 Do the Stay out the bushes! Come on! Stay out the bushes! Come on! Stay out the bushes! Come on! What? What, what, what, what, what? It's the ONA Show! My God! The phone's freaking out already, that's cool. If you need the phone number for later, 212-757-1027. Can I start the show with something, Anthony? Stop watching the TV! Nothing's going to be decided until tomorrow afternoon. Wherever you go, people are like crowding around TVs. They got CNN on, waiting to see who the hell the president's going to be. Doesn't matter. Everyone's on the CNN website, you know? We can't get on the drug report. Nothing is going to be decided until tomorrow afternoon. Right, nothing. Let's just do a thriller, man. Right off of that. You know what happened? What happened? I don't know, I started celebrating. Drunk George W. You know what I said, hold on, we gotta count over. I mean, who do I gotta, you know, stick my donkey in and take care of it? Drunk George W. Hey, here's for the dumb whore Hillary. You whore. Yes, she won. New York, God bless you jackasses. We have a new senator. I'm so glad I moved. I'm glad I moved. Right now, if I lived in New York, I would move. Yeah, of course I'd retreat. I'll get... Did you listen to her? I wonder... I can't talk yet. I have been elected by the people of New York to serve the straight state of New York. She's an alien. She's an alien. But the best part of her speech pattern is it starts off normal and then it just gets more and more and more and more and they want a change in the great state of New York. And her eyes get all big. Oh yeah, they start clapping. Oink, oink, oink. I'm gonna miss that party. Oink, oink, oink. Women especially listen up. Oink, oink, oink. You are no longer so aggressive. Oink, oink, oink. They love it. There you go. I don't know, is anybody else just exhausted though? I mean, no one's left. I was... I'm a responsible journalist. You know, I'm in the media. So I had to stay out there. I'm not responsible. Here's every newscast. Here's like every friggin' newscast. Do we have any music or something? Yeah, let me give you this one. Here's every newscast that's going on today. Good afternoon everybody. Welcome. Channel 7 news. We're covering this election 2000. And still, the state of Florida being recounted as it has been for the past 24 hours. Nothing's changed. Yet we will go to 20 reporters to talk about how nothing has changed. And nothing will change until tomorrow. What else do we have? Nothing. Absolutely nothing. There's the teletype in the background like Ten Ten Wins has. Like they're still using that friggin' teletype upstairs at Ten Ten Wins. It's all computers, yet they sit there and go, we've been analyzing the votes in Florida coming in now and it still isn't counted. So we must wait until tomorrow and until then you will hear how it is even. And we must recount. Until then we will keep showing you the map of the state won by Doren Bush. And as you notice, those won't change. I thought we were having a huge forest fire across the state. I'm like, oh my god, get the fire department out there. Here's Kalahassee and this part is mostly Bush. Now here's Orlando. There's a lot of Negroes there. And they're, of course, not for Bush. No, very democratic. That's what they were saying. This is heavily minority area. I heard somewhere where they didn't say heavy minority. They said, well, that part of the state is traditionally very democratic. Like they wouldn't even say it. And the point right in my head is well, what we've got here is a lot of Negroes who won't get off their day and you know so they don't like the Bushies and they're going to beat that home, bitch. I'll tell you what. Let me tell you why. Because first of all, Negroes are lazy. Oh my god. Hold on a second. Now hear me up. Negroes are lazy. Hold on. Jesus Christ, how long I got away from my beer? How long do I have to wait? Thinking of all, they're always looking for handouts. Am I right or am I wrong? Now listen to me here. I've got a friend here. My nephew has been in the Who's Gel for a while and I need you to hook him up for Christ's sake. Now he ain't a Negro but he can hook you up. I'm a hit guy but you're right in that. It just goes on and on. You can turn the TV off. It doesn't matter. What time did you give up on this last night? I was up until about 4.30 in the morning. See, I gave up just because I fell asleep at around 2.30 or so. Woke up around 4.30 and I expected you know, who closed this hall on my ear? We're going to get a result. It's 4.30 in the goddamn morning. It's America. It's the year 2000. They could tabulate this crap in two seconds and still they were like, hey, we ain't got a clue. I saw Tom Brokaw who is up at all hours. All hours. Tom Brokaw, NBC Nightly News here on Marikowney coverage of election 2000. What a big story here. God damn it. If somebody has some crystal meth, I'm exhausted. I can't believe this. There's nothing else to report people. So we're going to take you now to a wall that has been recently painted and we will watch it dry. If you notice, our correspondent wall side will show you how some of the areas are still a bit tacky. Others completely dry when other areas that have been out of the heat still totally wet. We will continue keeping tabs on this drying paint. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I'm a little confused with the candidates but I believe Captain Crunch has enough words to beat out Quiff. I was also the missing squirrel of Burning Guests in the news. I was also the missing squirrel of Burning Guests in the news. How does a squirrel vote? Will there be an absence of key ballads on the squirrel Will there be an absence of key ballads on the squirrel if we cannot indeed locate Burning Guests' squirrel? if we cannot indeed locate Burning Guests' squirrel? This is unbelievable. Life is pain. For you 2000, Katie, you're really smelling. For you 2000, Katie, you're really smelling. Katie, watch that thing. It smells like a sewer pipe. My God, you women need hygiene. Oh my God. Oh my God. Wait a minute, Katie. Could you come over here and help a man out? Can you come and help him? Oh, there we go. I went to the job about 10 hours ago and forgot. I just left it there. There we go. Hey, Katie, come here. I got a secret. Come here. Come here. Closer. Closer. There you go. Take that little perky face down my side. I'm getting a little lamb bunter from all the hours of reporting on everything that I've been doing. Here we go. More election results coming in from Florida. I'm going to go and look at the board. Hey, it's still undecided. It's not going to be decided until tomorrow. This is just ponderous. F-ing ponderous. Is that Donald on the phone? Where are those pictures I was supposed to put in? Unbelievable. As we have this breaking news, Florida's still not in on the vote. God damn, we've got a bunch of blue dots that are going to decide who's our next president. Isn't it amazing? Florida determining who our next president will be. Blue dots and people that go to Disney sitting on their little porch. Unbelievable. There's gators in Florida. How will the gators vote? What's the reptile vote? We're going to have to see. We're going to have to see. We're going to have to see. What's the reptile vote look like? And how do they vote? They can't pull whatever they don't have in a pollable pump. How will this affect the ballot? Here's the gators fighting away at potential voters who said, oh my God, it's a god damn alligator. Unbelievable. Hillary Clinton in the Senate race in New York. Bill Clinton declaring himself the winner. A life winner because Hillary will be in Washington. Bill will be in Manhattan losing scores in the woods. Isn't that amazing? Hillary wins. Bill Clinton is the true winner here. The true winner. He's already setting up his basketball pad. I got my basketball pad. It's a nice little townhouse. I call it my get some pad. It's great. Hillary's going to be away. I'm going to take care of business I'm going to take care of business is what they say it is. I'm going back to call myself Bubba. Here, I got to make a phone call. Hello? Hi. Is this 1-800-TRY book? I need something heart shaped that vibrates. And I want to, I need a whole room to look like, remember Otter's room? In Animal House? With the bed and you got that mermaid with the fish tank with the two goldfish balls for both? I need that for my pad. But Hillary's coming. He's going to be out partying, tearing it up. You know? Yeah. Did you see? Did you see? Did you see he pushed his hand away? Oh my God. You know there was just fire between those two. They get into a closed room and it's like well you learned bitch. You happy now? Because you're supporting my ass. That's it. No more David Kane from Beth. And you're a dyke. And you got a fat ass. Senator. Everyone's like, is Bill going to leave? Is he going to leave Bill? I think the question is, will she lick Rosie O'Donnell's ass? That'll never make it. That'll never make it. That'll never make it. Wow. Alright. I'm going to tell you something whore. That's what it's going to be. I'm going to tell you something whore. You're going to be watching it. You know what I'm going to be? I'm going to be banging. It sucks. And I'll be effing. You go take care of them. If you're going to try to run for president. Of course you are. You know that. This is just leading up to it. And God forbid she wins. Poor Bill. Poor emasculated Bill in the White House again. But not as president. You know how many closed office meetings and stuff where she'll just go, oh no Bill. You have to stay out here. I'm meeting with the Secretary of Defense. He's just kicking around the White House. Another tourist coming in. I can scope the chicks. Hey, you want to meet him? I got you. This is where I used to work. Now look at that. A big fat ass just put a dent in my chair. I'll tell you one thing. Ain't the action going on in here that was when I was president. Come on. Let me show you the Lincoln badges. That's what I like to call the Lincoln Lodge. I don't like that. That's going to be wild. Hey Seagulls. Come on pass the line. Stop watching TV. Nothing is changing. We're in a holding pattern Anthony. Yeah, they say tomorrow we should know. It's only 1700 votes. Making 1200 now. Making George Bush the winner. George Debby. How much is it going to suck for Gore if he loses this election even though he won the popular vote? What's worse being a Met or being Gore? More people voted for you but you do not get to be president. Gore was ready to fire up. Who let the dogs out? You know. And then they took it away. He brought in Benitez. Yeah, see what happened? Bang bang boom. Benitez is coming here now for the election. It looks like Gore has got this one tied up. Uh oh, no wait. Wait, he doesn't. Oh, my mistake. Hey, who won? Rutherford Beard? It's a mess now but you're not going to know until tomorrow. So, screw it. Nothing is going to change. Nothing at all. Go to the CNN website. They've got the same graphic on. Yeah, we know. We know, we know, we know. Go back to your regularly scheduled porno on the internet. God damn mess though. I thought it was going to be all wrapped up. 4.30 in the morning. I can't take this anymore. Then I wake up and I go, okay, it's got to be over. I feel undecided. Since I woke up, I picked up the remote. I'm like, you've got to be kidding. You go driving today, you realize that everyone is tired. I almost got hit twice. People don't know how to drive. They're all sleepy. You see some of the white hairs in Florida, the old people? They are complaining because the ballot. They voted for Buchanan by accident because the ballot was confusing. The arrow pointed. I couldn't see anything. I couldn't see anything. I couldn't see anything. I couldn't see anything. I couldn't see anything. I walked in there. And I just finished clapping. And I walked in and I said, ooh, I'm going to press this button. And the next thing you know, ooh, I just cracked myself. It was one of those cards where you have to pop out little holes in it. What century is this? It was a card that you pop holes out in. And the top one was for Bush. It was all by yourself. Under Bush, it was all by yourself. Under Bush is Gorse. The right of that is Buchanan. But they had arrows pointing to which hole you pop out. And they popped out the Buchanan. Well, then you know what? That state shouldn't be voting in for that retort. Right. If I hear one more thing like, nubbin nubbin, Gorse is the P-U-X-X-Y. I mean it's like if he loses Florida, they're going to be like, oh, I'm going to lose the state. If he loses Florida, they're going to be talking, I'm going to sue. Oh, this is going to go on. Because the old lady, you lost, man. Go take a go to the Caribbean. It's a tough pill to swallow though. The guy got more votes than he got the popular vote. That's the way it goes. I know, that's how we got it set up. Imagine being the guy though. That happens when you lose. What are you going to do? The Nets outplayed the Yanks and they lost. Wow. It's like the Nets beat the Yanks 4-3, but the victory still goes to the Yanks. Exactly. See how pissed you would be before? The guy out and the guy who missed the ball. You dick. All right, we're just getting started obviously. The phone's just exploding. We'll see what the people have to say today. Their reaction, Anthony. Yes, their reaction to this news that nothing new will happen until tomorrow. 212-757-1027. Radio is a commercial business that you have to do what people want. What a crap. We don't do traffic, we don't do weather. We do nothing. Did you just say you're on social media? That's it. It's like the worst radio on the planet. Oh, the old Anthony show. There's no way. Anthony. Yeah. This website that we're about to talk about is so freaking wrong. I've got to admit it's wrong. What goddamn is this for? Cowbell Bill showed us this one last night in the office. Oh, here it is. Do you want to play along at home? Uglypeople.com. Uglypeople.com. And the people on this website aren't like standard ugly. You know, you see attractive people, you see ugly people every day. This is a special category of ugly people. Go to ugly women once you get there, a little link there, and some of these pictures, they're glamour shots of women that have to be 450 pounds that were serious when they had it taken. Go funny eyes, couple of retouch. I don't know what. It really is wrong, but man, I challenge you to click on any of these pictures on uglypeople.com and not laugh. And not laugh. We could all be PC and act like, you know, it's not right to laugh at these people and their faces, but I defy you to click on those pictures and not laugh. Page four. Once you get to uglypeople.com and get on ugly women, click on page four of the gallery. See, they're laughing out there. They're checking out the website. You see the black woman all the way to the left in the middle? Yeah. Yeah, click on her. Click on her. The black woman. There's only one black woman on the page. This is the one that Cal Bell Bill sent to a friend of his and said, Hey, I'm seeing a new girl. Check her out. Because if you scroll down after you click on one of the pictures, you can send these pictures to people with a little message. Yeah. And then look at the scene page, page four. Page four is a good one. The lower right-hand corner. Giraffe woman. I don't know what's going on. Look at that. There's something wrong there. That's just not right. Wow, you guys. No, that is, there's something wrong there. Yeah, look at the big Adam's apple and stuff. It's wrong to laugh, but see, look at that. Have you checked out uglypeople.com? I've seen that. You've seen uglypeople.com? I've seen this. I've got pictures of one of these women with a cucumber and not cooking it either. Nice. Nice. Nice. Look, there's a nun. There's a nun on page nine. Page nine. A nun made it to uglypeople.com. It says, oh, Christ, is she ugly? Oh, man. She's working a computer. She's working a computer. I think she gave me a handy when I was growing up. Those nuns must be wet. What is this? Wow, a lot of people hitting it. Yeah, I know. It's getting like an upstart shot. An upstart shot on uglypeople.com? Look at her in a bathing suit. Yeah, this is really bad. These poor people. You know, what if by some weird chance one of these people in these pictures actually has their own picture sent to them? Yeah. Yeah, I know. Oh, look at her teeth. They look like oars. I've been Matt looking up at you. Well, check out Ugly People. Have fun with that one. It's kind of tough to really get into this radio, but it's hours of fun when you get home tonight. Well, Anthony, we still haven't talked about anything going on in the world. No, there's some funny stories. Funny, funny stories. Where do you want to go? Oh, you want to go to that one? Someone gave me the daily news. This is probably... Monkey throwing fruit at cars. Monkey throwing fruit at cars. I don't know where my daily news is. How about that? No daily news in the story. No little story. All right, why don't you read it, Anthony? From Virginia on I-95. Three monkeys have been hurling fruit at cars on Interstate 95, police say. State trooper Mike Scott was flagged down Sunday by a driver who pulled over. The woman told him a monkey had hurled fruit at her car about a mile back. The guy started laughing, but he drove to the scene of the attack and found two more vehicles pulled over. The man said, I know this sounds crazy, but a monkey threw an apple at our car. Just then something hit the van. Lo and behold, there were three brown monkeys in an oak tree throwing crab apples. The primates then jumped down, ran across the highway, and escaped. All three monkeys on the lam, Opie. Where did they come from? Can you imagine just driving down the street and monkeys start throwing fruit at your car? Was it like a little gang attack? Like they all got together and decided as monkeys they were going to throw fruit at the humans? Man, I know why. Why? Get ready with the bell. This is just a joke. I know where you're going with this. I know. Can I write it down? Yeah, go ahead. Please hold as Opie writes down his answer. We'll return shortly. Please stand by. We're experiencing technical difficulty. Please stand by. All right, Manning. Man, I don't want to read it out. They were pissed off that. Man, I don't want to read it out. They were pissed off that. Man, I don't want to read it out. Man, I don't want to read it out. They were pissed off that. That's pretty funny. It's funny, right? Get her out. If there's a reason, maybe our lives won't be in danger. I don't think so. But of course, first time I'm funny in the show, I can't even say it. I'm sure if you get the feedback, people probably have it already. Anyway, so the monkeys are throwing stuff at cars in I-95. Look at that on instant feedback. Chuck has been checking his answer. He is. Man, right in this monkey. Oh, God, I can't believe that. That even has gotten me. It's horrible. Yes, monkeys throwing fruit. Damn you. Round monkeys. Yes. Round monkeys. Throwing apples. That's me who drives by. What happened? What happened to me? I'm 70 to the 8th, remember? When I was running through the town before they netted me. And they were throwing fruit and vegetables at me. Damn monkeys. Damn you. And then they pulled me up in the net and I went, Take your thinking balls off me, you damn dirty ape. Kevin forblank is a Franklin lake. Yes. He's got his red. He knew he was able to behold it, what Opie had written on those politically incorrect scrolls. And offers. Wow, someone got it right on live chat. Damn you. Wow, why Kevin's got it right too. And four. And nine. Damn you all to hell. At least they weren't beaten off like they do at the zoo. You ever go to the zoo? What's with these monkeys? Red ass. Little monkey peckers. And they're spanking away. Throwing feces. Throwing feces. I remember Jira threw feces at me when we were having a manatee. Me, Jira and Cornelia. No ass like monkey ass. Hey, it's a duke chicken and an instant feedback. Yes, yes, you got that right. Yes, Mike from Newark. Mr. Heston? Yes. Black Earl is in the studio. He's a representative of the African American community. I want to let him read what was written down on the politically incorrect scroll. And he'll decide if it should be on the air, okay? You needn't read this. Black Earl. My God, this would be painful. Now we know why the monkeys were throwing food at cars in I-95. We know why. Okay. This is like a wacky version of match game or something. Here we go. Earl, read it to yourself and decide if this is something that your community would like to hear. You guys like working here? Oh, no. Not really. You're laughing, huh? I'm laughing because I just don't care. Why does the Greek man need anything to do with it? Oh, yeah, you're right. Oh, my God. I know why the monkeys were throwing fruit at cars. What a dude. It's me, the Greek man. Of course, you know I'm very politically interconnected. Got fired for that drag them behind truck line. Come with me to fact, remember? Greek man, why does the world got a bone dry snarling Z? Greek man, read what line two thinks the answer is. Line two? The monkeys didn't take the Zoloft. No, that's not what Opie wrote. Or I mean the Greek man. That dude is long enough I can read it. The damage is his character Z. Bone dry snarling Z. Bone dry snarling Z. I remember slinging lead back in the Washington, D.C. police force. Me, the Greek man. Bone dry, give me that paper. Not a dude. Bone dry. I know why the monkeys were throwing fruit. No, no, no, no, no. I turned off Greece man's mic. I turned off Greece man's mic. We'll be back with more of the Greece man show after these words. Bone dry snarling Z. Grisola, yes, the Greece man back on the airwaves. Here in New York City. Metropolitan New York City. Very politically incorrect. Greece man. I remember I was a law enforcement agent in Washington, D.C. Before I got fired. Bone dry, bone dry. They were pitching I traded to the Knicks. Bone dry. What a dude. Bone dry. Greece man, that's awful for you to say. And that wasn't what I wrote down, Greece man. No, I was reading off of instant feedback. Oh. Opie wrote because they're monkeys and they probably just didn't know any better. Right. We're still running the spectrum on this show. One day you could be so aroused by what's going on. And the next day you could just be puking. The Opie and Anthony show. First meet on the way. One hole. And the hook of the N.W.W. W.N.E.W. They're going to be broadcasting. One oh two seven. W.N.E.W. The hook of the Anthony. Here in review. One oh two seven. W.N.E.W. Oh yeah. Where's my crystal meth? Shut up. I'm trying to enjoy this. You shut up. Shut up. Is this your first time at the truck shop? Is this your first time at the truck shop? Yeah. Did we already met up? It's the Opie and Anthony show. Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven. Look what I found wandering around upstairs, Anthony. I saw that. What a surprise. He wasn't supposed to be in a Camara. But my pal and comedian, a star of stage, screen. And occasionally my living room in front of a Budweiser can. Adam Ferrara. Let's not forget cable TV. He was on the list last night. Oh yeah. He was on the list. Did you get any weed from George Clinton? No. He was on there with you. He was the biggest of the day. He had quite an impact on you. You came in with some dreads today. Wow. I go, Adam, great you're here. You're going to save our show today. Because we don't know what you're doing. Do they know what you do to prep for the show? Aw man. Look at this. This is a Wimpleball bat. Now ask me what this mark is. We're in the office zone, Adam. Shouldn't you guys be reading the paper or something? This computer game is called Soldier of Fort... Look at that. Shut up. They could be onto us. We closed that door and we made believe we were going through all the newspapers. You know what it's like when a guy comes in and says, We're like great hunters showing off our trophies. Look at this Wimpleball bat. This thing was shoved in eight inches deep. I think, Commander, it wasn't quite as high as it is now. It isn't quite. We're like showing trophies. That Wimpleball bat killed me because this mark sounded like when your kid was growing up on the dojo. Yeah, that's funny you can revisit it. Remember when you could only take the handle? No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You can only take the handle? Look how much you've grown. That's our new game. If any girl out there wants to try to set the record, you're more than welcome. And we do put a condom over the end of it. You don't have to worry about getting any of those Wimpleball bat diseases that are going around now. Well, the winner is the line that's furthest from the handle. Has there been a pine tolling today? No, although the last time I was here we weren't sure what was going to come out. She was going to come out. She had pimp with her and everything. Really? Yeah, she came in under the guise that it was going to be her coming in. Oh, yeah, this is my boyfriend. Like, okay, the boyfriend. It's not usually cool when the boyfriend comes in, but we can deal with it. And then all of a sudden the boyfriend we notice is this three foot tall Puerto Rican guy. That's a pimp. And that's a pimp because he starts asking for cash. Like, oh, wait a minute. Can I ask you a question? Do you have other girlfriends in your stable? Yeah, so it was like a girlfriend in that sense. Like, hey, handle first. She's a lady. And this is my best girl. I just hit her in the body with a phone book so as not to bruise up her face. I learned that from Ice Turner. I hit her with a car antenna about her midsection. This guy is Guido the killer pimp. Yeah, smack her with a bag of oranges. A bag of oranges. So there's no more. Yeah, flesh socks. There's no more. Yeah, flesh socks full of molding clay. It feels like a stretch arms song. Remember those things? Those things were like a kid's version of a sap. You ever see those things like the blackjack they used to use in Dick Tracy days? Why the stretch arms song? The Charlie. The toy stretch arms song, you get it for Christmas. It was cool because you could stretch his arms and legs. And it felt very soft. It just squished it. But it was some kind of physics thing that happened to the material inside during a strong strike. So how was Ice Turner when I smashed Dawn over the head with it? She'd go out. I thought it was like a marshmallow. It's a cushy little stretch arms song. She's out. You like knocking girls out, man. Oh, I do? Well, the taser. That was an accident. Oh, much better. It was a stun gun, Your Honor. What did you do with a taser? Remember Carrie? Yeah, okay. Well, we were sitting on the couch watching TV one night. You know how I used to build things. So I'd go to Radio Shack and get the plastic cases and transistors, resistors, capacitors, all kinds of fun stuff. And I built from the schematic a stun gun. Wait a minute, I remember that. Yeah. And for the contacts, I went to Larry's Hobby Shop and got a couple of landing gear axles for the airplanes. And I screwed them onto the end of the plastic case. Everything went on the circuit board, went inside. But I didn't believe it would work because I made it. There's really only one way to test these things. So we're sitting on the couch and I stick it to her leg and hit the button. She goes out. Bam. Oh wow. And I was torn because partly I felt bad for doing that. But another part of me was like, hey wow, it worked. I built it. You were frightened and impressed. Yeah. That's funny. You made a grenade launcher you made? Yeah, made a little grenade launcher. For the paintball games. Remember that? If you ever left anything at Anthony's house, it would never be in its original form. I left my gun there, my paintball gun there. I remember calling him up, hey, you got my paintball gun? It's not a gun anymore. No radio. It's a can opener. What did you do MacGyver? Well now it's like a grenade launcher and a, well, can it core a apple? There's even something here to take corns off your feet. You know, I had a lot of time on my hands. It's very intelligent and you're very drunk. That's what it was. You can't combine those two. After a few beers, sitting around and then just staring around an apartment that was like Phoebe's Playhouse. There was so much stuff that was laying around. And after a while you would get tired of toy A and toy B, so you would combine them to make toy C. And nitrous oxide generated spiral grass. They shoot shiny stars at their neighbor's dog. How much did you have to drink? Oh, not the grip. We're only four tiers high on the coffee table in the living room. As far as the cans go, the first layer would take up the entire table. And then it would go up in a pyramid shape. So you reach the top and then you'd realize the bottom ones are pretty stinky. At this point you'd have to start clearing them out. And then the bison would pee in the top can. It's like the champagne thing at the wedding. Straight in the bride. Or we'd sit on the other couch and pick them off with the plastic session cup dark gun. Boing, boing, boing. What a bunch of stupid... Adam Ferrara helping us out today. My pal Adam Ferrara. Very proud. Thank you, champ. Yes. Oh, they're chanting his name. Let me follow your memories. There he is. Adam Ferrara. I knew you. You guys try to tell that paintball story on the air. Oh my god. It was hard during the commercials. We were huge into paintball. When it first started out in Long Island. Yeah, when you had the single shot bolt action paintball gun. It was a musket. It pretty much had to be musket and paintball gun. And we went out there. We were the Red Devil. Sure. It was our team. I still got my jacket. Who doesn't? Who doesn't? Sometimes I like to get naked and put it on. Yeah, we were the Red Devil. The Red Devil. Yeah, had the patch and everything. People feared the Red Devil. Did you have a nickname when you were part of the Red Devil? All of us had our own nicknames. What was yours? I was the surgeon. The surgeon? The surgeon. That was because I was able to surgically insert shots in between branches and do nose jobs on people. I broke a guy's nose with a shot. With a paintball. And the owner of the field gave me the name The Surgeon. This guy was behind this log with a bunch of branches in front of him. Just kind of decimating the team a little bit from a good vantage point. So I took a shot at him. It went right between two branches. Smacked him in the bridge of the nose. And the next thing the ambulance was coming. Making him away. I was like, wait, I thought we were using yellow paint. How come it's red coming out of his face? You had sighting skills back then. Ah, yes. Yes. The surgeon. So the Red Devils, you guys were quite a team. Yeah. Very feared. Very feared. We were the number one team in New York. We went to a bunch of the regional. And that's where we should have stayed. Yeah. We went to a bunch of the regionals all over the state and everything. Did very well. Cleaned up. I think we used the treachery more than skill. No one expected some of the dumb ass moves we used to make. We didn't know anything about strategy. Yeah. So we'd win. Well, then we get the call that we're going to this national thing. Going to the big leagues. Going to the big leagues in Tennessee. Tennessee. So sponsored. They send us down to Tennessee. We're all full of ourselves. We're going to kick ass. We're going to wipe everybody out. We go to Tennessee. We watched a dirty dozen the night before. Oh, yeah. We were all psyched. So we figured we'll have a little celebratory cocktail or two at a club in Tennessee. We went in about 11 o'clock at night. Walked out of there I think three or four in the morning. Trashed. They call our first game seven in the morning. You guess who's playing first game? The Red Devils. Red Devils. The Long Devils. Why don't you throw them Yankees up there first? Yes. Put them boys out there first. And we were playing like the Tennessee team on their home field. It was the Bay of Pigs. Oh, it was horrible. It was a massacre. No air cover. It was denying all over again. And we had General Custer. Hey, they're friendly Indians. Yeah. How long did the game last? The game must have lasted maybe five minutes. If that's most. Yeah. All I know is the horn blew and they were on us so fast. I didn't know even how fast they could get across the field like that. So I'm behind a rock. I see Adam over to the side and there's just crap flying all over our heads and everything. So I'm like, this is useless. They're just going to outflank us and take us out. I'm going to stand up and make a bolt fast run toward their flag station. Yeah. And I remember looking and going, Kowalski, no! Kowalski! So I stick my head up and I'm like, what's going on? I stick my head up to stand up. That was it. That was it. I had about 12 shots right into my cranium. That's all I heard was like, no, no, no, no, no, no. Done. Done. Out of it. And I followed after you. I took it like because I was running. When you moved, I was moving behind you to take the flank around. Yeah, to help me out. I went the flank around. My whole shot, I looked like a subway car. I was paint graffiti. And the initials were in there. We got clean. Hey, Jack, hey, hey. Hey, Marty, can you go back to New York? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They lived it. We used to play with what they call live ammunition. That was a Melissa. Well, I think it was. We were going on a field to play. These guys live in the woods, like in his living room. So we came back to New York a little more humble. Hey, one of your old teammates is on the line. Who's that? Frankie. You know Frankie? Hey, Frank. Hello, Anthony. Frank. What's up, brother? Me and Donica. Oh, yeah. We went to Tennessee with you guys. We got clean. Yeah, you were part of the Tennessee contingent, yeah. We were using Buzai. It was the one. We got nailed. It was because we went to that club and we were out drinking. When we were walking in, the other teams were leaving. They had already been out for their little night in Tennessee. It was 11 o'clock. They were going home. We were just getting there. This is the realest of scots there. I remember George. He kicked me up from the airport. I couldn't believe it. I mean, he was about to die. So I couldn't believe it. He was on the red devils. He got me for that tournament. That was the first time I played at that team. Yeah. It was great. Yeah, it was great. All right. What a mess. I was afraid my head was going to be hanging in the mayor's office. He annihilated us. Yeah, that's right. He remembers that. He remembers the annihilators. He remembers the annihilators. He remembers the annihilators. He remembers the annihilators. I remember the emergency room. That's all I remember. Oh, do they? Some of them still play? Yeah. We found something else. A lie. Now, I would love to get out there and actually play again. We might have to do something when the weather gets really nice. Yeah, we're trying to get like a show paintball game today. I know, because who was it? John Cuoco used to run a league way back in the day. He was a big fan of the game. He was a big fan of the game. He was a big fan of the game. He was a big fan of the game. He was a big fan of the game. He was a big fan of the game. He was a big fan of the game. He was a big fan of the game. He was a big fan of the game. He used to run a league way out east exit 64 in Quorum. Are they still running that? They're still running it, but John's gone. Oh, you know the guy from the... John bought it. He bought it on the Maycon Delta. He lost it for a while. And the guy should have gone to paintball last night. Oh, cool. We're going to have to go out there, man. The equipment's all different now. Like Adam said, it was pretty much the musket of paintball guns. And then we got to the point where they put a pump on it, and you were amazed. And then constant air came out. And then full automatic, where you are firing paintballs at a rate that is ridiculous. And now that's standard equipment now. Yeah, the guns they have now are computer. You plug them into your computer at a program called Angel for $1,600. A computerized guy, right. A computerized guy. You can take out people in the car on the way to the game. You just hit them right in the radio. Doesn't that take the fun out of the game? It's amazing. You know what I mean? This just goes to show you, because this is paintball. But the same principles apply to warfare, where it just advances and progresses. We're talking over the course of probably maybe 10, 12 years, I guess it was, since we were playing. And the technology that they put behind these guns now is amazing. It was a single-shot gun. And the purpose for the original guns that they started paintball with was to mark trees that they were going to cut down. They'd go into these building sites and use a red paintball. And so they wouldn't have to get out of the truck and paint the thing. They would shoot it. And then Arlo and Clem one day, Clem shoots Arlo in the ass with a paint gun. And there's a game where a few years later they're plugging into the computer and calling in airstrikes. Those two guys are the guys we played in Tennessee. I think so. The Inventor gives Dane. Yeah, I remember that. And this just in, Joe from Jersey wants to know, does Anthony still have that jacket or did he lose that also? Oh, wait a minute. Let me think now. Hey, I think some homeless guy in Huntington is walking around with my Red Devil jacket. Oh, God. I think it's in the Goodwill box. Oh, yeah. Pete, what's up? Hey, how's it going? Great. Hey, do you remember a team called the Court Justice? Yeah. Scott Schmidt, Brian Morgan. Remember the judge then? Yeah, the judge. Yeah. We had that rivalry going on with you guys. Yeah. Oh, you were on that team? Yeah, I was up about a year. And I was still underage at the time. I was like 16, 17. They didn't kick nothing. Fresh-faced rookie. Yeah, it was great though. And then you had the other team, the Wild Geese, the old guys. The Wild Geese, the old guys. Yeah, those guys were all Vietnam vets. I'm saying how they played because once you go in search, it takes you away from it. Yeah, the Wild Geese were all vets. I remember one time they pulled this little raid. They actually got a raft and got into the lake and paddled across the lake. And no one did crap like that. It was hysterical. We used to use some treachery that was pretty funny. If we were the red team, you'd have to wear a red bandana around your arm, and the other team would wear a yellow one. So if we were crashed down an ambush or something, we'd see an opposing team member walking by. We'd roll over to hide our bandana and go to them, Hey, dude, come here. We need help. Come here. Come here. And he'd start crawling towards you. And you'd just open up on his face. Well, our devil patches were red. Yeah, so if we were the yellow team, they might see a red patch. I think it was the red. It was hysterical. We would take over the flag station. And then just like they believed that we were there, they would come back with our flag. Come on, come on, we're going to win. They'd lead people back to defend their station while they sent out a force to get our flag. So if they captured our flag, we would take over their flag station, get down in the bunkers. And while the guy was running in, we're like, come on, we won, we won. The second he gets ready to place a flag, he just opened up on his face. I had a lot to my little friend. Well, you cheated. You said that you were our team. You cheated. Yeah, pop, take that with you. Tell that to the Viet Cong. Remember the Mickey Mouse massacre? Oh, that was great. We actually sang the theme to the Mickey Mouse Club while we were just mowing down the hill. We were taking this hill, singing this song. It was embarrassing to the people. And you know who was on the wild geese? John McCain. John McCain. I'm glad you're talking my language. Joe, what was your code name? Joe Buck. Joe Buck. Hey, listen, I don't think we're going to be stuck in the bunkers. Yeah, my brother was pretty sick. We'd surround the flag station. There would be a bunch of the opposing team dug in into these bunkers that were set up. And we'd all be around it trying to fire in. Joe would always lead the charge. He would just stand up and run right into these bunkers and from like two inches away pop these guys. And I'd be amazed, like, what the hell is he doing? And the people were so stunned that he did it that they couldn't even shoot him. They're looking at him like, and their first reaction was to cover up their face so they wouldn't even shoot him. And he'd just stand over and go pop, pop, pop. It was hysterical. Remember that movie, Dogs of War? Yeah, yeah, the Walkers. You're late. You're late. In a couple of seconds, you felt like Chris Walken when he walked into the presidential palace. I was surprised. With that freaking gun he had. Oh yeah, totally crazy. I started getting nothing to do with the camouflage and everything. Joe was in the Army, you know, so he would put on the same face camo that he put on when he was with the 82nd Airborne. And it would just scare the bejesus out of the newbies. Newbies show up in like corduroys and the T-shirts. Yeah, the guy showed up in a no shirt. The guy showed up in a no shirt. Remember Rambo that time? Oh yeah, we were calling him Rambo. He showed up in a no shirt. The guy looked like a leopard when he was done. He had just welts all over his body. He was like a leopard. Everything was going, oh, I'm getting a left shoulder. You've got to get this guy, man. You've got to get this guy. He looked like the strippers from yesterday. After we did him up with the last. And Joe, the best was this thing called the Recon Village. It was the smallest field on the whole collection of fields they had. It was hoochies, a bunch of bunkers and houses and huts made out of plywood and whatnot with windows and doors cut in. And this field was really small. So it was all headshots. Everything was a headshot. Someone would peek out a window, wham! Just stood right there. And then remember one of the crazy Vietnam guys from the Wild Geese? He ran and jumped through a window, landed on his head, and then got taken out by the guy inside. He went running across the field and he went to dive into one of the open windows of the hooch. And they were just plywood. They were just made of plywood. And he caught his head, like halfway across his forehead, on the top of the window. That's what happened to that guy. Joe Buck, when he used to raid the bunkers, he was like, if he had the tape and everything, he was really into service. He would go nuts if he shot people. Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa! Now give me your wallet! Jason from Best Pages checking in on Instant Feedback, did you ever play the Big East game with 500 guys and helicopters? Yes, we did. Uh-oh. What? They would do this once a year. It was called the Big Game. They would get about 500 people, give him up into two teams, and there would be helicopters where they would take these certain insertion teams over the field and drop them at their locations. But when you have 250 guys against 250, firing off at each other, when you would get into these huge line battles that were about 100 people across, and it would just sound like New Year's Day in China. You couldn't even hear it. It sounded static. Yeah, you could call it an airstrike on a walking car. You could see this guy with painted Dutch boy paint dropping down his side. And John Colocco, don't shoot at the helicopters! Don't shoot at the choppers! Take one of those old things down with a paintball. This guy would walk around like Robert Duvall in Apocalypse Now. With his cane and his cowboy hat and everything. He wore his colors and everything. He was another Vietnam vet. They were all like Vietnam vets. That's funny. What about when Rick Schroeder was on the field? Oh, God, I forgot about that. That was the bachelor party. Yeah, Rick Schroeder. I forgot about that. He had a bigger target than Rambo. And everybody was just like, oh yeah, I want to nail Ricky Schroeder. Here he goes. I got you a silver tongue. He was like a big target. We got to get out there, man. Yeah, we got to get something together. I'm frightened with all the technology and stuff. I had to like hold up in the apartment for a while and build something. I built a tank. Last time I played, they have constant air, which is a CO2 pack on your back. And constant speed, balls. You get like a thousand at a time. And it's semi-auto. As fast as you pull a trigger, that's how fast the gun fires. Yeah, I'm going to go after it. Well, if you hear the other guy talking now, you can plug your gun into a computer and computerize, I guess, the velocity. Look at Joe. Joe's having an orgasm. Maybe I'll tie him in a pair. Maybe we're a little dull, but it's cool. We want to do some fights on the back. Everybody goes, do you want to do some ecstasy? I'm like, I can't even have dairy. All right, Joe. Adam, give me a call, man. I will. All right, brother. Take it easy, Joe. A lot of great phone calls on Hold Anthony. Hold Anthony, we're going to talk about the new technology and these paintball wars. Yeah, a couple of people from the old team checking in. All right. Who's your lad? Did he call in? Oh, God. Jim Lad. Jim Lad did call in. Give him a call. 2127571027. This is an Anthony show. And anything? You know what to do? Five o'clock down the road. I decided to push a button. What button should I push? Push the button. Please. Hold me and Anthony show. You are officially out of control. Come right to 2127571027. 1-E-W. Hey, if the president was in Vietnam, I know, I saw that on the news. He's taking this little trip to Vietnam, and I guess it's some kind of goodwill trip that he's taking. He's just wasting time, you know. It's so obvious that this guy is, he's out, you know, regardless of who they put in there now. But that whole debacle, it's like he's going to need Bush as early as tomorrow. Well, we'll see. Watch. Watch what happens. It'll go on and on forever. But Clinton now, he would never have done something like this to this extent because he should get bashed for this. The guy is a disgrace. And the veterans that served in Vietnam, although, well, they already can't stand him, but they really should be up in arms now. Because what the hell business does he have going over there and shaking these people's hands and smiling and laughing at them? And I was thinking about this. It's as if you get a bunch of your friends together, right, and they're going to fight with a bunch of other guys. And then one of your group of friends runs away from the fight, and your friends get their asses kicked. Then a little while later, you go over to the guys that beat up your friends and start shaking hands and smiling, taking pictures. Then your friends look like they turn around and go, what? You effing tool. Does this have something to do with Clinton being a draft dodger? Hey, oh, you're a quick man today. Look at that. A big yellow one. I had it confirmed when I was going to school. But now 30 years later, he steps off Air Force One and now he's in Vietnam. Ooh, scary. Wow, look at this. Ooh, look, a place selling McDonald's and Coca-Cola. Petrifying. Landed in a, oh my God, Air Force One. It's a hot LV. Hot LV, red smoke. No, there's nothing going on. Zips in the eyes. Zips in the eyes. No, no, you missed all the action now, Mr. Clinton. Mr. Clinton. I got my little radio here. I'm like the radio man. Zips in the eyes. Pull back perimeter. Snake and Nate on my pod. No, no, no, that's going on anymore. Goddamn slopes. No. Play the music when we come on to the airport, Air Force One. Play the music. Drive the slopes crazy. See that one running? Go ahead, put the pontoon right up your ass. I'm going to smoke these trees. Hey, this is great. Do you ever do a shotgun? I swear this is great. Look, we're here in our bunker. Let me just check the shotgun for you. There we go. Look, now I'm going to blow the smoke in through the magazine. And you just smoke it out of the fire. Okay, here. Yeah. Feeling good. Hey, this ain't your show, lions. This ain't your show. Look, I'm firing out the door, Air Force One. This is where no one shoots back. Mr. Brother, how can you shoot innocent women and children? It's easy, you just don't lead them as much. Goddamn, this is a blast with no one shooting back. Goddamn, look at that goose. I didn't even shoot the water buffalo. I don't care, whatever it is. Leave that goddamn door open. This is so much fun when I know they can't shoot back. That's right, Michael Marks right here with me. Where's that little May Tom smoke girl running down the street? I'll take her out. You're a little too late, son. What? Mr. President. What happened? Where did everyone go? I can't help but smell a May Tom in the morning. The war is over. It smells like victory. Oh, wait a minute. The sergeant is talking. Your day is the finger-banging, old Mary Jane Burtancrot. Your pretty pink panties are over. No, no, don't tell me that. I'm the president. Hey, look who it is. Dylan. Goddamn. Come on, everyone goes home. No one left behind. No one left behind. Where's this Charlie I heard about so much? I love it. Open up that front door. Let's go, boys. God, I love this. Get on your feet, Dink. Den Ballard, love you a long time. Come here. I thought that goose had a grenade, but it was just a big mac and a piece of it. But hell, these things happen more times. Unbelievable. Get on enough. No more yanking my candy. I love this meat jeep and the rice paddies. Oh, wait, what's he going for? Oh, this is just a piece of ass. Sorry. Come on, let's do the whole village. Let's do the whole village. Holy ass, you ever see a head come apart like that? No, I haven't seen that. 30 years later. I'm in combat. This is great. Why'd I miss this? It's so easy. I don't know what I was so scared of when they told me to report. And I ran off to England because this is just a piece of cake. You take your big jet plane, you fly low, and there's another five. I just love that. Groovy. Why would he pick Vietnam? He's got two months away, can he go over there? I'm going to call in an airstrike. Come on, let's go. Oh, look at that. It's a beautiful man. It's a beautiful man. Unbelievable. Get the wires. Get the claymores. Nothing's going on anymore. Look at that idiot. God damn surrounded by goons and legs. Fly over to Hanoi Hilton. Everyone goes home. Everyone goes home. Oh, boy. Come on. We've got to take a break. Jesus, man. Vietnam. It is Opie and Anthony. Hello, how are you guys? Thanks for joining us. There you go. Yesterday my sister was listening to Z100, and they were talking about putting a Z free money sticker on corn. Z free money sticker. And then they're like, if you have a sticker that says wow, take it off because it won't get you anything. Oh, yeah. A wow only food. A wow sticker will get you a lot of money. A Z free money sticker. You think anyone wins money on those stupid bumper stickers, radio station campaigns? That's why we did wow. Yeah, it's a no brainer. People give you something, food, for putting the sticker on it. It doesn't have to be someone from the station. Let's drive it around. I'm going to put the sticker on and get something to eat. We can do that. It's a no brainer. on it. It doesn't have to be someone from the station. Let's drive it around. Let me explain something about radio. We'll take down the curtain again here, Ed. Yeah. A station like Z100, okay? So they have these Z-free money stickers. Z-free money sticker, everybody. Get your sticker on. We're going to be giving you cash. So they're hoping to get maybe a couple thousand stickers out there. And they'll give prizes to maybe 10 to 20 people. Yeah. I guarantee, as we sit here on this fine with them on Wednesday, that hundreds upon hundreds of people are seeing stuff on the highway because of our wow stickers. Won't get you nothing. They are so jealous of our wow sticker campaign. Have you seen how many cars come in and out of this city? Have you seen the traffic? Do you know the numbers of cars that are driving on this road? What are the odds that you're going to stick a great wow hundred sticker on your car and someone from that station is going to see it and what? Like pull you over and give you money? Pull you over and give you a Britney Spears ticket or something? A better chance of getting pulled over with a gun to your head and someone taking your car in this city than there is of you getting money. So the wow sticker is cool because the potential of every girl with boobs is the one that's giving you the prize. Right. It doesn't have to be someone that works here. Instead of one prize then giving out money, we have thousands and thousands of women that are willing to flash guys that have wow in their car. That's the beauty of it. And the only reason I bring it up on that stupid station is because they are very, very jealous of our bumper sticker campaign this fine season. Because let's face it, wherever you go, you're seeing wow. You're seeing wow. Yeah. That's it? It doesn't have to, you don't have to bump into anybody except a woman with boobs. They're giving away the prize. And just to put it in perspective, do you guys realize we ordered 150,000 brand new wow stickers? Yeah. Guess how many we have left? How many? Practically none. Really? We're going to have to order? Practically none. Well, I'm seeing them all over the place. We're putting another rush order in to get more stickers because this is how hot this damn wow thing is. And I've seen a bunch of people with the homemade versions. We love the homemade versions. Yeah. Still. Still. I'm very flattered when I see the homemade wows on the car. It's with not one beautiful day to get the wow on your car. So they can say whatever they want, but they're goddamn jealous of this radio station, our show, and our listeners that are just going nuts over this wow thing. Yeah. Get that wow off your car. Get the Z100 sticker on there. That'll get you something. We're paying you to listen to us. Z100. Speaking of ridiculous other radio station stuff, you see the new commercial with that small bone chick and then Terry Gar, the white FM I guess it is. I joke with Sandy about it all the time. It is the lamest. If you're a radio guy, that is the biggest embarrassment in the world. Yeah. See, Terry Gar sitting there with that small bone, I guess her name is. And she says, here's how easy it is to play the music and not talk some kind of happy horse crap like that. And she, the small bone reaches over and pushes a button, doesn't say a word, and folds her arms. That's her monkey ass job. And drugs. And she's like, that's all I do. That's all I do. That's it. So I guess she was getting pissed, and now there's an ad where she actually talks. But she's like, that was some crap, insert crap here. On white FM. And Terry Gar and her stuff. I swear to God, when you see her and Terry Gar sitting in those seats, all you want to do is bust in the studio and spray them with banana juice. I swear to God, I want to step on the console like a monkey in a cage and just spray them with banana juice. I'm over here now. I know, Dice. That's your line. We know. I could do the entire job with a dildo in my mouth. Can I say that? I'm over here now. I know, Dice. What's her name? I'm Valerie Smalldome. I can do this entire job with a dildo in my mouth. Because I don't have to talk. I just have to press buttons. Where's Terry Gar? Terry Gar, she was hot for ten minutes. What happened? Oh, she's old now. She's been around forever. She only needs one hand. I could fiddle myself and sing songs with a dildo in my mouth. All I need is one arm. Our guest DJ today, Christopher Reed. And we don't even have to do anything different to the studio. He's just got to roll up to the console. I'll do another visual impression. I love your visuals. Show to the people. That's good at the audio impressions, which is very important if you're doing a radio show. I'm good at visual stuff. This is my impression of Christopher Reed, DJing the show. And he has to hit commercials. And I need my seat lowered. It's a visual bed, of course. By the way, as we get ready for the visual impression, that's as low as it goes. Is there another seat? Give me a sticky seat. Where's the short chair? If you want to get one of these wow stickers, self-addressed stamped envelope, WNEW, 10th floor, 888 7th Avenue, New York, NY 10106, attention wow sticker. I think that address is on the WNEW website. My visual impression of Christopher Reed, DJing. And let's say it's light effect. Okay. Here he is. Better to go into a Celine song from spot. Okay. Wait, wait, wait. We need the Celine song. Okay. Where's the Celine song? You know, because like when the music ends, you know, the jock has to do the clever thing that you don't even notice at home. They're pushing the button in between songs and it's so smooth, so seamless, you don't even notice. That's how you're supposed to do it. So, Opie, we'll do Christopher Reed as the stand-in DJ for Valerie Smalltown. Here's Celine Dee on ending and Christopher Reed at light at the end. Opie's wheeled up to the board, chest high. All right. There's the song ending. And eyes moving back and forth, looking troubled. And dead end. He's just sitting there not. That is just horrible, man. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I guess Christopher Reed couldn't officially DJ later. Valerie Smalltown is better than Christopher Reed. That's what we're learning here because if the song ended, he still wouldn't be able to do anything. So you can push the button. I hear this now. His eyes are looking very distressed, very troubled that he can't hit the button. That's just horrible. Thank you. Valerie Smalltown. Thank you. I could ditto myself, have my hand on a big giant piece of man meat, have a ditto firmly in place in my mouth and still play the songs and get approval from Terry Gar. Well, this is the first making fun of my radio shows and other radio jacks and they don't belong to our company. God damn it, we're going to be in trouble. And before we end this break, if you ever see Anthony and I in dresses, advertising for our show on TV, please drive up to the station and shoot us in the back of the head. Oh, God. What is that? Scott and Todd. That is embarrassing. In dresses. How pathetic do you have to be that you're going to be dressed in drag on TV to promote your stupid radio show? It's not worth it. It's not worth it. Just strap on the frigging appliances and go at each other's butts. With the dress and then the big punch line is that they were just what, dreaming or something? I don't even know how it goes. And then one of them, Todd, is still wearing a dress. You can pretend you're dreaming, but you're on TV wearing dresses. Wearing dresses. And I hear that's like a big commercial all over the United States in different markets. Like the Flappy and Laffy Show in Phoenix does the same commercial. Yeah, for all you PLJ fans out there, if you are fans of their show, you're like, oh, wow, man, they're so creative. Look at their little TV commercial promoting their morning show. See, that commercial is done all over the country. It's just different jobs and different... It's a formula for a commercial. Different dresses. It tested very well in our research, so we have it in all different markets. We just can't do the same spot in overlapping markets. Got to discuss that and get another facelift. You're going to have a, you know what, hanging from his chin. A swan. I got a swan hanging from my chin. There's a swan. Look at this. I'm squeezing my sack on my neck. I'm like a big looster. Why do you need so many facelifts if you're on radio? I look like Foghorn Leghorn with a squirtle on my chin. Oh, brother. All right, man, we have to take a break. Yeah. We have a nice surprise for everyone right now. As Whip-A-Mot Wednesday continues, we got some clips from our road show from last Thursday, Anthony. Yeah. Some of the highlights were some of the guys performing their most offensive songs there. Yes. A lot of video clips. A lot of brand new video clips up on foundreamusic.com today. Steve got the clip of Steve Lynch doing FBA up there. It's hilarious. With the additional verses. Amazing. Absolutely hilarious. www.foundreamusic.com. Right. But right now, here's our buddy, our pal. He's a rock star. Fuel, live from our road show in front of about 2,000 people, singing a song you all know and love. Baby Raper. The other roommate thinks I'm kind of sick Because of where I lie, I can get my sick ass. And how I always talk about the day I met that little hottie John Benet, whose parents he's killer, by the way. I wish that they could somehow understand. This is hard. I'm just an average, ordinary man. But somehow they just can't seem to get. While Maggie Simpson always makes me what I do. Here it comes. Baby, baby, I'm a baby, baby. I'm a baby, baby, because I like chic littlebaker best. So breathe and love the good oldimanted I'm a baby wave, I'm a baby wave The young is scary, I always came to her school And I get my kids jumped out of my mommy's store When mommy turns away, I go for more I sing that song till the night gets too late As I whip the little things off their feet I'm a baby wave, I'm a baby wave The sweet and young, they're good enough to eat Baby wave, I'm a baby wave The young is scary, I always play so sweet Baby wave, I'm a baby wave The good enough to eat Baby wave, I'm a baby wave The young is scary, I always play so sweet The Young is scary, I always play so sweet I've been writing a new joke since 82 Why, you went to the Dice Show? Well, we hosted the Dice Show Ah, he gave us some time up there, Jeffrey I was with Don Barrett, one of his opening acts, at 3 in the morning, getting wasted And Jim Norton, did he go on too? Oh yeah, Jim Norton killed, Jim Norton killed He's a very funny, funny guy I was at Game 5 of the World Series You were there? Yeah Oh, awesome How was it? Yeah, it was really exciting, man, really cool It's exciting if you're a Yankee fan You know what, people hate hearing this, but I really love the Mets and the Yankees You're one of those guys I saw a playoff game at Yankee Stadium, I rooted for the Yankees I was in Shea last night, the Mets were down, I rooted for the Mets What's wrong with that? New York, New York, they named it twice You gotta commit to a team It's all about committing to a team for the Subway Series I would get pissed when I walked down the street and you see a star It says, go Yanks, and then in the other window, go Mets Go Mets, come on, make the choice Oh, we gotta talk to... Brewer owes me $1,000, by the way Yeah, is Brewer calling us today? I don't know, he was too drunk last night Yeah, Brewer called us really late He was in his box seats, that was weird, a chair No, he's in Montreal or something Oh yeah, he's in his box seats, that ticket We get back to the station at 12.30, after the Dice Show, after watching the rest of the game And we're just getting our stuff to go our own ways and stuff My phone rang and it's Brewer just hammered from Montreal talking about the Mets And he promised he would call us today, but I don't know what's going on with that We gotta bump you for a minute No, you can actually help us We gotta talk to the robot from Los Angeles Oh my God, maybe he can call us Is it the actual robot? No, it's the guy It's Bob May, everyone Bob, Bob May Hello there How you doing, Bob? Pretty good, who is this, Anthony? Both of us are here, Anthony and Opie All right, Opie Yeah Now you guys are coming over to see our show, I hope Oh, get the plug in right away You're damn right I'm not gonna fool around, you see, because my big friend is Big Kev Wait, wait, wait I mean, he's very good with all the stars in Hollywood Wait, I've just been informed you're not even a voice guy All right, now wait, let me explain everything You're just a guy that was in the robot No, I'm gone, listen to this I'm the actor who was the one that created the part I did all the dialogue with Jonathan Harris And in fact, there's some funny stories about Jonathan and I Oh dear, I bet Oh yes Oh, the pain Dear boy Now Opie, I want to hear a good... No, it's Anthony, I want to hear an imitation of Jonathan He was a dude Oh, that wasn't Jonathan Shut up, you bubble-headed booby That's Jonathan Now listen, no, the way it works very simply is our... You flattering clunt of collisionous junk Well, don't forget bubble-headed booby, please But I just said that Oh, that's well, never in fear, Smith was there Now, wait a minute, you did the trading, the little banter with Jonathan Harris All that on the soundstage and weeks later in post-production Our announcer would loop over the top of my line Oh, you're insane, man But you're not the guy Hey, don't shout with me, baby, I'm from New York, I did Broadway I want you to hear the robot What happened? Why can't we speak with the robot? All right, listen, guys Yeah I'm in Australia with our announcer We're doing a public appearance And we're on the radio station with this DJ And so Dick Tufelt, who was our announcer And I drove the poor DJ nuts because I said, warning, and he went, warning And the guy says, who the hell's doing this? So we did the whole show that way Hello, that was a joke Oh Hey, guys, why don't you just take time and... Can you just pass out some mic while we're on the studio? Where'd you find this guy? Hey, no, listen, you guys are big fans of Jonathan Oh, I thought he was He's a great guy And did you ever see him touch young William? Well, I saw him He was always grabbing him from behind, wow We were doing a scene one day where Jonathan had to polish the robot Yeah A thing he lost, it's dead Polished him So he was polishing the robot and I said, lower And he got lower and I said, lower He got even lower Finally, he dropped his hand lower and I turned right around to him and I said, I love you Hello, hello Hello Hello Hello Hello Wait, wait, Bob, I can't get past the fact that you're not the guy Yes, I am You're just the guy in the suit Were you actually in the suit? Yeah Now, are you a man of short stature? Yes, I am And how tall would you be? I am 5'6 Okay, and did you move it around in there? Yeah I did everything with it In fact, Irwin Allen allowed Jonathan Harris and myself to create our own character What's your claim to fame? I mean, you didn't even walk Oh, yes, I did Was it on a wheel thing? No, when it was in the full outfit, they pulled it with cables because the thing weighed 350 pounds They pulled it with cables And then sometimes I would carry the top section which weighed 250 pounds I would carry that on a parachute type harness And just when we thought we were a big deal, we're at the gun in front of 11,000 people Yeah This shows how pathetic we still are I thought it, we can't even get the guy that does the robot voice from Lawson Space Who's his agent? Forrest Lahn, how old is he? Who is the agent? William Morris, that's Forrest Lahn Ah, but the actual William Morris The real William Morris So, hey, what have you done lately? What have I done lately? Well, since Lawson Space, I did several Jerry Lewis films, of course Wow That'll get you a few laughs They're definitely Lawson Space Oh, I'm Lawson, you believe it What do you ask a guy that was just in a suit and didn't do the voice? Yeah You ever fart in the costume? No, but I'll tell you this Mark Gutted and Bill Mooney locked me in there for lunch Two things happened Number one, my wife knew where I was every moment And second of all, I had nothing else to do so I lit up a cigarette and I was smoking in her when I only came on the set I saw smoke coming out of it, went for the fire extinguisher And it came hair straight out, of course But from then on, any time smoke had to come out of the robot and it had to go to the garden You want a really uncomfortable radio? Yeah Let's just not say anything anymore until he hangs up Check it out with Mark Gutted All right, that's... Wow, what else can you tell us? What else can I tell you? Yeah, hey As a robot, you know, I have a great memory because my computer makes me focus on all different things So now I have a memory of you guys and I expect to see your asses out here at the convention If you're not out here, I'll send Dr. Smith to do what he's done to many of us Now, since you have such a busy schedule and dialogue is at a rarity I must go because I've got to get down to the fans But I really appreciate being on your show And I look forward to you coming out and being on mine All right, guys, and remember, if you want a star, get ahold of Big Kev Kev does it all Hey, guys, it's Big Kev I have never felt more like a Met my entire life My God I'd say something, ping pong balls, anything Whatever, Ben Hello? Hello? Hello? Oh, I am friggin' sweating, I'm cringing That is all not so much Now Big Kev's got to be like, no, this show, you know Sometimes it's just a wicked show A hundred times One time I put the right leg on backwards and I had to start over again and put the left leg on One time I was lost in Cleveland One time I was lost in New Jersey I've never been lost in Smith Not really However, there were actually two costumes I was lost in New Jersey I was lost in New Jersey I was lost in New Jersey I was lost in New Jersey Two costumes One, I would make for public appearances We had to do that same interview with the guys who were in the Star Wars suits It was like, what do you do when you have to go? Yeah, when the movie came out, the last movie came out, Star Wars 1 All the guys who were not in the most recent Star Wars movie were here Like Boba Fett The guy that was in R2-D2 The guy that played Darth Vader The Wookie And the Darth Vader guy Right And we didn't know what to ask him because all they were were the guys in the suits And it turned out he was only the Darth Vader one And the third one, like it wasn't even the first Darth Vader guy It was like the third one Interesting enough Interesting enough The suits today are fling retarded One time I was smoking a cigar In between takes In between takes It was episode number 72 Where we get lost in space And an ash smell on my leg Now these suits today, they're fling retarded But I lost a toe that day Irwin Allen came over to me and said where's your soul? The great Irwin Allen I was confused with Marty Allen, Steve Allen, Herb Allen, Paul Allen Burns and Allen Burns Allen Allen And I'm poor Allen Then he had to go well Well I gotta go I gotta go Wait don't piss that up, come on that was funny Kathy what's up? You guys are so mean Oh my god this guy has the littlest claim to fame And you totally killed him We thought we were getting the voice you know And do the voice, we thought we had the guy Oh my god that poor little old guy He's all upset and you guys are laughing And then he's trying to make it up by saying go see his show You guys are so mean Oh my god Shut up Kathy I want you to look in your ass Anyway it was pretty funny though listening to Judd's face But at the same time you guys are mean, why do you see it? Alright bye Who was Watson's face? It was, a lot of people saying that Hey Dan what's going on? Dan, get Big Tim back on the phone by the way Dan Yeah I wanna see what the aftermath of that debacle was Hello Dan you gone? Alright Well Bob made a guy that was in the robot suit So Big Kev is gonna have to kill a few more children and bury him in his basement To make up for the aggravation of that call Yeah I'll call you OP and you Anthony And I'm gonna kill you both Alright Pete what's up? Hey the actual robot would be funnier than that guy Well possibly yeah I resent that Anyway He'd be putting on that costume every day for 60 straight years How many times can you tell people how much it weighed and how many pieces it was in When I see these actors with a gin carry in a grinch costume It reminds me of the day that Everyone Allen and I were lost in On the Jersey turnbike going to this for car pickin' event I go And one more guy calls me another fuck And I go I go but you don't even walk in the costume Wow we had to pull you No you didn't Cable would drag him around And he'd just stand there silently So it's not even like body mannerism What about the arms they used to wave around When they would go warning warning warning And then he would talk like Hey warning warning hey Smith Wax me And then they'd have the guy over like Hey Dr. Smith please shine my armor But he'd be Classic I had 15 minutes of pain Unfortunately my face was covered You know why would you put yourself in that position People are going to show up and go wow do the voice Well I don't do the voice I was just in the suit You know every single person Every single person that goes there that wants to see the robot Is going to ask him to do the voice And I'd do the voice But the costume weighed 500 pounds And it was pulled by a cable system One time I was smoking They didn't even trust me to walk They had to pull me with a cable No one would pull me Today Al and Chewbacca They don't know what it was like Actors strike my ass Byron Allen Debbie Allen Allen from Scooby Doo Wow Man that was so uncomfortable Hey Jeffrey Ross in the studio Alright let's take a break we'll be back Give us a call 212757 1027 You people never cease to amaze me Opie and Anthony That's the dance It's a stupid radio show relax Wonderful and marvellous it's like a juvie and more porn Best quality radio Man straight 1027 W-A-W The Opie and Anthony Show It's not like that Opie I am stupid I am stupid It's not like that Opie and Anthony It's not like that Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony It's all going to make me lose my mind Puffin' hair Puffin' hair They are clumped Jackass Jackass W-A-W Well what's up Anthony? Hey man The Opie and Anthony Show Yes it is It's a great day Anthony Beautiful day Let's just run down the top 10 sports films of all time according to USA 10th place Raging Bull 9th place Anthony Flapshot That should have been higher on the list Raging Bull should have been higher on the list I think 8th place Charity of Fire 17th place Raging Bull 17th place Raging Bull 7th place Charity of Fire 7th place Caddy Shack Top 10 sports films of all time according to USA Number 6 Brian Sarr Who could sit through that? Number 5 Bull Dorm Number 4 Rocky Anthony Rocky should be number one Yeah I agree I got a bad paper I just squat over it and take a dump And I'll be on the music And you can clap out your Biggie clap out your biggie Ahhhh Wasn't that written somewhere in some horse book? We interviewed the horse from that book And they claim according to their book That Rocky was into Watching girls crap on A glass table while he was under it But you know what's better than maybe laying under You the table you know And like watching his f***er open up And you dump it on me Open up all your big Open up my biggie Ahhhh Come on baby What's this? Open up and see what I've got on the glass table Come on baby That's how I like it, sloppy Ahhhh I didn't start it You started it Yeah, look at that Oh look at that, there's some corn in there Look at that I see Oh look I see some peanuts Biggie She ate peanuts Biggie Ahhhh You know they give us Plugs over the table like that you're hoping That it's a nice sloppy dump You know you don't want anything Just as it goes Ahhhh Oh that's a little dry Ahhhh Ahhhh Ahhhh Ahhhh Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha ha You know I don't know where Adrian went, Adrian must have left the building But hey Paulie Paulie get over here Try to get the table Paulie Paulie try to get the table Ahhhh Paulie Give me Paulie Ahhhh Keep my ass Paulie Ahhhh Ahhhh Hey Paulie where you going Now who's going to start over the table Hell yeah Hey Mickey Mickey come on over here, start on the table Mickey Oh Mickey Oh no look it's first blood Mickey you're too fast blood Not me, I just started I just started Ahhhh Mickey, Mickey get over the table Mickey Now you're full of crab now Ha ha ha Oh god Okay where's my check Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Oh wait Ahhhh Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Hey Hey hey Cuddle Grab on me cuddle Ha ha ha Ahhhh Oh That's wonderful Ahhhh Okay terrific Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Hey Okay Okay horrific Ha ha ha Ha ha ha That's what they said According to that book, the book that the whore wrote That Rocky Silvestre Stallone actually enjoys that A lot of him to the table We have a brand new glass table here In front of a living couch at N.E.W.I. How long do you think it's going to take Before we have that little happening We promise before we get fired that we'll make that happen Someone's doing a Cleveland Steamer on the glass table I love it Hey good boy You're out of the table Listen to the whizzies Come on baby Come on baby I just want you I'm going to hold you For a week's day I want you to eat nothing but prunes And baby food Before you get hungry Hey You whore You whore You whore Open it up and step on it And it's time to Kill the whore Hey Ha ha ha Hey Ha ha ha Hey Ha ha ha Yeah he's got to enjoy that Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Hey You never know where This cluster has gotten In a given moment Remember kids, fun equals funny Okay, we're ready Oh we were at number four Ha ha ha This has been such a mess of a radio show today Why not, I'm having fun What the hell I guess we were at the top five Top five sports films of all time according to USA Well we set five Bulldorm Yeah but that was about 20 minutes ago Alright it was Bulldorm in fifth place Fourth place Rocky Third place The Natural Yeah Third place The Natural The Natural Movement I like The Natural Ha ha ha You know he's got the natural You don't need no tailpens That's tough, it just comes up I think it's a diet Yeah I did! God love you! Oh Okay Ha ha ha Virgo Okay Okay terrific Yeah okay terrific, you too Alright in second place Field of Dreams Yeah And first place top of sports film of all time according to USA Hoosiers Hoosiers Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Yeah believe it or not we're in our thirties Ha ha ha You got that right All the guys that went to high school with They got real jobs They have to wear suits every day John what's going on Hey I just basically Cracked myself in the car with that Rocky episode Ha ha ha Unbelievable I've never You guys just went through an all time High An all time high That was just great I just wanted to say you guys sucked You did a good work Alright John John enjoyed that Oh do I need a drink Yeah let's take a break Anthony We have no clue what we're doing next But if you want to stick around I'll mean do so Ha ha ha O.B. and Anthony Want to lose them W.N.E.W In theaters now the Brady Bunch movies That's right it's so believable That's crazy Brady I'm coming I'm coming I'm coming I'm coming Oh no You're not Dan I'm coming I'm coming Oh congratulations honey Oh thank you It's kind of like a car wreck on the highway You're going to have to turn a fantasy What the hell these idiots are doing next O.B. and Anthony We refuse to be responsible We refuse to be responsible One oh two N.E.W N.E.W O.B. and Anthony This is a God given talent To be the stupid And this funny and this FUNNY Tom Brokaw sorry This guy I believe Is thicker than Norton Tom Brokaw? I think he is Secretly you think he's thicker than Norton A lot of people think Tom Brokaw is just This very respectable news guy Which I guess he is You know he gets on there he puts on the face He can read the cue cards tell a prop And uh Nevermind Nevermind And uh he knows how to do the news But um I think secretly He's a pervert And I think this story kind of Scratches the surface Of what he's all about The headline reads Tom Brokaw Sected by T.V. Yeah conservative anchorman Tom Brokaw came on Like any other horny section of the city Fan when he stopped star Kristen Davis Who plays Charlotte on the New York Street and uh just about how Hot she is on the show He's telling girls that they're hot Tom Brokaw Tom even discussed story lines And told her she should have Stayed with that gardener he seduced Yeah Kristen admits she was Surprised because she thought like millions Of us that Tom had shipped a stuffy old Square But she did just scratch the surface I think much like He's a lot like uh Jim Norton Yeah he's uh He's a section of the city fan Tom Brokaw Came to the city nightly And that was That's when the city star Kristen Davis And uh she of course played Charlotte on the show Charlotte Yeah she's more of a Poodie one I personally Like Samantha I told her that she's a real Whore bag And of course Harry played like Harry's into Parker And the long way storyline I always wanted to see what it was like for Ruth Buzzy to have sex Hey it's okay Tom Brokaw said that That's not opening up But that's what's great I think it needs a little more anal And I told her that Tom Brokaw you might not You might think of me as a Pood and an old Stuffy but I like some Backdoor action Tom Brokaw and the city nightly And it is It's really great I like episodes where they talk about You know once Me and Katie Couric Do you remember New Year's Eve and Times Square With me and Katie Couric You know when that ball went down So did Katie It was quite a night for me and Tom Brokaw She likes that funky tasting sponge I gotta be honest with you One time me and Katie were driving back From a local location Yeah and she had Her head under the steering wheel And I was sipping urine From champagne glasses And that kind of guy But then I was poking her butt And the whole up coming Was water shot swimming And the whole rest of the drive home Was felt as me with my head out the window Just thinking of it was making me a little lose Mr. Brokaw? You sound really out of it today I'm tired it was a night of animal nitrate Ecstasy and buttfist At the rave party I went to People think I'm square but I rave with the goth All night I love those goth kicks They could chew up a crotch rocket Like no other Oof my crotch Smells like an alley Okay okay I like being Eerie tonight I'm Brokaw and it is being nightly Naked So from Sex on the City I have I ought to be a character They all have a square Newsman character where they all Separately have sex with them Not on a show I'm talking real life come on over I can be Mr. Big You know Mr. Big? I could be hey Tom Brokaw is packing Some meat in his pants I gotta be honest with you Tom Brokaw everything I only need is I was busted on a teen Voyer bus I got away with some of my connections I was having anal With one of the voyer bus Girls in the shower when the police came Smoking some AK-47 I love that stuff I got got got Tom we're very surprised that you didn't cover The teen voyer bus I covered I was escaping with my career All I could do Was reach under the couch and take Mark's stash of AK-47 Later I smoked A big fatty with Tristan Davis I'm a big fan of Sex on the City I'm a big fan of Sex anywhere I swear to God I was watching a show On HBO the other night What was it called? Queers Folk I didn't even care they were men As long as it was death I was spanking out a few bastards Fabulous I even liked Cosmo Caller Even this song is getting me all hoarse I just believe I think it's Sarah Jessica Parker Naked Look, wait a minute I think I'm stretched Tom Brogaard Spanking out a bag What's wrong? Everyone thinks I'm just a custer Why can't a guy like Tom Brogaard Say things like Fuck it bitch Tom Brogaard Tom Brogaard NBC Nightly News The Westinger vote Who cares? Give me some bitch to suck it I've been up all night Miranda's hot And she put two fingers in my naughty spot There's nothing wrong with that It's not being gay or anything You've got some funky tits Yes I do You're just a hot bitch You're a horny bitch I'm a NBC Nightly News Samantha, suck it Fuck it You've got a regular Montana contract There we go I love this show I was fucking storylines And perspective storylines for the girl I'd like to see some I don't know Some good old fashioned BJs Why can't they show it on the show? It's HBO Just show it I love Big Pussy, too bad he's dead That's another great show I heard Big Pussy I thought it was from Sex and the City, one of my favorites I love this stuff I stayed up last night Watching a way up the stairs I had to get up I'm going to say K-47 I want to say Take a look You're a filthy whore You are a kid toucher Cancel all newscasts I love queerest folks Thank you Mr. Broken Jaw Did I mention queerest folks? Oh Mr. Broken Jaw was talking about queerest folks I love queerest folks You do? One of my favorites I'm queerest folks I love it Any show with gay young men having sex Hey Hey I love it I got some buggy tasting plunks Tough stuff with rhyming Talk like I have a mouth full of something All the talk is playing out of my mouth Queerest folks want to Mow Tough stuff with rhyming Even as a kid watching the Ghost in Mrs. Muir You knew that guy was the fag The faggiest We never even saw him on that That Ghost in Mrs. Muir What was the game show he was always on? It was on Nightshade 2 Nightshade bow bow They answer the penis I don't care Fill in the blank penis Fill in my blank bow The Ghost in Mrs. Muir I was a gay woman She was in love with this Ghost Charles Nelson Riley was just A personal friend of hers Never tried to hit on her or anything He was even a fag on the shelf A Ghost I've never had Ghost play in a smile Gay Marco Hey Do you like Charles Nelson Riley, Gay Marco? He used to think he was gay Marco's calling me gay I'm terminal fag You cannot get any more fags If you ask somebody how much more fags did you get The answer would be none, none more fags Bowel I love final bowels What's up Marco? Well I'm calling to see if you watch Queer as Folk Queer as Folk We missed that one It was fabulous, it was so fabulous Did you like it? The sex scenes were so graphic Come on, son of a b***, go play bowl At 50 minutes into it They actually had a lesbian scene That's disgusting I hate women, lol If any straight man was watching this He would not make it to that point Because there was so much gay sex going on They were doing it in bathrooms They were doing it in bars They were doing it everywhere Was this your life story, Marco? I could really relate to it Every character, it's about five guys living in Pittsburgh It's so unbelievable because they're all gorgeous Marco, is it true that when gay men watch this They gotta put windshield wipers on their television Bowel Did your TV look like your food glaze donuts at it, lol I was at this faggots party in Chelsea I didn't get food to my television, lol Ten minutes before the show I'm walking down Staten Island Avenue There's not a soul on the street Everybody's at home watching Queer as Folk Everyone's having anal, lol I actually got my boyfriend on all fours I'm just watching it back That's the best thing You must live in Chelsea, Marco No, I live in the island But my new boyfriend, Glenn, is a hottie He's a hottie whittie He had a little party Why do you have to talk about your new boyfriend He's so cute So anyways, you missed the lesbian scene I read hottie whitties because The kid marks are also white They don't say white You have to get a copy I was like screaming, oh my god Turn it off, turn it off You're not invited It's nothing for me Yeah, boys and men both And you know Women, let me tell you If all of a sudden you turn on your TV Sunday You have show time, all of a sudden Where does this come from? Let me tell you something Your boyfriend or husband, he's gay Are you really telling everyone You're bisexual now just because you had a little peach Of course Bisexual, butt and mouth That's like me Gay men find that very, very attractive So what's up with this queer folk thing? It was just Groundbreaking television, I can't tell you Ass breaking, no That too, yes Tell us about the first sex scene, J. Marco Lots of anal sex going on In a bar The first scene, hanging sex in a bar I was like, oh my god, it was teen I was like, oh my god, it was teen I was like, oh my god, it was teen I was over him flashbacks In 1981 In Geneseo, oh my god Easy Easy J. Marco, you're a Geneseo Easy, Mr. Obscure reference Actually, I was a Geneseo Easy That was a few years before me Thank god Clear as balls You bastard Is this going to be on every week? Every week This Sunday they had double episodes To kind of like draw you in Draw you into your butt, Marco The first hour was kind of lame But it kind of kicked up towards the second half And then this came out every Sunday At 10 o'clock, I'm so excited Did you get my postcards? I sent you queer folk postcards Oh, nice I can't wait They were in your email, they probably got deleted Somehow It was to make sure to tune in to watch queer folk It was groundbreaking gay TV Oh, gay TV Oh, man Fabulous Did a bunch of you guys get together And kind of watch it together? Yes, we all got together We had cosmopolitan Of course, homo drink Cosmopolitan They all sat around because what we did We had a circle church party And the last one to finish before they got done was Sheldon slave Were you guys all wearing bathrobes and drinking little cosmopolitan? No, please I was wearing short shorts And I was a taller I got confused with another bunch of guys Sorry You're my queerest folk Alright, Marco Nice to meet you Did you all pinch your helmet while watching this damn show? Oh, my God I tell you, the sex scenes were so graphic And these guys who were supposed to be in the show They were supposed to be straight? Yeah, right I mean, they were like really getting into it Wasn't Hal Sparks one of the actors or something? Yes And he played this gay guy Who works at like Kmart And everybody thinks he's straight I could so relate to that character, that's like me Who thinks you're straight? I'm like people thinking I'm straight Everybody at work thinks I'm straight And I'm like, you know, I could so relate to this character It was heartbreaking I can relate too And it's actually 10 So I'm getting such a big red hole And then there was this Then there was a teen, a 17 year old boy Oh, stop it You get me so hot, Marco Talking about being gay And he comes out And meets this guy And they have sex, oh, it was just sex, sex, sex, sex You're such a fag If anybody comes into the show, they think that being gay is all about sex What is it? What is it about? You're not having sex, you're not being gay No, I get you right Alright, Marco You want to plug anything? Maybe my hole, if I come Thank you, Marco Remember, you're bisexual now I'm bisexual People always saying that Gay doesn't always have to be about sex I tried to put my voice on that But I had my mouth full Frank, what's going on? Hey, listen, I had a call I'm sitting here listening This guy says everyone that he works with thinks he's straight Where does he work? At the Helen Keller Institute? Old people who dump someone blind? This guy is screaming Violate my heiny This guy has Probably no electricity back there anymore It just falls out I heard Wendy Fawcett sound like Frank, phone call today, very good Thank you Oh look, you're coming to that point with a special shoe You should have bought the strawberry shortcake I always say something like that Good luck with your junior year My good humor, man Free ice cream He gave me a chocolate eclair I mean, he gave me a chocolate eclair The Don and Mike show Weeknight WNEW Powered by Opie and Anthony Owned by Infinity Broadcasting This is 1027 WNEW This is the new North You are listening to Opie and Anthony 1027 2127571027 It's the old H The bunch of ladies on hold, they want to play What's in My Dance And they look like African princesses Yeah, it's good, we've never done this before I want to hear what the different in the sound is We'll talk to them in a sec, have you got something? Yeah, you know that contest I guess M&M's is running If you open up M&M's and there's various colors in there that aren't the normal M&M colors You could win a million bucks This thing's an inmate At the Purgatory Correctional Facility In Utah 41 You got this bag of M&M's for helping out with the chores That prison must really suck There you go, you're going to mop up inmate crap from the toilet And here's a bag of M&M's for you You got the M&M's from the vending machine, Anthony On the way back to his cell, I guess No, they actually One of the guards gave it to him For doing such a good job Cleaning up They gave him a little bag of M&M's Cleaning up what? Yeah, I know So he opens it up and he sees all kinds of different colors that he's not used to And the other inmates See, I wouldn't have known that, I'd have eaten them, right? The other inmates are like, oh, I think you won a million bucks That's the contest Because he saw blue ones and the yellow ones The colors that aren't part of the M&M's And it's a fix up the mix up contest It's a fix up contest or something like that So it said he's a first prize winner And the prize The big prize is a million dollars So there you go, first prize winner Right That means I won a million dollars So there's a little bit of an outrage that a guy in prison Is winning the million dollar M&M prize But it turns out, Opie That first prize is first prize He did not win the grand prize Which is a million dollars Wouldn't the grand prize be first prize? No, it must be like first runner up Oh, okay You know, first prize Is not grand prize, grand prize is a million dollars So you gotta think first prize It's gotta be pretty good, right? It's a free 16 ounce bag M&M Free bag M&M That rocks Yeah, so he didn't win, he won a free bag of M&M Thinking he got a million bucks And he got a bag of M&M That's too bad Mother effort That's kinda like thinking you won a hundred grand Anthony And it turns out to be a candy bar Yeah, yeah Hey Hey, hey Hey, hey Hey, hey I'm gonna buy a truck I got a piece of stock for a truck I'm gonna get a new one I'm gonna get a new truck I'm gonna get a new truck How you gonna do that with a tenable? What? How am I gonna play the damn thing? It's quick, I love it It's along the same line This guy must have been like damn The guy by the way is only serving one year For attempted possession Of methamphetamine What is that? Attempted possession, I grabbed for it I didn't reach it and they arrested me Attempted possession I'm not trying to buy it But attempted possession You attempted to possess Don't you have to have the drugs on you? I guess not You can get arrested for conspiracy To deal Like say you're in a bar and somebody comes up to you and goes hey you know where I can get some blow? And you go um I think that guy in the corner And they go Just off the hand you just go I think that guy in the corner gets them And he goes over and gets some blow off of that You get arrested for conspiracy You're asked? I know someone that happened to It's just he pointed to somebody In the bar I think we've all been asked too where can I get some blow You just shut your mouth man I don't know Arrested for conspiracy Alright Anthony here's our 100 grand prank call Okay? Right Hey it's Craig from Wolfamp Hey Craig guess what Did I win? You are the 100th call No way What? 107 107th call congratulations Oh my god You just won 100 grand bro Oh Jesus you know what I'm gonna do with that? What are you gonna do with 100 grand? The first thing I have this old I cannot Calm down calm yourself I am the winner What are you gonna do with 100 grand? I got this shit I'm gonna get a new one Oh that's Wait how are you gonna do that with the candy bar? What? How are you gonna do that with a candy bar? We just gave you a 100 grand candy bar What do you mean? We gave away 100 grand It's a candy bar bro congratulations What? You just won a candy bar Hey what the fuck you've been saying I've been listening to the radio For like 3 hours man you've got 100 grand You're gonna get a new candy bar Oh you're gonna get a new candy bar Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh yeah we Pulled my little prank on Somebody Let's go to Amanda Amanda yeah what's up? Hey nice to meet you Oh yeah your sister We can tell by the voice We've played this game many times in the past We don't feel like playing today so don't challenge us But we can just help in the voice There's a certain dialect that The people of African descent have It's just like anything else If you see like a lot of people in the Jewish community you can tell By the way they talk that they're Jewish It's just the way Italians You go to Brooklyn and you start talking in Italian You're not gonna know he's Italian by the way he's talking Oh my huh What are you talking about? Hey where's my eye rock How you doing? It's coming out It's nothing bad Some people would have you believe that that's bad To even say it It's just the way it is We've played this game in the past we're like 90% correct I'm guessing Nationality by just the voice So what kind of Sister are you Amanda? I am I'm a mutt who's in college You're a mutt That's the best way to play it What's your background? My mom's side comes from Europe for the most part There's a lot of French but my dad's side is mostly Haitian So you are a mulatto? Yeah We want dark I want right on Right from Nigeria If we're gonna play What's in My Pants With a Sister we want dark How dark are you? Cafe Latte? Yeah We're looking for like black coffee I know black coffee I want a girl that like You see on the Discovery Channel That type of African woman We're looking right off the boat We're looking for grape soda I'm talking real Yeah I think we're gonna let you go I'm not talking that dark enough Thank you for Calling up the show today You know the shows that you watch on Discovery With the guys that wear the big cones The big carrot sticks on their shweens They hunt monkeys Yeah And the women are walking around and they're like Making the soup out of grubs And they're like nursing A kid They're weaving things It flies all over Sure That's it If you have ancestors That still you know use To communicate That's what we're looking for today Guess what's in my pants right Anthony? Yeah Let's see if Elizabeth qualifies Nice Unfortunately I don't Really? Why? How dark are you? I'm like a caramel We're looking for Florida Evans No I'm a Jamaican girl Esther Rolls I'm Jamaican caramel Wow that's hot though Are we going hot or dark? We gotta go the whole route You started out you were black Now you're off the boat What are you doing? Hold on let's see if anyone's darker than you on the line I want Amistad I'm talking dark We're talking Manu Paul Mickey Red, Mickey Rivers That type of dark Look how dark Tracy is Hello What's up O&A? I'm Helen You sound dark Yeah I'm the black coffee you've been looking for Ah yeah Tell us a little bit about yourself Well I'm 34 24, 36 You got that in Yes I do Baby got back Yes she does How dark are you? I'm not so dark I'm dark complexion I'm not like that model She's black What about the hair on your head? I have straight hair Is it natural or are you processed? It's processed baby you know What happens when you don't do any process? Well I get my hair done like once every week You look like a kiddie No No You don't get like nasty but it gets like curly Yeah So you sound dark I put some coffee in your cream Ah Hold on Tracy Let me just try Londra There's some possibilities here Londra Hey How you doing? Hi How the hell you get a name Londra? That's my parents I don't know I gotta do the laundry today You guys got some fun names Yeah I'm thick I'm what you're looking for How dark are you? Almost like a liquor stick Whoa that's alright It's about Alright so we got black liquorice Anthony Yeah that's good that's what we were looking for Alright give us a visual What do you look like? I'm about 125 5'6 and long black hair 5'6 What do you got the weave in? Yeah you could say it's glued on baby Glued on What does your natural hair look like? My natural hair? You don't want to know Why aren't you proud of your natural hair? Shut it up okay You live in America Oh wow Be proud of your nappy hair my sister Rise up my sister and be proud I am proud Yeah but you cover up your hair with that weave Cause I don't do that You know you were just trying to look better for the white devil I've been watching the cable actors at the Brooklyn thing Yeah those guys are on the show I was a star in it you see Oh really? Yeah Alright Anne do you want Laundry to play What's in My Pants? Absolutely Alright Laundry are you ready to play What's in My Pants? Yes I am Alright you're going to pull down your pants and do what we say right? Yeah Barry is kind of laughing at me That's alright hold on we've got to get the theme song on the radio Okay This can't go on now If you play hate yeah what's in my pants If you play hate If you play hate If you play hate If you play hate yeah what's in my pants Come on Come on Do what he says Do what he says Yeah The African version of Guess What's in My Pants With the lovely Lanza Hopey we are going to have to change Some of the selections What are the What are the regular selections for What's in My Pants? Okay we have the triangle We have the mohawk We have the Hitler mustache And we have the wood floor Wood floor sure So now we're going to change these the triangle Is now going to be The Don King The Don King? The big Don King I was thinking more like Oscar Gable Oh yeah? You know when Oscar Gable would put his Yankee hat on And the hair would fly out the side? Oh okay this is open for discussion We could have the Oscar Gable I think we all had that baseball card when we were young Oscar Gable he would try to get that Yankee hat on The afro would be flying up the sides of the helmet I'm thinking if a girl is really You know hairy That could be flying up the sides of her You know So let's go with the Oscar Gable I hate to you know The triangle Okay the Don King is out Now we need for the Mohawk Mr. T could be the mohawk Yeah I think that's close enough Mr. T is the mohawk I've got one for the wood flooring Do you have a suggestion? Well there are a few There's the Michael Jordan Or the Shaft I'm just thinking of staying on the same line As the wood floor so I'm thinking The black top Black top Very good Black top very smooth Okay Now we just need something for the Hitler mustache We could do Billy D Williams mustache Ah the pencil Got that little pencil thing going That's good Quite a Hitler mustache but that could work Someone suggested the Clyde Frazier The Clyde Frazier That's pretty good He has some wacky styles going on In the 70s No whatever you want to do for the Hitler mustache No one really has a good Hitler mustache The Montell Williams Mustache Kind of like a little Hitler mustache Kind of that marine mustache thing you've got going We're just not hitting it man We can't play until we get the Hitler mustache equivalent Well do we have the rest? The basic triangle is now the Oscar Gable The Mohawk is the Mr. T Okay And for wood floor it is black top But we cannot find the equivalent of the Hitler mustache Or just that tiny little strip Yeah I hate when we're stumped That's a tough one This is not really anybody That has that style Oh the little Richard That's a tough one That's a tough one That's a tough one That's a tough one That has that style Oh the little Richard Yeah the little Richard That's good We can play a little Pete from Queens thank you We are taking the little Richard The Hitler mustache That's not bad at all Alright Wooo I can't believe it Wooo There you go I don't know why this is the most interactive radio show in America Look at that Pete just helped us out from Queens Thank you Alright Londra It is time finally to play What's in My Pants The Shirley Handful I have a good one What? Don't tell us what you have Okay so let's get the pants off Or down Get that phone ready You're unzipping those pants? Yeah You gotta let us know what's going on because this is radio Alright I'm opening the button and I'm zipping down my pants now What kind of panties you got on? Bikini Wooo A bikini Yeah a bikini light special A blue light special A blue light special Yeah you could say Alright are you down to your panties? Yeah I'm ready You guys ready? Where's the panties? You want me to rub it on my panties? I don't want to get on my panties Who needs to do this? No we're just making sure the panties are off They're down Alright they're down Alright you're ready Alright Londra The way we play You will rub the phone on your most intimate of areas as per our instructions Then we will guess what you have in your pants The Oscar Gamble, the Mr. T, the Little Richard or the Black Top Once all of us have decided and we ask you You will then reveal what you indeed do have in your pants Then the first ever African Princess Guess what's in my pants Okay Londra if you would please rub In an up and down motion On your most intimate Alright Alright Mmm Alright now Side to side Okay Mmm I might need that again I need the side to side a couple more times One more time Mmm Interesting, interesting Okay now Londra if you would In a circular motion, very slow Okay Mmm What are you thinking Oph? That just tricked me This is tough Okay Mmm Alright who wants to go first? I'll go first Ophie will go first, remember Londra don't reveal this until we are all done and we ask you Alright You heard the Sounds though, would you like anything repeated maybe? I need the side to side I'll say the side to side Londra if you would please the side to side I don't even want you to get me all left out Alright Mmm Okay I got it Alright Ophie, Anthony I'm going to go with Don't say what it is Londra until we are done I'm going to go with the Oscar Gamble Okay Alright Alright I guess I'm up huh? Yeah Alright side to side is very tricky I'm torn, I'm very torn Here but I am going to go With the Mr. K Going with the Mr. K Which would be the Mohawk Yeah, yeah Let's get Ricky in on the game Umm I think I'm going to I think I'm going to go with Little Richard Wow we have a split decision here Interesting, no one thinking The black top which it very well could be Also because I was kind of drifting That way a little bit but uh Alright Ophie is saying Oscar Gamble, I am saying the Mr. T And Rick is Saying the Little Richard Londra if you would please tell us what is In your pants Okay, well I would call it a velcro pants Straight down the middle Straight down the middle? Would that be the equivalent of a Mohawk Or a Mr. T? Mr. T I was Side to side I was hearing some Inconsistency The velcro patch Yeah I was hearing a little bit of A different sound that it would Skate over when it hit the Velcro patches But she has a Mr. T Great, that's Wonderful In the first ever African Princess Guess What's in My Pants, Londra Thank you so much Alright, alright guys No, no, no No, no I got it from an e-girl He's playing He's playing He's playing He's playing What he's saying What he's saying Hey Londra We want to give you something for playing Okay I don't know what the white man has Hold on the line, okay? Alright, Londra The lovely Londra The first African Princess to help us Out with I guess what's in your pants Game That was awesome, I like it Someone is suggesting the next time we play we should name the Hitland mustache the Ethiopian That's bad I'm Pity the Paul Fool Try to get in his vagina The Mr. T Congratulations, Ant Thanks, I was very torn I thought also it was going to be What you said The Oscar gamble Why don't we take a break, Anthony? I would love to play the same game With a bunch of Asian ladies Thank you, Lee Clark The Moe The Moe Howard And the Pete Rose We'll do the Asian version one of these days, okay? Okay, I'm Anthony 1027 WNEW Oh my god, I feel so good I want I want I want Oh my god I want I feel so good Just roll them around They're so fun Don't move I'm going to get to a power OP and Anthony show. The secret of such a beautiful having six then. This could help us continue being number one, right? Yeah! OP! Give it up for one of these WNEW. I feel stupid, oh so stupid. I feel stupid and dumb and dumb. OP and Anthony. We've got a smile on our face and a head up our ass. 1027 WNEW. Yeah. Here we are! I mean just because a brother man smoked a little weed on the corner here Ned, something with his buddies, you gonna arrest him for that? Come on! Right. Yes, yes. Anybody know who that baby is? What? Smack! Well it's the OP and Anthony show. Yes, the extravaganza that is the OP and Anthony show. We don't even know where to begin today. 212-757-1027. So let's just come on into this. What's up man? What's up Hammer? Hammer, are we hanging or what? Hey, take your shirt off. Never mind you did it, get it? Yeah, we're hanging. Yes we are. 435. What have you been up to Jim? Since the last time we saw you. Get fat. Right. Every day I'm trying to like my local ice cream store. We got all these pints of mint. You got them crunchy things like Carvalho? Let me get some of that. Let's go mint! What are you sweating at? Come on! How is that a sweat? You're gonna rape the baby. Beep, shut up please. I can't watch a meth game without relaxing. I was working, I was writing today. He's that guy. You know how hard it is to fit in pink, man? He's hardcore in that sense. Hardcore. I hate Clemens. Who doesn't? We all hate Clemens. That's the Yankees fan in him. I can't stand him. Jay gave the Yankees fan. We'll get him in here, we'll talk about that. I'm so pissed that he got a ring with the Yankees. You gotta be embarrassed to have that guy in your seat. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, you're right. What a fairy. What are you gonna say? I'll see if you can do that again. My Piazza needs another bean ball. I need you to get it out of my face. I want a ring. No, no, no, no. Piazza's gonna be like, quirky. He's getting beans in the head. No wonder he can't throw the second. Not for nothing though. Mike should play six for nine. Just go ape wild one day. Yeah. That's when he'll get seriously spi... Like if he came back, he should have just showed up at Yankee Stadium, milling games, while the meth starts shaking. Right through the club. Where is he? Where is he? Stupid fairy. Back up, Gina. Now. Pretty boy, back up. Back to Epma. Yeah. No more bean in me and the head. Yeah, he's gonna be like Muhammad Ali. Step up, Epma. Decom Fogon. Yeah, I'll fumigate my house with Decom Fogon. That is the end of the Ali's functional period. You know, after... And you remember him as being like, I am the greatest. I'm gonna take him down. This is gonna be another. That's what they call me. And then, and then you can hear him on the bike, it's a pop to the head. And then you see him, Decom Fogon. Fumigate your house, get rid of those shoes with Decom Fogon. And now he's just like, slow as I can, and cinder block, and sting like foam rubber. I guess, where's Smolder and Joe Frazier? And you're from the Muhammad Ali slow cooking grill. Phone Ranger hits a guy next to him. Bring! Bugs out, a little punchy. Hey, come on, man. That poor guy. That damn ropedobe did me in. What a strategy. I'll sit here and just have him punch me about the face until he gets high, and then I'll beat the crap out of him. Bring! Ali pulling the ropedobe once again. Come here! Come here, come here. And now you see him, they just kind of prop him up in advance. He's waving a little bit. Hey, how you doing? He's helping his daughter with her fighting. With her fighting so she can be a blithering idiot when she gets older. I don't get it. It is very sad. He's sparring with his daughter. Sparring with me, honey. I do want you to learn from me the greatest, baby. Because you get... Ow! Oh! Oh, okay. You're doing fine, honey. Try a couple of them body builds. Hold that. Oh, don't hit. Oh, I didn't see the face, baby. What are you doing there, sweetheart? Come to papa. Come to papa. Oh, look at that. You're punching your daddy in the face. Here. Deco. Oh, oh, oh. Fall down. Yeah. All right, now papa's going to turn one on you. You don't want to see your father. I made the retail box. It's still funny. I've been fumigated. The rain still check out and they never check back in. It's over. It's over, Johnny. Poor son of a bitch, man. You're passing out the whistle balls. That's not a good sign. Oh, I get a Piazza poster. Oh, we got a Piazza poster against the wall? No, I didn't. You got to hit him in the head. Why are you throwing balls at my Piazza? Rick hit him right in the noggin. That's because he's a Yankee fan. But why is Brewer throwing balls at my Piazza? And look at that. And Piazza just like you. You notice if you watch correctly and throw it wild, it's going into the Yankee dugout. And just like the real Piazza, he won't rush the mound at you. So don't worry. It's just a poster. He's a poster. Does he fall down and hit the ground? Oh, man. That poor son of a bitch. Hot. It's my Piazza, but you can't ball go. All right. Oh, that was nice. Stop hitting Piazza, man. It's the Clemens game. Yeah. There you go. Be Roger Clemens. Be the rocket. Piazza, very nice, Rick. It's a little carnival game we have set up. Oh. Easy. Whoa. I knew they were going to score the other team up. Well, they were like older. Yeah. They don't play like they're scary, man. If you know they're taking from that bad eight-old school, they're going to hit you every day. They're going to hit you every day. Come on, guys. It's just a game. All righty, on the bench. I sucked in Little League. I was too scared to get in the batter's box. Yeah, that's a scary thing, man. When you're 12 years old. I'm just brushing him back a little bit. Brushing him back. I can't hit this. Just strike me out. I'm not even going to try because I'm out of the box by five feet. I was afraid of you. I was the guy that got one hit all season and the whole place went nuts because I finally got a hit. I was that guy. How come you got three chances, Opie? Take your time. There you go. Nice hustle. Yeah, and the ump was keeping it. The ump would keep staying closer to the plate, closer to the plate. I'm like, no. I'm like way out of the box. I'm just going to go like this. And I can't see your face. I'm like, oh, God. Walk your feet today, Opie. Walk your feet today, now. I was that guy. I was right field guy. Holy little league. You hit it to the right. Good eye. That one? Yeah. Oh. I was no batter guy. No batter, no matter. You don't have to do it. All right. Brian Regan's got that fit, man. That's why you get up to bat and the whole outfield comes in. Easy out. Easy out. Easy out. Are you like the manager of the bad news bears? The guy that he finally gets up at bat, you know, with the glasses he was carrying. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was carrying a bag. He was a son of a bitch. He was a son of a bitch. I never see that. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. He came down and wrecked the old guy. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. Well, that's when you held up on the outside or inside pick and you'd go good eye. And meanwhile, you didn't know. You just didn't swing. I don't know. And you're like, oh, OK, that was good, right? You had no idea. I was the fat kid with the glasses, looked like Roger Ebert. He kicked out the batting key for me. Easy out. Easy out, guys. I'm going to close my pockets over there. Easy out. Easy out. Put your weight into it, Billy. Yeah. Lean into it, man. Oh, by the way, your picture's in the paper? I'm not giving you nothing but you look hot, man. Oh, no. Oh, my God, dude. I'm just kidding. I love your act though. I'm coming to go see you. Good governance? Yeah, man. All right. Take care, guys. Later, guys. Where was that governance? We're hearing it might be sold out. Yeah, that's what they told me yesterday. Oh, yeah. Add more shows. Add more shows. Hey, dude, I'm 30. I don't do that stuff no more. No. Two shows. Three shows. 8 midnight, 1 o'clock. Hey, guys, we have Billy Brown's story. Billy Brown's story. We're in shame, aren't we? I just thought. Order! Order! Order! Get up. Order! Order! Juan from the Bronx, get Brewer to pummel himself up the face. I love when he does that. Dude, I'm serious. I might not even be able to do this weekend. I messed my neck up hard for. You didn't know when I walked in, but... So you're not going to be able to beat yourself up? I'm going to try. I've got serious pain in my neck. I'm going to try. I'm going to try. I'm going to try. I'm going to try. I'm going to try. I've got serious pain killers. Wow. That can make a... That can make for a good show, you pop a few pain killers before you go on stage. Exactly. You know what I'm saying? So this next joke... Wait, what kind of new show? What about the guy who got struck out by the girl guy? Oh, when they started allowing girls into Little League? I never played with a chick. No, no, that was before. You're just talking about a guy that looks like a girl that was pitching and struck you out. No, because they got girls that play now. I'm not talking about a guy that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl that's a girl Alright, walk it off, walk it off, there you go, walk it off You got beans, you got a face that you don't know, a face that you're crying, you don't know, like Walk it off, suck it You got like the dirt from the base running like suck your tears in your eyes Yeah, walk it off, I'm not crying First face you do right, man What's going on? Pussy Nice weed, dick Yeah, it's a helpful thing There's always one guy on a sucky team He can tie it up and he's just going, faggot, save my up, dick Save my up, dick He's pounding out of the park every time Save my up, dick Come on, don't swing nothing, you understand? Save my up, dick, don't swing nothing, go wild What did I just say? What did I just say, moron? I'm going to kick your ass if you stretch out Save my up, dick I hope Simon heard that Boy, he truly is a legend of Valley Street Oh, man He's so Long Island Yeah, someone just wrote, Brewers in the studio, trying to relive childhood Long Island memories John from Jersey, when I played Little League, they would announce the batting averages when you got up When I got up, they announced no average And how bad did you feel when the coach was telling you, just choke up and make contact? Like, no, I want to freaking hold it right at the end and swing it so it pounds it out of the park Choke it up, just right kind of choke up Choke a little higher, there's more sticking out of the bottom of your hands than the top It's really heavy You look like a tool It looks like Greg B. Hill This is Greg B. Hill His ass always crooked, too big for him Get the ball, move your helmet, dick God, this guy My earflap would get him in the way of my vision, man Man, you swing as deep comes down over your nose Sorry, this is for the older kids, the older homies That's all we're for Jack Hammer only gave her $20 for shirts Give me a break, alright? I'm the one supporting this goddamn team Did you get your effing jackets? Does it fade your names on it, then back off? I caught garbage from your house, you little crap We're getting some great instant feedback Vinny from the Bronx, every time I'd get thrown out, the coach would slap me on the ass and say, way to hustle Way to hustle, that was how he was going Berga, the ground ball takes a bad hop at your face And the coach tells you, stay down on the ball, it won't come up It comes up Yeah, it works when you're in the Major League Yeah, you lay the glove down, it hits the tip of your glove and pops right into your mug Ow! You ever fall on your cup? First of all, you're waiting to get freaking done I gotta wear my cup, it was always ridiculous looking Aw man I'm cool about it, I always just stay in there Not much in there to hold it in place I had these little tiny tiny little cups Yes, yes, tell me about your cup my dear boy That was old dear I was a fat kid and I tried to slide once, you know, face first, face forward I had belly flops so hard on my cup, cause you know how the rubbers around it and it would dig into it On your pubes And you know, five seconds later that pukey feeling comes in And you go, really, alright? Alright man, alright It's just for me Sad to try it Yeah, what is this? Yes, the chance that we want a pitcher not a belly itcher Uh, Jason from River Edge, what about the father that would get into an argument and get thrown out of a freaking little game? We had a brawl after the game Really? Yeah, we had a brawl after the game What a game We had a brawl after the game Coaches got in a fight with one another My dad is like 75, he's on top of the guy He had him down, I swear to God, we were just hanging out and all of a sudden you heard like the ladies going Oh my God, I want a dunk, I just want a dunk You turn around and you see these kids fighting all the time, it's the coaches They're just pissed away, knocking the crap out of one another My dad had some guy down and they were just knocking crap out of him I don't know, maybe they didn't like it, I don't know, what happened? You know you suck when you can't hit when the parents cheer when you hit a foul ball You're like, yeah, alright man, there you go, good one, good one I wish I could even do that I had one hit to right field, I closed my eyes and I looked out How are we going to play now? Who are you to challenge a volleyball? It's a wiffle ball, I can do wiffle ball, I can't do baseball coming at me I got over it, this is when I was like 10, 11, 12 years old Here's a quote when you lose the game, we'll get them next time Lots of instant feedback coming in, Josh from Wanto, what about the mesh hats that you couldn't creep and the Joe Fishmarket sponsors on the back of the jersey Dan from Massapeak, they're all coming from Long Island now Little League was the reason why I wound up playing Dungeons and Dragons I always love when the star player forgot his knitter stirrup and the coach would tell the bench warm and he'd give up his top to the star player That's so true man That's a great one Let's see, we always made fun of the kid who couldn't get cleats and always wore the basketball shoes And they were always that green, crazy color Radio Pimp writes, what about the courage clap whenever a kid went down and got hurt The best is when there are extra players and they send you to a deep center field and you end up standing so far back that you're in the parking lot I had a kid named Diermid, Diermid, D-I-A-R-N-U-I-D and no one for some reason could pronounce his name I swear to God I'm not making this up So the coach would call him Dammit, and my mom called him Dammit I swear to God, what a kid, Dammit I'm in Kent Dam in the memorial and Diermid's in left field and the coach going, Dammit, move back Dammit, Dammit, pay attention I swear to my mother and the big fat lady goes, don't you swear in front of these God damn kids What did you do? God damn The God damn I made up, I'm not going to lie to you He turns around and says, it's the kid's name lady Dammit, move in I think we played for the same little league organization man It was out on Long Island, they were all the same Babe Ruth, right? After you hit a foul ball Good cut, straighten it out next time Straighten out, thanks God Oh, it's that easy? Dan from Seaford, how about the sadistic coach that put you at first base to gain confidence Five errors in one inning I pitched once for like three batters in a song I lost two guys and one guy knocked the daylights out of it I almost started crying, I was such a fairy He's into my arm hurt now, he never pitched again ever We got a guy that played little league with you on line four Let's talk to Charlie, Charlie, what's up? Hey, what's going on? Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie, Charlie I was so bored I was trying to pick up rocks and throw it at all my infielders What's up, baby? You see how funny that ball? Charlie, we almost, didn't we win one year? Yeah, we did. That was, uh, man, I don't even remember back then We were way back. Cool, Charlie Hey, keep in touch, man Alright, you got it, man How's it going? Thank you, Charlie Hey, come to the zoo, man Alright, I'll come down Hey, man What village? He meant the village of Valley Street Oh, yes, of course Valley Street will back me up on that Oh, we'll back you up in that village, too More instant feedback before we move on We got Stephen Lynch coming into the studio Stephen Lynch has arrived My friend's father was thrown out of the park for being drunk Between innings he would go out to his car and chug a beer By the fourth or fifth inning he was bombed He'd come back in the third inning Game over? What have we done? Car ride home When you say recall, it rains coven He's critiquing your playing and you're smelling like dad to your breath Oh, god, dad, damn it He's on the wrong little league team Come on, Jimbo, keep the eye on the ball He's on field five, he's over field two Yeah, I looked like my little bastard for a second But we all look the same old A couple more here Remember when you lost the team with Chad 2468, who do we appreciate? And then the team name? Yeah, I F'ed in appreciate getting my ass kicked Now take me to Dairy Queen You'd have to high five or shake hands If a line goes by and one kid would put in a juice cup You go, shut up, spit on the hand Yeah, right, I'm going to shake hands She's a cool bitch I'm going to rub my own junk before I shake your hand, man It seems like you're giving me a hand It's the same thing Smell it Smell it I'm going to give myself the same thing, watch I got a long A, Drew, though Jay from Nutley, how about the fat catcher who sweated from the car ride From the car ride to the game Yeah, but you loved it when you came Oh, great job here Or the kid who wore jeans in practice All right Another memory, thanks, bro Yeah, Matt, what's up? Hey, guys, what's going on? Hey Hey, Opie, did I hear you say you could play softball? I mean, you couldn't play softball, but you could play baseball First of all, we're talking about, no, regular baseball Oh, so you can play baseball, but you can play whistleball? I think the whistleball, that's ours Oh, yeah That old bag You're reaching You know when one of the listeners has a good little jab at one another, we laugh We laugh partially at it It didn't cut it There you go Excuse me, but I do believe that's just ass We're going to the lab All right, you got it Can we see your stuff? Oh, what's that? Easy Can we see your stuff? Can we see your stuff? Guys, guys, I'm going to be shot on the ass All right, I get it, and I guess I would choke the chicken in front of everybody Really? This one's sick This one's sick, Dan from Manhattan What about the one gay coach with no wife, no children that always had the really good kids over his house for a pool party at the end of the year? Come on, I'm taking you all out for pizza Years later you found out he was the town drunk and molester You were from Lawrence He likes having your back, man Oh, man, you wanted to have sex with me? All right, we got to take a break 2127571027, we'll be back in just a bit Dudes with dudes I think every time we open our mouths we'll pick someone off Come here, come here What are you doing? We're so angry All right, knock it off 107-W-M-E-W It's the O&H, Joe 2127571027 is our phone number Well, Anthony, we've got to get into Mike Tyson Well, you can get into Mike Tyson I'm getting to you without any lube This guy is downright scary He's a madman He's an insane madman And they know it They keep them all doped up until he's got a fight Well, what is he taking? He's taking like Zoloft or something That knows how pretty good And a couple weeks leading up to the fight or a week leading up to the fight they take him off his stuff So he's a lunatic in the ring So he'll kill you So he's fighting Andrew Gallata who's just a big scumbag and he deserves whatever type he can throw at him Gallata? Gallata? One of the dirtiest fighters in the history of boxing, Rich Oh yeah, up against such an outstanding guy as Tyson No, I understand that That's why this is going to be a pretty good fight Gallata likes to hit guys in the bowling That's his whole move He's wrecked his whole career by hitting guys in the ballies when he's winning fights So he's just as iconic as Tyson Yeah, he's kind of insane He's like a blockhead But no one beats the Tyson Anyway, we got some Tyson audio Yeah And I don't know what he's trying to say Maybe someone could figure it out He doesn't have his mental faculties anymore I don't know if he ever did He's crazy, listen to some of this stuff How is this going to end? Tyson, I don't know, I feel he'll have to be destroyed That's what I'm thinking Maybe he'll break a leg Yeah Will he be destroyed? Will he break a leg and put him out to start or something? I don't know, but I'm thinking he'll have to be destroyed Do you think we could revert back to a movie to explain your point a little better? When you talk about being destroyed What do you think? I could revert to King Kong Where he was on the... I just thought the other day, the original Alright, you're up Ulamalumba Kong Karagondarubo Kong When he got to New York There were unfamiliar surroundings for Kong And it kind of freaked him out And women freak Kong out And he wound up climbing up the Empire State Building And they had to send the planes in and destroy him And that's what I'm saying is going to have to happen to Tyson If I follow you here You think eventually that Tyson is going to climb the Empire State Building There's going to be helicopters around and planes And that's going to be his demise No, it's more figuratively I'm saying it Not literally It could be the World Trade Center Is there going to be a white woman in the world? There could be Yes, yes What I'm saying is Somebody as angry as Mike Tyson I could equate his situation to any movie I could revert to a lot of movies One flew over the Cuckoo's Nest But King Kong just popped in my head I'm saying it's just an angry guy like that And Sorry, a lot of guys reverting to other movies You might not have hit the movie on the head with that All right, let's try to see what the people are reverting to Rich is reverting to a movie, Rich Hey guys, I have the perfect movie, Old Yeller Old Yeller? At the end he gets rabies, he goes nuts and they got to shoot him There you go Mike Tyson is like Old Yeller with rabies So the story is kind of like normal in a way Yeah, everybody likes him to be dating I saw a fire show Yeah, he's Yeller And at the end they just got to shoot him because he's nuts And thanks Rich you bastard, I never saw that movie I was going to rent it tomorrow You just ruined the ending of Old Yeller for me you son of a bitch Thank you Rich All right, see you later That's pretty funny though I heard Bruce Willis was dead during the entire movie, Old Yeller Chris, what's up? Yeah, George Why is this? Going around fighting people and you just shoot them at the end Oh, okay, he's fighting people Oh, okay, I can't agree, you didn't pick our answer You didn't pick up on that one, what did you say? I didn't know which part of George you were referring to But that makes perfect sense, he bites people So we ought to stick some compressed air in his mouth and shoot it with a rifle That would be it, yeah, that's all All right, Chris, you're next on N.E.W. I think Star Wars You said he was piloting all the time and watched headaches explode He was dancing on giant death stars Remember the last audio they talked about, you said eat a vendor holy to children Eat a vendor holy to children I'm going to eat your children, that's crazy I don't know, I'm thinking more, you know, things like Old Yeller, King Kong, Mighty Joe Young Like that, you know, in that vein Look at me, I've been embarrassed iniliation, segregation, and any other TIO name that's negative, right? But listen, and you ask me why I'm angry, why I'm like this And all of a sudden I look back and retrospect and say, oh man, I've been devastated And the only thing you can say is that I'm paid, I'm rich, and my life and souls are in the door I bought I love you too What the hell did he just say? This Muhammad Ali makes more sense Holy Lord Peace on earth, oh no I'm reverting to the movie The Fly with the Brundle Fly lifting the guy's arm off when arm wrestling Yeah, that's a perfect example Let's try to go back to the audio, alright? And frankly, it's a basis that I'm typically an animal, so I really think, you know, it's been so pervasive They really believe that, so I guess they only enjoy me being an animal in the ring Because I'm sure there are nine million people that watch and probably hate my death And most of them are probably white, but listen, right? But it's cool though, right? I don't know, I probably hate them too Okay, terrific Here's one where Tyson loses his train of thought I feel uncomfortable the fact that he's not here, I can't say that it's fate But yeah, he's going to feel some pain I know probably he's mad that I ain't going to wait on him, I wouldn't know if we'd be able to Oh God, that is beautiful, it's a good day today, you know But listen, right? Go ahead, man, go ahead What? Wow! What was that? Alright, okay, terrific I don't know what else is there to say on that one He's just a nut That is another life form that is just able to speak English Like that's another type of mammal on this planet That just happens to speak some, what? A little bit of English Just a piece of English Like that's interesting, if you walked up to a dog and said hello and it went, hello! It's like the same thing The guy is crazy! Tyson's talking about Zoloft, the drug that he's on until he has to fight They take him off it so he can be a lunatic in the ring I'm on the Zoloft thing, right? But I'm on that to keep me from killing y'all Oh my God! Zoloft is the cage, is the virtual cage that this guy is in He takes it to keep from killing y'all He just threatened the world Like he's taking that and pretty much threatened the world from killing y'all He just challenged the world He's like Godzilla He could just come out of Tokyo Bay and just destroy cities off of the Zoloft Thank God for Zoloft! Who invented that? Give him a medal He saved the world He saved humanity! Imagine that? A true American hero Absolutely, I don't think enough credit has been given to the Zoloft creator He saved humanity from the likes of Mike Tyson trying to kill y'all I cannot classify him as a human being He's going to kill somebody He is, it's a matter of time I've gone taking off the Zoloft Yeah, I got to hear that one again He's going to keep from killing y'all I'm on the Zoloft thing, right? But I'm on that to keep me from killing y'all Here's Mike off the Zoloft There he is, turning up her jeeps Fighting through the floor of jeeps to try to get small children Come on out of there I'm off the Zoloft Come here, look at the kids in the jeep Aren't they cute little white children? I'm going to bite this tire Don't shine that light on my pupils And I think we have audio of Mike Tyson singing Tyson singing? Tyson singing? I'm on the Zoloft thing, right? But I'm on that to keep me from killing y'all What? Ain't that funny? I'm on the Zoloft Come here, look at the kids in the jeep Aren't they cute little white children? I'm on that to keep me from killing y'all Here's Mike off the Zoloft Come here, look at the kids in the jeep Aren't they cute little white children? I'm on the Zoloft Come here, look at the kids in the jeep Aren't they cute little white children? I'm on the Zoloft Come here, look at the kids in the jeep Aren't they cute little white children? I'm on the Zoloft Pump it, man, pump it, man I'm gonna make you like a fool Pump it, man, pump it, man I'm gonna make you like a fool Pump it, man, pump it, man Pump it, man, pump it, man I'm on the Zoloft That's the biggest sound ever I eat people's dogs, I don't care Mothers and their babies I will eat everybody Zoloft makes me lose my mind I'm on the Zoloft Mike has a translation on line 11 Mike, what's up? I think he was trying to talk about how much he loves his family and he hates the white people I gotta revert back to Jurassic Park 2 Lost World We should crank his ass up and send him back out to the island The only way we're gonna be safe Make the island and crank his ass up I gotta get back to Skull Island Thank you, Mike Somebody was mad at me for giving the ending to King Kong DC from Staten Island, right ONA, does Tyson take pills of Zoloft or is he giving it with the tranquilizer gun? Look at that bugger Just don't have to tell him that he's gotta go back on the Zoloft after the fight I don't think he's doing it on his own Yeah, really, imagine I had him here take this Mike, what you trying to give me, poison? Because he sounds like his trainers and stuff take him off the Zoloft So they're taking the pills away Who's the brave soul that has to tell him Well, alright, Mike, fight's over Probably just injected in a big piece of raw meat they throw into his cage after the fight Swap I feel better Okay, let me out Hey, Rob, what's up? Hey, what's happening? You guys can't possibly think that's a good drug Anthony O'Chain is the greatest drug Someone goes off it, they kill people Really, Free Hartman killed Bill Hartman Bill Hartman went off the drug Man, if she was like a quiet little girl not sure what type you can do off the drug That's what I'm saying, he's really truly, he will kill us all I think he's a military experiment They're giving him the Zoloft and then if we ever get into war with someone they take him off and parachute him in behind enemy lines and he just tears up the city It would work well for us He's like Gorgon I'm a Gorgon Oh my god That's Bill Ripon Remember that? Gorgon with the little thing ears and everything I forgot all about Gorgon He's Gorgon He's a metal creature in the world like a pain rabbit And they take Tyson off of it to fight That's what I'm saying, it should be in the easel I thought I could bring a gun into the ring There should be a huge fence around the ring so it doesn't hurt the spectators A cage mask only the audience is in the cage to fight them Come on out you pussy I'll chew right through that chain link Hey Mr. Tyson While we have you in the studio, how do you spell Zoloft? Zoloft I'm O-L-A-I-D-S I don't know, how do you spell it? I don't know but you better give me some quick Why do I have this tag in my ear? I woke up with a tag in my ear with a number and a radio transmitter on my back I think that is to track my migration habits They want to know where Mike goes in between fights I like in the warm weather I go north and in the cold weather I go south and they track me with my little antenna on my back But sometimes I rub against a tree and dislodge it and they have to tranquilize me and put a new transmitter on my back That's when I need more Zoloft You ever see him do that on the Wild Kingdom show with the bear? They give him the tranquilizer and all of a sudden his lips get all loopy and his tongue sticks out of his mouth You want to see when Mike Tyson looks like that They had to pull me out of a cave once with a come along and they knuckled me and pulled one of my toothers out to see how old I was to see how old I was Then they woke me up and you should have saw them backers run when I started coming through They ran for the hills They were petrified I'm on the Zoloft thing, right? But I'm on that because you need some killing y'all Yeah You better give me more I remember once I was looking for food at the local dump and it was dangerous for the children so they put me in a cave on the back of a pickup truck and relocated me but I kept coming back because that was some tasty ass garbage You can't keep me away from a good old Swanson TV dinner half-eaten thing at the dump I love that ass I got one for you Yeah You think that crocodile hunter has balls? Give him some Zoloft and have him wrestle with Dyson and have him the Zoloft to calm him down Then I would be impressed Who knows, god damn alligator crocodiles on pussies They can't even punch Damn crocodile hunter Let's see you take care of that I'm gonna go to the bathroom Damn crocodile hunter Let's see you take care of Dyson Get some Zoloft in there The funny thing about the Dyson is its power isn't in opening it's in closing so you can actually hold it shut with your bare hands but don't let it open because I'll take your fingers off fingers off, Zoloft, whatever I'm I'm on the floor I know Come here you little was he dancing? Ready to go into a death fight He's going into a death row Alright I'm reverting myself to Hannibal Lecter I need like a muzzle of Zoloft Let's take a break and we'll be back Oh geez, oh geez, oh geez Oh geez, oh geez Anthony, Anthony One eight seven W-A-W Uh, Lois, what's going on? What about those? You said you had all the tracks in the bathroom or something Yeah, we could talk about that Yeah, but how about that? There's an article by Andrea, I don't know, Pizer Pizer, whatever It says kindergarten sex games, one mom's nightmare Now, Ann was talking earlier about dry humping in elementary school Yeah, I'm like sixth grade though, you know You start rocking around that age some of the kids, you know I'm a late woman Even in kindergarten there was a little bit of action going on, but it was just showing I remember walking to a girl's house and showing behind, showing heinies, showing heinies I did the, show me your heinies I go to the house and the mother would come to the door I don't even remember, you know, can you hear Mary come out and play? Yeah, okay went around back by the porch and kind of went you know, in the corner, and she'd pull her pants down and I'd look at her ass and she would want me to do the same to do that, you know, I just that was like, hey thanks, thank you honey that was sex, that was sex pretty much it, ooh gotta go gotta go Alright, so this article, kindergarten sex games, one mom's nightmare I can't believe this is going on in the public school I can, I can, seriously? Oh yeah Get out of here Let's just say, cause I don't want to get into anything I don't want to make this discussion change gears but there's a certain segment of society Oh no, where this is happening Oh no, let me just say that It is, sound the alarm I'm not going to say what segment Oh no, I'm staying out of things, what a doodle I'm staying out of trouble I believe it's the Irish It is, kindergarten Irish are getting drunk No I know, it's too tough I might have to go to that No, no Listen Alright, so the article starts As she sent her 5 year old son to kindergarten in Tony Riverdale Shoshana gave him a gentle warning Sorry, that's just a funny name I guess Boy, that doesn't help anything What? Anyway I didn't say anything either Yeah Her 5 year old son going to kindergarten Never let an adult touch you there is what she said to her 5 year old Okay And then The little boy heeded his mom's advice but her words didn't go far enough Slowly the stories trickled out of PS 24 in the Bronx Alarming stuff The boy talked about games in the schoolyard Naked games Games also were played in the school bathroom Involving acts more commonly associated with the President of the United States than with 5 year old pot What were they, signing bills into law? The 5 year olds were Doing what, you know With alarms, Shoshana realized that the males who posed a threat to her son were not adults Anthony They learned it from me, okay They learned it from me Let's see, her precious boy Being sexually molested by other 5 year olds Oh my dear sweet Jesus My huggy, why is having your back cut? No, no, it's another 5 year old Okay, we're not talking pedophiles here today My husband and I were in shock Shoshana told me I was crying, never in my life did I imagine that this could be done by other kids Kidding Shoshana, this doesn't sound right Shoshana, a travel agent worker Originally from Israel? Hey! Wow, what could have that happened? That screwed everything up She thought she could trust her son in public school So she talked to all the parents about what was going on in the school The revelations were astounding, Shoshana said A mother with a boy in kindergarten told Shoshana that another child had grabbed her son's junk in the schoolyard Whoa! A third mother related a similar tale about group sex play in the bathroom Wow, some blame the media Enough with blaming the media Some blame the internet Internet, 5 year olds on the internet going to porn sites, right? You didn't count on that one? Where are you going? Some blame the media, the internet Right, or the parents But how can you explain a pack of 7 year old Harlem boys who recently forced a little girl to perform oral sex? I can't say it I can't say it I just thought myself You know what? The first time I just thought myself You don't have to be so obvious What? Who the? Please, is there somebody who doesn't know what we're talking about out there? Anyone? Right, Kimmy doesn't My goodness Oh, Rick Don't even The now organization checking in, it's that damn well Yeah, that's what it is Whip them out Wednesday That's the evil out there I think they learn it from their parents or parents You know what I mean? If there's a kindergarten kid and he's in an apartment building or something and Mom's is Mom is Mom is is having the sex and stuff in front of everybody You know, sometimes that happens Mike, what's going on? Hey, what's going on guys? Well, that certain segment of society you speak of Aren't they 17 still in kindergarten? Oh my god, I gotta hang up on this I apologize to our faithful listeners No, not one description of anybody that we're talking about is gonna get through today I swear to you Wendy, what's going on? Hey, um, fourth grade Catholic Catholic grammar school Teacher put two guys together I was sitting next to a boy and it was not sex school at all, it was Johns with you I didn't really know what that was at that time but kind of playing around with the old hand down there What, him on you or you on him? Him on me Oh yeah? And what was it, the teacher? Oh, it was another student No, not a student, but the teacher had a thing in the bag, mixed each other in In first grade, he was petting a poodle? Yeah, first grade, I didn't even know what it was You know, it was really long I just was really mysterious How about that? Where were you on? You loose girls when I was in first grade Alright, thank you Wendy You're welcome Let's go to Jessie. Jessie, what's going on? Hey, how you guys doing? My sister is in junior high school and a whole bunch of her friends got caught in the hall giving hummers to a whole bunch of cemetery guys and now they're having assemblies and stuff that they have to teach the kids that it's wrong to do it in high school What a great school that would be to go to Oh my god Wasn't it happening in junior high? Like you'd have to work and get a girlfriend and you know, go through all these proper channels It wasn't like Well there's the third period bell, let me just get a cookie and then go into class Or collect enough money from your Collect enough money from your paper out Yeah To go buy one That's going on, huh? Thank you You're welcome, bye I guess the girl that was telling the kindergarten story with the boy that was petting a poodle Yeah, a girl from Jersey saying I'm vetting Wood's law Yeah, sick bandz We got a counselor on the line, Tom, what's up? Yo, what's going on guys? I got a good one for ya When I was younger I was about a camp counselor I was like counselor in training So we're at the pool, one of the lifeguards I'm talking to, it's up We look over, there's two little boys just sitting up against the fence They're like kissing each other and touching each other all over We walk up to them, we're like what the hell are you guys doing? They go, oh nothing, we're just playing googies Playing googies? I was like what the hell is this? Playing googies Yup, I guess you not Very good Joseph Prine will check it in, Anthony from Foundrymusic.com These are the kind of people that yell in the movie theaters, right? Oh Jesus So just trying to figure out who you're talking about, Anthony Gwen, what's going on? Hey Gwen What's up? African American kids, they probably got joked like grown ups We're not talking about anyone specifically here on the program No Hey Brian, what's up? Hey guys, how's it going? I just wanted to add in I'm almost 30 years old and this is nothing new This stuff goes on all the time When I was 6 years old I had a girl I remember I had her in the bathroom and I was telling her to kiss my junk I didn't say junk I was telling her to kiss it and by the time I was 10 By the time I was 10 I had a girl suck my junk I mean I didn't get it from my parents or anything I just think it's kind of instinctual Instinctual, really, Fred? I don't know Well, right That's the stagism No, I think it's instinctive I think it's instinctive that there's a certain sexual instinct that you have, a sexual drive I don't think it comes from the internet or the wow or anything like that It might be instinctual but I believe you kind of know in your head what's appropriate and what's not even in kindergarten, you know what I mean? Like this, you're showing each other the hanging thing, even we at that age knew that no one could see us do it because it was kind of like a taboo Yeah, that's true Alright, I just wanted to chime in guys Take care, I love you Sean Thanks, Brian One time at band camp That was a great, great change I don't know It always seems like the schools that aren't in the best of neighborhoods, that's all I'm saying I'm not saying it doesn't happen elsewhere I'm just saying every time I read about it it seems to be a certain neighborhood I had no clue how to get action in kindergarten You couldn't How do you know? What kind of action? Gang BJs in the bathroom? Gang BJs in the bathroom? That's what your uncle said You couldn't even go to the bathroom in kindergarten Wasn't the bathroom like in the same class? It was in the classroom You raised your hand, you went to the bathroom You were done Did you remember to wipe your mouth? Found a new little rule We're gonna learn about BJs today boys and girls Hi, it's your old pal Barney No, no Barney Where the person touched you Look at that, look at it grow Oh boy, oh boy He's turning a shade of purple just like Barney Oh boy, oh boy We're having fun today kids, aren't we? Here comes Baby Bop Oh boy Oh boy Oh boy He's got a dinosaur in his pants too You're just too much Now just keep kissing That kiss, you kiss him all over Go boy I'm gonna do you right in your Harry Potter Now don't forget to swallow Bye bye And remember, I love you The purple headed monster And it's not Barney Look what I did to you Again, I love you Bend over Baby Bop I'm gonna slam your back door Come here, come here Mary This is called prison mood This is called prison mood That's what we use in the joint Suck it, suck it you bitch Look at Barney's yam bag It's big and purple Oh boy Remember to always drink your banana juice Just like Baby Bop Okay girls, we're gonna play on the monkey bars There's Barney laying here underneath Looking up to spot you Look at that pretty little horse Oh boy Oh boy Rick, get out of here Just leave You are disgusting All right, Crazy B from Jersey Crazy B from Jersey, I'm here for feedback I can one up all these callers, Anthony All right When I was in the womb I would reach down and you know Pet Mommy's panty perks Great Willie Anderson taking in I still play googie Show me googie Yeah, playing googies in the colony Googie, I usually get a big load of googies in my mouth Goddamn Willie Okay, we have to take a break Oh sure Yes, yes, we do What did you learn on the show today? Really not too much It's beautiful What did you learn on the show today? I learned absolutely nothing I actually lost brain cells today What did you learn on the show today? What I learned today is that this still sucks It's okay then, Anthony Hello ma'am, this is Lieutenant Colombo I got a couple of questions to ask you Could you shove your fist up my a**? I'd love it if you could just stick your fist up my a** Listen, get your husband over here We'll pop my eye out And he can go f*** me Could you do that please? Just go f*** me I love that Mrs. Colombo, he pulls out a big a** Rips my eye out And just shoves that thing right to my brain I love it Alright, thank you One more thing Bury your boot up my a** Could you do that? And could you just grab my a** and twist it like a fresh one? I'd love if you grab my a** Grab my shriveled old Colombo a** And twist that thing like a fresh one Okay ma'am, I gotta get back to the briefing Oh before I leave One more thing, could you do? Put my a** in a vice Could you just clamp down on my a** And squeeze until it comes out of the hole In my head that used to have an eye Ah Colombo, so typical of that smart land out I was in a series one With Martin Landau And after the show, after the shoot As they call it I jammed my fist so far up his a** I actually pulled out his rostrum It was wonderful It was wonderful We used to film at Universal Studios And we'd all get together in the comet deck And pound each other And pound each other Which is a piece of cake I can't say this O.B. and Anthony 1027 WNEW This story is the headline Spanking cure for neck ache What? This is a sick story too