 Whip-em out, Wednesday! What is that? Are you some kind of guy to me? Are you some kind of sexist guy to me? Yeah! You will not get away with this! I wish you could just shut your bitch up! It's Whip-em out, Wednesday! Ooh-da-da! Obi and Antony N.E.W. Alright, let's go to the phones. If you have something, give us a call. Joe, what's going on? What's up? What's up? You're on the air, man. What's going on? Yeah, I wanted to thank you guys for making my work day that much more enjoyable. I'll take it. Thank you. Number two, I'd like to thank you guys again. Ah, wow. Joe, if you're listening, call back your cell phone. Sure. I'll be right there. I'll be right there. I'll be right there. I'll be right there. I'll be right there. I'll be right there. I'll be right there. I'll be right there. I'll be right there. Call back your cell phone, sir. I can like get the... And we want to thank you for listening to the show. We got some ratings today and we're hearing... Ah! We're hearing good things. Hearing good things. Good things. Good things. That's nice. Seems like the bosses are very, very happy in the back office. Well, they took us out to a lunch today, which always means a good thing. Good job, old chap. I'm so bad when I go to lunch with them, too. So, like we sit down and I look at the watch and I go, all right, it's like one o'clock from out of here in a few minutes. I could play Age of Empires instead of sitting here with the two bosses. All right. And then like we get the food and I'm eating and then I'm just looking like, oh, he's not pulling out the card yet. The check ain't here yet. So I always wind up getting up and going, I've got some business to tend to back at the station, some important stuff to do. And then I just, I leave and I'm back on. All right, I'll be the Vikings. I'm against the Persians. Right. Yeah, we got to work on the show. We got to go work on the show. Very important show prep, boss. Thank you for lunch. Thank you very much. Okay, I got to build my walls now. I need more archers. Anthony? Yeah. Did you actually get a hug from Ken Stevens today? Yeah, it was a little awkward. It was a little awkward. And the word love was used. Uh-oh. I... Hi. No, he goes, I love you guys. You just weren't around for the hug. I wasn't there. I don't know. Let's just put it this way. I went into the office to ask about this fine ratings thing that just came out. Yes. And it's very sketchy. They don't have the whole picture, but they hear things and they pass along to you. Sure. And next thing I know, I'm like, you know, kind of at that big round table he has in his office. In his office. And God knows what goes on there. Yeah, that's the office where Psycho Mark had a couple have anal sex. Yeah, you can't look at that couch without thinking about Psycho Mark and the couple that had anal sex on there. What a way to get fired from a job. God damn it. That's great. Yeah, first pumpkin picking with Jeremy and now hugs with him. Come on. No, come on. I'm kidding. Help me out. Help me out a little bit. Dude, if anyone doesn't understand... I'm trying to tell you how awkward it was and you... I understand. ...don't write for the abuse. Let me get the story out there and then you can abuse me. No more signs, Ben. Whatever, Ben. See, I'm helping you. Whatever, Ben. Alright. Alright. Listen, so... Yeah? So I'm sitting at that round table, looking at the couch where the couple had the anal sex, giggling to myself. And then he's telling me about these ratings things. He had like just an overall picture, but he knows you and I did very well. Right. And then he got filled with emotion and then all of a sudden, like he's behind me, and he kind of gets... Oh, wait a minute. Stop. Stop. Come on, man. No, I'm trying to picture the scene. I'm really not getting into it. I was sitting in a chair, though. Oh, okay. You're in the chair. Yeah, it wasn't like he was behind me and I'm standing there. I didn't know what that was. Alright, so you're in the chair. This never works when you try to explain yourself. That trick never works. That trick never works. Watch me pull a rabbit out of my head. Don't no bones think. I'm sure the listeners don't want to hear the rest of the story. Alright. Well, fine. I was sitting there. I was like looking at whatever he had on this round table and he was explaining what had been right. No, this is Rick. Did you feel hot man blood? Yeah, Rick. And did Jen grab your ass? Oh my God. And look, he's still writing. Rick loves this. See, it's what is called a person booning and hoping. Oh, God damn it. You know what? It's very funny. The people obviously understand the reality, but they love digging in. I'm trying to tell you how awkward it was and this is what I get. I understand. See, we have audio from the office. Do you like having your back rubbed? Jesus. He was overcome by emotion because when you and I do well, that means he keeps his job for three more months. Absolutely. Let's be honest here. I understand. You're not going to see the station in the top 20. No. When ratings become public knowledge. No. But if we do well, he continues to get to play and do his little radio. He feels very good about our show. So he's explaining how well we did. Yeah. And he was overcome by emotion. I'm sitting there and all of a sudden there was just this like awkward arm around my shoulder and he was like trying to hug me, I think. Oh, you're my pal, Danny. How about a French cap? How about some sushi? And then he was like, just like, golly gee, I love you guys. What do you say when your boss says I love you? Oh, we were having a ratings party this Saturday. Are you doing anything this Saturday? How'd you like to mow my lawn? Now, come on. I think the audience is smart enough to know the reality of the situation. It just makes for funny imagery. Oh, sure. As I look to the left, with the instant feedbacks coming in, fag, fag, fag, fag. That tape was going in that office. What else did Ken say? Don't just stare at it. Eat it. This old gag. Haven't heard this one before. All right. So he was he was very happy. How many times? That was wrong, you guys. Taylor, what's going on? Hey, I had a similar experience this week myself. Yeah. I'm a trader at a security firm. Yeah. And I had a really big day. And at the end of the day, my boss came over and he's like, you know, fag, you do today. And I told him my numbers and he pinched me on the cheek. Not once, but twice. And I swear to God, like sat there and he gave me like almost like a grandmother. Yeah. Big smile on his face. He gives me this kind of a pinch on my cheek. I had a laugh. I didn't know what to do. The awkward moment. I had a nightmare the next night. Out of a bad sleep, I'm like, holy sh**. Oh, dude. Wait, you can't say holy ass. Oh, sorry. Yeah, but all of a sudden I woke up in the middle of the night and I'm like, I mean, he's married and everything. He's a nice guy. Yeah. But it was kind of disturbing. He's married. I think he's got a kid too. But I know exactly what you're talking about. You're like sitting there going like, okay, well, what do I do now? Yeah. Do I pinch him back? Let me go on record and say that it wasn't officially a hug. It was just this awkward arm thing. Like, you know, I'm so happy that Aunt and I, you know, saved the station again. The savior of the station award. Because as soon as this show starts sucking, this station will be standards. Yeah, you're going to hear standards on WNEW if this show sucks. It'll go back to classical. Man, Ben is the comedy. What the hell is wrong with you? Come on, if you were outside the situation looking in, that's a pretty funny line. He writes, now two couples have had anal and can't go off. You're such a dick. All right, let's take a break. We'll be back. Give us a call. 2127571027. Opie and Anthony. The worst of the worst. This is the year in review, 1027 WNEW. And EW. The Don and Mike Show. This is Valerie Harper. How you doing? Valerie Harper, you know, road of more concern. Asian women do not have the same kind of bad experience as menopause than women in the West. Did she go on like this the last time we had her on? Yes. A great effect. Like a potato chip? Yep. La la la. La la la. You can't hear my voice. La la la. The Don and Mike Show. Weeknight. WNEW. This segment of the Opie and Anthony show is brought to you by Pinnacle Horny Goat Weed. Enhance your libido and sexual performance naturally with Pinnacle Horny Goat Weed. Available at DNC, the Vitamin Shop, and Great Earth Vitamin Stores. Have you ever seen the people that listen to this show? Opie and Anthony. Truthless, drunken, white trash. Aye, Gunter. We got some great audio clips of Hillary Clinton. Yes, Hillary Clinton. Clinton. Clinton. Clinton. I think you pronounced her last name, Clinton. Clinton. Clinton. Clinton. Yes, she was there. Hopefully her last hurrah. It's her convention, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's her convention. Hopefully it's just the last hurrah for the Clintons. Like we said so many times, they enter private life and the fireworks really start. We could start seeing Bill Clinton on cops with a t-shirt and tell the cops, get away from me. This is my house. Hey, go after your sister. No, you get away from me. Mr. Clinton, Mr. President, please. Please. I'll tell you, that bitch, she started it. Yeah. When does Herman Munster talk? Herman Munster? How do I know? Well, they always save the candidate for the last day, like the last big speech. He's running for something? I think so. What is he running for? I think, president. Really? Does he have a chance? Not in hell. I would hope. I don't want to, you know, and don't get me wrong, because then people start emailing me, and I'm like, I never took you for a Republican. No. No, I don't like either choice. I'm a nothington. What? Nothington? Crap. Nothing crap. I don't like either of them at all. This Lieberman guy's got me very nervous. Gore's a tool. Clinton and Hillary, why is the wife of the president speaking? What the hell is she? She ran the country. First quad. She ran the country for the last eight years. No one knows that. Yeah, she couldn't even pay attention to what was happening with Bill's crotch. And she's going to run New York, and she's addressing the Democratic convention with that phony, phony, politician-type speech style. I'm here to tell you that Al Gore is the man to be president of. Why are you yelling? But that monotone yell, no personality crap she's got going. Because that's how aliens speak, Anthony. Yeah. You want to hear something? I want to tell you. Listen to every line she says. Guaranteed, it ends up that monotone crescendo crap thing she does. She builds as she goes. It's so fake. It's a put-on. She can't be honest and sincere. It's impossible for that big cap bitch. One thing you've got to get Bill Clinton. He's a great public speaker. Yeah, I'll get in that. But his wife. He's talking about it coming out of his ass. He is a great speaker. He's got personality. He comes off very natural, smooth. He can lie with the baby. He puts that thumb up. His eyes did not ever not once have sex with that woman. It's great. But she is just a stick figure that's pumping out written crap for her. You better get your eyes checked, Anthony. Well, let's play some of the audio. She's not sincere. Here she is from the other day. Last night. I don't know, because I'm not watching this crap. Bill and I are closing one chapter of our lives and soon we'll be starting a new one. For me, it will be up to the people of New York to decide whether I'll have the privilege of serving them in the United States Senate. I don't know. Bill Clinton was married to China. Listen to her voice. Yeah, she sounds like China from the W.W.S. Listen to the first like three seconds. Bill and I are closing. Doesn't that sound like China? A little bit. Is that kind of female male voice thing happening? It's all written for closing a chapter in our lives and I'll be closing my legs forever. There ain't no way in hell I'm putting that infected tool in here. I've been in every hose bag on the Beltway. You think Hillary talked to Bill like that? Yeah, at home. I can't believe Bill that you put your tool in that piece of trash. Monica Lewinsky. And she waits for the applause. Here's another clip from Hillary Anthony. At this moment of great potential, let's not squander our children's futures. Let's elect leaders who will leave no child behind. Leaders who don't just talk the talk but walk the walk. Leaders like Al Gore and Joe Lieberman. Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang Hillary sounds like the church lady, that's good too. Yeah. Thank you for supporting my husband who's visionary leadership and hard work led America into the 21st century. Which is more annoying, less Hillary. Thank you for supporting my husband who's visionary leadership and hard work led America into the 21st century. Hillary or a dentist drill? Hmm, that's a wacky speaking, uh, I am fake and phony, but you will vote for me. You are hypnotized. You got them big swirly pinwheel eyes that she's looking at you. Look into my eyes. Every picture they have of her in the paper. Yeah, she's got the alien eyes working. She's too much, man. And she's turning the convention into like this platform for her. You didn't, you know, you didn't see Lazzio. Well, the Republican, no, but you didn't see him just pulling over himself and getting the exposure she's getting. She's such a phony too. You see the paper today there. They got a shot of the whole first family coming out of McDonald's. Yeah, like McDonald's, her husband supposedly like, but there she is with her little bag of McDonald's food walking out of McDonald's. Please just buying that. I like a number three and please supersize it. Puppets roll clappin. I heard I heard Jesse Jackson was speaking and it was just unintelligible. It was worth it. What was he saying? They have the bushes. They have the bushes. They have the bushes. They have the bush. I kind of get a chant going. Like, keep hope alive. Keep hope alive. Stay out the bushes is the new big chant. I guess so you don't go with the George W. Bush camp, you stay out the bushes. That could be a nice rap song. They have the bushes. What do you want on this wall? They have the bushes. What do you want on this wall? I got to hear some of the Jesse clips. Do we have any? Yeah, we'll find them. Anthony, I just hear every year or every four years he gets up there in front of the convention and babbled and the people, the anchors get on the news after once again, Jesse Jackson, what a fabulous speaker this man is bringing the crowd to its feet. And I'm watching. Did you watch the same speech? I didn't understand a word this guy said. He's using these words and what kind of accent is that? Well, wow. What? That would be the African-American. No, it's even worse than that. I don't know what it is. I don't know what that is. Just a joke. If he spoke in front of the Apollo, they'd all be going, what? Say what? And if even I don't even understand what you're saying. We have the Jesse Jackson speech. Let's hear some of Jesse. You wanted the audio, right? Yeah, I have to hear some audio of Jesse Jackson at the Democratic convention speaking. Earl's like, what are you talking about? I read the transcript to the speech and Jesse sounded amazing. I'm like, what? That's reading what he was supposed to be saying. You can't understand what he's saying when he's just talking. When you read the transcript of an Ozzy Osbourne interview would make sense too. I think it's so, so. Oh, he's like, he's like, oh, that Jesse, what a fabulous speaker. It's like everyone buys the hype. Now let's listen to a little audio. Does he rhyme? Jesse Jackson. Yeah. Oh, he does. Yeah. Let's hear him rhyme. More healthcare with go on for more education with go on more. With go on more wages with go on more freedom with go on more. Peace. What is that? That's fabulous speaking. That's amazing speaking that everyone's getting all riled up. More healthcare with go on. Go on. He's making, is that an alien that's running? He's making it very simple. We like go on with the ball ball puts fruit on the trees. We love go on. We love go on. He can't beat a star trek. Ball. Well, I have some more Anthony. Go on. I got some more. Go on. I got some more gore from Jesse Jackson. You know, go up, go up. It's more and go. It's more and go. He. Oh, I gotta tell you, I love Jesse. Hey, hope alive. I like that. And I have the pods. I saw our listeners. I, that's not the audio of Jesse Jackson. That was the audio of Caesar from Planet of the Apes. Oh my God. Well, when Caesar was getting everyone riled up at the end of one movie, was that the second one, Anthony conquest of the conquest? Yeah. He will have more help. Yeah, we're going on. Go on. Yeah. It's more and go. It's more and go. Oh, more. Health care. Let's go on. More education. More. Go on. But go on. More. But go on. No. I hear the best. Here's the best Jesse Jackson clip of all. All right. They are the bushes. Oh, Lordy, Lord, he's desperate to what he says. Do what he says. They have the version. There it is. Definitely. Those are the. I like big. They are the bushes. They're going to live. They're going to live. They. The. You use your tongue for a 20 dollar horse. Oh my God. Unbelievable. They out the bushes. What? What? They out the bushes. Go on. Let me tell you about go off. They out the bushes. Living law, living law. Tim, go off on the planet. Go off. I need that man. I need stay out the bushes. They out the bushes. They out the bushes. What are you talking about? And people buy the man. They out the bushes. They out the bushes. They out the bushes. They out the bushes. OK, terrific. He's the politics. What Robin Williams is the comedy. Everyone buys the myth. And then you realize, my God, there's nothing going on there. You know what I mean? I'm Williams is rolling off on his pirate. Oh, look, look, it's a softball. It's a ball, but it's soft. Well, I always genius. Look, time to stream of consciousness. And you realize he said nothing funny, but everyone's laughing. Same thing with Jesse. Like everyone's. Oh my God, Jesse, what a powerful speaker. This is great. He's saying stay out the bushes. Stay out the bushes. My friggin 70 year old neighbor used to say that when we used to go traipsing through a garden. Stay out the bushes. You're dang kids. He didn't even say stay out of the bushes. Stay out the bushes. Stay out what you want in these bushes. Let's go to Tony. Tony, what's up? Stay out the bushes and keep off the grass. Keep off the grass. Keep off the grass. Get on a crack. Break your mama's back. All right. You guys are awesome. Thank you, Tony. Boogaloo, boogaloo, I'm over here now. Here, let's do a boogaloo. Stay out of the bushes little remake. All right. Here. You got a musical background for it? Let's see. Now give us some fat boy slim. God, that'd be good. We'll give you a little fat boy slim mix here. A fat boy slim while I'm pounding some quim. Hot 97 should hire us, man. We could do the X's on the fly. Sure. Boogaloo, boogaloo, boogaloo, boogaloo. Stay out the bushes. I'm over here now. Stay out the bushes. I'm over here now. Stay out the bushes. Boogaloo, boogaloo, boogaloo, boogaloo. Stay out the bushes. I'm over here now. Give it to me like I'm sent didn't hold. Hey, hold on, hold on, I got the mix. Yea, holy shit.ей out of the bushes. Stay out the bushes. Stay out the bushes. Stay out the bushes. Did he say, I'm trying to analyze this. Maybe I get a little too deep into these things, but I'm really trying to say, was he sitting down going, now I've got to come up with something funny and something good that I could say at this speed and it will be very profound and very innocent to people that are listening on my speed. What is this? Bush, bush, bush. Kiss my sack bag. No, that's not good. I've got to think more on what I should say to the Democratic Convention. Anthony, stay on the ground. In all seriousness though, what does stay out the bushes mean? I'm guessing don't go over to the bush camp. Stay out the bushes. One day out the bushes. But there's only one bush. It's George W. Bush and he's running. Stay out the bushes. It doesn't make sense. Like he's addressing the crowd of Democrats so it's not like they're going to turn around and go to the bushes. Don't pee in the bushes. Don't pee in the bushes. Keep out the bushes. Maybe Earl can translate. Earl. I'm riding my speedboat on a commision. I'm trying to come up with something now that's funny. It's funny. And it's hanging. Earl, what the hell does stay out the bushes mean? He was talking about the policies of GW in Texas and JEB in Florida. Oh, so there's the two bushes that you're supposed to stay out of. What, don't have anal sex with the bushes? Stay out the bushes. They got disease there. My speeches have lost some of the flavor of many of the speeches I have. Why doesn't he just communicate with clicks and clacks? Oh, that's outrageous but this isn't. Stay out the bushes. Stay out the Heimetown. Remember that Jesse calling New York Heimetown? And admitting that he spit in white people's food when he was working his way through college. And still in the political scene. And for some reason that's okay. How can that be okay? Donna is going to explain stay out the bushes. Ah, right Donna. Donna. Hello. Hi. Keep out the bushes. I think he meant keep the bushes out of the White House. No, stay out the bushes. Well, what stay out the bushes? Stay out the bushes. Oh, well then he too is dumb. Thank you, Donna. Charles, stay out the bushes. What does that mean? He doesn't know that, right? Working on it. Charles. Yeah, guys. Go ahead, you're on the radio. Like you said, stay out the bushes and keep the bushes out of the White House. All right. Well, that's not... Why did he say that? That's keep the bushes out but it doesn't make sense that way either. Let me ask you this. Did you notice that the more he yells, the more and more he sounds like Reverend Hal? Oh, he does. It sounds like Reverend Hal and he yells. It's a bigger lack of intelligence. The more he gets, the more he sounds like Reverend Hal. You know what it is? It's like a sequel. You remember years ago when he was at the Democratic Convention and he gave a fiery speech and people were just like, oh, my God, Jesse is a genius. I don't understand how anyone can top this speech that Jesse has given. This is going back a few conventions ago. Now it's like the sequel. Every time Jesse's speech is getting more and more lame, we're up to like George or George for its personal. Well, it follows you to the bottom. It just blows and it's not it isn't working anymore. Whip them out Wednesday. Whip them out Wednesday. Stay out the bushes. Get in the. Stay out the bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra bra We gotta take a break Anthony. Stay out the bushes. J.Maw is gay. All get 17 through to 20. Caroline. Stay out the bushes. WNEW. Five shows. Fun guys. Morning. Content to do. It's me. Les 3 Gold. The Radio Check. Hey, it's the most fun you can have without using your hands. It's Russell Payne. Afternoon to Toby and Anthony. Two to seven. Ben and the Big. What we can do to you real fast. Oh, this is brought to our attention today. What would evil Knievel be promoting? He's lending his image and his endorsement to a product. So I'm thinking maybe Harley Davidson. Sure. Or maybe something that would go along with his daredevil image. Maybe a line of clothing. Yeah. Stream something. Maybe a line of Sky Cycle. The Sky Cycle. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Maybe that's a reality now in the year 2000. We could all drive on Sky Cycle. Jump the Snake River Canyon. Sure. Even though he's up there in years, he's still known as the daredevil. Maybe some line of skateboards or anything. Anything but this. Yeah. Oh, I think evil Knievel, the proud endorser for pride mobility products. The little rascal. He's endorsing the little rascal. There he is. There he is in the advertisement. There's evil. He's got his red, white and blue jacket on with the number one that he used to wear on there and he's sitting on one of those old people's scooters that the old people use. Getting ready to try to jump a garbage can. I'm going to jump my own colostomy bags. I'm lining up 20 colostomy bags. Awful, yes. And now he's riding around on one of those little old people's scooters. Oh, is time just a pain in the ass? This is the same guy that jumped the fountains at Caesar's, right? Right. Falling like a rag doll. Broke every bone in his body. And now he's out of my way, please. Please. Look out. This thing gets up to three miles an hour. Guy used to speed up that ramp. Remember that? Oh, it was so cool to watch. You'd look forward to it on TV. Oh, on ABC Wide World of Sports, evil Knievel's jumping. The Hollywood starlets at night. Boozer. Boozer. Insane. Would tumble during the day. Now look at him. Now look at him. Time just sucks. Are you kidding? He's got his hands on the hand grips. He's looking straight into, I guess, what the camera was taking this picture. But his face just looks like, oh my God, look what I'm doing. Look what I have become. Look what I have to do now for the money. I have to endorse this little scooter. Well, there's a quote from evil Knievel, Anthony. What is it? I chose my pride legend. They have fancy names for the little rascal. The pride legend scooter. The pride legend scooter. You'll kick ass on the pride legend scooter. Pick up babes on the pride legend. Evil Knievel whizzes around on his pride legend scooter. Legend, legend, legend, legend. You'll get up to three miles per hour. Pride legend? It's a little rascal. Anyway, it says, I chose my pride legend for its outstanding performance, style, form, and durability and value. Evil Knievel. Performance? It goes. That's the only performance you get. I can't stand these friggin' things too. Whenever you get the people in the supermarket, look, I'm sorry, you can't walk. And I'll tell you the truth, half of the people riding these things are fine. Fat people, they found a way they don't even have to friggin' walk anymore. And when fat people used to at least have to walk in the supermarket to get their food to feed their fat bodies, they'd be walking around sweating by the Twinkies and the soda and everything. Now they're just going around clogging the aisles of chatting with each other like it's a side street. The pride legend scooter. You go to a place like Disney. Oh my God. Anybody... That's a little rascal heaven. Anybody, I guess, can just hop on one. Doesn't matter, healthy, whatever. And you're trying to walk and you're being... You're almost being hit by these people that don't even know how to control them anymore. Beep beep, beep beep, beep beep. Excuse me, please. I want to see the fireworks display at Epcot. And I'm two miles away so I only have five hours to get there. People can even be appearing jumping the small fountain in front of the place. I'm going to jump a puddle on my pride legend. It's going to be cool. Remember how I used to take the motorcycle up the ramp and I would stop right at the top and overlook the jump before I back down and make the final run? Yeah. I tried it but my scooter won't even go up the ramp. It hits the front and goes sud and just stops. He chose his pride legend. Evil, have some pride and try to jump the Snake River Canyon this thing. Go out in a blaze of glory. Throw a rocket pack on it. Yeah, throw a rocket pack on it and see if you can jump that damn Snake River Canyon. Probably has. Go out in a blaze of fire. Come on, you're our hero from when we grew up. You're on a little rascal now. He's probably cranked that thing up to like 40, 50 miles an hour. He's got mechanics working on it. You think he tries to do donuts with it in the park and like wheelies and stuff? He's our god damn childhood hero and he's on a little rascal now. Call now. Get one of those pairs of old people sunglasses free. The wraparound Terminator sunglasses. Pride legend. He's got his blue jeans pulled up to his nipples in the picture. You'll be taking ass and taking names on your pride legend scooter. Damn. Hey, Rob, what's up? Hey, Trolls, I was down at Disney back in December and I saw one of these old jeans that's come flying by two and three miles an hour on one of those things. Next thing you know, he's checking out a babe walking by and he smashes into like this three-year-old. Unbelievable. The guys are picking up the kid, they cry, oh my god, oh my god. They pick up the kid to see if he's okay. The next thing you know, the little guy takes off. He takes off. Where does he go? I think he can catch up to him. I said so bad to the little kid but when I saw the old guy go, I was like, oh man, he's making his getaway. That's funny. Now look at him though. I know. He's on a little scooter. He's got a little basket on the front for his depend undergarments. You see that little basket? What's evil going to carry in there? A little bottle of whiskey? Probably his kidney. His liver. Poor guy. He's had a kidney transplant already. Yeah. Chrome pipes. He's trying to weld on some chrome pipes. I want that to sound like my old bike. Yeah. Instead of like... ...the electric motor. Oh, he's got his blue cowboy boots on. Oh my god. He looks horrible. Poor thing. Poor evil. Is this true? What? Evil Knievel's next trick on the rascal. He's going to jump 10 14 inch U-Hauls. Force with a kick. Oh! He's a... FUN GUY! 1027 WNEW's new morning show. FUN GUY! Have you listened yet? You may want to participate in a WNEW contest. Here are some rules to make it less fun. All winners must be 18 years old or older. Must present valid picture ID. Contest void will be prohibited. No purchase necessary. Winners must pick up the prize within 30 days of it being available or leave at it. Winners must sign some paperwork before claiming the prize. By entering you can send to your name, voice, and likeness being used by us on air or in any other publicity. Prizes are non-transferable. All rules concerning individual contests are under our complete control and may be amended or changed or cancelled by us at any time without notice as we see fit. Employees and agents of WNEW or subsidiaries, affiliates, their agents, and their immediate families are not eligible and are absolved and held harmless from any action or liability arising from our contest. Winners are subject to any local, federal, or state taxes that may apply. WNEW may substitute another prize of approximate the same value for the prize awarded. Only one winner per household for 30 days. Complete rules are available at WNEW offices. So go on. Enter. What do you got over there, Anthony? I'm just seeing something. So, you know something, how many quick lines do we throw out here on a daily basis? Hundreds. And I blurt something out, it doesn't quite go over with the audience, and they just pound me. It's just fun because most of your stuff hits the mark. So when you don't hit the mark, it's kind of fun to watch it squirm. Who's checking in? Show me crickets. Captain Cranky asked from Queens, today I learned Anthony can bomb just as bad as Spaz. Ah, come on. Cricket, hey aunt, I got it. Thank you. I guess when you're in the market for tampons, you watch the commercials, aunt. We all change the channel. I couldn't even defend myself. White shorts, hey aunt, you hear the bomb dropping? Oh wait, I gotta play something here. You could bike, swim, and wear white shorts, right? White shorts? My Mr. Song? Oh come on, you gotta get that one. Anybody out there would get that one. You could bike, swim, and wear white shorts. White shorts? Yeah. Reference to maybe a tampon commercial. Oh come on. No one got it. I'm sure the audience did. Okay, terrific. Shout it out, Ed, shout it out. Oh my God, you trip up once and that's it, huh? It's over, Johnny. When did you start doing the show? Yeah, I know. Oh my God. Ed, you should have shouted out the joke when it didn't work the first time. As the joke says, South Orange, hey Anthony, I hear if the joke doesn't work the first time, you should yell it out the next time. Is this thing on? Ping pong, anyone? Look at this. I'm being totally hammered. No you're not, Ed, let's go to the phones. Everyone's very, very polite here. Is that a train? Our listeners are very understanding. Steve, what's up? Yeah, I just want to say all of a sudden Spaz sounds like Milton Berle compared to that Anthony. What the hell are you thinking about? All of a sudden, 922 Wine sounds brilliant. Are you ready to laugh? I said, are you ready to laugh? Okay, we can stop now. Tom from Bay Ridge, maybe Wendy took half of Anthony's sense of humor. Hey, Ed, does your girlfriend even need tampons yet? Very funny, the listeners, that would be very funny. Play Pac-Man sound here. When do we start Anthony's Week in Review? I got a brutal email about you today. I meant to bring it up. What? They want to make sure that your girlfriend is sleeping on her back because they don't want her to get SIDS. Would that be sudden infant death syndrome, Opie? Yes, it would be. Very funny, no, I make sure. The crap you guys throw at us on a daily basis, I make sure. I crank the little mobile up over the crib and it goes around. Jackass. Wow, you're just getting counted. I know, the only thing that went over anyone's head with the Enola Gay over Anthony's head on that joke, white shorts. Everyone's feeling good about themselves because you crack them up every day. They finally, boy, you finally got. They don't let you sleep. Just like us, they'll pound something into the ground. No, my Johnny. If you let me, Anthony. John from Staten Island. If Ant drops a bomb in the middle of the woods, does it make a sound? Is Anthony a special guest on Mason and Kalinsky? Jason from River Edge. Please guys, serious comments for Anthony only. Anthony, great line. I can't wait to see it on the A.F.I. 100 funniest lines. He's been hanging around spaz too long. Dice checking in from over here. You want to open for me at the comedy toilet? Bill from Jersey, tonight a privilege, one night only from the ONA show, Anthony. Even the cockroaches didn't survive that bomb. Okay, thank you. Thank you people. I understand now. They're getting violent on the phones now. Ed, what's up? Nothing. What are you guys doing? We're talking to you. Hey, that was one of the worst jokes I've ever heard in my life. What are you doing listening to a tampon commercial and knowing the lines from it? What? I watch a lot of TV and I don't always turn commercials off. Sometimes there's a hot girl on the tampon. I'm backpedaling. I know you are. Totally, just like Sarah Jessica Parker. It doesn't happen often so it's kind of fun to watch you squirm it. It's not working. All right, Ed, thank you. Thank you. Jason from River Edge, he's just pounding you, man. Thank you. At this point I don't think he's a fan of you. Thank you, Bill. White shorts? Is that the in color with all the teenagers this summer? Thank you, Alpy. Thank you. I'm trying to help you out, Anthony. The Enola Gay checking in. From McDonnell Douglas. I feel so empty. Do your jokes ever have that not so fresh feeling? Alpy may be cooler than Hitler but Hitler was funnier than Anthony. I can't allow my pal to get pounded like this. The show's not even over and I already learned that Anthony can stink up a room with jokes that even Spaz threw away. Come on. Give me a break here. It wasn't even a joke, it was just an off comment. Let's go to Andrew. Hey, Andrew, what's going on? Hey, how you doing? Good. What's up, man? Anthony, next time you do a Paisanos commercial, maybe your girlfriend will come in and talk about the children's menu. You're laughing in the hallways, Anthony. I'm trying to. Very funny. You know me, I'm trying to help you out here. The child menu. I will not allow this to go on, Anthony. Brendan Baccaro checking in, Anthony, from the 70s. Give me my joke back. It's hard for Anthony to ignore those Tam Fudd commercials while he's watching you so funny. Shut up. God, I hate you, man. Me? I'm trying to get out of here. I'm talking to all the listeners. Yes. Stay down, Rock. Just stay down. Hey, Anthony, do you watch the Tam Fudd commercials with your girlfriend in preparation for her big day? Yeah, that's exactly it. I tell her all the time, don't be afraid when it happens. It's part of becoming a woman, you F and C word. Hey, what happened? Opie is usually the one who always puts his foot in his mouth, not you. That's true. That's why this is fun. It happens. What can I say? Oh my God. It's just painful on the phone. Let's go to Mark. Hi, Mark. Yeah, how are you doing? Good. Yeah, is it true that Ant brought his girlfriend in to bring his daughter to work today? Ant, I'm sorry. I thought he was on the highway. I see. Yes. I don't understand. The guy got wowed on the turnpike. I know, they lie just to get through with those hysterical remarks that they make. I apologize, Anthony. Someone wants to know if you're going to be at Lafayette Falls. In Poughkeepsie. Open it for the Dice Man with my funny tampon joke. Says your girlfriend wears tampons or diapers. I see the humor is taking the truth and then exaggerating it so much that it just becomes hysterically funny like the listeners are doing diapers. See, that's so funny. All right. We're done with that, right? Thank you. Thank you, listeners. This is fun. Oh man, this just in. Want to shut them up? This guy's giving me advice. Tell them how you traded in your 63 for an 81. Jesus Christ. We could take a break if you like, Anthony. That usually helps things along. Oh, does it? Yeah. Man, you say one thing. Looks like Jim got wowed on the LIE. Jim? Yo, listen, I got two tickets to Sesame Street Live. We can't go because my daughter's got her adoption taken out. Maybe Anthony wants them. Yeah, sure. I'll go. Oh, wow. Danny up in West Chester. He just got wowed. Danny? Hello? Yeah, what's up, Danny? Yeah, hey, I just called to find out if Anthony Cox is well as well. All right. Thank you. Ant, was your girlfriend alive during the Bill Buckner incident? That's Mike from Rockland. Kenny from Oceanside. Sarah Jessica Parker. What's funnier? Paul. Oh, this is a good one. Paul from Lawrence. I think I heard someone order a gin and tonic. Hey, Anthony, the yellow one is this one. Bob Hope checking in. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Bob Hope checking in. Anthony, he's one funny guy. Beria from New Rochelle. Ronnie King didn't think of being this bad. It was one lousy line. That's one friggin' thing. One lousy line in the middle of commercials. Give me a break here. All right. I'm being hammered. When Anthony's girlfriend accused him of being a pedophile, Anthony said, That's a mighty big word for a 12-year-old. Can I go on record as saying, my girlfriend is not 12 years old. Okay. Can I at least say that? Yes, you can. You're a bunch of frickin' jackasses. She just had a birthday. Howie from New York. Shut up. Anthony, Howie from New York writes, Anthony, turning comedy into tragedy. That's funny. I think you've taken it off the juice there, huh? Anthony, how much are your girlfriend's Girl Scout cookies? I mean, you know, I apologize, Anthony. Bill from Jersey. Anthony, don't be so hard on yourself. I got it. I like to dress up as a woman and play with tampons. You're running them in here really fast, though, Anthony. Oh, aren't they? No, Eric. Eric writes, Anthony, oh, she's 11? You could bike, swim, and wear white shorts, right? Okay. Wait, do the crickets for me, Ed? You gotta abuse yourself. That's really funny. You got the machine. One more time. You could bike, swim, and wear white shorts, right? What? Okay. All right. Thank you. All right. Thank you. I'll be here all week. Try the veal. You could bike, swim, and wear white shorts, right? All the news you need to know and boom. This is W.O.W., the WOW radio station. W-N-E-W. W-N-E-W. Anthony, stacker two, the world's strongest fat burner. Yeah, you gotta lose weight. Stacker two's the answer. You pee during out during the day. Maybe you're in the office. It's like 3.30. You're there until 5, and you're like, I ain't gonna make it. Go into your desk. Pull out that bottle of stacker two. You pop one of those capsules 45 minutes later. You're asking the boss, what more can I do? I have five minutes left. Well, no, it's not acid. It's stacker two, the world's strongest fat burner. Yeah, you feel the effect to just one stacker two within 45 minutes, or you get your money back. None of the midday cravings. And talk about energy. How about in the bedroom? Oh, my God. You'll be slamming her. Hope you don't have a creaky bed. There you go. Why wait until New Year's resolution till you make your New Year's resolution to lose the weight? Take stacker two now and get a head start. There you go. Log on to stacker two, the world's strongest fat burner. At stacker, the number two dot com, stacker two dot com, or call them 1-800-LIGHTLINE, 1-800-LITELIN. Stacker two, the world's strongest fat burner. Our listeners have proven it does work. Wow. It's the gift that keeps on giving the official ONA wow t-shirt. Give one. Give one. You'll be looking at some luscious ones right now. Order now. Wow. Your big, bold radio station. WNEW.com. The ONA show. Phone number 2127571027. Opie? Yes, Anthony? Remember, you always refer to the little girl running down the streets of Vietnam. Remember that picture? One of the most famous pictures ever. Nine-year-old Vietnamese girl severely burned by napalm, runs down a village road. Well, she's putting a book out. She's got a little book out open. Everyone's putting a book out. You might ask, no, Anthony, why are you bringing this up? Yeah, why, Anthony? Well, it's her name. Her name? Her name. Does she have one of those wacky names? She's got a wacky name, and I want John to lay off the button. I want John the Dump Guy to lay off the button. All right, hold on. Because I'm reading a name out of the paper. Let me see the name. All right, Opie, look right in the box here, and you can see what her name is. Okay. Whoa, really? There you go. How the hell do you say that on the air? It's her name. Maybe you should spell the last name before you say it, just to make sure we're safe. I don't understand how you wouldn't be able to say the girl's name. It's in USA Today. She's got a book out. She's the one that ran down the street screaming naked. Spell it first. Spell it first. Spell it first. Well, Kim, K-I-M. Okay. Her last name is spelled P-H-U-C. All right, kids, hold on to your hats. That would make her name Kim Fuck. Well, what? There's no way that's her name. Is that really how you pronounce that? I would say so. Maybe we could get an Asian person on the air to help us along. I'm just reading it phonetically as I see it written time and time again. Did they dump out of that? As it says, Canadian writer Denise Chong begins her accounts of Fuck's life, unusual life by describing the girl's close-knit family and the turmoil of war-torn Vietnam. Well. The picture. I'm reading from the paper. It says that line? Yes. Show me where it says that line. Let me see that line. What's up? Let me see. You read word for word. Let me see. Look. You read some. Because I don't want to dwell on that. Whoa, look at that. It does say that. Okay. It's her name. It's in the paper. You want to see? What is it? Page 6D of USA Today's USA Today. Kim. P-H-U-C. Right. There you go. Thank you. Now the radio first. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Ike is saying it's pronounced a different way. Anthony. Let's hear from Ike. Hey, guys. What's going on? Ike. Yeah. It's actually not fuck. It's pronounced Phuk. P-H-U-K. Oh, please. I'm not kidding. There's a place in Thailand. You know, some of these Southeast Asian places have similar names. A place in Thailand, and I'm not joking, it's called Phuket. Phuket. P-H-U-K-E-T. Well, this is a C. I don't know. It's not spelled in Thai. C. This is spelled in English, guys. Please see. I am going to do something. I'm going to check on a website, and I know we'll be able to get to the bottom of that. All right. I will go to Switchboard. Right. And then we may be able to call somebody with this name. Okay. All right. P-H-U-C. P-H-U-C. P-H-U-C. P-H-U-C. P-H-U-C. P-H-U-C. P-H-U-C. P-H-U-C. P-H-U-C. P-H-U-C. P-H-U-C. That's it. No city. No nothing. There we go. The Reverend Anthony. Bye, ching, ching, ching. Okay. Dial them up. Is there anyone with the first name Anita, Anthony? Anita. I don't want to push it. Oh, yes. You don't have to say the last name. Lou. Name some of the first names. Just read off some of the first names of the P-H-U-C family. Funny. The first one is the Reverend Anthony P-H-U-C. Okay. Phuc. Phuc. Or, if you want to pronounce it, I don't know. Din, Hao, Lu, Ma, Yin, and Tan. No Anita. No Anita. Big. Do you want me to call him? Yeah, call him. Yin, Yang, Tai, Tai, Tai. Write down some of the numbers. Let's call him up and find out how it's pronounced. Go ahead. Write down some numbers. Let's get this. Because the person with the name should know how to pronounce it. Right. Mario, what's going on? Yeah, what's up, guys? How are you? Listen, I just want to know. I have a Chinese girlfriend and that P-H-U-C is not pronounced like you guys are saying it. She's Vietnamese, this lady, though. Well, it's all oriental, all the same thing. It's pronounced Puck. It's not a Puck. All right. We will see. I hate to throw a vampire on it. We will see. We'll get to the bottom. I think the best person to tell us how the name is pronounced is someone with that name. That's right. Do you concur? Do you concur? I concur. Okay. Rick, John, get to the bottom of it. We'll get started with a couple of those numbers first. Let's see if we can dial that right up. There's no one called some dumb. I want to get the phones, but we're pushing it. So I'm just... Like she'd be, Spencer, like she'd be walking around and she got hit with an F-ing A-bomb Mike, you stupid ass. Brilliant. Yeah, Mike. That was Chirishimo. No, Mike, you were wrong this time around. Everyone's laughing. They went out. We were just pronouncing someone's name. Of course it has to go out there. Someone's saying exactly what we pronounced. Poo-ha! You guys are finished. We're not finished. We were saying a name. Yeah. Japanese dirty knees. Look at these. Remember that one? Mm-hmm. That was a good one. Remember that one? Mm-hmm. That was P-H-U-C-I-N-G. Funny. No, she wasn't found in contaminated water. Why is everyone freaking out? Because we pronounced someone's last name. Yeah. That's how it's spelt in the paper. Very, very respected periodical. The USA Today. Guys, I'm just writing to say goodbye because there's no way you're getting away with that. Come on. Wait until the lawyers get wind of this one. P-H-U-C-U. Hey, it's P-H-U-C-U Friday tomorrow. Right. P-H-U-C is not pronounced, and then he spells it correctly. It's pronounced, lick my hairy ant with a shh while I shove my ant down your mother's throat. Thank you very much. Very good. This guy says he was in Vietnam and he knows how to pronounce the words. All right. Nick, what's going on? Hey, how you doing? Good. What were you in the house? I was in the Mekong Delta, and I was in a place called, it's spelled B-I-N-H-P-H-O-U-C. It was pronounced bin phook. And the name you're pronouncing, Anthony, has the correct pronunciation. Yeah, O-U-C would be phook. Right. I was in bin phook, and it was a big joke because it was such a ridiculous place that when you got there they told you, you bin phook. So Anthony's really pronouncing it the right way, huh? Yeah, that's the correct pronunciation, yes. That rocks. There you go. Let's name someone that on our show so we can use it every day. Yeah, that would be good. Well, you've got to hire someone. O-G has a new name. That's it. Old, dirty, burp. Old, dirty, ph-u-c. What's the problem with the phone? We're waiting for you to get through to someone. We should be able to get some phook on the phone. Tile that phooker up. That's what I was saying. Every nationality pronounces it differently. I'm just as cold as I see it. You're right on top of it. So do I. I see the hotline is busy, but we're getting no results. He's getting answering machines. Answering machines? They're a bunch of working phooks. Is that the sound of the FCC cash register I'm hearing? I would love to see him get over on that one. You know? Please. It's a name. How the hell are you supposed to say it? We're reporting the news as it happens. Here's a guy that's from, who's Vietnamese? Hello? Hey, Cliff, what's up? Not much. My mother's Vietnamese. I actually have a Vietnamese dictionary in front of me. Yeah. And it's, I don't know if there's an accent. I don't have the USA Today article, the paper of record, but ph-u-c. There's an accent on the U usually. And it means happiness, and you pretty much are pronouncing it right. In Vietnam, it's just, I think, when I was over there, they pronounce it that way also, but I can't as in, I was born here, the inflection, I can't get it right. So it just comes out like that. So we're correct, right? Yeah, oh yeah, absolutely. See a lot of people saying... ...all over themselves about, you know. You just say the name. Thank you. Yep, thanks. All right. The girl's close-knit extended family in, look at where she lived. Trang Bang. She lived in Trang Bang. Get out of here. That's it. That's where the... That's where you go for the ph-u-c reunion. As it's pronounced, the fuck family lived in Trang Bang, Vietnam. All right, let's take a break. We'll be back. Give us a call, 212757-1027. This is not the Discovery Channel. This is the Opie and Anthony Show. The movie and black-o show. Have you checked out the WNEW Morning Show yet? Morning guys, morning guys, morning guys, morning guys. Warning, 1027. Morning guys, morning. WNEW. Obviously a lot of people are going to be gaining weight this holiday season. Everyone knows that. It happens every year. You pack yourself with all the turkey and the ham and all the booze, and you get fat. Keep your waistline in check for the New York Sports Club gym membership. Special holiday rates in effect today, so call for the location nearest you. 1-800-301-1231. The best part is the New York Sports Club offers only month-to-month memberships. You don't get locked in and become financially destitute like other gyms. You'll find tons of exercise equipment, amazing classes like spinning boxing, cultural dance, body pump, yeah, and yoga. You never get bored. There's no better time to join than now with the special holiday rates in effect. There's a New York Sports Club near you, 70 locations in the Tri-State area. Call them up, 1-800-301-1231. Better join now. You know it's going to be a New Year's resolution anyway, so do it now. New York Sports Clubs, 1-800-301-1231. There's a million reasons to join. Wow. It's the gift that keeps on giving, the official ONA Wow t-shirt. Get one, get one. You'd be looking at some lost ones right now. Order now. Wow. Your big, bold radio station. WNEW.com. How did you, uh, what? How did you used to get out of doing commercials at the last station we worked at? You know, you were there. Yes, yes. I want to hear you admit that that's indeed how you got out of, uh. Anthony, I didn't try to get out of, you know, doing commercials for the fine radio station we've worked for. No. No, no, no, no, no. I used all my skills that I, that I learned since I was 18 years old when I stepped into radio. Uh-huh. And it turns out I just can't cut it as a, as a voice guy. Just don't have that voice for commercials. Right, right. But I did give it the old college try and, uh, I, I have found over the years that I get less and less commercial work when I work for a radio station. I wonder why. Not for, not for lack of trying it. Oh, no. I know. I mean, all the skills I learned in college and over the years I, I, I've looked at good use, but it turns out like the sales department just, just not into my voice, I guess. Ah, wow. So, uh, after the show I, I could go home right at seven because I have no commercial, uh. Yeah. Commercials to cut as they say in the biz. Now, uh, why would you think I get so upset at the numerous outtakes we have of me screwing up? Uh, I get so upset because I kind of want to do a good job on some of these. I know it's kind of ridiculous and everything. If it is my voice and stuff and I have to do it, I would want to do kind of a good job. Sure. At least. Sure. Um, the, the last spot you did before the show today. What? Is a complete abomination. What are you talking about? Psycho Mark has been telling you, you have to do this spot. What do you guys got? For a week or two. Right. You kept saying, no, I'm not going to do it. Right. Psycho Mark ratted you out to the balls. Yeah. The boss comes in and says, Oh, just go in and please do it. Yeah. Uh, Psycho Mark did tattle on me. Yeah. He wasn't ratted. You tattled. F you jerk. I wasn't ratted. I'm covered my ass. How many times did you come to me and say, I need you to do this commercial? Five or six. At least. And anytime I said to you, he went, I didn't feel good. I didn't say I didn't feel good. I said, be honest. I said, I just don't want to do it. Do it. Do it. Like, no, no, no, no. I drove Psycho Mark nuts to the point where he's pulling his hair out of his head and stuff. And then he went to the boss and told. So then I had to do the spot. No, no, no. I went to the boss and explained to him that the spot will not be on the air because there's a certain air talent at the station that feels too mighty to do it. It's not that I feel too mighty. I just know, I just know I just don't have that voice for, for, you know, doing commercials. Right. Well, you could, right? You could, but there's a way he gets out of it. He does this. He's done it before. He does it again. You know what he does? He reads the commercial in such a way that no one in their right mind will ever say, I want to do a commercial. And the spot he just recorded is a perfect example of that. Well, we'll play it for you. And then you're just going to hear it in rotation. Like, this will be a commercial. You will hear it played on this station. Until the sponsor pulls it. And I'm willing to play the commercial I just cut. Okay. For you decide.com. Yes. You will, you will hear professionalism. Yeah. You will hear me trying. Of course. Trying your best. He walked out and goes, okay, watch this. He walks out of the office. I swear to God, he came back. I don't know how you're going to get me in trouble. Hey, hey, he came back about a minute and a half later. All right, all right, you're back. A minute and a half later. You're back. You were back in the office. So I left the office and I said, I have some business. I got to cut a spot. You came back so fast. One take. They used to call them slappy up in Massachusetts. I swear to God. They used to call them slappy. I would be there to record a commercial. I would say it was for a motorcycle company. I would get CDs of motorcycle sound effects and little other things that would enhance the spot, some cool driving music behind it, and do a few takes on the reed to make it sound energetic and fun and kind of spice it up. It had all sorts of motorcycle sounds. Right. After the show, I'd go in and my little box would be full of copy to do spots. All of a sudden, I was the production guy. Because you did such a good job. And Opie's box was empty. He may have had like, Opie, do this dub. A dub is when you get a tape. It's already done and you just have to put it on the cart, which is the medium we use here to run the commercial. Not have to utter a word. You have to transfer a tape. You do it at home if you're dubbing a tape off for your friend. That's what his responsibility was. And you've got to make it even clearer for the audience. Because you were so motivated when we first started working together. It was my first real radio job, so I wanted to make a good impression. I was learning the equipment. First we were doing it on tape, and then I got the digital workstation. I was really psyched and pumped to learn how to do it and really see what I could do with this stuff. So I would pour myself into these spots. And they would give you a spot and say, you know, do your best. And you would do the spot. You would spend an hour on a 60-second spot. Sometimes it would be an hour to really make it sound very good. And the guy that had to hand out this work, he loved your work so much that he just kept giving you more and more and more. And what people got to know is that one of my commercials was nominated for an Air Award in Massachusetts. Remember that? Yes, I did. My read for that head shop or whatever it was. And the drag is, because after you do a radio show, when you're off the air at 7, you want to go right home. And you would check your production box and see, ah, ah, ah, ah. So I figured out a long time ago how to get out of it. You just don't sound it. Slappy. They called him slappy. Why? He would slap these together so fast. And it wasn't just like now we walk in and we pick up the paper, we read it. Mark does all the work. Psycho Mark. We just have to read it into the mic. Back in Massachusetts, we would have to put everything together. We would record the music separate, all on different tracks. And then mix it and bounce it down onto the cart. I mean, it was work. Right. And they called him slappy because he would slap it together. Sometimes the music was so loud you couldn't hear what he was saying. He would slur through words. It was the worst thing. Sometimes the 60 would only come out to be 45 seconds. And if it did, you would have to do it again and maybe stretch it. Maybe like double a few words in a dramatic fashion using some effect. Oh, we'll just slap it together, right? 45 on the drone. He didn't care. Slappy. The funny part about it is because at that time I was in radio a lot longer than you. Right. You would dim through that. So I just learned the loopholes, let's say. And it was so funny. Every night at 7 o'clock when we first got to Boston, they didn't know what was going on. So our production boxes would be even. We'd both have three or four commercials to do. And then eventually your pile would get huge. It would be like a foot high, two feet high, and I would have nothing in my bin. I swear we'd just have one little reel-to-reel tape and a cart. Put what's on reel-to-reel on cart. Thank you. And that's all Opie would do. And even that, it wasn't queued up right. You'd hit it and there would be dead air for a second. Then the commercials would come in. Or he'd record over the splice. He didn't even care. But it took you a while to catch on because the cart wouldn't be bulk. You'd have two commercials running on the same thing. It wasn't that bad. But it took you a while to catch on. You'll be honest about that, right? Yeah. We would leave the show at 7 and check our commercial boxes. And I'd be like, oh wow, and I have nothing to get at all. It looks like you're going to be here until midnight. I'll see you tomorrow. Yeah. That was it. When we got here, we really didn't have to do production anymore. Which was very nice. But as more sponsors came onto the Opie and Anthony show and want more of the personal touch of Opie and Anthony added into their spots, we were being brought into production to do some reads. Not put the spots together, but just do the live read. Which is fine. So Opie starts getting like, hey, screw this. I'm a busy man. Tactic. That got him the name Slappy. Wait till you hear them. Wait till you hear them. Yeah. Pondering. I put a lot of effort into this commercial. I almost asked myself, laughing so hard, I couldn't actually believe that you were reading it in this particular way. This is my style. Do you understand, Willett? It's a new style, man. Let me tell you. This is my delivery. Everyone has a very special delivery. This one's called Quailu. Mark, how long did it take from the time you turned on the mic and me leaving your studio? Ben, what's the time on the card? A minute and nine. There you go. That's how long it took. A minute and nine. Maybe a second more for you to breathe. Opie's too busy doing lunch and firing people. Shut up. You always do. Shut up. That's my secret idea. You should have seen his face when he walked in the studio. He's like, no, get him a card. Turn it on, turn it on, give him the mic, where's the copy? He's like, watch this. Did he? Now, you know, when I go in there, I like to read through the copy at least once. No, no. Cold read. No, for sake. That's it. He's the Edward of radio. You should have seen his eyes. Cut. He has the sickest look on his face. He's like, watch this. And he's just got these evil-ass eyes. And he's like, that's it. That's a cold copy. All I have to say is my work speaks for itself. It absolutely does. You can say what you want, but it's very clear after you hear this fine read, I'll be doing a hell of a lot more. Oh, I'm sure. Opie doing reads in the gonzo style, I believe. There goes this account. So you want to play this? Yeah. Listen to Opie's fantastic read for you decide.com. This is a free spot, by the way. They're not scheduled to run right now. Oh, of course. Throwing him a bone, are you? And you'll notice, what a guy. You'll notice my use of sound effects. Oh, really? And music to spice up the read-in. All right? All right. Let's hear. That's why you hear music behind the live reads and the sound effects, just to spice it up. Yeah. Keep you interested. Here it is. Udecide.com. I have a friend who's buying a house. He asked me if I knew where he should get a loan. What do you think I said? A bank? A mortgage broker? You know what I told him? Neither. I also told him the best place to figure it out is udecide.com. You've probably heard of it. It's a great new website that makes complicated decisions like this easy. That's udecide.com. Udecide.com. First, you can find out just how much house you could afford. They have a special calculator that figures out what your payments would be. You can compare different loans from lenders you know. You can choose a loan without any sales pressure. You can ask questions and get advice. And by the way, udecide.com has no vested interest in which loan you choose, so they're not going to push one provider over another. If you need a mortgage, go to udecide.com. Even if you think you've already decided on a bank or a broker, give them a try. I'm telling you, they eliminate 80% of the stress of getting the right home mortgage. How much is that worth to you? It's called udecide.com. Life is full of decisions. Udecide can help you with some of them. You've got to be kidding me. What? It's my new style, Ed. Style? It's going to be hot. Is that on the phone? Yeah, that's hot on the phone. How am I supposed to go from an up-tempo number? Ed, what's the problem? Harry, this is Ben. Oh, you opie stole my boy. Oh my God. Lisa, who works in sales upstairs. Are you for real with that? Let me tell you something. You ever read one of my clients copy like that? I dare you. There you go. It works perfectly. There you go. It works perfectly. That was terrible. How many salespeople are going to be asking me to do live reads in the next month, Anthony? You'll do a live read. Don't you worry. Listen to this. Steven Reichek, and it sounds great to me. Anthony, don't be caught in this crap. What? This is how he does it. Well, let me tell you something. You ever do that to me, I'll kill you. And you will do my live read. Oh. If you're into my new style, then bring it on. Goodbye, guys. His new style. That's your new style? Yes. That's how you're doing every read. I've been working on it for a while. That's the debut of my new style. Jeff, what's up? Jeff, what's up? I like that new format of commercial you have. Thank you. Spas on helium. Unbelievable. It is unbelievable. What a professional broadcaster. All right, Jeff. Thank you. Goodbye. And we're for real, man. I mean, the commercial is labeled and everything. It's in the commercial rack. Oh, no. You will hear that one. Because that's it. That's what Opie gives. He gives until he can give no more. He walked out of that studio wiping his brow. I can't go home. I'm just waiting for that call to be the movie guy, Anthony. Oh, like the movie guy? Yeah, that travels around in a limo. He was from Paramount Pictures. Yeah, that's that guy? Yeah. I'm going to take over for him soon. It started in a small town. The horror, the... You know a lot of people saying you sound like? Do you like having your background? I don't know. We need a better version of that, by the way. I sent it to us. Yeah, that one's a little too fuzzy. All right, Anthony. So that was wonderful. Thank you. Very nice. I'm sure you'll just be flooded now with other sponsors that want the new Opie Gonzo style. You got to admit, it worked perfectly, though. It certainly did. It took 30 seconds for one of the sales girls from upstairs to call in and say, you know... You're not doing her reads like that. Right. Great. Let's go to Bill. Bill, what's going on? Oh, that commercial, I swear. It felt like it took Leif an hour off my mic. That was incredible. You guys rule. All right, Bill. Thank you. People think we're joking. We're not joking at all. This is it. Andy, what's up? That was the most horrible read that I've ever heard. You know what? I agree with the other guy. I'm surprised you didn't start talking about Bella. Yeah, but she... But you see, everyone is working. Favorite decide.com. You're not going to forget udecide.com now because they'll find new style. Right? Of course. Of course. All right, we might be in trouble. Judy, who's in charge of all the sales girls and guys upstairs. Judy? Yeah? It's Hope. How are you? Hey, Hope. That was beautiful. I think you should do your whole show like that and that way your ratings will match our revenue. Oh. It was fabulous. Thank you. Do you hear the sarcasm, Hope? No. I think it's great. I think you should do your whole show like that. You'll have Ben sign on every day and we'll find you some other special guests. The Hope and Anthony show. All right. Thank you. Yeah, and we'll have ratings and revenue to match like we did a couple years ago. 1027. Thank you, Judy. N.E.W. Thank you, Judy. Well, thank you guys. Have fun. All right. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Jay, checking in from Wanto. I just had to drink. Hope, you just did spaz his voice. Kind of close. Paul. Yeah, guys. What's up? Hey. Hey, for those of us playing the ONA drinking game, Hope just did an imitation of James Earl Jones. Oh, yeah. James Earl Jones. Go down, baby. Have a good day. All right. Thank you. There you have it. The debut of my new commercial reel. New style. There you go. You'll be hearing that sweeping the country probably. I'm guessing other jocks and voice people are going to start adopting that style and take it. They're going to steal your voice. I wouldn't be surprised. Elmira. I just want to say, Hope, you sounded so dead, but that was the funniest thing I've ever heard. Oh, she liked it. Oh, thank you, Elmira. Well, I don't think it was supposed to be funny. This better not backfire on me and then all of a sudden I get a ton of commercials now. Yeah, see? They're going to start liking that style. That wouldn't be good. And then all of a sudden you'll notice YouDecide.com is just getting pounded. You know something, people? Pound YouDecide.com. No, no, no, no. And if there's anything on that site that says, how did you find out about us? Opie from the Opie and Anthony Show. No, don't do this to me. Opie's fantastic live read. Go right now, YouDecide.com. All right. All of a sudden you'll be going, oh, Opie, you've got to do that voice, that read. It's fabulous. Did you learn your reads at the Iona School of Broadcasting? Come on, man. Hey, I fell asleep a minute. Did you play the spot? Tom Brokenjaw is checking in. He wants me to fill in for him tonight on NBC Nightly News. Muhammad Ali wants me to do his commercials for him. Take all hog on. Float like a cinder block, sting like a marshmallow. Aunt Matt from Red Bank wants me to do his read for his company. Yeah, see, look, they're all coming in. Was that the Hal 9000 line of commercials? Tom from Tenec, holy S, I just heard Opie's read on Z100. They're already taking it. You're going to be like a national guy now. Very, very flattered. Thank you. Wonderful. All right. You done abusing me? No, I can't. OK. OK. And EW. After the sports guys and before Opie and Anthony, Leslie Gold is the radio chick. A king, you're out with a radio chick. I'm the king because I'm the king of all impersonations, and I want to marry you. Well, why don't you do an impression of a guy she'd actually be interested in marrying? Pick the chick. Mid-days, 10 to 2, 1 to 2, 7. WNEW. Hey, guys, forget the jewelry. This is the gift for your special woman, a gift certificate to Maximus Day Spa and Salon. I know she'll love it because I sent Sandy, and she can't wait to go back. Anthony sent his mom, and Rick sent his wife. Everyone loves Maximus. Their exclusive water journey is incredible with a head-to-toe water massage, an exotic salt glow body treatment, and V.C. shower, even a cascading waterfall. And their European-trained massage therapist give the perfect, most soothing body massages and facials. You could get her a package gift certificate or a gift certificate in any dollar amount. Then she'll have her choice of services at any of Maximus's three locations, Merrick, the mall at the source in Westbury, or the soon-to-open Maximus in Soho. Everything is absolutely first class. Just give them a call. Maximus, right now. 516-222-8880. That's 516-222-8880. Guys, do it now. Maximus, 516-222-8880. Here we go. 1027 WNEW. Anthony, Boomer McCloud. Boomer McCloud. There you go. You're happy with your car stereo, are you? I bet not. For sound that hits you right between the ears, it's Boomer McCloud, the nation's number one car audio retailer. They got over 90 stores in the Northeast. And don't freeze your ass off this winter. Warm up your car engine with a remote car starter. Just $79 a Boomer McCloud. Cheap. Boomer remote starters. Car from 300 to 500 feet away. Boomer McCloud has the latest technology in mobile video. Got in-car navigation, security systems, remote car starters, and car audio from Sony, KICKR, Clarian, and a lot more. Boomer McCloud offers expert installation. By trained installers and financing always available, don't void your factory warranty. Don't go to some discount house for your installation. Go to Boomer's, where you get the trained professionals. Yes. 1-888-IN-STEREO. That's how you get them. Call 1-888-IN-STEREO. This is what you want. Call 1-888-IN-STEREO for the Boomer McCloud nearest you. And me. And me. Tonight on a very special Ron and Fess.com. We'll check out what's going on at CampChaos.com. Oh, I love camp. The wilderness lets me release my inner animal. Fess by inner animal. You mean a gerbil? Yes. Mr. Nibbles loves the wood. Ron and Fess.com. Tonight at 11 on 1027 WNEW. All right, we're talking about Gene Gipp. We just saw the automatic door scene. My God, Paul is trying to get through an automatic door. And it opens up, but he can't get through it before it closes again. And he's like up against it and just totally freaking out. Flailing. His arms and legs are flailing, his head. Oh, Ron from Jersey. If he couldn't stay in his chair at the Oscars because he was happy, can you imagine what he would look like rubbing one out? He would be flying around the room with his junk in his hand like a fire hose going full blast with no one holding it. Yeah, and everyone's talking about the popcorn scene there. They're queuing that one up for us there where he eats popcorn off the floor. But it's time to play the King Gimp game, Ant. Yeah, very easy game. We're going to give you a King Gimp quote. An actual quote lifted from the tape in King Gimp's own voice. And he's actually saying something. Yes. We were going to have it where you just had to guess what he said. Yeah. But it would be impossible. It would be impossible. So we will give you multiple choice. Correct, Ant. It sounds like it's easy, doesn't it? Yes. And we've got some great prizes today. Can we give all this stuff away? Anything we got? No. The ONA prize has been here. We've got Red Hot Chili Pepper tickets, Anthony, to see the Food Fighters, July 14th at the PNC Arts Center. Tickets to see your buddy Adam Farrar at the Toyota Comedy Festival. Steven Lynch tickets for the Toyota Comedy Festival. Just an ONA prize package which is basically CDs and stuff. Warped tour tickets featuring Green Day at Randall's Island, Sunken Meadow, Saturday, July 15th. Now we'll keep that one for another time. And we have some Up and Smoke tickets. Up and Smoke tour tickets featuring Dr. Dre, Snoop Doggy Dog, Ice Cube, and Eminem, July 19th at the Coliseum. Up and Smoke. Yo. Alright. Yeah. So let's play. Let's go to the phones and talk to Chris, our first contestant. Chris, what's up? Hey, what's up, guys? How are you feeling today? Alright. You alright? Okay, here's the King Gimp clip. Listen closely. Nice. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Okay, terrific. You've got to be freaking kidding me. Okay, horrific. That's King Gimp, man. What? Yeah. Yeah. Alright, we'll give you the multiple choice. Alright, I'll pick C. I'll pick C. No, we'll give you the choices. Why don't you give him the choices? I don't have them with me. Alright, I got them here. We're supposed to get two copies of this. That's okay. Is King Gimp saying, A, sometimes people laugh at me, and sometimes they laugh at me? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. A, sometimes people laugh at me, but a Gimp is who I am. B, most people think Gimp means someone with a lame walk, but Gimp also means fighting spirit. Or C, anytime I crap myself, I laugh because mom has to clean it up. What does King Gimp say? Okay, I'm going to take away my C answer. Okay. Did they put subtitles underneath that? That's what they did? Oh. Okay, um. No, we figured it out. What are you kidding? Yeah. Oh, God. Can you give me A and B again real quick? A, sometimes people laugh at me, but a Gimp is who I am. Or B, most people think Gimp means someone with a lame walk, but Gimp also means fighting spirit. Who? We need an answer, Chris. B. B? That's your final answer. Yeah. We got a winner. Now, would you like to see if that's indeed what he said? Yeah, let's listen. Listen closely. What did he say? This says most people think Gimp means someone with a lame walk, but Gimp also means a fighting spirit. King Gimp, everyone. Most people think Gimp means a lame walk, but Gimp also means a fighting spirit. I heard some words in there. You can make out a couple of the words. Yeah. Well, congrats. All right, Chris, you won. You won. Hold on the line, all right? All right, cool. Thanks. Maybe this is very easy. Yeah, well, line one, Chris has won the King Gimp game. We'll move right on to John here. John, you want to play King Gimp? Yeah, yeah, I want to play King Gimp. All right, where are you calling from? Clifton, New Jersey. All right, very good. You got to pay attention, okay? All right. All right, can we get the choices out? No, we get the clips out first? Yes, clips first. All right, here's the clip. Listen closely. All right. All right. What? What the hell was that? He said that while putting on a shirt just to help you out a little bit, okay? All right. Did King Gimp say A, that bitch needs a slap, B, I think my hip just snapped? Sorry. Sorry. And C, another day of crap. I think it's C. C, another day of crap? Yes. Bing, bing, bing. Let me tell you. These multiple choice questions are ridiculous. Why? I knew it would go over the top. Did I get it right? I got it right? Yeah, let's listen again. Another day of crap. Rick, you're making it too easy. Well, that's all right. Who cares? John, you got a prize. Hold on to line, all right? All right. I got this twice now. I need one and two or something. No, which one you got? You need three and four. All right, I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. You got it. Which one you got? You need three and four. Okay, I got that now. And you need all the clips, okay? Let me see something. You want to make sure it's a little harder? It's getting better. It's getting better? What? Shut up, man. I kind of laughed at the last one. I think my hips... I'd be willing to bet on GIMP3 that the guy will obviously get this. All right. I'll bet on that. I'll bet on that. I'll bet on that. I'll bet on that. I'll bet on that. I'll bet on that. I'll bet on that. I'll bet on that. I'll bet on that. I'll bet $20. All right. I'll bet $20 right now. We're not cheap with our prizes. It's okay. I mean, you can make it a little bit, a little harder. All right, Rick. Make it a little harder, all right? A little harder. All right. All right. We're easing into the game slowly, everybody. Easing slowly? Hey, James. Yes? You want to play the King James? James, you win. If you want to play the King James game, we have plenty of stuff to give you. I don't care. I'll play. All right. Are you enjoying the King James game? Oh, yeah. That's all that matters. Even better watching it. All right. We're going to play the clip. Listen closely. All right. All right. Here we go. Okay. Whoa. That's actual audio from King Gimp that was on HBO last night. I don't know. Don't worry. We'll give you the multiple choice. You have to figure out what King Gimp is saying, all right? Did King Gimp say, A, they wanted to kill me when I was born, but I was bouncing so much the doctor couldn't catch me? B, they wanted my mother to put me in an institution, but she would never give me up. Or C, did King Gimp say, my father didn't want me, so he moved to L.A. and married a stripper? B. Of course it's B. Oh, my God. I would have bet a thousand bucks that you would have gotten it. You would have had to be King Gimp to make that one. Let's play the clip. Of course he said, they wanted to kill me when I was born, but I was bouncing so much the doctors couldn't catch me? That's not what he said. They wanted my mother to put me in an institution, but she would never give me up. Here it is. One more time. I heard institution there. Yeah. Very good. James, you got a good ear for this. Thanks. The best quote is still to come though, guys. I know. You're kidding. We got a prize for you. Hold on a minute. All right. Thanks. Stinky and Spaz will take care of you, so hold on. All right. Our own King Gimp. Spaz. Yeah, Spaz looks like King Gimp. If he would grow that beard, dye it black, he is King Gimp. All right. We're going to move on to question number four here. Okay. Andrew. Yeah, what's up, guys? You want to play King Gimp? Yeah. This one is a little tougher. I got to give Rick that much. All right. This one is tough. A little tougher. All right. Andrew, listen closely. All right. All right. Here we go. Oh, wait. Hold on. Sorry. Like you got the pick, you're going to play the same one over and over. I know. Here is the one you have to listen to. Here we go. It is a pretty difficult question, a tough one. I have no clue guys. We got to give you multiple choice. Yes, Andrew. Here we go. Did King Gimp say A, no one can understand that I was an intelligent person inside of this body. B, everyone can laugh all they want. I am smart and have a hot body. C, nobody understands that I am not crazy. I am King Gimp. A. Oh wow, another winner. No one has lost this game yet. I'm amazed. You guys can read King Gimp. We have a lot in common. You guys speak King Gimp. Tell Rick he is an a-hole. Those answers are too easy. Andrew, hold on a minute. You have a prize too coming to you. Thanks guys. Line 4, Andrew has won the King Gimp game. You want to continue? Yes, first of all, I have the new answers here. But he hasn't written down which are the real ones. Without even hearing the clip, I want to slowly read through them and see if I can guess which ones Rick wrote. Okay. Listen to the clip. Are you insane? He is making me laugh today. Okay. All right. He is definitely making me laugh. I am saying before he even thought this one. Let's see. Yeah. Okay. Very good, Anthony. Debbie, you want to play the King Gimp game? Yeah. Where are you calling from? Merrick. You might as well just give everyone the prize. I know. All right, Merrick. Listen to the King Gimp quote and tell us what he is saying. Okay? Okay. Here we go. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. King Gimp. King Gimp. King Gimp. King Gimp. King Gimp. Wow. What? Is that audio of our own spaz? I was just going to say choking or something. It sounds like the week in review. Yeah. Oh my. All right, let's see how good you are at... I'll be the first person to lose, I am sure. Did Kim Kim say a she is a beautiful girl who I would love to sleep with but I don't think she likes me that way. B she has changed for the better because she she isn't as uptight as she used to be or C this chick is such a hot piece of ass. I would love to TF her but I'd probably take her eye out. I go with pay. Of course it's B. God damn right. Unbelievable. Are we running out of prizes Ben? Unbelievable. We've given out everything. It took us much to get these prizes and we're giving them away. Alright well hold back some of the stuff. I'm gonna give him like three choices of something alright. Alright Debbie hold on to line. I just ran six. What's wrong? I thought you were making it tougher Rick. Well the six is a little rougher. Alright. E.J. Alright you ready? I am ready. Okay. I'm ready. Okay. Alright. I'm ready. Alright. What? We're all going in. I was trying to follow line by line and I couldn't. Are any of these right? Yeah. Alright. Come on. Of course. Alright E.J. Don't be the first to lose. Okay let's see what you got for me. Did King Gimp say A. sometimes when I'm alone I cry because I'm not able to be normal but what can I do. B. sometimes it does get lonely but I don't really think about it much. Or C. someday I will be able to have a family of retards of my own that I can make fun of too. We're all going to hell. What is this Rick? I'm going to guess B on this one. You're going to guess B? Yes. We have another winner it looks like. Now I just want to play to see if we get to go A for A. I thought you said A and B were both pretty good answers though. Yes. At least it wasn't dead giveaway like T.S.ing her and poking her eye out. Yeah that's great. The humor of Rick. We're enjoying the humor of Rick today. Comedy style of Rick. Of Rick our producer. Alright E.J. hold on the line. Thanks a lot guys. You have won the King Gimp game too. Awesome. Ron playing along at home on the instant feedback. No he didn't say conductor. When do we reach flow spring? Matt why don't you have the callers try to guess just one word that the Gimp is saying without multiple choices. John from Hoboken. I love your show. Listen religiously every day but I have to say the King Gimp segment is truly caseless and not funny. Making fun of someone because of his medical condition they have no control over is completely heartless. King Gimp has done an amazing job of leading a rather normal life rather than normal life given his severe medical condition. It's not funny. Wow. Anyway back to the King Gimp game. Yeah. What our. I dare you to turn off the radio. I think King Gimp's saying drew down. That's racist. Ben Stein. New Jersey. All right. Let's see if we can keep the record alive here. Six out of six people have won the King Gimp game. What's easier to understand King Gimp or a dice when he calls in. I think King Gimp makes more sense. I'm over here now. Yeah. We have the next King Gimp clip Anthony. OK. I'm sorry. That's not the. That's not the King Gimp. Here we go. King Gimp. Come on. Be serious. I have it. Here it is. You got it. Yeah. OK. No I believe I have the next King Gimp quoting. You must be mistaken because I obviously have it over here. Yeah. OK. OK. Come in. All right. And stop fooling around. We got people that want to play the King Gimp game. Yes. Here's the next quote. Let us know what the King Gimp is saying. OK. OK brother. How did I get in there. All right. OK. All right. Come on. Have we run out of clips. I don't know. Come on. OK. All right. Let's let's go back to the phones and play the King Gimp game. OK. Here's the next clip. Can we see your stuff? Hey Ross. What's up. What's up. You having fun listening to the King Gimp game today. I almost got in a full car crash. All right. Cool. All right. Don't be the first one to lose the King Gimp game. My luck I probably will. All right. Listen closely to the following quote from King Gimp that was on HBO last night. And you just have to tell us what King Gimp is saying here. Here it is. I have few of those. And when you look at me, I was playing the game. OK. Terrific. Yeah. That's what I was just about to say. OK. Horrific. All right. Ross is King Gimp saying A. I had two people try and take advantage of me but I have some friends who said F that S. B. I had two professors that wouldn't even speak to me. I was thinking F this S. C. I had two professors that wouldn't even speak to me. I was thinking F this S. C. If the two professors tried to use me as a science experiment again, I was going to bust a cap in their ass. F that S. Or D. We're adding even more answers to make it a little tougher, Anthony. If those two professors had their way, I would not have been allowed in school. F that S. Ross, what did King Gimp say? I'm going to go with A, guys. A? Yeah. No. You are our first loser, Ross. King Gimp did not say I had two people try and take advantage of me but I have some friends who said F that S. What King Gimp was saying is I had two professors that wouldn't even speak to me. I was thinking F this S. Here it is. I had two professors that wouldn't even speak to me. I was thinking F this S. Wow, we just had a Kim Kersen on our radio show. I had no idea when we first played that clip. The only word you could recognize is the S word in that. Light FM checking in, Anthony. We would be interested in hiring King Gimp for our next Light FM commercial and possibly DJing for us as well. Instead of a Valerie Smalldome, you could have King Gimp on Light FM. Let me tell you something. No talk. No, you have him talk. Let me tell you something. You won ratings. You hired King Gimp to do a show opposite us. We would listen. Imagine that. We would blow off our show to listen to that every day. A talk show? Or music? Would he be a music jock? No, a music jock. So he talks a couple of times. Alright, we have one more contestant for King Gimp. Yeah. Thank God. Alright. Ben from Suffer in New York. I guess John the Dump Guy doesn't know King Gimp-ish either. No. Thank God. Wayne from Tarrytown. This is not actually King Gimp. Who is it? A. Tom Brokenjaw. B. Spazz. C. Christopher Reeds. Or D. Bob Hope. Alright. Dennis! Dennis, what's going on? What's up, guys? Do you want to play the King Gimp game? Of course you do. Absolutely. And you've been having fun picking this game out today? Yeah. I think the Knicks are down their new center. Alright. Alright, listen to the King Gimp quote and tell us what King Gimp is saying. Very easy. Here we go. Oh. What? What? What? Okay. Whoa. Just saying we're using the tip of our tongue to say what it means to play a game that reviews militarism. Yes. Our 발并나utedosvel falling out. Oh no. Was that spares and style you de-chlorian speech? Dennis here we go. Did King Gimp say A. Everyone loves the person who fights to preserve but only I am the Gimp. B. Persevere. I'm sorry. Everyone loves the person who fights to persevere but only I am the Gimp. B. Everyone has a handicap but the way they deal with it is how you win. C. Everyone has a handicap but only a few are the Gimp. D. Everyone has a handicap but Jesus Christ I really f'ed up. This blows. Someone please I've got to get laid. I've got to say D just for the hell of it. What the hell we'll give you a prize. We don't care. Dennis you lost but you won. Alright cool. Dennis said everyone has a handicap but only a few are true Gimp. Alright. You sure that wasn't tactic you in between the third and fourth quarters the other night? Well Dennis you're a winner too. What the hell. Alrighty. Alright hold on a minute. Thanks for playing the King Gimp game. Thanks guys. Alright. John checking in. I think King Gimp said yo B I didn't steal no Corona. OP. F. Their psychosis is no real. This is not an app. 100. F'ing 100. 1027. W. N.E.W. Wow. It's a gift that keeps on giving the official ONA wow t-shirt. Get one. Get one. You'd be looking at some watch this one right now. Order now. Wow. Your big full radio station. WNEW.com. Ron Reagan. American badass. Remember that when he took over from Carter who was just like you know running the country into the ground. He was such a pussy. And then all of a sudden but Reagan he didn't give a flying F what anyone said. He had his policies. He enacted them and he didn't care what anyone said. You know what these guys are so wishy washy on both ends. God damn. I like them or hate them I would have to say Reagan was the last real leader in this country. And who knows how much he actually led. At least he made a good figure. And there you go. You know at least you were you were getting the illusion that this guy was in charge. I don't care. Another couple of years go by and they're going to remember Bill Clinton for a Hummer in the White House. A Hummer in the White House. That's all. Believe me all the good stuff. And yeah we've had eight years of prosperity. It's been really nice and everything. But 20 30 40 years down the road. Oh yeah Bill Clinton the BJ president. I remember him. Remember Reagan though. The Iranians gave back all the hostages the next day. I was there like OK we understand this guy. That was a big change whether you liked it or not. At least there was a something change. People realize he was out of his mind and he didn't have and he didn't have all of his remember Reagan's little guffaw on the mic. The bombing starts in five minutes. God damn what a set of nuts on that guy. He's over a satellite that's being everywhere. He talks about the Russians. The bombing. Who was this on. Just there. I love that. Just even joke about that. The joke about it while these missiles are sitting there rumbling waiting to launch each other. They rumbled for like eight straight years. He's like in the restaurant. Did he just say the bombing started in five minutes. You know they were probably like on the phone or just watching it. What did he say? The goddamn guy can take a bullet too. Let's not forget. He had cancer. He shot. Look at that. That's a leader. I don't know what that wife is. The guy's now has no brain left and he still goes around. He's like Spock when they took Spock's brain out. He just walks around. But God damn he's still kicking. I picture a shield high above the earth that will protect us from enemy missiles. We're calling it Star Wars. It was like what? Wow. I saw the movie. It's great. Now this guy wants to build that stuff. It's fantastic. You're amazed because at home all you're doing is playing Pong and this guy has this vision of Star Wars. I'm like God damn. That will eliminate incoming missiles. This is great. Like Missile Command? It's like Missile Command Ronnie Reagan right? He was just playing. Whatever. He was just playing Atari at home. It was a great idea. Mommy look at this game. Well get this around the world. Imagine all of a sudden Russian missiles coming. Look mommy I got the high score. Me won. Russians nothing. I picture a big yellow ball with a mouth eating the Russians going waka waka waka. If it gets far from a base there will be power pills and it will eat inky and binky and pinky. That's what I picture. Yes. Depending on whatever game you get yourself into. I picture a missile defense system that hits the missiles back and forth and goes boop boop boop. And the first one to wink miss with a paddle. Yes. Hello. You just heard the sound from NORAD. We are victorious. I picture a defense system where a giant gorilla throws barrels at the Russians as they hop on a conveyor belt. Our Italian allies will help with Mario. They will jump around trying not to get eaten by plants and what not. My defense system is a frog that tries to jump across a crowded street. God damn Reagan. You got to love them though. Hell yeah. You know what's great about his idea? They came up with all the graphics. The graphics are great. You see the missile launch in space. This big retro rocket with fire and this can shaped thing with a laser beam. This is fantastic. This is beautiful. That was 20 years ago. What do we got now? If Ronnie was still in, forget it. With the video games out now. I picture a defense system where you drive a car through the streets of New York and hit everything and nothing happens. Our cities will be as indestructible as those games. I'm appointing Lara Croft, head of our defense system. Because she's a bad bitch. Yes. O.B. Anthony. W.N.E.W. W.N.E.W. Five shows. Fuzz guys! Morning! I'm Kenji too. It's me, Leslie Gold, the radio check. Hey, it's the most fun you can have without using your hands. It's Jeff O'Penney. Afternoons at Dolby and Anthony, 2 to 7. Ben at 7. Black, blonde and white. Go, go, go. Ron and Ben.com. Late night. 1 to 7. W.N.E.W. I was watching the MTV Movie Awards. That blew it off. Which sucked. So bad. So friggin' bad. They had that Sarah Jessica Parker hosting. She was horrible. Ruth Buzzy in a dress. Her face is looking like Ruth Buzzy. And she's like, braiding around. She kept doing costume changes every like five minutes, you know. She'd come out in a new dress. And she's showing off like she's all hot and everything. But you know, she used to be hot. She used to be hot. Exactly. In L.A. Story and a few years after that. Her boobage was getting like all flat and like it just wasn't working for me. The last few years have not been kind to Sarah Jessica Parker. Not working for me. And then everybody that was there, like all the big celebrities that show up for the MTV Movie Awards, they just dare to hawk their movies. That's all. They had Samuel Jackson talking about Shaft. He's wearing a Shaft hat. He's up there, Shaft this, Shaft that. MRFer. They had to bleep every other word he said. And then they had, what's his face there? It's in The Patriot. Oh, Mel Gibson. Mel Gibson. Yeah. Mel LeBlanc. Mel Gibson on first name basis with him. Mel. Yeah. Mel. Mel. Mel Lee Mel. They had him because he's got a movie coming out. Oh, a bunch of crap. Anybody that didn't have a movie coming out wasn't going to do the movie award. And it was obvious they were just there to hawk their movies. There were no highlights at all? Nothing. It was boring as hell. Boring. Adam Sandler came out and read a little acceptance thing like that was written from the kid from Big Daddy. Uh-huh. And that was mildly amusing until it really started going too long. He always goes too long in those award shows. And that was it. That was it. Like that was the highlight, if you can even call it that. Who do we have on the line? Hey, you want to talk about the MTV Video Awards? Dude, this thing sucked. It was so bad. I know. I mean, I thought the South Parkers kit would save it. It sucked too. Yeah. It was kind of funny when the Gladiator killed Kenny. And they're like, wait a minute. Tim is there. And then Timmy was in there. Tim-ah. Oh, really? They really tried to play that Sarah Jessica Parker thing off like it was going to be funny, but it just broke. She was so bad and she can't talk like naturally. It was obvious that she's reading from cue cards and all the MTV thing was supposed to be like the hip alternative to award shows. And they all act like it's the Oscars or something. They're reading off the teleprompters. They can't carry on a conversation with each other. It was ridiculous. The first few years of the MTV Movie Awards were pretty good. It was cool. You didn't know it was going to happen. Right. Now it's structured like every other award show. It sucks. They think it's like, oh, we're hip. The presenters come down on a slide from the back of the thing. Wow. That's cool. That's different than the Oscars. And then they step up to the podium and suck in the same long winded, dopey ass speeches. It used to be the anti award show. Now it's just another award show. It's too bad. It sucks. All right, man. Thank you. Yeah, thanks, bro. All right, cool. Sarah Jessica Parker. Hey. Hey. Who's this? You're not Sarah Jessica Parker. Oh, these are the fellas that were just trashing me. Are these the guys? Are you Sarah Jessica Parker? I am indeed. Now how do you prove that? How do I prove it? I don't know. How does one prove their identity with a phone? It does sound a lot like you. I got to say that. Do you listen to our radio show? No, I don't. As a matter of fact, my trailer driver had it on and I was fortunate enough to be live. The timing was absolutely beautiful. Absolutely beautiful to me. Sarah Jessica. I'm going to say your performance on the MTV Movie Awards, fantastic. I thought you did a great job. I loved the costume changes, especially the one at the end. You're such a puss, man. What? It's Sarah Jessica Parker. You don't have the balls to actually say to me what you said to your maybe limited audience. Come on, buddy. Limited audience? Come on. We have more people listening to this show than watching that sex in the city. Really? Yeah. Are you certain of that? Positive. What's the wait? Guys, listen. Take it easy. It's all right. You're absolutely entitled to an opinion. I just thought maybe I'd put a human face to some trash talk and I thought it would be helpful to you to actually make it less abstract and more of a person. I thought you were really hot in LA Story. Hello? That means the world to me. Thank you. What do you guys do? Are you DJs on the air in New York City? Yeah. Are you chat show hosts? Yeah, that's all we do. We're not as famous as you or anything. No. Listen, what I wanted to do, what I actually wanted to do, because I actually don't know you guys and I don't actually listen to the radio only because I don't have time, not because I'm an elitist or I think I'm above it. I simply don't listen to the radio that much. What I thought I might do, since you've hurt my feelings so terribly and since I actually am a person with feelings and you seem to have an idea about me that I'm sort of hideous and awful. What? Hold on. Okay. What do I do? Let me finish. I don't have time. I don't have time. What I do is I would invite you to the set if you're interested in coming and shooting in New York City, as you know, with our tiny little audience show called Back to the City, which is just bigger than ever. I saw the season premiere and I enjoyed the whole Staten Island thing you guys did this past week. Thank you. Well, thanks. That's big of you. Thank you. What I thought I'd do is if you bribed him brave enough, I thought perhaps you might want to come to the set and pay him a visit and actually see that I'm not a deformed, awful-looking person. Oh my. Wait, wait, wait. He actually forced me to toot my own horn. I will say did. We didn't take it that far. I have never been one that had been accused of being stilted in her speaking. I have made numerous appearances on Letterman for God knows how many years. Sorry, you seemed a little stiff. I'd hardly be accused of being a stiff person. Wait, we're just too... Let me just tell me the speech. We're just too schmucks on the radio. Letterman. What does it matter what we say? Letterman. We have personal taste. That's what it is. We have personal taste. That's all. I think it's a rather daunting experience to be the host of an award show when one has not made a living, more practice of doing that. And I think that perhaps if you met me, you might actually discover that you like me. You might actually be on my side. You want to come down today? We're on. No, no, no. I want 18 hours a day. I think you have to come here. I think that's the best you can do as men is to trod your little speech down to my set. Come visit me and say hello. Oh, look. Now she made me feel all bad. I know. You should. You don't realize we're people. You're asked to do something. Would you turn? Would you say no? Wait, wait, wait. I did not know you had to do it. Let me tell you something. Let me tell you something. We didn't say you were hideous or anything. Yes, you did. It's not really. We just said- Yes, you absolutely without question inferred that. Calling you Ruth Buzzy. Calling me old. I thought it was quite flattering when I said you started to look like Ruth Buzzy. You damn people aren't supposed to listen to these goddamn shows. You really think whoever you are, whichever one you are, you really think that calling somebody Ruth Buzzy is a flattering comment? You need to get out more often, my friend. It's called humor. We're just trying to have fun. You think people that heard that comment really go, oh, yes, she's looking like Ruth Buzzy? I can't wait to see what you guys look like. We're heinous. Wait. We're heinous. We're heinous. I imagine you are, and so you're so rocking out so with rage. That's what it is. With rage you are. Come on, boys. Come on to the set one day. We're two just radio talk show hosts. Don't be scared of me. Don't be scared of me. I'm not scared. You're going to have Matthew- Come to the set. You're going to have Matthew punch us in the nose? Matthew is so above punching you two in the nose. We love it. We got you. Who are we? You're like a big famous Oliver Star. You're just two local shot shots. These actually are real people with hearings and they work really hard and granted am I a flawless person? But no, do I go and fix it and become from Dale Sumner? That's who I am. Can we play What's in Sarah Jessica Parker's Pants right now? It's a game we play. I think it would be a good way to break the ice and make peace. I think it would be a good way to break the ice and make peace. I think it would be a good way to break the ice and make peace. I think it would be a good way to break the ice and make peace. I think it would be a good way to break the ice and make peace. I think it would be a good way to break the ice and make peace. You take the phone and rub it on your most intimate areas and we guess how you're groomed. Let me ask you a question. Yes. I can't believe you got to it. I'm thinking more. Aren't you guys delighted to know that when you actually trash someone that there's actually a person looking and they have to be like, I'm going to cut off? No, I hate that. I'm thinking more. Aren't you guys delighted to know that when you actually trash someone that there's actually a person looking and they have to be like, I'm going to cut off? I hate that. It hurts to die. We're going to have to reevaluate the entire program now. It kind of makes me feel like crap, doesn't it? Honestly, no, it doesn't. It's so easy to do. No, sir, sir, if you'll let us talk, it doesn't change my opinion at all. I don't care. We're just trying to have fun and make people laugh. We're just two local shock jocks. You're a Hollywood star and we got to be. I'm not a Hollywood star. I'm a New Yorker. I've lived here my whole life. I'm a working actress. That's what I am. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. There she goes. Sarah Jessica Parker. Sarah Jessica Parker. Calling in. Well, you know, she's got some balls there. Come calling up and defending herself. Man, this show has come a long way. It used to be safe where we could trash people and it never gets back to them. Yeah. I think our audience is getting too busy. Yeah, we got to leave this thing. If we were in Tallahassee, you know, no one would care. They go live to Sarah Jessica Parker. I'm like, there's no way it's Sarah Jessica Parker. It's Sarah Jessica Parker. Yelling at us. OP. Yeah. You should be a little nicer next time. The scary thing? I bet you we go down there and we see her and we just go, oh my God, she's knockout gorgeous. She's so hot. Yeah. You know. Oh. She just made us eat crow practically. Screw the rat. Yeah, I know. It's so hard to just because everyone can call up and say, you guys are pussies. Why don't you, you know, it's one thing to say stuff on the air. It's another when they call up and call you on it to like keep going. I think we held our own though. I didn't write down too much. No, I totally pussied out. I got to be honest with you. I don't know. Oh, wow. I totally pussied out. I do like when her hair is down. When she pulls it back, it's not as sexy. Yeah. But we love Sex and the City, right, Ant? It's one of my favorite shows. I can't believe she heard a trash singer. Are there any other celebrities listening today? We'd love to hear from you and we'll give you our opinion on you. Yeah, and then you could rub it in our face. Right. God, we're just two dopey like local talk show guys and we got to like a Hollywood starlet. With our stupid opinions, Anthony. Made her feel bad. Yeah, see? And I'll go on record to say Ant and I are nothing to look at. We know that. We never sit here on the radio and say, hey, you know, GQ called and they want us for a photo shoot. But I'll tell you one thing, if MTV Movie Awards called and wanted me to host, I wouldn't be strutting around in clothes trying to look all hot. You know. You just didn't like MTV Movie Awards and she was what, the host? She was the host, yeah. And I think, and they still said she came across as a little stiff, I'll be. Okay. Little stiff. If any other celebrities like to call up today, we'd love to talk to you. In her defense, she said that she doesn't do that by trade and she thought it would be an exciting, fun thing to do, like hosting the MTV Movie Awards. So she did it. And who am I to say that she came off as stiff? I think all next week we dedicate the O&A Show to Sarah Jessica Parker. Yes. It'll be the We Love You Sarah Jessica all week next week. Okay, we can do that. We'll have a Sky Rider, we'll put a heart up over Central Park, we'll get our listeners to send flowers down to the set. Make up some bumpers saying that this week is the Sarah Jessica Parker love tribute week. Love fest. Love fest week. Oh boy. I didn't feel bad though. If she'd listened, I did. We're just trying to have fun and have some, make people laugh. Mark, what's going on? Hey guys. Hey. I heard her voice. I knew that was her right away. I felt guilty, man, for laughing at what you guys were saying. I was like, holy mackerel. I know. It's very rare someone calls us out on something and I'm like, there's no way that Sarah Jessica Parker will take time out of her busy day. She just hosted the movie awards even though they taped that a while ago, but I'm sure she's doing press, post press. She's doing sections in the city. I'm like, there's no way she has time to call up because two wacky DJs in New York said something bad about her. It's like telling your buddies you're with this chick and all of a sudden she walks in her room. We just got smacked. We got smacked. We were called out and I for one folded. I folded. Oh, I hate that. We're not supposed to be real people. They're just cag. Whatever. Pete. Yeah. You guys are such pushy. You're tripping over your own tampons strings and you're backpedaling. You're too little. I've got a good idea. The next section in the city, maybe they can have all the girls bend you guys over. Just rape the hell out of you women. We'll be violated with strap-on devices on section in the city. Section in the city has become one of our favorite shows right behind Survivor. What a mess. They're not supposed to call. There's no way a lady is going to imitate Sarah Jessica Parker well. I can tell by the voice. Wait, wait, wait. Did you talk to her or did she put you on with someone else? First I got an earful from her. What did she say to you on the phone after we hung up with her? She asked if I was proud to be working for you guys. Oh, God, see. I had to admit that no I wasn't. Not at that particular moment. Oh, you're a pushy chick. Hey, I learned from you guys. We got off on the wrong foot with Sarah Jessica Parker. Now we're going to have to make it up to her. I'll be honest. I don't have the balls to go down to the set of section in the city and meet her and confirm it. Oh, I have a bunch of hot chicks laughing at us. Yeah, that's not emasculating at all. Because we never claimed to be freaking models or anything. Oh, no. And you know Matthew's going to be there. He's going to try to punch us in the nose because we trashed his woman. Dude, can we get a couple of like GQ model guys to go down there as Opie and Anthony? Come on. Come on. That's perfect. They'll pay and they'll be dressed to the nines and stuff. Hello, I'm Opie. I'm Anthony. How are you? Sorry, Jessica. We got to take a break, Anthony. Okay. All right. 2127571027. We'll be back in just a bit. Opie and Anthony. A bunch of lying dances. 1027WNEW. Dawn, what's going on? You're next on WNEW. Hey guys, what you doing? Talking to you. I was wondering if you guys might be able to help me out. Okay. I'm here at my boyfriend's house right now. He's at work and he should be home pretty soon. What I wanted to do for him was surprise him with a really great night of sex but also do anal. You're taking the big step, huh? Well, we tried it once and it was a little bit painful for me. I didn't know if you guys had any tips that maybe you've used in the past that maybe I could let him know because he's probably listening right now or maybe you might be able to. You've tried it before? Yeah, it didn't really work out the entire way. What was the problem? It hurt. Okay, terrific. It hurt. Yeah, it was just like I just didn't know if there was just some way that you guys knew or just like making it feel a little bit better. I know it's been hard. Are you lubricating or anything? Yeah, we use that but I have a lot myself. Yeah, see that's, you know, I think you've got to work yourself up into a froth. Oh, absolutely. I suggest you drink like a gallon of wine. Is any booze coming into play? Get some of that cheap box wine. Oh, of course. The wine in the box. The six dollar box? Yeah, the expensive one. What is he doing? Is he just kind of climbing aboard and going to town? Well, you know, the whole four-play business first. No, I mean right at the point of, you know, where he's ready to go. I mean, does he, is he gentle? Yeah, he is. He doesn't just like, you know, lunge into it or anything. Have you tried like a shoehorn? Is he a big man? Bigger than average. Yeah? Maybe you just need different lubricants. Maybe that could help. You know. So what happens is it's just hurting a lot. Yeah, it was just, it got to a point where there was just this one part like yo and, you know, then it was like, okay, I can't do this right now. Oh, a little resistance? Yeah. Maybe you're not relaxing enough. Maybe you're clenching up. Yeah, that's why you've got to get a little more relaxed, a little more wine. Yeah. You pretty much just got to suck it up. You're almost there. You're almost there. Take the pain. Take the pain. Hey, are you going to be doing the anal before the end of the show? Probably not, probably about seven. Oh, damn. I know, he doesn't get out of work till seven. He loves having it on the phone while he tries. I would do that. I wouldn't mind it. So guys, I... Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, guys, I'm ready. My boyfriend's going to attempt right now. I don't think we should have a problem. I'm pretty lubricated. Okay, then. Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Okay, I'll be... Oh, it's perfect. Okay. No problem. When I introduce my ex-wife to it, instead of being up on all fours, on your back. With your legs up. With your legs way up? Way up. Behind my ear? Oh, if you can. Like you're hanging meat. I'm serious. Yeah? The angle penetration is a lot better. Okay. I'll keep that in mind. All right? Well, thank you, Joe. Oh, and now you're the best. All right, thank you. Bye. Well, Joe, give him some advice. Let's see how he does. Let's go to Fred. Fred, you're on with Dawn. Hey, Dawn, how are you? How you doing? Hey, Fred, keep it between the lines so we can get this on the radio. Do you have some advice for Dawn? We're going to do our best here, guys. Okay. Listen, what I've found is the best way to get on all fours for her, and what you have to get her to do... Dawn, are you listening? I am. Okay, what you have to do is, you've got to get all worked up for this, and then when you reach the point where you're not going to be able to do anything, you've got to get her to do something. Okay. So, I'm going to go ahead and get her to do something. Okay. Okay. Because that's going to kind of take your mind off of it. Is that possible? Okay. It's going to keep you going. Okay. So, I'm going to go ahead and get her to do something. Okay. So, I'm going to go ahead and get her to do something. Okay. So, I'm going to get her to do something. Okay. So, I'm going to get her to do something. Okay. So, I'm going to get her to do something. Okay. So, I'm going to get her to do something. Okay. So, I'm going to get her to do something. Okay. So, I'm going to get her to do something. Okay. So, I'm going to get her to do something. Okay. Is that possible? Okay. It's going to keep you going. You're not going to mind. It's going to make you puke. All right, Fred. Thank you. All right. Well, look, Don's getting all sorts of advice from our listener, Anthony. Isn't that great? And you thought it was going to be so bad. I want another lady to give you advice, though. I mean, the guy advice thing. I don't know if it's going to work out. Just later. Hey, Steve, what's up? Steve? Hey, what's going on? Steve? Hey, what's going on? Hey, what's going on? Hey, what's going on? Hey, what's going on? Hey, what's going on? Hey, what's going on? Hey, Steve, what's up? Steve? Hey, what's going on, man? You're on with Don. Hey, Don, I agree. I agree with both of those guys. That's right. You know, and you can't have it all like, you've got to be worked up and you really got to be into it. You know what I'm saying? And I tell you, the best lubrication is like spit your saliva. I swear to God, if he's going to be loud. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You can't say that, Steve. You're having oral sex. Yeah. And he just slowly. All right, all right, all right. He's just slowly going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you know, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going to be like, you're going another 6 to 3 minutes listening to the rest of the radio indication, along with the other two things you saw in the first bite of the recording beautiful cerim core, 번 Can I give you anal sex? Please, please, please, Mary. Mary? I need anal, Mary. I think you do too. I've already asked Mer. And Lou. Lou. Lou won't give me anal. I'm leaving. How about I just bend over Spalding? You'll get my f***ing like it. Holly, what's up? Hi, how you doing? How are you? Good, you guys are great. Thank you. I want to give Don some advice about the anal ease. Yes. Okay, great stuff. Yes. That's the only way I can take it. Wow, really? Yes. Let me tell you. You know, you see these girls take it in the movies and stuff and you're like, there's no way. But, yes, you get it with the anal ease and take it like a pro. Okay, terrific. Definitely got to pick that up. Anal ease. Yes. Popular item. It is. It's great stuff. I think it's a little better if the girl goes in and makes the purchase. I need anal ease, please. Mr. Farmer says, can I get some anal ease, please? It's for me, Murray and Lou. I wonder if they have fisties. Just have them put a little bit on this finger. All right. We know how to apply. Put it on the guy. All right. What? Yes, if you put it on the guy, it will numb him. Oh, yes? Yes. You don't want that. Is it like a numbing agent too? Yes. And a lubricant? Yes. That's what you want. That's what you want in lovemaking. Something that will numb the pain. Kind of like Novacate. I know that the few blows to the b---- usually loosens the area up and down. Putting up blood there, to lubricate. That's what you want. And then once you're there, and actually in the act of anal sex, I know there's some kidney punches, which will make her clinch up, and it feels good. And not as after press charges if you punch them hard. So remember, anal tips, drink a lot, don't fight back, bite the pillow, and bleed a lot. All right. Thank you, Mike Tyson. All right, Holly, thank you. Thanks, Holly. Good luck, Dawn. Thank you so much. All right, bye. Good luck. Wishing each other well in the wonderful world of anal. It's like a Novacate to the butt. Yeah. I wonder if you get like, you know when you go to the dentist and your lips get all numb and droopy. I think it's just a different type of drilling. The head rinse. Valerie, what's going on? Dawn has to lay on her stomach. On her stomach. All right. Now, you guys have all suggested lay on the stomach, lay on the back, lay on the side, do it all fours. Not on all fours. She's got to first lay on her stomach so it's completely in, then get on all fours. Oh, yeah? Oh, there's a move when it's a wonderful. Yeah, because it's easier to go in when you're on your stomach, and you enjoy it more when you're on all fours. All right. Thank you, Valerie. Thanks. Okay. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. I think we'll do one more. That's right, only a properly lubricated mornondes balloon knot will be primeable to all the people. Look at the way I enjoy it with my big fat old ass. It's a big fat old ass. It's a big fat old ass. It's a big fat old ass. It's a big fat old ass. It's a big fat old ass. It's a big fat old ass. It's usually best served with a tossed salad. It's usually best served with a tossed salad. And a fine wine, fine wine mornondes. And a fine wine, fine wine mornondes. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. You made me proud. Hi guys. Hey Karen, you guys are done. Hey Karen, you guys are done. Yeah, actually, we used to just get KY jelly from the drug store. Yeah, actually, we used to just get KY jelly from the drug store. KY? Yeah, that works the best. Yeah, that works the best. Yeah, that works the best. Yeah, that works the best. KY! And to be on all fours. KY jelly or KY jam? And honestly, if you could just get her boyfriend hooked up to it, it'll be so quick that it doesn't even last at all. What the hell, that's just how I like it. Okay. Take a deep breath and it'll be over so fast. All right, thank you, Karen. You're welcome. Thank you. Proper lubricant. Perhaps something in a chicken base. Or maybe some jam. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. All right, Jody. Hey, what's up, Jody? How are you guys? Pretty good. All right, I want to get some advice for you. Okay, go. You have to lay completely flat on your stomach. Mm-hmm. And then stick your butt up in the air. And actually push like you're trying to. All right, all right. All right, listen, listen, listen. Listen, we have to get you to the bathroom. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. All right, all right. Listen, listen, listen. Listen, we had to dump out of that. You can't say that. I had a sound advice. Maybe Julia Child could like... We understand that sound advice. Julia Child, could you translate what didn't make it up? Yes, let's say you're stuffing a holiday turkey. It would help if the turkey felt like it was to push the stuffing back out. And remember plenty of more and more. The only way it works is with more and more. I know I used to enjoy anal a lot more, but the men seem to roll off of my hunchback these days. You see my boobs? Sweat socks full of sand. I didn't know how else to put it. That's okay, Joanie. Thank you. All right, good luck, Dylan. Bon appetit. All right. Melanie, what's up? I actually just want to advise her astroglide is the thing to use. Astroglide? What the hell is that? That's the best. Is that a type of lubricant? Yeah, it is. Yeah, okay. It's like the best. All right. Wow. If you have a position, she's just got to maneuver her body a certain way. It's just, it's weird, but... Like a big holiday ham. Make up buckets. Make up buckets. Look like a giant holiday ham. And you're ready to glaze it. Glaze it. Make a little target with a slice of pineapple perhaps. Right around the leviterio with plenty of more in it. You know how you poke the holiday ham with cloves? And guys, just put a big slice of pineapple right around the leviterio. Drive away. Stomp away. Like a big stuffed pork chop. But the most important thing is the more and more. Guys, the most important thing is to have it go real slow. Okay. If it goes in too fast, it'll kill her. Thank you, Melanie. All right, bye-bye. You won't let you cook all of it. It's very slowly. It wouldn't be good if you just used the whole fish and jumps and stuff. Oh, my God. No thanks. I got the sickest visual in my head right now. Julia Child loves anus. Can you imagine what that looks like? It looks just like one of those red ass monkeys. My balloon nuts. My 85-year-old balloon nuts. Oh, look, I'm making my own molly dolls. No, Julia, you're making your own brown clothes. Brown clothes. It's almost like a bowling man. Okay, terrific. And action. I can't go one afternoon without spanking my junk. Okay, terrific. And cut. Opie Anthony 1027 WNEW. I remember that remark. That's the okay terrific guy, Anthony. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. That's right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Coming. Coming. Virgil. I guess Scott Munny commented about us and Newton playing his voice on our show. Virgil. Yeah, he said bitch on his show today. On his little show over there. That sounds like if another radio show wants to use that, he can. Yeah, if he can or whatever, feel free. Feel free, bitch. Unfortunately, Scott, we can't record you on another station and use you here. So we have to paw through years of tape to try to find more cuts of Scott's stuff. Worse like a mark, they found a tape of Scott Munny. Remember the big blackout of 77? 19 or 18. The blackout of 1877. The blackout of 77. Remember the city was in just complete turmoil. Yeah. It was just a little tot. I guess they found audio of Scott Munny broadcasting from the Empire State Building. Is that true? What was the tape saying? I don't know. Kim found it. It was in the audio. Okay. Yeah. And the big blackout of 1977. Yeah, you wouldn't remember that because you were living somewhere else. I heard about it. Anyhow, they had to, naturally the whole city was shut down. I guess they had some blackout. The whole city was shut down. There was looting and rioting and raping going on. on and that was before Julian had everybody corralled in. He'd have the cops out on the street like in two seconds with automatic weapons. That was an opportunity is what that was. Shopping spree they call that. The shopping spree of 77. Yeah. God damn. But the funny thing is, I mean this place always. I need a TV, give me a brick. There you go. Oh look at that, that's a nice thing in Macy's window. You gotta grab that. This place had priorities all mixed up though because people are looting and raping and shopping. I have to get on the air. So he went to the transmitter on the top of the Empire State Building. Is that the truth? And was then and wanted to tell everyone that the rocket roll will continue playing on any W. I'm just amazed. Wait a minute. If it was a blackout, the elevators didn't work. You're telling me Scott to walk up 86 flights and say it. I don't know how but they got him up there. Come on. They had King Kong carry him up. Climb up there outside. Yeah. Yeah. He's broadcasting from this room. It just sounds like this big giant hall. Really? And he's got so here and wanted to remind everybody out there that we are still playing music. Ah yeah. You still get the best rock and roll. Even when the society as we know it is crumbling outside below me. Even Anarchy needs a soundtrack. Want to thank Patrick for carrying me to the top of the Empire State Building. Oh my God. Here we are. It's a total anarchy outside. But we're here bringing you the best in rock and roll. Scott Muni, the soundtrack of disaster outside. We're going to try to get to some Pink Floyd bullets just riddling my studio. Two for Tuesday must be the best go on. Yeah go find that. Here it is. The Beatles on N.E.W. Bring in your British biscuits. Whoa that was a low one. Blackout down on the street. I mean that in more ways than one. The racial joke by Scott though. It's a complete chaos but we had our rock and roll back in 1977. Lights are up from the top of the Scott Muni Building. Oh man is that funny. It ain't here. I've got to get to the Empire State Building. People need their rock and roll. It's two for Tuesday on N.E.W. The Beatles. Revolution N.E.W. I remember when John Lennon came into this very studio and boom that one came through the window. Excuse me while I return fire. No one's taking Scott so out. Yeah it's going to be all right if you listen to Scott so on N.E.W. Let me just take a few off from high atop the Empire State Building. Let me get my high powered rifle. Look at that one with the TV. There it goes. Playing your best rock and roll music from the Beatles and picking off looters from high atop the Empire State Building. Hey Glee Roy where rock lives and looters die. Hold on I think we actually found the. This is the real thing. Oh it is. Wait you got the real thing really. Alright we're going into the N.E.W. archives. We like to do that from time to time here on the Opium Anthony show. So this is actual tape of Mr. Muny broadcasting live from the top of the Empire State Building during the blackout right. This is it. OK. 1977. Let's take it back a few years. It's coming. Alright here we go. Coming. They just threw the data. Here it is. Whoa. That's Cap Stevens and we're at our transmitter site Scott Muny here at the N.E.W. FM in New York. If you are just with us you already know what's been going on for these low these many hours. You know. We're back on the air which is kind of nice although many parts of the city do not have power at the moment. We are in a room that is one we're unaccustomed to. Equipment we're unaccustomed to and all. But we will be doing music and we will be giving you information at this moment. There is the possibility that up until midnight many parts of the city will not be back to normal. There is a possibility we may not be with you either because if they lose power again we will disappear. I have a small microphone here and a personal problem. A small turntable and just a little setup where we are able to talk to you and tell you we are back on the air after many hours of absence. Not due to anything else other than another historical event from New York City that will be written about and talked about and motion pictures made about albums and someone right now is writing this song or already has written it about 12 years after the first one here in 1977 the blackout of 77 which of course broke all the records of the previous blackout. And it is warm and we have music for you with RW and AWFM in New York if you would like I think it might be a nice idea to tell some of your friends since we are sort of a family if you will talk to your friends on the telephones you're working and say any WFMs back on the air and we do intend to give you all sorts of news about what is going on and what is going on now and some people are talking about what happened and why it happened and why things didn't work out the way they were supposed to at any rate. We will have music for you and we will do some more. Hello Sarah. Connect me to Maybank. That telephone ring. Wow. Yeah we are back on the air 77 and we might lose pretty much the whole city didn't have electricity and Scout Community still had more of an audience than our old morning show. Absolutely. You say we got a revolution. Fire truck rolling past us. Back up studio here for NAW. Carnage in the streets. Look like a butcher truck overturned but we are playing the Beatles because we have to do what we have to do. Hey drop that amplifier son. I have to transmit here. Don't be trying to steal Scott Sills equipment I will bust a cap in your ass. That same is not going to be hit for another 10 years. It's going to be alright. Wow look at that little piece of history. There is more priceless stuff on there. I'm lit. New York is black but I'm lit. NAW. That's the rumor yeah that they were trying to campaign. Magnum is campaign in one hand and a Magnum pistol in the other. I'm ready for the blackout. Hey I can't see Earl there is no lights on. Earl could you smile so I can see you. Where is Earl? We must say though when we first got to NAW, Scott Muni was very very cool tough. He was the only cool guy here. One of the pretty much on the air anyway. One of the few that were cool tough in the beginning. Scott So. So this is a loving tribute to the man. Virgil. John what's going on? Hey guys what's going on? Listen you think Scott So was up there between songs trying to pee on people? From the top of the Empire State Building I'm going to pee on people. Oh my god. I'm not letting you in. Two for Tuesday. The big blackout and she ain't getting in. Oh my god. Fun. Oh man. Fun bed door. Wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow wow. One oh two seven WNEW. Anthony I'm driving around the IS300 Lexus. Yeah. Fastest car I've ever driven in my life. Quick off the line which I'm loving. It really is an amazing ride. It looks great. I'm having a lot of fun with this IS300. They gave it to me to drive around for like a month. And it's a sharp looking car. Very sporty. You know. Oh yeah. And I don't know what else to say about it. I'm just loving it. They have this E shift thing that I'm just starting to get the handle on. Basically the Lexus IS300 has the E shift that allows you to change gears without taking hands off the wheel. That's a nice feature. That's good for when you're doing the donuts in the parking lot. It's standard and automatic. Yeah. You go into standard mode and you shift gears with just pushing buttons on the steering wheel which just makes driving a lot of fun. Yeah. Yeah. Nice. And it's just a sweet car. I don't know what else to say. I'm just loving it. The Lexus IS300 out handles and out corners the BMW 330i. Go to LexusNewYork.com. LexusNY.com. Okay listen. I don't know if you've seen the audio yet but it's all over CNN. Mike Tyson's over there. Is he fighting again this weekend? I've lost track of Tyson. I guess he's in England fighting trying to get his boxing career on track again and the people just thrilled to have him. Yeah. They can't stand him. They're outside his hotel just protesting saying that they should throw Mike Tyson out of England. Mostly the women's groups Anthony. The women hate him. The women hate him over there. They don't appreciate what he's done to women over here in our country. They feel he doesn't belong in their country. He was put in prison for rape and then there were allegations by his girlfriends and ex-wives about abuse. All kinds of stuff. He should have to go back to prison for marrying the lady he's with now. Oh my God. That's not funny. What are you talking about? So on CNN they got footage of Mike Tyson. I guess the protesting has gotten so ugly that they had to bring Mike Tyson to a police station because they're just protesting wherever he goes. So he's out this window at the police station with a megaphone trying to talk to the lady protesters. That's what you want him to do. Like talk to the protesters. That won't piss them off any more than they already are right? Oh I'm sure. Why are they so angry at me? Why are they angry? Because your queen is a twat. Come here. Oh look, look. This is the queen. Come here queen. Come on. You can't even take a punch. You like spinks. You like spinks. I came out of the corner and pounded him. Now I'm going to bring the queen over a chair and do her in a caboose. Just like I did to the miss USA or whatever the hell it was. I banged. I went to prison for that. I went to man in prison. Prison. I don't feel like the man thought. I'm going to make you look like Lady Di after I'm done with you. You going to be bleeding. You can rest assured. Where's Prince Charles? I'm going to bang you in your big ears. Come here. Okay. Here's a fine lady. Now I want to talk sense to you. I have been rehabilitating. I went to prison. I'm just trying to get my fighting career back. And don't look at me like that. What would I do? I don't even understand. I'm like an animal. He's like the beetles over there. They're chasing him around. Yeah but they want to kill me. They don't want to let go. They don't want to kill me. Thank God they're all too much pushy to have guns over here. Even the police don't have them. Here's one of them bobbies with that big stupid hat. Look how thick his ass. I'm like King Kong. I'm just running around. Remember that King Kong movie? You know, in New York and they couldn't do nothing. That's me in England. The cops don't have guns so I could run rampant. Look I'm pretty much a cop. I'm a cop. I'm a police doctor. Are they throwing soccer balls at you Mike? Yeah soccer balls is all they got. Look I'm in front of that big guard booth in front of the palace and they got them guards with their big fuzzy hats on. You can't make them change the expression on their face. Watch this. See his expression now? Now look at this. Look now it's a bloody expression. I made a change. I'm going to take that fart of yours and stick it in your face. And that's only to make room for my giant member. Look at Prince William. Look at that fine young little ass. I'm going to be his ancestor and abuse him. I love England. We're the Spice Girls. I'm going to skewer them like a shish kebab. I'll get all of them on there at once. Come here you whores. Come here you limey whores. You all got bad teeth. Your teeth look they suck. You got the scurvy. I got a cure for that. Yeah that's the cure. You look at it. You look at it bitch. Go ahead. Yeah you ain't never seen my nothing. Where's you bread? I'm going to do him too. Come here whores. All English whores. Lady Di was a whore slut bag. I'm just trying to be popular. I'm like mighty Joe Young. I got rampant through the city. Lady Di was a slut whore. Going out with a towel head. Making a country out of you. You all pissed off and all. Look at me just smacking down these limeys. Shut up bitch. Am I making any headway? I'm waiting over the people of England. Well they're still a little pissed iron mic. Well they're all stupid. They got two TV stations that suck. Yeah look at my mighty man you bitch. They only got two teeth and their whole head. I went to that, I went to the London Zoo the other day and they tried to stop me from leaving. So I'm a lot of escapee. Shut up. Sam Ferguson is a fat bitch. I don't care if she's on that TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV. I don't care if she's on the TV smoke no ought. Suck in that clean is my軽 Bench with He's got some big ass ears. He's a hunk of a mother. Here you go. I bet he's got a little acorn in his pants because his wife don't whorebag, lady die was going out with a tower head. People of England, your lady die was a whore. You're not doing too well there. You had a moth like Don King's hair. I'm going to have a heart attack. I can eat more flat from you limeys and Prince Charles is going to take it in the leather Cheerio. Come here, Sam Ferguson. Big Mama, you're going to punch me in the rectum. That's a low blow. Hi, Mike. Let me know if I'm welcome back anytime soon. You guys sucked at the Falkland Islands. A bunch of little Mexicans kicked your ass. James Bond's a pussy. I'm going to get inside. It's the most stuff it might. Tom, what's up? All right, listen, those were hilarious. I got to say about what you said about Princess Diana. That was pretty bad, don't you think? Well, she's a whorebag. The chick was a slut. Why do you think she was in the back seat of that car? She was giving road head to her tower headed boyfriend. That gappy tooth bitch. That's all y'all. Oh, did he hang up? He didn't like my comment, did he? I hung up on him. I didn't want anyone wrecking our buzz today. Our lady died in the back seat. I heard that that tower head boyfriend of hers member was in her hands ripped right off. Almost like getting a punch from Mike Tyson. That's what she would look like if it wasn't one of my bros. That's right. He's screaming from the grave, that bad bitch. I heard it was caught in her teeth. Teeth. How do you spell teeth? Don't ask Mike Tyson how to spell. All right. Mike, what's going on? T-E-F-F. T-E-A-F-F. Toofs. How do you spell teeth? That's for all y'all. W-N-E-W.