 Bring in Brian Regan. He's playing Carolines all weekend. I'm telling you, man. We go every time he's in town, we laugh our yam bag off. No pesky networks to get to on this show, Ron. There he is! Hey! Hey! Brian? Hey, guys. How you doing, man? Doing great. How are you? Good. Good to see you back. You know, last time, if I recall, last time you were on our program, we had a fun little show. It was Rat Day. It was Rat Eating Day. The Year of the Rat in the Opien Anthony Show. Yeah, we had people in here eating cooked rats. That's right. For, you know, Survivor. Everyone was there. Nice. See, I remember that. Yeah. We can't even do the bit justice. I mean, I mean, I was so bad. I mean, the rats came into the studio live. The living rats? Were they subway rats? Yeah, they were big, normal rats. They were huge. They were like from another planet. Yeah, huge. They were frightening. So they had to be put under and then skinned. Put under? Make it sound like you gave them a little needle, made them count backwards from 100. And he woke up and got ice cream. Yeah, you don't want to say they were killed. He was clobbered over the head with a meat tenderizer. The rats are no longer with us. Brian, the only reason I put it that way is because I'm staring at your lovely wife there and I didn't want to, like, offend her. Oh, that's very nice. You should know that the rats had a pretty brutal death. You beat them to death. It was horrible. And in the middle of this whole thing, we're going, Brian, you got some material on this, right? We're hoping that Brian can make people laugh. Do your 20-minute chunk about rat death. Yeah, the rats thought Mussolini got off easy in the town square there. What? That's pretty much it. What's with these rat sandwiches? Why is it every time you're trying to slaughter a rat, they put up a fuss? It's getting to where you can't even skin a live rat anymore without people getting all bent out of shape. Then they were cooked and eaten by some of our listeners. They were competing chefs. You had two different chefs that were each trying to prepare them in their own succulent way. We had the French chef and the Jeffrey Dahmer guy. Yeah, this French chef prepared it with some kind of, I'm making this rat au poivre. This is going to be wonderful with a black pepper sauce. And the other guy's like, I'm going to put it on a stick and roast it on an open socket. He didn't even have a cooking utensil. He was like plugging the rat into a wall. He didn't even have a stick and tail under his socket. He'll cook, believe me. My wife went this way. This guy was insane. Did you guys eat them? I didn't eat any of them. That was the day we knew Brian kind of liked our show. Because like Brian, listen, man, you can leave whenever you want. I've got another two hours to kill him. That was awful. It got like a sick side to me that I just wanted to enjoy. You had listeners that came in to eat the rat. I'm thinking there's going to be either zero or one lunatic out there. We go out in the waiting room and there's like 15 guys all milling around. Can I eat the rat? How do I get in front of the line? Is it cooked yet? Scrumptious. A watched rat never cooks. So welcome back to the show. We're looking forward to seeing you, Caroline. Always a brilliant set. We won't be there tonight because we have our Christmas party. Those are always fun. Should I join us after the Christmas party? Maybe you're doing the early show tonight, right? I think you've got it. Yeah, one show. Eight o'clock. It's the show. I don't know what kind of time thing you want to put on there. I think they call it the eight o'clock show. Wow. That's both early and late. It's kind of right in between there. I mean for toddlers, wow. That's a late show for the toddler. They've got to be in bed like at seven. So for them... They're going to be sitting in there going, I can't stay awake. Let's say there were two shows. What would this be considered? Thank you. Well, take Friday for example. They have an eight o'clock show and a ten thirty. Therefore, the eight is referred to as the early show. Right. Actually, I don't know what time the shows are Friday and Saturday. There's probably a Caroline's people going, those aren't the show time. Doesn't he know how to plug a weekend? What is he doing? No, I checked it out. It is eight and ten thirty. Ten thirty Friday and Saturday. And then one show on Sunday. One show on Sunday. To really confuse people. Now Sunday's show is at nine thirty. Oh really? I didn't see that one. Is it? Yeah, it's at nine thirty. Tonight I can go to the Sunday show. Tonight's one show at eight. Sunday's one show at nine thirty. Unless you're in New Zealand where it's Friday right now. We should just completely... I think there's a seven forty five but the Central Time show is at eight fifteen. And then the three forty takes about an hour drive. So on Saturday with the third show when they do add it, it's at midnight. But then the Sunday which is now nine thirty used to be eight fifteen. And tonight's show therefore is eight o'clock. For the rejoining flight out of Cleveland. That's right, you have to make the connection of course. A little slower, let me get that. And people out there, you know I was going to go but after this headache... Well we're going to miss tonight but we're going to go tomorrow Brian. I want you to know that. Cool. Because we're going to be on the Ron and Fess show tonight after our Christmas party when we're really tanked. Now you're invited to come in. I... where's the party? Right here. Right here. Right here. We've got enemas. Brian, case closed. I'm here. Brian, listen to what these six actors are doing tonight. Now I think this is a TV show in Sweden. I saw guys coming in. We're actually flying them in for this. He's taking an enema and he's going to stand in a kiddie pool. Everybody gets to tell him a joke. And whenever he drops his ass that guy wins. You'll know when you're the funny guy. Yeah, I'm here and you know when I say in all week how you're the funniest man alive. I think Regan could be the ringer. You somehow blew best G. David Howard. Last time I saw Regan without an enema I crapped myself in the seat at Caroline's. Well you were sick. I remember that. You were on the cusp to begin with. What I want to know is why the guy has to be flown in from Sweden for this. Isn't there a guy like down the road you can grab? I can't tell you how good his age was. We just fell for the whole thing. Yeah, we want them. We get people to eat rats and stuff. You'd think somebody could accept an enema. Maybe he's the pro guy though. If you want to take an ONA listener and let them come in. No, that's okay. You would want to see what comes out of that. Probably a rat. Is it your stalker Patty? Is it your angel Amy? Stalker Patty is right outside the studio. You hear her hard story? She's going to be homeless on the 31st. She has $100 a month for rent. And she wants to live in Bay Ridge, Brooklyn. You know where she should live is in 1931. Wow. Really great place. A really nice place for $200. Of available rooms. Sure. I'd love to see her. When you put in the search on the internet when you're looking for homes. I haven't seen the year. What year are you looking for? Boy, that would be a plus. You've got a big place right off. No, not that big. You've got the tree house. You could get lost in one of those rooms. I know you've got a big couch. I'm going to offer up your office if you don't shut up. You ever been to the Swiss Family Robinson house at Disney? Yeah. I swear to God it's just like it. There's stairs that go nowhere. There's these little cubby hole rooms where elves and gnomes live. It gives me plenty of places to hide. I guess so. There's a brick wall there. That's where they hid Anne Frank. Yeah, the Anne Frank house. Anne Frank of it. So Patty could stay there. Feds has that but he has the Barney Frank house. Barney Frank Diary. Diarrhea. That's a little death rent. A lot of people want to check in. Al, real fast. We've got Brian Regan in the studio playing Carolines all weekend long. Hey guys, how are you doing? I just want to let Brian Regan know if he plans on making any of his films. Stay off the bus. Noted. Well, I guess we've got to explain. He's the only guy that doesn't get what this guy's talking about. Absolutely stay off the buses. Brian, we haven't seen you in a while. Thank God you weren't here last Thursday because 15 people associated with this Radio Show got arrested. Yeah, that was a fun day. I'm glad you were here. I'm glad you were here. I'm glad you were here. I'm glad you were here. I'm glad you were here. I'm glad you were here. Yeah, that was a fun day. That was good. We had something called the Voyer Bus. It drives around the city. It's got glass sides on it. It's totally visible while everybody inside. It's full of nude girls. You drive it through the city because it's legal. Yeah, well we thought so. And we had a couple of people. Lewis Black from Comedy Central. He was on the bus. He was nude? Yeah, he was on the bus. He was nude? Yeah, completely nude. That's where we F'd up because that is illegal. To have nude cops. It's a very explicit statute against Lewis Black being nude. Lewis Black. He was arrested with other people on the bus and the girls. And taken into custody for 28 hours. Where he had to go to the tombs. And stay in jail. So how far did you guys analyze this legally? When you say, hey, it's legal. I don't see any legal law books in here that you guys were consulting. I don't see any legal law books in here that you guys were consulting. You just assume it's legal until they get arrested. You just assume it's legal until they get arrested. Sorry, we thought it was legal. We thought it was in a bus. I got the clip of our producer Rick just when the S was hitting the fan. Yeah. Check out this really quick quote, Brian. This is legal, isn't it? That's what you want your defense attorney to say when he stands up and it's his turn. Well, this is legal. Well, this is legal. Well, this is legal. Well, this is legal. Well, this is legal. He stands up and it's his turn. Well, this is legal, right, James? Why isn't it? Can we check now? No, it's not. Okay, well, then I rest my case. What a mess that was. What a mess that was. Yeah, so stay off the bus, I guess. Yes, I will. I don't think you'd have gone on the bus in the first place. Well, I was on a bus nude today, but they didn't have the glass windows or nothing. That's where we F'd up. But that's legal, I think. I think it's legal, isn't it? That's how I live my life. It's a legal, I think, philosophy. This barnyard animal, this is legal, isn't it, officer? For me to be with it at night in a motel? It's legal, I think. Sure. This is legal, isn't it? He was panicked. It was so funny. Well, not to him. It was funny because we weren't there. Yeah, we were going to go on the bus, but we decided against it. So did everybody on the bus get hauled down? We got hauled down, 15 people, all of them, girls, the guys, everyone arrested. Just another day on the fun-filled show. Who knew? We thought it was legal. Well, why don't we take a break, Brian Regan in the studio? Playing Caroline's, wow, many shows with many different times. We'll get all the times and dates straight. I think he just started five minutes ago. They're looking for him. Why don't you call Caroline's, 212-757-4100. Brian Regan at Caroline's Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. We'll be back with him next. Hey, Anthony, the cable modem from Cablevision. Yes, Opie. Did you get yours yet? You think Brian Regan does that surfing? How are you with the Internet? Do you surf the Web there? You're savvy, Brian? I wouldn't say savvy. His wife just goes, no. That's great. I've been through the Internet. You've been on the information highway, huh? Hanging ten. What do you do? A few tricks and then you get off? I don't know how to get out when I'm in there. I used an ATM. Something. You've got to get wired to it. It's the net. It's the future. I went in one chat room one time. Those are the bad things. I wanted to make sure I didn't go into one of those scary ones that are really dirty. I didn't know anything about it. I go to news, current events. I don't even say anything. I didn't realize that your name pops up on the screen. Within three seconds, I got nine emails going, Hey, you, I know what you're into. Email me back and I'm like, what? It's a current event. How do you know what I'm into? That's because every room is just a filthy, dirty, nasty room. No matter what the title is, it could be the most wholesome, helping people out. I know how to help you out. Mother Teresa. That seems safe. Oh, and her daughter. What the hell is this? And a glass bust. Totally nude. If you're going to get on the Internet, you don't want to go with these 56K modems. See me? Look at me. I'm flying. Why don't we ask him what a 56K modem is? OOP. Do you know, Brian? Yeah, 56 is, you need to get something higher. You need to get to 57, 58. Once you're at that level, then you're moving. It's more gooder. What are more gooder? The cable modem is more gooder than the 56K. The 56K cable modem. You've got a cable coming into your house. You have access to the cable vision and optimum online cable modem. High speed Internet access. One hundred times faster than any 56K connection. One hundred times faster. Not just 57, 58. You could get more perverts per minute telling you what you're into with this connection. No waiting. No, none of these pictures scrolling down slowly. The disgusting pictures of wine bottles in various places. No. And it's four times faster than DSL. Whatever that is, right, Brian? I wouldn't mess with that. Not when this is available. And how's this? A holiday offer. Come into the Wiz right now and spend a hundred bucks on anything, even gift certificates. You get a free high speed cable modem when you sign up for 24 months of optimum online. $200 cable modem. OOP. Free. Free. Free. You could even go home and try optimum online free for 30 days. If you don't like it, return it for a full refund, but I doubt you will. It's so fast. You can go back to your old lame service, but I'm telling you, you won't want to. So what are you waiting for? Go to the Wiz now and get optimum online from cable vision. It's kind of like a car wreck on the highway. You're going to have to tune us in to see what the hell these idiots are doing next. Joby and Anthony. We refuse to be responsible. So go screw yourself. We refuse to be responsible. One, oh, two, seven. W N E W We're very happy today. We got one of our favorite guests in the studio. Brian Regan is playing Caroline's all weekend long, starting tonight through Sunday. Call Caroline's for ticket info. Yeah. It's completely worth it. Two, one, two, seven, five, seven, forty, one hundred. They will sell out fast. So call now. Last time Brian was in town, he was talking about some of our listeners and how they show up to his shows with signs, Anthony. Well, yeah, some of them. They do, yeah. Well, actually, when I was last time in town after the rat show, people came out and they had written down things on these poster boards. You know, eat rats. One person just had a, they just wrote rats. And what would make somebody want to, you know, hey, you know, you were talking, I got to go buy a poster board and write that word down because that was the topic. Or it's like if they do have a little thought, you know, are you going to eat rats? It's like, this is what I'm thinking. So I have to write it and hold it over my head. This is my current thought. I want everyone to know what my current thought is. I might have another one next week and I'll write it down. Yeah, that's them. It's like those people down in Florida, you know, you know, gore is a moron. Oh yeah, the protesters. You know, it's like, you got anything else to do with your life that you come up with? It doesn't even rhyme. You know, I think if you got to write something on a poster board, it should at least rhyme. Right. You know, you have to go to jail or something. Something catchy. You can't just write something that doesn't even rhyme, it isn't catchy in any way. Or more gooder. Or more gooder. No, you, to you Bush. No. Why are you writing that down? Yeah, that is a true cluster F down there anyway. I'm so sick of it. Like there's nothing on the... And they keep covering it as the top story. And they don't cover the important stories like, boy, you're busbusted on Broadway. That upsets us. Oh man. We should tell Brian about our little penthouse interview, Anthony. Ah yeah, yeah. We were in penthouse. Latest issue of Penthouse, Brian? Big interview? Yeah, I have to pretend like I don't know anything about it. Like we weren't just talking about it during commercial break. Oh really? Throw some acting skills in there. Are you serious? You're in a recent penthouse issue? That's fantastic. I bet it was awkward at grandma's for Thanksgiving when you had a show with the family. Why don't you tell me about it? If that indeed happened. I don't know. I don't know because we're talking about it right now for the first time. That's great. They ask you questions and everything? Oh yeah, yeah. Certain questions. No, actually we're urinating on each other like every other picture in Penthouse that they do. It's quite the pictorial. Quite steamy. We're right after the fisting pictorial. Yeah, which made my dad and my mom very proud. I got an email as a matter of fact from these people that have a message board from... That's on the internet there, Brian. I'm out of the loop on this topic. From the old high school I went to. And it was somebody all pissed off because the post was, a former student in Penthouse. And the guy was all pissed that it was me. Because when you think of a former student in Penthouse, you could go through quite a few people before you got to me. You know, like maybe the cheerleading squad or something. The good entity. They want to see you in Penthouse. Now the odds of another person from school being in Penthouse are like astronomical. You ruined it. So now you did show this to your grandmother. Yeah, at Thanksgiving we had to go to our family's houses and open it up to the appropriate page. And I told Grandma it was a copy of Highlights magazine. Where you have to color and fun kid stuff. It's like when the CIA releases documents but they black out like 97% of the words. These CIA documents are like, rocket, important, go, rocket. Why are you even bothering releasing this? You've got to show your grandmother, you know, Opie and Anthony show radio. Hey, that's a good article. I'm proud of your grandson. Every other page is just blacked out. We couldn't show it. And then the kids, of course, are very excited that the uncle brought over Penthouse magazine for Thanksgiving. Someday we're hoping to be in a magazine where we can just throw it down and people can check it out. Instead of having it in a paper bag and sneak it. Yeah, bring them into the other room so they can get a peek. We're really gunning for swank or chic. One of those. Horrible. There's a guy on the line that has a question for Brian. Vinny, what's going on? Hey, hey, hey, Vinny. Brian Reagent, he's hilarious. I want to know where I can get his information or anything. He has his CD on the Internet or his website we can go to. This guy, I could probably hand out ten of them for Christmas. Yeah, Brian, I mean your CD is one of the hardest CDs to find. Seriously. I'm probably the worst marketer in the history of, well, you've got to go to Ohio. There's a little warehouse. It's not in a major city. It's in the suburbs of Cincinnati. Hey, what's the street? This guy will go. He'll go in a second. I'm telling you. Usually they have it in certain record stores. I've seen it in Borders, like Music and Record Store. Music and Record Store. We put it on the Victrola and listen to Brian Reagent. Crank it up because you've got to use the crank. Get enough juice generated so we can get through one Brian Reagent, Vic. You can also go to Amazon.com and type in the name of the person. You just put my name in there and it'll pop right up. Right in front of the pickle barrel at Olsen's Mercantile. Let's go to Bud. Hey, Bud, you're next on NAW. Yeah, how are you doing? Excuse me, I'm eating dinner. I just saw on Channel 2 News they're going to have an upcoming story about the Boyer Bus. The title is First Amendment Rights. Oh, they are? Yeah, Channel 2 News. I was on about two minutes ago and it's a quarter after five. All right, thank you, Bud. That's cool. Catch you later. They're still doing stories on the Boyer Bus. Giving us updates. My favorite part of that call was the fact that he was eating dinner. And he had to tell us. Every caller when they call in, you know, I'm eating a candy bar. Okay, my question is... I'm thinking about eating a little hungry today. What I want to ask? A little bit later I might get some Chinese food. Hey, guys, how long have you been on the air? This is not what I'm used to. Remember that? Yeah, wow, you were like one of our first guests on this show. You came in when everyone still hated us. I mean, there's a lot of people that still hate us, but I mean everyone hated us back then. But those calls were fun. You know, it's like, hey, we got Brian Regan fan on the phone. I lied, you suck. Get off the air, Brian. I love you, though. But you guys suck. Play some CCR. Whenever you're replacing anybody, you know, it's like people are used to something the way it is. You're different from their schedule. So this isn't what I'm used to. I one time did a show and nobody even told me. I was like filling in. I do my whole show. Nobody really laughs. I get off stage. I look on all the tables. Are these table tents saying, you know, the amazing, you know, got some guy's name, hypnotist? Oh, no. Everybody was there to be hypnotized. You know, I never got around to hypnotizing anybody. That's going to have people coming up after the show. How come you didn't make us act like chickens? You think the Booker would have said, hey, keep in mind they're expecting a hypnotist. You might want to say something your first two minutes. That you're not the hypnotist. I wanted to sing like Madonna. Boy, we have what's her name here? I saw some of the looks on people's faces. Are we really going to bring Sandy Kane in? Who do we have? Sandy Kane. Just stay over on this side. No, no, it's OK. I think actually, yeah. Is that Brian's jacket? Yeah. You might want to move it. Yeah. I don't know what type of Brian last night. I hear she showed us. No, you stay there. Hi. You stay there. Here, put her over there. Put her over there. I'm not sure about that, Mike. Pardon me? Rags to Riches? Rags to Riches? Rags to Bitches? No. Over here, Sandy. It's clean. I don't understand it. Do you remember Rags to Riches, that club? You were there. Oh, yeah, absolutely. That's right. Really? I forget. No, I thought you were talking about the movie Rags to Riches. Oh, there was a movie? I don't know. I think there was. Yes, I did play in a club called Rags to Riches. I never thought Brian would be more uncomfortable than the Rat Show. You remember me from that. That's very comfortable. I remember you from that. I remember you from that. I remember you from that. You remember me from that. That's very kind. You're funny, man. Funny and funny. Thank you. Thank you. Now, what's your official title? Tell Brian. The Comic Stripper. She is President-Elect of the United States of America. I'm in jugs this month and it says Comic Stripper. So that's why. Yeah, you're a comic stripper. I'm the comic stripper. Oh, great. I tell jugs naked. In jugs. We could be in jugs, Opie, instead of Penthouse, to show that to our grandma. And laugh, biz, sucks. Comic stripper Sandy Kane says laugh, biz, sucks. Something tells me that you and Brian have a very similar act. You tell jokes naked? It depends on what night. Like on an off night I might get naked. I'd like to see that. But I don't want to be stepping on your toes. You know they say that Irish guys don't. What? That's what they say but it's not true. Say what? Because when I used to work in a peep show, it's the most well endowed man I ever met. I say, what are you? He says, Irish. I say, wow, it's not true. Well then I would like to make it clear that I am Irish. Oh God. There it is. Yeah. All right, do you have some examples of your act? She brought her own microphone in. She's got a big black microphone. I had to bring my own microphone in. Dildo wanted to dance. He was rehearsing all week for the show. Can you effing believe this moment? Dildo? Okay. So Dildo is dancing. Great. A visual joke on the radio. These go over very well. They wanted a dancing school. Very well. Nothing funnier than a dancing Dildo on radio. We have to get play by play on what's happening. And you know they don't have dancing schools for Dildos. Not yet. It's spinning. The Dildo is spinning and it rounds the far turn, the half at 23 and 5 as they come down the street. What the hell are you doing? They like you. They like you. You're talking to the Dildo. That's good. He's just very nervous. Now give us an example of some of the jokes you tell in your act. Okay. You want to see two milkshakes? Another visual bit. Hello. She makes her boobs move. And I'll take another classic radio call. Oh my God, this is the worst catastrophe I've ever seen. Get out of the way. Oh no, the humanity. Oh my goodness. Okay, Dildo. Like a joke. Okay, Dildo. Okay, Dildo. Okay, Dildo. Okay, Dildo. Okay, Dildo. Okay, Dildo. Okay, Dildo. Okay, Dildo. Like a joke. Now she's adding it together. This is the act, folks. You got Dildo in my boobs. You got boobs on my Dildo. Hey, hey. This is me. I'm a dancer. Oh, look who's here. It's Jay Moore has just walked in. Hey, there's Moore, Jay. Hey, Jay. Hey, everybody. I wasn't going to interrupt Brian, but I figured there's a stripper here. Have you been breastfed? I wasn't going to come in and interrupt Brian out of respect. And then I see a stripper with a Dildo between her breasts. And I figure, well, I guess that cat's out of the bag. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I realize all that took a second. Had you noticed something? Anyone missOK? This is the mine start. It was over two minutes. What would have come out of it if you didn't come in too far? Well, that immediately came into place and that's it. We'll talk about that, though. So, I was thinking if we put women in character, we can do some sketches for women. And then if everyone who wants to come work for us just takes a look, I thought they bring it back. I'm rating this a course for women. You want to add people, then? They want to go out, right? Because I want to give them more practice, some moreomerable instruction. But then it doesn't matter. First, we have her to the training with us to add text, and she has to keep up this pain. Am I soaking in it? Oh my God, you know, do we need this language on this program? We try to adhere to certain standards. I was cool. We try to adhere to certain standards and practices here on the Open Anthony Plan. Hello, gorgeous. Brian's at Caroline's. Tonight, Friday, Saturday and Sunday. Brian, you can talk to me on air. It's okay. Can I come? Can I come? Can I come? Sure, of course. I'd like to have sex with both these guys. Hold on, we don't want Brian to go out in the studio. I really would love to have sex with both these men. They're all gorgeous. I'm sure it's mutual. And you too, baby. It's a nice... Thank you, great. I'm going in too. I once had sex with five men, so... Oh yeah? That's not a homo about. The guy with five penis's pants fit like a glove. Oh, that's... Oh, my God. There you go. Look at that. We're left out here. No, we're not. Brian's going to start thinking we want him to never come back with the shows that we have when he comes in. I'm just trying to think of what bit I could possibly do right after that, you know? Hey, Fig Newtons, you know, when you buy them. Have you ever read the labels on a Fig Newtons box? I don't get it. Oh, my God. Something tells me you don't get much. No, I don't. I really don't. Maybe it's a vibrator. Yeah, why don't you turn that off? Okay. There's just something about an electronic humming sound that drives engineers crazy. I thought I was radar from MASH and I was hearing an incoming missile. I was like, how come no one else hears that? It's going to be here any minute. So there was a... I'm talking like, Brian! Pearl Harbor Day... It's coming over here. Big missile. My ears are ringing. Sounds like a vibrator. I love Dick. He's sweeter than ice cream on his stick. Oh, my God. Hello? Hello? Is this thing on? Hello? It's still on. Turn the dildo on. Hey, dildo? They don't want a husband. Oh, the drawings on it. Listen, what do you let elementary kids spray paint your dildo? No balls. We're going to clean up the neighborhood, boys and girls. We're going to spray paint in this mural on this dildo. Welcome to 120th Street. Welcome to 120th Street. Welcome to 120th Street. Welcome to 120th Street. Welcome to 120th Street. Welcome to 120th Street. Welcome to 120th Street. Welcome to 120th Street. Welcome to 120th Street. Welcome to 120th Street. Welcome to 120th Street. Welcome to 120th Street. Please step lightly. No balls. It's terrible. All right. Why don't we get Santa Cain some water? Brian Reed's playing. Where are you playing, Brian? Caroline. All right, hold on. Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Where is it, Brian? Steve, I have a place to plug in my headset. I just figured that out. I was looking under the console and yours is the water. Where? All right, listen. Oh, God. No. She just hit another scar. Make it like this? What happened? Brian Reed and Caroline, did I get a look at that? What happened? What happened? I'm not looking at you. She just opened up her legs. She's got a big scar. Because Jay was looking for a place to plug in his headset. Oh, my God. All right. So anyway, these big Newton labels. We're going to have you on in a little while to show everyone your hemorrhoid. All right. I watch Sandy's TV show sometimes. Oh, can I just plug that? Plug it. I know my show's thanks, but. No, come on. Just give her a round of applause. The Manhattan Neighborhood Network is listening and I want to say hello to Eminem. My show is coming back on the air with brand new shows this coming Saturday night, 12.30, on Channel 57 and Orcian it's 108. So everyone watch. Good plug. No idea what she's saying. Good plug. Gildo will be on it too. Shut up, dummy. What's the frequency, Kenneth? We have a few thousand people watching, right? All right. We're going to get back to you in a couple of minutes. Yeah. Because why don't you just wait out in the lobby, or I'm 57, or wherever you want to wait. And make sure that the hemorrhoid is ready to pop out for later. I've preparation aged it. Take this. All right. Thank you, Sandy Kane. Thank you. We'll talk to you. Thank you, Brian. I'm finally completely disgusted with our own program. Jay Moore. All right. All right. Go. There you go, Sandy. There goes Sandy Kane. There goes Sandy Kane. Will you be at Caroline's this weekend? I'm at Caroline's this weekend, yeah. Brian is horrified. Brian Regan at Caroline's. Everything was cool. You're crazy. You probably get ear cramps. I think the French chef could cook what's in her pan. But she's doing her thing. I try to be positive. She's out there. I try to see the good in all people. She's got an act. You know, she's trying to... Bring on the thalidomide kid that has sex with a pig. Bring him on. We'll get Brian. I think your wife's horrified. Yeah, I would be. You're okay? She's okay? She's okay. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm horrified. It's our show and I'm horrified. I've got to apologize to Brian Reagan's wife. Half the show is an apology. It's amazing. We apologize to our guests. Into an hour and then three hours of apology. It's like we don't know what's coming in. What is... Oh my God. We're not going to be able to get to all the apologies. We'll get the rest of the... Roll them over into the next break. We're like you guys in like two years. No, you got married. I saw Brian at the... What were you? Irvine Improv? Irvine Improv, yeah. And you guys were just getting married. That's right. And now I'm married. Good for you, man. When did you get married? Two years ago. Yeah. Things are going well? It's going great. We didn't believe it up until he brought his wife in. I got like 20 minutes of material out of it. You just look at them and they kind of write themselves. These vibe gags. I'm sure that's very romantic for her. I got 20 more minutes now. Thank you. Thank you so much for being on the show. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I got 20 more minutes now. Thank you. Thank you so much for being in my life. 20 minutes is a lot when you've got to do an hour. Why don't we take a break? Jay's got the wives getting ready for bed bit. It's really good. So like when you're proposing, I was wondering if you could be included in my 20 minutes. No, we'll still like love each other and all that. But I could get 20 minutes. What's your name? Her name is Nicole. Nicole. That's great, man. Well, good for you guys. Good for you guys. What are you talking about? I don't want to sound like I'm bragging, but I got 25 minutes out of caffeine. Oh, wow. 25 minutes of material. She's got more layers than mine. She's heavily layered. She's deep. She's multifaceted. She's an old soul. She shows a few more cards. All right. Let's take a break. All right. Yes. Brian Regan playing Caroline's all weekend long starting tonight through Sunday. Call Caroline. What time is it? Eight o'clock tonight. Two one two seven five seven forty one hundred. Shut up! This is Brian Regan's plug. I'm asking Brian Regan pertinent. People need the phone number. Bastard. Two one two seven five seven forty one hundred. Opie Anthony. This is a God-given talent to be this stupid and this funny and this filthy. All right. We're hanging with Brian Regan today, Anthony. Yes. He's horrified once again, so we did our job. I don't know what it is. I don't know how this happens every time. We're like that friend where they drink the sour milk and they're like, oh, this is awful. Try it. Yeah, taste this. Next time I come in, I'm just going to have like black tape over my eyes, you know, duct tape. You're better. I'm not going to say that. I barely want to listen. Brian Regan playing Caroline's all weekend long starting tonight. Call Caroline's for tickets. I'm telling you, you'll laugh your yam bag off. Two one two seven five seven forty one hundred. A lot of people want to say hi. Brian, what's going on? Yo, what's up? Hey, man. Yo, I got to thank you for getting that hemorrhoid woman out of there, first of all. Yeah, we figured we'd mix it up a little bit, but that went horribly wrong, huh? Mix it up. You don't want to, you know, blow her out. You know, you're going to have to do it. You're going to have to do it. You're going to have to do it. You're going to have to do it. You're going to have to do it. You're not really going to have her back on, are you? Maybe to show off the hemorrhoid, you know, after Brian leaves. Yeah. I think we're corrupting this guy. He works clean, okay? Absolutely clean. You could take a child, there's acting, and it's hysterical. I do believe this guy has a six-side though. A couple more of these shows he's going to get on stage. Hickory dickory dog. This is J.K.E. I'm Brian Regan. I'm the legend. Oh! What happens all the time? It's like, you know, the rat thing last time. It's like, you guys were like really cool, like, well, we know you got to go. And there's something about me that just couldn't leave. I got to watch this, man. These guys are going to be eating these damn rats. I've got to see it. And now there's a hemorrhoid. A hemorrhoid waiting to pop out. You ever read the panel on Fig Newton? Let me tell you something. I had this Fig Newton in this chick. Oh! Andrew Dice Regan. The big yellow one's the sun, you deaf and see. Oh! A cup of dirt. I call it cup of dirt, you stupid whore. Oh yeah! More gooder. I love it, man. Brooks, what's going on? Hey, what's up? Hey, how's it going? All right. I'm a big Brian Regan fan. I just want to let you guys know that I had pizza for lunch today. Listen, I just want to congratulate Brian on being funny as anything and still keeping his act clean. Yeah, thanks, Brian. I mean, I've seen him. I'm originally from North Carolina, and I saw him down there in Charlotte, and we're going Friday night. I'm really looking forward to it. Yeah, it's a great show. It's a great show. I'm not going to be in Charlotte Friday night. No, I'm going to Carolina. I'm looking forward to it. Thank you so much, man. All right, guys. Take it easy. Right on, man. I just had pizza. That was funny. Can I request a bit? Look at you. I'm a big fan, though. You still got the snow cone. Lousy. I like Donut Lady. Donut Lady. Yeah, I like Donut Lady. I just get right into it. It's interesting you mention that, because I bought some donuts today, which is a weird coincidence. You know, those ladies that work in the donut places, I feel so bad for them because people can't make up their mind. People go in there and they freak out. They just walk in, oh, okay. All right, I'm going to go in there and I'm going to go in there and I'm going to go in there and I'm going to go in there and I'm going to go in there and I'm going to go in there. All right, okay. I want a dozen donuts and you got a lot of donuts. Okay, all right, I'm going to start with four chocolate. I want two Twisty Goos. I want a lemon twirler. I want honey, honey twip. I want a raspberry puffy twirl. No, two chocolate. No, one. Put them back. Put them back. I want a Bavarian apple crunch. Get the latter. Hey, hey. Why don't you go out inside and think it over? It's a big decision. You can't blow a donut day. But the donut ladies, they know how to get back. They know how to get back at you. They do the subtraction for you in front of all the other customers and make you look stupid. You go in there, um, yeah, I'd like a dozen donuts. I'll start with seven chocolate. You have five left. Oh, okay. All right, if I order one more, then how many would I have left? How many would I have then, donut lady? That's what I need to know and now. I don't know how she does it, man. I think she's palming a clicker. She's cupping some kind of advantage. God damn. That's great stuff. I ain't going to do that. What are you talking about? He's talking about donuts and he doesn't mention like whores. I didn't think of that, man. Andrew Dice Regan, okay? Another direction I could take that. Sure. What are you waiting for? Come to the dark side. Okay? Now let's say donut lady starts playing ring toss on your meat. Now that's funny. You go to the show tonight, I'll be throwing that in. I don't believe he's doing it. Hey! Serral checking in. Coincidence, he's eating donuts right now. More people telling us what he's eating. That's so funny. I'm having dinner right now. Okay, my question. Pizza. It doesn't have to do with anything. Yeah, let's go to George. George, what's up? Hey, George. I'm listening on the radio to a 27 second delay. I haven't heard them ask for me yet. The radio, but they're talking to me on the phone. George is gathering his thoughts. Which should I acknowledge, phone or radio? Right now he's writing them down on a placard. Well, I write it, then I read it. I hold it over my head on OTAC. Wait, I'm driving. My current thought. Jim, what's going on? Yeah, what's up? Hey. Hey, yeah, I had a funny story at the airport the other day. I was checking in my bag for the flight and the woman said, have a good flight. And I said, you too. I felt like a freaking tool. That's one of my favorite Brian Ringers. You feel so bad for saying that when I listened to you. You bet you were doing it honestly. God damn it. You just, you can never get over that embarrassment. You just have to run away. Run away. That happened to me about four months ago at the airport. I swear. You did? The reservationist gave me the tickets and she said, enjoy your flight. I said, you too. And I said, I don't believe I did that. And she goes, oh, it happens all the time. I'm like, listen, you have no idea how bad this is. You have no idea how dumb of an error this is coming from me. She had no idea what I was talking about. I just slinked away. You too. In case you fly later. If you get on a plane sometime, then you enjoy your flight then. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm trying to say. You have a chance to have a flight. You get a chance. It's not easy to get a chance to have a flight. If you get a chance to have a flight, then I would take it. Get on it and enjoy it. You too. Holy Jesus. In case you fly. No, you too. Can I request one other thing? You don't have to do the whole thing. Sure. Do a donut lady again. I love that one. Just keep doing it. You're obviously in New York for the weekend. Yes. With your lovely wife. Playing Caroline's. Good, right? All weekend long. Call Caroline's. 212-757-4100. Are you staying at a hotel or at a friend's house? Wow, nice, Sophie. This must be on your mind. Too subtle. I just love that one part of the event. I'm staying at a friend's house. They're letting me sleep on their fold out couch. Which is nice. It's nice when people put you up. But people don't sleep on their own fold out couch. They have no idea what a torture rack the thing is. They mean well. It's like, oh, here, you can sleep on it. They're opening up this big thing. It's all cock-eyed. There's one leg that won't even hit the ground. They're brushing off old Pop-Tart crumbs. They're flapping sheets all over hell. We're going to get it all set up. We're going to get it all set up. You feel goofy just standing there with your hands on your hips. Yeah, set it up. Set it up for me. Let me know when it's all set. All set up. And then they have a mattress. It's about a quarter inch thick. And they have that death bar going right down the middle. It's like you're sleeping on the top of a dog house. Oh, this is nice. The next morning, did you sleep well? Yeah, once I got under the couch with the dog. So no, I'm not in a hotel. I'm not staying in a hotel. Because they insisted that you stay with them. Oh, man. Hey, Jay, Jay's back. Hey, Jay. He's back in business. Brian, isn't there a donut shop right by the... Yes, there is, Jay. I went in there. No, there is. Seriously. I don't think Jay heard the last one. Where were you, Jay? People listening. Does he just have the two jokes? Tony, what's going on? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, we're here with Brian Riggins. Yeah, I was just thinking about Brian the other day because I went to a McDonald's drive-thru and I ordered those super-sized meals that they give you. They gave me those huge sodas, and I couldn't fit into my cup holder. And I'm going out to everybody in my car like, I should have gone in the medium. I should have gone in the medium. Everybody got what I was saying. I think medium is the most ludicrous size anyway. What does that mean, you know? And what I do, you know what you do when you go into these places, you go into an extra medium. And that just throws them for a loop. You know, the guy just turns around and he's like, oh, I see him talking with the manager. I don't know. He said he wanted extra medium. And I'm looking at the mediums. I don't know how to extra it. You go into these fast food places, they got the cup-size display hanging from a string. And I remember some kid had to tie it up in the air conditioning duct. There they are. They're the cup-size. Check them over carefully because it's time to pick a cup. And next to the big one, there's a big arrow and it says, best value. What kind of thing is that to do? Why do you have the other two? What is that to do? Why are you doing that to your customers? You want the best? That's the best. This is the nitwit size. This is our fool's cup. What are people looking at? I don't know which one to... They got so many. Wait a second. That one has an arrow. That one has a big arrow. And it says, best. Yeah, they wouldn't lie, man. They wouldn't lie to you. It's unlimited refills on all sizes. It's all you want for 89 cents, all you want for $1.09, all you want for $1.49. Yeah, you go for that best value. You keep digging for more coins. Oh, boy. Caroline's tonight, tomorrow, Saturday, Sunday. Yeah, he kills every time he's in town. Are you guys going to go? Yeah, we'll be there tomorrow night. Tomorrow night? You know what Brian did for us? I got to thank you. We went and saw him at another comedy club. Last time he was in town. I bought him a free drink, Jay. It's mighty white. I appreciate it. He found out that we were staying for the second show. He changed his entire act just to suit us. Even though it was a whole new audience, I wasn't there for the first day. I did Jay's act. I was tapped on my own stuff. There's been working for me at colleges for years. That old get out of the hole, that Regan shovel. They're not buying my stuff. Oh, ever go to the donut shop? Let's go to Beth. Beth, what's up? Hey, I wanted to let Brian know that he doesn't know how many times he's referred to in our family. All during the Subway series, my brothers and I are like, great, two way, two way, two way. And then you do it out of the club and you wait for like a sports bar and you wait for one guy in the back to go, what the hell does that mean? And you're like, dude, Brian Regan fan. It's you know, when I used to play on right field, you know, I never knew what was going on out there. And the second baseman would like do the Texas Longhorn thing with his hands and do Brian, two way, two way, Brian. You know, like I'm some kind of moron. Oh, OK. Two way, Brian. Thank you for the information. The special attention. Apparently, I didn't know where to stand in right field either. I don't know what it is with the infielders. You know, they think they think they know what's going on. The second base would turn around and always tell me to stand somewhere other than where I already was. Brian, back up. Brian, a little bit to the right. You know, like I'm a little I should have strings, you know, Mr. Puppet. You direct me, Mr. Second Baseman. I don't know anything. I'm an outfielder. Direct me to an appropriate position that you would know about being an infielder in all. Goddamn, he's killing me. Goddamn. Yes. Hmm? Manny, what's going on? Manny is freaking funny. Please, a request. Can you have him do that dumb student skit? You know what? You could go to Caroline's. I'll save Brian 15 minutes. You'll be doing that at Caroline's. Yeah, I'd throw that in there. It's kind of a lengthy thing, man, but I appreciate it. He'll do it at Caroline's, Manny. All right, thanks. Thanks a lot. We actually played it on the air yesterday for everybody and Brian will do it live at Caroline's. Stupid in school. It's hilarious. Manny, bring a friend. That's a good Christmas present. Take somebody to a Brian Reagan show. There you go. Wow, look at that. Hey, look at that, man. Scratching my back. And I think you should go see the next J. Moore motion picture. Somebody has to say it. These plugs are like on different levels. You can go see Brian at Teehees or else you can go see a Christmas blockbuster motion picture with J. Moore. And we're on the other side, Brian. And don't forget to pick up Penthouse. Don't be an Anthony at Penthouse. And of course, Juggs Magazine has Sandy Kane in it. And her hemorrhoid. Blank, blank. Oh, golly. It's just a melting pot. Brian's one of the only comics that I ever drove to go see. He was at Irvine and that's like an hour out of L.A. And I made my wife get in the car and we drove all the way down to Irvine to see him. Rush hour traffic. Very flattering. Really? Not Dinacola? No way. No, Brian, I would drive to see like Chris Rock. Like Otto and George, I go out of my way to see them. I would see a J. Moore movie but not if I had to drive. No, I like them but if it was like right across the street, yeah, I'd walk over. Fortunately, you can see them when you fly. Yeah. No, that's pretty much a theme. J. Moore. Good rental, right? And it's J. Moore's. J. Moore's. Yeah, they had to ask. J. Moore's in that? I like J. Moore's. J. Moore's. Hey, let's go to Matt. Matt, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey. What's up, J and Brian? Hey, what's up, man? Yo, I had a question for Brian. Yeah. I was down south in Georgia last summer and I saw a movie and in the trailer, you know, when they like... I know where you're going. When they show...oh, you do? No, no, no. I'm thinking of something else. I don't know where anything is going. You know, in the beginning of the movie, they have the stupid candies dancing like, Right, right. Well, I saw one with Brian who was like, hey, let's go get some popcorn. That's right. And then you see him at the sink. I only saw it like three times though. It was the funniest stuff. Brian, you were in the movie though? Brian didn't seem too happy about this. No, no, no. Remember that porn film in the 70s, Brian? Got the big 70s mustache, pork chop sideburns, and you're with two other guys. I know where this is going. Did the rabbit live, Brian? How did you know that? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Did the rabbit live, Brian? How did the rabbit? I remember it looked like it got stepped on. No, it was Coca-Cola did these like little trailers, you know, that's like a minute long before the movie started. And it was me just ordering a Coke and a popcorn and then doing one of my bits, you know. But what was interesting is, you know, I would like the very first take, you know, I said, yeah, I'd like to have a Coke and a popcorn. They go, cut, cut. Large popcorn and large Coke, large Coke. I'm like, OK, I see what this is all about. This is all about Coke. My large Coke. Not, not about my little comedy sketch. Say large, delicious, wonderful Coca-Cola. Then that little comedy thing. Succulent. But it was fun. It was fun to do. I'm glad that guy saw it. Let's go to Vito. It's been a while now. Vito, what's up? Hey, what's up, Brian? You're a one funny mother effort. Thank you, Vito. Hey, listen, I got to ask you a question. I'm having a little problem cooking Pop Tarts in a microwave. You got any suggestions? Even your listeners are good set up guys. They're sharp. Yeah, man. You know, I don't understand, you know, when you do look at the Pop Tart box, you know, they got the directions. I mean, can there be a simpler food item than Pop Tarts? Like if the directions weren't on there, would somebody just set the box in front of them and just look at it like, oh, how do I get that goodness in me? Where do you go? How do you start? But you don't have to fret because they got directions. They have two sets. They have toaster directions, which is more than one step. It just kills me that toaster directions are longer than one step. You think it would be step one, toast the Pop Tarts. Go ahead, toast them. Hey, are you still reading this? But they've managed to break it up into smaller increments. These are like the actual steps. Number one, I swear it says remove pastry from pouch. Oh, okay. Let me get them out of the pouch. All right. I see where they're going with this. I think we're banging on all cylinders now. Okay, number two, insert pastry. Okay, we got the pastry all organized. Insert pastry vertically. Oh, oh no. That's when your brain explodes and the whole vertical concept. At one point, did they just start assuming you would understand certain things? And then the microwave directions. I had no idea you could microwave a Pop Tart. How long does it take to toast a Pop Tart? A minute and a half, if you want it dark. People don't have that kind of time. If you need to zap fry your Pop Tarts before you head out the door, you might want to loosen up your schedule. And I swear, it says microwave on high for three seconds. I don't think I want to wake up and be eating in three seconds. The alarm goes off, put it in, ding ding, hard slam, I've got to get out of here. If you're waking, eating and hauling in three seconds, it's time for a change of lifestyle. Pick up some Montana brochures or something. I don't know if that answers your question. What a coincidence, that guy was asking a Pop Tart question. Yeah, because I happen to know about Pop Tarts. Yeah, the advice right there. Wow. Kenneth, what's going on? Kenneth? Yeah, man, I just want to let him know that he's funny, he's hysterical, man. Yeah, we tell you guys every time he comes to town, man. Thank you, Kenneth. Hey, no problem, brother. All right, tickets going fast. Caroline, it's Brian Regan, tonight through Sunday, 212-757-4100 for ticket info. I think we're all going tomorrow night. Make sure you make reservations, comics like that. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Then we know you're coming. Call ahead. We get all juiced up beforehand. Call ahead. Make sure you make a reservation. It goes down in the ledger. That you will be at the party. All the inside info we're getting here from the comics. Jay knows all about that kind of thing, man. You've got to call in and get reservations. You've got to call. If you don't, they don't give us our dope backstage. Who did I let that slip? They got us trained. Hey, Bob, what's up? Hey. Hey. Brian, you're great. Thank you, man. Listen, my kind of humor doesn't go up a good in my house with three daughters. Uh-oh. My wife's like, keep your mouth shut around these kids. But you'd slide in right between Bing Crosby Christmas and all my Christmas CDs. I've got to get that Boxen CD. Yeah, man. What's the name of that CD? I came up with a really fancy title. Brian Regan Lye. Okay. I slide for six. That's good. I like that. That whole volcano scene, it's totally my wife. I told my wife, Mike, hey, keep the kids home from school. Why don't you go bring the project to school? You built it. Thanks a lot, man. Thanks, man. Bye-bye. And you can get it on Amazon.com. Inspiring people. I wasn't sure if that guy was complimenting you in the beginning when he said you were like Bing Crosby and Christmas CD. Is he really slamming me? Yeah, rock and roll to you, buddy. I feel you. Let's go to Darryl Ike Charo. Yeah. Back at you. When people come up and they say they like you and somebody else and the other person is like so off their chart, you don't know how to take it. You and Bozo the Clown have got to be the funniest two guys on the planet. When he haunts his nose and when you do your routines, hey, thank you, man. When I watch you, you know what I see? Frank Stallone and the parrot from Beretta. You light me up, man. Doesn't that just negate the compliment? It just negates the compliment completely. You rule me. They tell you about stuff you've done and it's like some of the stuff that you're proud of and then they just turn around and say something like, yeah, Bozo, I really like that. There's some real hat. Oh, Christ. Just throw everything out the window. Couldn't you have dropped dead of a stroke before you got to that part of the compliment? I like you. I like the kind of stuff you do. I like when somebody sticks a pie in somebody's face. I just laugh. There's a pie. You don't know, hey, it's in his face. And you stuff too. The stuff you do and the pie. Dude, I think you're talented, man. You make me laugh. Hey, do you know Sinbad? Give me that. Oh, God. You run into him because you two guys are the best. Wow. Laverne and Shirley. It just cracks me up. You know when they go, who could be that stupid? I know. And they walk through the door. That gag. I got to throw in. I like Sinbad. I thought so. I saw a little tension there. I like Sinbad as well. Laverne and Shirley. I like that show. Look at Jay now. I like Sinbad as well. No, I will go on the record saying I do think Sinbad is funny. All right. Derek, what's up? Derek, I've never seen him. I do think he's very funny. Derek, what's up? Hey, Owen. Hey. Hey, how's it going? Jay? Brian? Yes, sir. Hey, Brian, I saw you up in Boston a while ago. Uh-huh. And I'm not really sure about the bit, but I know it involved the station wagon and your little brother. Do you remember what I'm talking about? Yeah, the closer one is or something else. My big five minute thank you and goodnight thing? Ah, you're great. You think I'm going to do that here? Go to Caroline. The thing that makes him stand up thing. Thanks, guys. I appreciate it. Good night. Good night. Good night. I appreciate it. Can you do that high on Brian Regan thing? Do that thing where there's no reason for anybody to come out and do that. We're two bits away from that. I mean, people not show up and they just start everything. Yeah, I think we taped it all. It's on Napster right now. It downloaded for nothing. That's what's good about Brian Regan. Brian Regan's got these guys' forgotten war material than I've ever written. There you go. He's got hundreds of stuff. Brian Regan at Caroline. Are you drunk? We do have some champagne here. I've been laughing for the last hour. He's got hundreds of stuff. Hundreds of stuff and each one more gooder than the last. Hey, you guys behave. I'm bringing Santa Cain back in here. I'm glad you got that, Brian. It's out on a marquee. Brian Regan, hundreds of stuff. That's a Maxini title. That's actually a great title. Hundreds of stuff. That would be a great name. It would be funny. Because there's hundreds of stuff in it. All right, all right. I'm bringing Santa Cain back in with a hemorrhoid. There's hundreds of stuff. He's loving it. Bring Sandy back in. Oh, no. You're punishing everybody. Don't punish Brian Regan because I had that hemorrhoid. Do you really want to check out the hemorrhoid? He doesn't want to say yes, but he'll stick around. It depends on how graphic and how close it gets to you. How hemorrhoidal the hemorrhoid is. I don't know if I literally want to see a hemorrhoid. I've never seen a hemorrhoid. How's your hemorrhoid donut, lady? Plus, it would be unfair for me to, you know, I mean that would be her time, you know what I mean? Oh, my God. Is that one of the hundreds of stuff that you have that is extremely funny? I'm trying to be diplomatic. Diplomatic? What are you dealing with? Nice enough to let me do my thing. I'll let her do her thing. Truly the nicest guy in comedy. He's, yeah. I want to step on her toes. She's got things to promote. Chugs magazine. Hey, you never know who's going to pop one day. Maybe that hemorrhoid. It's like that opportunity to see it. It's like popcorn. Some pop, some don't. You never know. Oh, God. That television show on Venus that she was promoting. You may need a favor from her one day. Oh, God. If it ever gets to that point, shoot me. If you want to talk to Johnny, you got to go through Sandy. All right. I was hoping we'd all see the hemorrhoid and bond, but I guess not. You know, I'd like to hear like the preliminary conversations about it and then write... There you go. All right, bring Sandy back in here. Hundreds of stuff. Hundreds of stuff. All right, all right, Jay. We're down to 98. Eh, eh, eh, eh. Yes, so Brian Reagan at Carolines, tonight through Sunday, you will not be disappointed at the hundreds of stuff. Okay, you can bring... So here comes Sandy? When I come into town, I'm always like, who's at Carolines? And if somebody goes, I get all excited that I'm in New York. Who's that, Rick? Thank you, Jay. Phil, this is the guy. Who's that, Rick? Thank you, Jay. Phil, this is the guy that called up earlier, wants to rub the lotion. How do I look? Oh, my God, really? This guy wants to be... This guy's got a tie on and everything. This guy wants to put preparation agent on. You look like a normal guy. Yeah, well, so did a Ted Bundy. So did Ted Bundy. All right, I'm leaving. I like how everyone's telling me. So did Ted Bundy. I love that show, Matt. All right, she's talking to her dildo again, Anthony. All right, no, this is my husband. I'm Sandy? Oh, my God. Sandy, um... I'm not lucky enough to be here. I'm not lucky enough to have a girlfriend like you. Didn't we quickly forget how annoying it is to have her in here until she gets back in? You're like, wow, it really was really... Can I say rear? Can you say that? Whatever. Can you say vagina? Phil, deal with it down the hallway. Anybody can say rear. Right. Can you say the A word? Just don't say anything. A-H? How about we start there? Yeah, the word rear is pretty much accepted everywhere we go. It just matters the context. There's not too many places you can't get away with rear. I'm public access, you can say anything. Maybe a few board meetings. I'm doing it with a donkey next week. I can't even think of a board meeting where they wouldn't appreciate the word rear. You can do it with a donkey. I'm tolerating it. She's just going and going. She doesn't stop. Of course. There's four people talking at the same time. All right, this is Sandy. I know I'm a pig. I know it. Ugh! Will somebody put this retard out of his misery? I haven't been this annoyed since that bitch from Big Brother was here. Oh, God damn! Brittany. Hey, you didn't let me show my breasts here? Well, there's a reason for that. I mean, Brian is delightful. I usually am. Why don't you show up? Jay Moore is here. They love him. I'm only here because Brian Regan is here. Last night I was watching Action with Jay and I was taking my breasts and like... It's Brian Regan time, honey. No, that's fine. Oh, Brian Regan. No, no, no. He's Regan. Brian. I'm Brian Ronald Regan. He's gorgeous. Let me say this. Mr. Gorbachev, cover up those boobs. I want to meet up Brian to impress Jodie Foster. I thought her boobs were Gorby's head until I saw them. It had no stain. If you're Regan, I'm going to do something to Brian to... All right, Sandy. Sandy, what do you want to do? You got a few minutes here. You want to... What is this? Oh. Yeah, we... Oh, God. What is she doing? She's holding up pictures of other women in the magazine. I'm not opposed to that. That isn't you. I'm not opposed to that photo. That isn't you. I'm not opposed to that photo. I don't mind that photo. That is accepted. What's the problem with that? What's the problem with that? Sandy. Well, I'm in jugs this month, so... Yeah, Sandy, what do you want to show us? What do you want to show us? What do you want to do? They're real jugs. All right, let's see your... How can you tell when they hang down to your waist they're real? All right, let's... Would you like to see them? Brian, there's still time to get out of here. Yeah. I'm going to redo my notes. Brian, if you leave... Go over your act. ...my middle finger where we're going crazy for you last night. Oh, my God. Oh, God. Sorry. All right, well, what... Oh, my God. I think I just swallowed my chew. Which one do I like? It'll make you less nauseous, Jay. Like Ron Guidry when Line Drive comes back at him. This girl is showing her boobs and I think, hey... Like in the Bronx Zoo. You ever read the Bronx Zoo? Me and my middle finger. No, Jay. It's incredible. No, Jay. What happened, Sam? You liar. Jay's just talking about... I'm trying to keep everybody's mind away from the hemorrhoid. It's like a three-ring circus. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. It's like a three-ring circus. I know. Three different things happen. The point of life for the wish. Only all in the same ring. I'm just talking over Sandy. What is she doing? I'm just feeling like I'm undressing because I feel so comfortable. Oh, my God. Don't get naked. No, seriously. She's undressing. Now you'll see the ravage of a law called gravity. I asked Sandy how old she was. She wouldn't tell me. I said, can you keep this secret? Yeah. Yeah. That's mine. Really? I want you to tell me exactly where you were when you found out that... Let's count the rings. ...you were caught in half and count the rings. Sandy, you can tell the age. I can't believe you talked over that line. I know. I'm a pro. It's not like you're 30 and you look 25. That was a good joke. I mean, I'm old. No, I mean you don't have to keep it secret. Over 30 though. I mean, I'm over 30. Wow, I never would have guessed that. Over 30, baby. Over 30 you're old. How long do we have to wait? Because you really don't have the body where you can do the tantalizing. You know, mega-weight. Tantalizing. You know, where we're going on. I hope she takes her time. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Take shrapnel. Right. Look at Ryan just like, oh God, why didn't I leave? You're listening. Why didn't I leave? You're listening. No. I don't. Do you like it in the rear? No, I do not. Do you ever do that to a woman in the rear? I did not answer that question. Why did we bring her back in? This is so just disgusting now. I know. I know. All right. Just show Jay your hemorrhoids so we can move on. I know. No. That's cute. OK. Why is she on? I'm this guy from Preparation H. Get the girl from Big Brother back. Swing the mic over to this gentleman over here. Brian Regan is at Caroline's this weekend? Yes. Yeah, we're listening to the comedic starlings of Brian Regan right now. Oh, God, no. He's got a book and he's got an ass. Sir, what's your name or the name you want to give? Phil. And you brought some Preparation H. I did. You got a glove on? I do. He's putting on a biohazard suit. He looks like the Michelin man. I guess that hemorrhoid is older than I am. Now you have it probably is. You have Preparation H, the glove, and you're going to apply this to her hemorrhoid. Sure. I'm getting the heebie-jeebies right here. This definitely seemed like a better idea about three hours ago. My hemorrhoid loves you. You're a very good looking guy. He's not going to wink at me, is he? What did you think it was going to be? He said, this is worse than I expected. What did you expect? Hi, Brian. I look like Britney Spears and I really want you to apply this. I really don't have hemorrhoids and I'm going to turn around. You can apply it that way with your own special applicator. Are you ready, guys? Yeah, let's go. But he gets this. Brian, you just sit tight. The first five times I was here, Brian, it was like young strippers. And now look at what we got. The cousins are making out. That's all right. You go do your thing. The girls are getting their hoods pierced. I'm going to come see you tonight. All right. All right. Quit your talking. But wait, wait, wait. Before you do this, a J or someone is going to have to mic her. Don't look at me. You've got to swing the mic around and then use it again. Now, don't do anything yet. Put the mic in front of her face. This is life, J. This is life, baby. All right. Now, give us a little three, two, one countdown and then just let it rip and don't be shy. Really get in there. She's in here. You're not going to fight her, are you? Oh, I'd love it if she fought her. Oh, good. I would like to. I would like to. Let me see. This is a horrible thing. So, Brian, do you like watching fishing on TV? Speaking of fishing, look at this. It's a trout. Do you have any fart sounds? No. I should have reminded you. Next time. Now, don't you worry. Just get on the mic. I show you will hear farts. Get on the mic. Bend over and... By the way, I'm on Manhattan neighborhood. I'm on Manhattan neighborhood. I'm on Manhattan neighborhood. I'm on Manhattan neighborhood. I'm on Manhattan neighborhood. I show you will hear farts. Get on the mic. Bend over and... By the way, I'm on Manhattan neighborhood. I'm on Manhattan neighborhood. All right. All right. All right. All right. Saturday night at... No, give her the mic. But tell her to shut up. 1057, 1230. There you go. Last time she bent over to show her hemorrhoids, she farted in poor Steve's face. And he loved it. All right. Phil? He's a very kinky guy. He's a very kinky guy. He's a very kinky guy. Apply the... All right. All right. Apply the appointment. Look at Phil. Now, go ahead. Now, really get in there. Get a good one. Oh, my Lord. All right. Ready? I don't believe this. Give her the mic. She needs to spread those cheeks. This never happened before. I don't feel like I might act alone. This is a show world. I don't believe you. Three, two... But alone. All right. Here we go. Three, two... I don't believe it. Oh, no. I don't believe this. It's the end. It's the end. It's the end. It's the end. It's the end. It's the end. It's the end. It's the end. It's the end. It's the end. I'm going to completely erase the memory of guys eating rats. I'm going to be completely whitewashed from my mind. I don't believe it. I got to hear that before we leave. Are you ready? This guy's doing it already. Go ahead. I really would like Jay to do it. I mean, then I could say someday, Jay Moore, touch my hemorrhoid. All right. Go ahead. Phil. What action? Phil, touch her hemorrhoid. It's my turn. Wow. That just happened. Wow. That is just... You're not very gentle. I don't know how to play. He went for a good one that last one. He gave her a good poke. That actually happens. He gave her the pokerizer. It's not very gentle. Is that you okay? No, that's okay. Oh, my God. You're not more gentle. It's not that bad. I don't know how to play. You got a whole bunch of people, and it's just a bad thing. I don't care about any fire hazards start a fire in here right now and burn that glove I don't care if the halon goes off I'm going to give my turn to Brian I'll pass word is hemorrhoid it goes to Brian I'm gonna pass all right well well all right one more time one more time that hemorrhoid might must be pretty effective or something the way you reacted by somebody touching it I think maybe you should seek medical attention that guy put his finger on it and you went like dead knife from caddy shack go to the hospital kind of noise you're no gentleman you're supposed to be able to apply ointment to a hemorrhoid without going how about a fresca? absolutely not. all right listen I want what you want to do one more application one more full I don't think I've got it all oh my god you're a really good one we want to make it perfectly clear that Brian is not checking this out that that poor glove you know expected to be unwrapped by some nice housewife and wash a few dishes now the gloves like why me? I was sitting on the rack I get this I thought maybe a couple of tea cups and I'd be put away in the cabinet I don't like preparation age personally all right let's go let's go show the hemorrhoid Phil make sure you're gonna look good on your resume. What do you do for a living? In marketing. Is your mother listening? I do this to my mother. All right everyone be quiet. Get on mic. Here's a joke there you didn't catch it. Give us a little countdown. Give us a three two one. Hello hello. Here we go. Oh. Oh. That hurt. You hate women. This isn't right. This is awful I can't even take it. That's what you hate women? I'm turning myself in. I can't take this. Be gentle. I'm still a woman baby. Brian again I apologize for this program. But we learned a lesson if you want to show you like women don't do it Phil did. Don't use two fingers. Cut your nails now. She said Phil should cut his nails. Phil because you're on the other side of the room and I didn't want to witness any of it. Could you let us know how you use your fingers? I mean did you actually penetrate instead? Hold on what you can say is did you actually make your fingers disappear. See that's how you could say it. But you can't say where. The amazo Phil the magician. Is in the room with us. Oh no God. Poor Brian. I think we got a full sleeve. Phil did your fingers disappear? Were you trying to make your fingers disappear? I was trying to get knuckle deep. Oh my God. That's alright. I appreciate it. Phil did you see the hemorrhoid? I didn't actually see the hemorrhoid but. I felt it. Phil did you ever watch a doctor show now you're supposed to take the gloves from the bottom. Pull it over the top. Over the top. And not touching anything. Make a fist like. Now pull it over the top Marcus Welby. Rub it all over your hair Phil. Something dripped. The glove broke. The glove broke. Well yeah the glove broke. Like the virus is airborne. Alright listen listen. That is worse than Ebola right now. And it could do more damage. Yeah put that in the jar and we'll auction it off on eBay. Yeah for Patty's rent. Alright listen Sandy we want to thank you for coming by. That was Sandy very good. That's a hell of an act you got. It's alright. I think you've been plugged enough. He's gorgeous Rick. You didn't seem to enjoy it when the other fellow was trying to plug you. He's cute. Victor Gatto. What are you doing later? Let's exchange blood tests. Oh Jesus. Or maybe my hem. Thank you. He's not nice. You see he's smelt his finger though. Are you allowed to say that? You smell like a latex living glove. Just don't say rear. I mean you can stick things in it but you just can't say it. You gay guys eat your heart out. But anyway I'm going to be on my own show. Are you gay? Are you gay? No. Well we are willing to work. My boyfriend did. Yeah would you send us some place special. Poor Brian. Thought the rat sign was bad. Now it's going to be a big hemorrhoid sign. Touch the hemorrhoid. Touch the hemorrhoid. Do you think that's sexy? Sandy thank you so much. Final thoughts? I promise next time I will eat Mexican food before I go home. Final thoughts? Just everyone watch my show this Saturday night on Channel 57 of the Manhattan Avid Network and then on Orcian it's a 1-0-8 at 1230 Saturday night. What was that? Alright thank you Sandy. Could you say that again? Hey hey hey. From Jersey like I said. Alright thank you Sandy. Sandy Kane thank you very much. Alright there we go. The Manhattan Avid Network. Sandy Kane thank you so very much. Thank you for being here. Thank you. Thank you everybody. So Brian, Kid Party Games. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. I'm going to be on the show. Kid Party Games. Yes of course Sandy. Yes. Okay that was good. Yes. Okay. Alright. Thank you. Sandy Kane everybody. Sandy Kane. Sandy. Sandy. You have exceeded your allowances. Okay take your dancing dildo. Sandy Kane. I'm in jugs this month too. Yes. Yes. Jugs, hemorrhoids. Hemorrhoids, jugs. Singing dildo. Wonderful. I was in jugs. Oh no, penthouse. Where does it all go wrong? Alright. Thank you Sandy Kane. As she leaves. She makes a list talker patty. You can hang. Alright. Brian Regan at the Caroline Salt Weekend Log. You don't really do any hemorrhoid material do you Brian? You know how it is like when you think of a bit and then you're worried does somebody else do something similar? It just happened to me. I'm like ah jeez. That's my act. Somebody is already covering that whole ground. Alright. I'm going to give you a chance to leave Brian if you want. Before the next thing comes up. I don't know what's going on. Look at it. It's like let's make a deal. You can leave right now or we can bring in the next guest. You see what's behind the curtain. Oh you got zonked. No way. No way. I'm going to leave. I'm going to leave. I'm going to leave. I'm going to leave. I'm going to leave. No way. No way. No way. Stop. Oh Brian. Oh Brian the rats and the hemorrhoid. Now we're going to finger some rat hemorrhoids. We have to say goodbye to Brian and we'll be back with our two other contestants. You should see the signals you're getting behind you from your wife. Bonus round. He's like saying take the out. Take the out. I'm going to leave. Alright. You know I do have to get ready for the show. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. You've got a show to do tonight. I forgot. I had a blast guys. Yeah once again. Brian F'ing Regan. Will you be back tonight when we're all on Ron and Fess? Yeah maybe. Yeah why don't we do that after our Christmas party. They started at 11 and they go until 3 in the morning. They got the enema guy that's going to laugh until he. You'd be a ringer there. Until he does whatever he does. Yeah. Alright. He's one of our faves. Brian thank you so much. He's going to be at Caroline's all weekend long. Brian I apologize for steamrolling in on your interview. Jay I love having you here. I love your stuff. Thank you. So I wanted to come by and hear it because I wanted to laugh my ass off. For reservations 212-757-4100. Brian Regan in the house. You guys sometimes like piss me off okay. One oh two seven WNEW.