 One oh two seven WNEW, the Rock of New York, two for Tuesday with a who, one from Quadrophenia, C.N. Sand. When was the last time you heard that on the radio, huh? Wild. Taking advantage of our huge Rock and Roll library here at NEW. After all, we do have the world's largest Rock and Roll library at WNEW. How about that? How about that, Anthony? It's a selling point for our radio station. That's right, Opie. Are you ready, Rock? Oh yeah. Let's put some smiles on our face and run through this crap one more time for our faithful listeners. How are you doing? What do you mean? Well, do you feel any better than you did, let's say, before the drive in today? Yeah, I feel great. With your shake concoctions and... I was wondering when this was going to be brought up on the air. I don't know what you're into these days. I'm into being healthy. Other people are healthy, but they're not drinking this. We carpool in into the city from Long Island. I think a lot of people can relate to having a carpool partner. Where they have their little routines in the car. Well, my routine when I drive is driving. My routine when I'm the passenger is sitting in the passenger seat. Opie's routine when he's driving is driving. Which is pretty normal. And when he's a passenger in my vehicle, it's eating. He just sits there. First, like, time he's eating, it's this eggplant parmesan. Well, I like to just watch you squirm. So, I need to eat lunch on the way in to work. I can't eat before we get in the car for some reason. Because it's too early for me. I'm on a strict schedule. And we'll stop for lunch and I'll get the messiest thing. Because I know it bothers the hell out of you. Well, thank you. Thank you for doing that. Because the one thing I hate is a car that stinks like food. Or anything else. So, I don't like eating in the car. Because eventually something's going to fall. Something's going to take a tumble on the side of the seat. A piece of chicken or something. And before you know it, it smells like a slaughterhouse. You still accused me for the mustard stain in your old car. I know that was you. It wasn't me. I don't put mustard on my hamburgers. It doesn't matter. There was mustard on the hamburger. You didn't get it without mustard. How did I get mustard on the ceiling of your car? I have this all figured out. You and your wife have been blaming me for this for I think three years now. I have this all figured out. All right, go. As I understand it, you had ordered a hamburger. And it had mustard on it. Because we were in Connecticut. And they put mustard on the hamburger. Is this right? Yes. At the time, you had a certain hairstyle that you would run your fingers through your hair to keep it in shape from the wind. Is this correct, sir? What are you talking about? Hairstyle? Work, please. Please work with me. Okay, my hair was longer. Your hair was longer. You took your fingers and ran it through your hair. Okay. Now, I deduct that as you were eating, you may have gotten some mustard on your hand. Okay. Is this possible, sir? No, I will take the fifth on that. Where's Johnny Cochran? I believe it is a possibility you could have gotten mustard on your hand. All right. As you ran your fingers through your hair, some of this mustard was transferred from your hand to your hair. I see. And this possibly happened, sir. No, but... I tend to believe that this has happened. All right. As you were getting into the backseat of the car that my client, Anthony, was driving at the time, a Mercury Cougar, it's very tight, very tight fit. So you're thinking my head rubbed against the ceiling of the car. Your mustard-laden head rubbed against the headliner, thus depositing mustard on the headliner of the Cougar. How neurotic are you? I know that's what happened. I know that's what happened. That's not what happened. It doesn't take Columbo to figure it out. You and Jennifer have been blaming me for that for years. Years. But anyway, so... Well, it must have been me driving in the backseat and throwing mustard on the roof of the car. Regardless, that car is gone. Now I have the new car, and you eat in it. Yeah, lunch. Eggplant, Parmesan, whatever the messiest special they got going. Did I mention that a coffee cup was found on the floor of the backseat? And that was you? I don't drink coffee on the way in. Yes, you did. At some point you did. Because I don't drink coffee. All right. Now this morning or this afternoon as we're driving in, Oh, because, oh, yeah, man, why don't we stop at... I could stop and get myself my health shake. And whatever, I'll stop. I'm driving, you know. That's the way I get my veggies. I'm a good guy. So he gets this concoction that's like from a bad sitcom. Now you put the mustard in and then you put the mustard in. No, no. I'll tell you what it is. It's spinach, carrots and pear. Oh, that just sounds scrumptidly-ish. And then I put some protein in it to make it a protein shake. How do you get that in there? Shut up. Who makes it for you? The keg's getting old. Shut up. So I drink my stupid, you know, vegetable protein shake. That wasn't so much. It was eclectic. It was... He comes back to the vehicle with this shot glass, this plastic shot glass with a cover on it with like the crap that... What's that face from the exorcist spit out? Linda Blair. Yeah. It was this green like liquid. It's my wheatgrass. Wheatgrass. It's the hottest rage in the health food industry. Okay. And what does this wheatgrass do for you? You get a lot of concentrated vitamins. Yes. Yes. You can't just take a vitamin. Some of the vitamins you take, they don't dissolve in your system. Is that it? Is that what this guy's selling? This is more concentrated. It tastes like freshly mowed grass when it goes down with a little sugar in it. Do you answer like infomercials and stuff? Do you call up for things? No. Hey, this looks great. No, really. They say, I saw it. No. You snap it on your wrist and your wrist pain goes away. But Anthony, before I could take my shot of wheatgrass, the situation had to be perfect because I promised him I would try drinking it at a stoplight because, God forbid, if I spilled any in his car, it would stain, I guess. Well, I guess. It looked like the green paints you got when you were a kid. In the little capsules, they had little colors. You had the red. It looked just like the green. And I know if that's spilt, it would just stain permanently. That grass stain from concentrated grass goop is not ever coming out. So we're on the L.I.A. He slows it down to like 55. Set the cruise control so the speed wouldn't fluctuate. At a perfect speed, he's making sure he's not hitting any potholes or bumps. And now he's like, OK, open it. After he gave me about 100 tissues to hold the capsules. I don't want... Right when he cracks it open, it smelled like a riding lawnmower. The whole car just stunk like grass. And then I did my shot and then he had to open the window because the whole car stunk. All for a lousy shot of wheatgrass. I don't need that. What about your old car? The old blazer you used to have. What about it? Before you traded it in. What about it? That thing was the Sour Milk Mobile. I swear to God. You used to drink your coffees or whatever it is and throw the container in the back. I deduct the liquid with ooze out of the coffee container still containing part of the milk mixture and hit the carpet and from the sunlight shining through would smell like a baby diaper. That wasn't my fault. Someone spilled milk in my car and I could never find it. How did they spill milk in your car if they weren't drinking milk in your car? That's all right. I allow people to eat in my car. And that's why it smelled like milk. Right. For God's sake. You're neurotic. I'm not neurotic. I want a nice car. This is why I'm not married. Is this how it is when married couples get together? No, because I am married and me and my wife know not to eat or drink things that can stain or stink a car up in the car. God forbid. God forbid. You don't want the stink mobile. Dude, you're leasing your car. So who cares? You got a couple stains on it. But I have to have it for a couple of years. I don't want to jump in there and just go, oh, this reeks. You'll be happy with a sour milk mobile. I'm not. Fine. Thank you. You're welcome. I believe I proved my case. I doubt it. With a great mustard caper. There's no one listening at this point. They don't care. All right. Whatever. All right. It's two for Tuesday. If you are listening, give us a call. 212-757-1027. Fax line. We didn't get any faxes yesterday. It kind of scared us. It kind of scared us. There's a lot of people. I set up a buffet in my backseat. Are a lot of people on vacation this week? If you're working, give us a fax. With a canned heap on the... Whatever. Shut up. Fax line. 212-957-WNEW. The Rock of New York, 1027-WNEW. Two for Tuesday with Soundgarden, Burden in my Hand, and Spoonman. It's Opie and Anthony. Everyone is chiming in about myself eating in your car there, Anthony. You shouldn't. Well, this person is sticking up for me. Anthony, why don't you put plastic covers on your leased car, wimpy? Plastic covers on... Do you have plastic covers on all your furniture? No. Definitely don't. Nope. Remember going to a relative's house? Houses for the holidays, and there was always one in the family that had to have the plastic covers on all of the furniture. Plastic covers, and you could never go into that room that had the plastic covers. There was always the den area with the paneling and the really lousy couch that was always downstairs. Yeah, you had the green velour couch with the slip covers on it, and then you couldn't go in that room. No, don't go in there. I had an aunt that enjoyed putting plastic on everything. Yeah. Well, no, I don't put plastic covers in my car, but if people out there enjoy driving in stinky cars that smell like rotting food, feel free. I don't. All right, well, this guy is on your side, Wayne. Dirty cars and dirty smells. When I'm in my car, I am happy to say it is very clean. I don't let anyone eat inside the car. If people see a car that is dirty and smells, of course they would think the driver is the same. That's what I think. Longtime listener, Wayne from Quince. If you get in a friend's car and it's like, yeah, give me a ride up here or there or whatever, and you hop in, shut the door, and you're like, oh, now I got to smell this for the whole ride, and it's just, oh. It's awful. Now, my car isn't that bad. There's not a lot of wrappers in the car. There are some people I drive with. You put your feet into all their empty Burger King wrappers, and it comes up to past your ankle. It's like, dude, get rid of this. Your legs have to act like the back of a garbage truck. You just kind of crunch it down and under the seat. There's just so much crap in the passenger seat. Well, it's not good. They're commuting, they eat their burger, and they just keep piling it into the passenger seat. And you know, inside the bag is maybe a piece of the burger you didn't want or fries that dropped out. Yes. I'm definitely not that bad. There's a lady on the phone that wants to discuss my wheatgrass habit. All right. My latest habit where I drink shots of wheatgrass. Wheatgrass. I don't know what that is, but it stinks, too. It smells like grass clippings. It's supposed to help you. A lot of vitamins and nutrients in wheatgrass. Right. So they say. All right. So I bought the myth. Hi, N.A.W. How could you drink that stuff? It's disgusting. What? The wheatgrass? Yeah. Oh, it tastes like vomit and grass and dirt. So you've tried it? Yes. And no one warned me what it tastes like before I drank it. It honestly tastes like freshly mowed grass. It tastes worse than that. Yeah. With the dirt in there also. Now, why did you try it? Because it's supposed to be so good for you. But I almost died after I drank it. Would you rather have a shot of tequila or a shot of wheatgrass? Tequila. Yeah, I know. Definitely. It's easier to get tequila down than wheatgrass shots. But you know what? You have to eat a tomato after you drink the wheatgrass. That's what the guy told me and it really helped. You know something? You know what else he tried to eat in my car once? He ate tuna fish with balsamic vinegar. In your car? On top of the tuna. If you ever want to smell something that's like CS gas. I wouldn't want that in my car. It's like nerve gas. Gross. And it stunk the whole car up even once he left and he didn't drip any. Phew. And it still stunk the car. That's worse than wheatgrass I think. Oh, it was. That had to be the worst. I eat a lot of bizarre stuff. All right. All right. Bye. No, that's not fair, Anthony. Why? First of all. That was horrendous. No, it's a concoction I came up with. All right? You got the noodles. Like the elbows. Noodles like, all right, elbow noodles. Yeah, yeah, that's right. There's elbow noodles. No, listen. This is really good. Try it at home. Okay, I'm serious. It's elbows, can of tuna fish, some shredded cheese. A little spinach. Oh. And lots and lots of balsamic vinegar. You won't believe the smell of this. It's like bad old sweat socks. I swear to God it was horrendous. It was awful. I swear. And then I said, he opens it up in the car and I'm like, no way. Put the top back on there. No way you're eating that in the car. So we get here to the station and we have a meeting with our boss and he goes into the office, cracks open the top and starts eating. And what happens? Gary goes, ah, what the hell is that? Put that lid back on. He was getting banished out of everywhere he tried. He had to go alone into the locked conference room and eat it. That's the truth. Like the boy in the plastic bubble. We were watching him through the glass right in front of the drop. I should whip up a batch and bring it in and have everyone smell it. You will see what will happen. Everybody will just go, oh my God. It stinks. It's horrible. It stinks. It's horrible. I know. Any W. Any W. Oh, he's listening to the radio. Now he hangs up. That was a good move, Rick. That was a good screen call there he did for us. That's better. Line three. What does line three have? Hi, Any W. Hello. Hi, what's going on? Not much. All right. I was wondering if I hope he's become a member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club yet. You know, we've only been on the radio 45 minutes today. I'm taking some serious shots to the skull. Well, I'm going to try to become a member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club once again this week. All right. I failed once again last week. What are the odds looking like tonight? Um, not good for the hopes there, huh? Not too good, no. But we will try. I certainly hope so. Well, this is the reason I came up with the club. You're the Pope or the Grand Poo Bar. No, he's not. I'm on the Creator, but I'm not even, you know, the Grand Poo Bar or anything like that. You've got to be in the club to be the Grand Poo Bar. Well, that's true. Like any organization like the Knights of Columbus or the Lions Club, you have to be a member in good standing to receive the honors of Grand Poo Bar. Now, where are you going? I understand all that. Trust me, I'm trying. I know it's not easy. I'm going to help Opie out. We tried. He's a lost cause. We tried. We called my girlfriend last week. We found out she doesn't even listen to the radio show. It's just a mess. A complete mess. I hate her. Oh, man. It's not like she's listening right now. You never know. What did she listen to, Mega? She said she listened to, um, the Poo Bar. She said she listened to, um, what'd she say? 103, whatever that stupid station is. They play one song for 20 straight hours. It's like the same song plays all day. She likes that. We're in the middle of a 40 minute music sweep. It's the same song, but who cares? Over and over again. Over and over again. I guess we've got to welcome all the Tuesday night Hummer Club members that have checked into our show today. And eager prospects who tonight will be inducted as members. Yes, and if you need help with your lady, you can fax us or email us at this point. Don't call us with that info, but you can fax it over. We'll call some wives and girlfriends today and help you out, okay? The Rock of New York 1027WNEW. Two for Tuesday with the Rolling Stones from Goatshead Soup Club. Dancing with Mr. D and ain't too proud to beg before that. It's Opie and Anthony. You got a nice fax here from Jennifer. Jennifer writes, Opie and Anthony, last Tuesday I gave my fiance Lou a Hummer while he did the dishes. Oh my Lord, what the heck is going on? He's now a member of your club. You guys are hysterical. We listen to you guys every day. Keep it up. One guy thinks that Opie shouldn't even be calling other men's women for a Tuesday night Hummer Club. Until he gets one. Come on. How many people have I personally made happy with this Tuesday night Hummer Club? And you're going to take that away from me as well? Hey guys, I'm trying to help my friend John get into the Tuesday night Hummer Club. He normally doesn't come out on Tuesdays, but I figure your club is a good way to get him to come out tonight. So if you should read this on the air, the message for John is to meet Angie at the Elm Street Park at 530 on your way home from work. I promise he will be in the club if he meets me there. John, your Hummer is waiting. Thanks, Angie. Oh, we've got to get Angie on the phone. That rocks. You know, we've been talking to a lot of people since last week, and it is kind of getting scary how many people are having sex while they listen to our show on Tuesdays. Because all you guys want to brag about it. I want to hear from the girls, not the guys, you know. Hey, dude, I got to... You guys were talking about something stupid. You know, it's kind of disturbing. It is. I don't mind hearing from the ladies, but the guys, it's like, all right, keep it to yourself. Wendy writes, Hi, I'm enjoying the show. Saw you on the web yesterday. A pedophile's dream. Anthony is adorable. Our baby pictures are still up, I take it. Yeah, we've been begging to get those off there, but... I don't know, I don't think anyone knows how to work the computer here at any W yet, so... Okay. Yesterday, we had David Cohn on our show. Yes, we did. And he just, like, he walked through those doors out of nowhere. We didn't even know he was coming in. I'm wondering who we could get to stop by today. If you're like a huge celebrity. Didn't we try to have celebrities call this show? Yeah, but that was early in the game. Yeah, when we first, like the first week. Yeah, who was the biggest celebrity we got? I don't remember. I think it was someone that played like a dead body on one of those... America's Most Wanted. Yeah, that was it. That was the biggest celebrity we got. Biggest celebrity. Now, we had Coney in yesterday, we had all the members of Kissin' last week. I think if you're a celebrity and you want to stop by, you could do that. Oh, of course. Do you think they should call Rick first? Because we've got to make sure they're actually celebrities. Yeah, call up. All right, if you want to be on our show and you're like famous, you know, 212-757-1027. Yeah. All right, see how that works. There's something else I want to tell you really fast, but I can't remember, so I guess we'll just move on. Oh, we got to do the Furby police today. Yeah, yeah. All right, we'll get into talking about that in a little bit. Yeah, Furby's being sold for outrageous prices. Yes, and we're going to put a stop to that. Well, I don't know if we're going to stop it, but we sure will make the people earn their $100 per Furby that they're selling for by giving them hell. Hey, man, do we have the day Matthew's taking us to giveaway today? Two pairs. Two pairs in the second row for the sold out shows at the Garden? Oh, we've got to find out a cool way to give those away. Don't worry, we won't make you eat anything today. The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW. Sophie and Anthony, we got a really cool contest happening. You got a chance to win a private guitar lesson from Aerosmith's Joe Perry and get an autographed Gibson guitar. Whoa. As WNEW's Tick-A-Blitz continues this Friday with Aerosmith tickets all weekend long for you. How cool is that? It's going to start Friday at 9 a.m. and Mr. Tyler promised he'd come into our show. He better. When it comes to town December 27th. Damn well better. If we could get David Cohen on the radio, I believe we could get Stephen Tyler and the rest of the guys in here. Sure. Should be pretty easy to make happen, I believe. Right? We're starting to get a little pull. Oh, here it is. Listen to this. It's about the Tuesday Night Armor Club. Yeah. We're inducting new members tonight, of course. Actually, we're inducting new members as we speak. Right. Doesn't it start at 3 o'clock on Tuesdays? Yes, it does. That's when nighttime officially happens for the Tuesday Night Club. And I guess people are getting it right now. Great. What a visual I got in my head. Anyway, we've been members since the first Tuesday. We were on our way to a dental appointment when we heard Opie and Anthony talking about the club. Unable to resist, we became members driving in our van on Route 9 in Sayerville. Ruth and Gene wouldn't miss a Tuesday Club meeting. How about that? People are bragging and faxing us when they became members of the Tuesday Night Armor Club. You can do that. The fax line is 212-957-WNEW. Well, Opie, somebody doesn't or really wants the restrictions put on you. Because obviously by now everybody knows Opie is not a member of the Tuesday Night Armor Club. No, pretty much at this point, everyone knows that Opie is not a member of the Tuesday Night Armor Club. A pathetic loser. Says Anthony, Opie must give up all authority of the Tuesday Night Armor Club. He cannot act as a representative of the club until he becomes a member. Opie should be banned from the studio on Tuesday. Come on! This is the thanks I get. This is the thanks I get for making a lot of people happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. I'm happy. This is the thanks I get for making a lot of people happy. Allowing Opie to participate in the Tuesday Night Armor Club is like asking Bill Clinton to be the guest speaker at a Family Values seminar. There you go. That's the people have spoken. Keep your abuse coming. We got the Furby Police? Yes, but we've got to do a new one today. But people are requesting the one we did late in the show yesterday. This will give people an idea of what we do, what the Furby Police are all about. Every year there's a damn toy that they say is in limited supply. Can't find it. Price skyrockets. Parents start punching each other at the store to get these for their little spoiled kids. And they don't know why because I bet you if you ask the kids what a Furby is or if it's the hottest toy this season, they wouldn't give you a straight answer. No, the parents want their kid to have a Furby. It's some marketing genius who has decided that the Furby is the most important toy this holiday season. They did it with the Tickle Me Elmos, they did it with the Sing and Snore Ernie's. Sing and Snore Ernie's all over the shelves this year. Oh yeah, what happened? Why isn't it important this year? Why? I don't understand that. Because of the Furby. That's a Furby. I just hope people aren't believing the hype. I had a little Furby. Sing the Furby song. Sing the Furby song, come on Claire. So we have some numbers for people selling Furbys at huge prices. Yeah, you just go on the internet or in any classified section of the paper and you will see people trying to get 150, 200, 300 bucks for a damn Furby doll. Which will be all over the stores the day after Christmas for $29.95. So we figure it's our responsibility as responsible broadcasters and journalists as we are to attack these people. Let them know how we feel. Right. That they are taking advantage of the children, Opie. Yeah, they are trying to make money off a children's toy. With a little Furby. So we found a lady who was selling a Furby for $300. $300. So we called her yesterday and messed with her. And we are going to do a kid approach which is kind of brutal to listen to. Take a listen. Hello. Are you selling the Furby doll? Yes I am. How much do you want for it? $300. If you want more than one we can down to $250. I don't have $300 and it's for my kid. She's five and she's got leukemia and I don't know what to do. I know there are stores and they are all sold out and I really have to come through because this could be her last Christmas. Okay and what is your name sir? John. And your last name? Huber. How do you spell that? Okay and your telephone number? This sounds a little fishy. No this isn't fishy, you sound fishy. I'm not fishy. My kid is dying and I need to take care of this for her. I called the Make-A-Wish Foundation and they didn't even have any left. The doll is so hot. Well you said $250? I would come down to $250 for you. For one? Yes. For a sick child $250. I got to maybe $100. I'm a little nervous. No that's okay. If you give me your telephone number my husband will give you a call. What about $150? Hon listen we'll come down but my husband is handling it. Are you sure you'll come down with a sick kid? We can try sir. Give me your telephone number. How much did it cost you? That's none of your business sir. I was just wondering. They were $29.95 and I was stupid and now I need to get one of these. Okay well if you give me your telephone number we'll get back with you tomorrow afternoon. I need it now I don't really trust that. Sir I live in Pennsylvania. Well you could ship it. Yes I could ship it but we need the money first. I could get you the money for my sick kid. If you give me your telephone number my husband is handling this sir. He will talk to you. You don't want to take advantage of a sick child do you? No I'm not. What if maybe $100? Sir I'm not going to commit to anything my husband is handling this. I'm desperate I'll give you $100 in sexual favors whatever it takes. You know you're just lucky you just called the state police department this is being traced. No it's not. And the state police department is selling Furbies. I never knew that. And making an unbelievable profit doing so. Call the state police department. We're going to be the Furby police for the next three weeks. We're going to try to do a new one today so. Furby police. Keep listening. The Rack of New York 1027WNEW 2 for Tuesday with the cars on the way we got Rush all the way. We got a guy on hold he needs our help Anthony. We're going to talk to him in about 10 or 15 minutes here. Oh Hummer Club yes. A guy named Frank desperately needs our help to try to become a member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club tonight. He's been unsuccessful like myself. Well we're doing great with getting the lady folk to give their guy the Hummer. Yeah I think that is the fourth week. Fourth week of the club Rick. Fourth week. Because our producer Rick is a three time member. Congratulations. Keep it going. Look at that. That's not too shabby. By the way. You got me. I know yeah. But once you become a member you're in for good. You're in by the way. It's a nice conversation piece when you're out and about on the weekends. Of course it is. But yeah we've been very successful. We've been calling the wives at home for the last four weeks. I believe we're about six for six Anthony. Yeah. We've talked six lovely ladies into giving their man a Hummer. Starting to feel invincible. Yeah I think we can keep it going here. We'll keep the streak alive and we'll do that with Frank next hopefully. But you're talking about some kind of toy recall Anthony. Oh my God Opie. I heard on 10 10 wins today. 10 10 wins. All news all day all night. Oh my God. Don't turn that F and dial. My God. You're going to freak out. I heard that there's a toboggan that they're selling and it's being recalled because it cracks in the front and could go out of control and be very dangerous. First of all how do you screw up making a toboggan. Isn't it like a sheet of what hard plastic and a rope. That's pretty much it. What's the problem they used a different color rope on this toy. How could they have a recall on a toboggan. Well the front of the toboggan snaps off. Yeah. And it could. This is the funniest part I heard. And the toboggan can then go out of control. Have you ever been in a toboggan that was in control. No. You pile on these things go to the steepest hill. Yeah. And just go down. Yeah. There's no steering no control. At least you had toboggans as a kid. Yeah. And then we really couldn't afford sleds. Was it a garbage pail lid. Oh wow. Like a flying saucer. We either used a big you know black garbage bags. Garbage bags. On snow. Hello. But the best one because we were rebuilding the house. My brothers they should call in. We'd get a big huge piece of paneling. Yeah. And with the nice smooth finish. Sure. And then we could pile on that thing. That's not too dangerous right. Oh my lord. It was shushing down the hill. It was great. I think my brother Scott like launched himself over the fence once. It's amazing we're not dead from the toys we had as kids. Well you know what happens they start recalling toys now. And if the least little thing is wrong with it or bad or dangerous. Which is fine. I'm fine with that. But you know I remember when we were playing with toys in like the 70s. There was no rhyme or reason to these things. Do you remember Incredible Edibles by Mattel. Yeah. You took a metal mold. Poured this chemical into it. And put it in this blazing hot stove that you plugged in. It's like there was a fire hazard a poison hazard all kinds of hazards. You pull out the little metal thing. Pull out the bug and you ate it. You ate this rubber thing that came out of a bottle. And what would you do when you ran out of the goo the edible goo. I'll put your soldiers in there. And melt candles. And melt your crayons and you'd still eat them because you didn't know better as a kid. Oh why not. You thought you know cooking it would make it tasty. That was a little dangerous I think. Not as dangerous as lawn darts. Lawn darts were another very dangerous toy. You ever played the lawn dart game because it got boring after a while. We used to you know make the circles. Yeah. And then you know you had to stand in the circle. And if you jumped out of the circle as the darts come in your way. You lost two points and. I swear to God. That's a little dangerous. A little dangerous. They recalled those didn't they. Or they just stopped making them. I think they finally started making lawn darts with I don't know like. Velcro or something stupid yeah. How about the lead molding kits where you made lead soldiers. I remember a friend of mine had this. You would take lead put it in this little cauldron. And put it over a burner and melt it. Then you would pour it into a metal mold. And after you know 24 hours I think you were supposed to wait. You broke the mold apart and there was a lead soldier. Right. Yeah. Sounds great. Right. If you're if you're a guy working in a metal factory. For a kid. First of all kids have no patience. So you pour this in and you put it in the mold. And you put it in the mold. And you put this hot lead in. And what do you do. Five minutes. Oh that's long enough. Tracking open. There's a little lead grenade. I haven't seen those in years. Click clack. Click clack. The most dangerous toy ever invented. So I will challenge our listeners. Come up with more dangerous toy than click clack. Then click clack. I went into school. It was I believe elementary school when these things came out. Like it like you were supposed to have a meat at the bottom. There were two big glass balls on strings and they met at the bottom and you kind of click click click click until they really started banging off each other. And then you put your hand up and down real fast and it would it would come over the top of your hand. Click up top and then come at the bottom click at the bottom. So fast you couldn't even see it. Yes. And then occasionally these things would shatter and shrapnel would go flying all over. And just take out eyes. Kids in the playground. Blood. It was like nom. I got a toy for you. I'm trying to remember what it was called. It was where you made your own balloons. You put the little ball on the end of the straw. That stuff had to be toxic. Oh it was. It smelled like it. What was it called though? Oh yeah those big rubbery balloons. It looked like a big garbage bag when you were done with it. It was made out of the same stuff. I believe it was some form of lead. Right. And you just put a little piece on the end of the straw and it just blew away. Super elastic bubble plastic. Is that what it was called? Super elastic bubble plastic yeah. And if you were blowing up the balloon and for some reason you inhale back in. Noxious fumes would go right into your lungs. And you'd be retarded I think for the rest of your life. The phone is going nuts. Line 3 has a dangerous toy. More dangerous than click clacks. Hi NW. Hi. These were called kerbangers. They weren't called clip clops. They were called kerbangers. Not on the island. Don't you remember the commercial? I remember them as click clacks. I remember them as click clacks. Why you walk kerbangers, why you talk kerbangers. They won't ship shatter appeal to no one and in the backpack of kerbangers we'll glow. That was like the cheap version. Yeah that was when they tried. They didn't explode. They were then and they're now click clacks. I'm talking the dangerous click clacks made out of glass. Where you hit yourself in the temple and then decide enough with the stupid click clacks. It was like a little kid trying to work nunchucks. You could use them as that Australian hunting weapon. Yeah what are they called? The bowl. After me and my brother got sick we used to throw them at each other. Yeah somehow the toys never ended up being used the way they were supposed to be used. Of course not. Many of us used the orange hot wheel tracks to have like sword fights with your brother. Of course. Whack him on the side of the face and he's got that hot wheel track red stripe going down his cheek. Come downstairs for dinner and you got the hot wheel track in your face. Don't worry I'll get you back after dinner. We're going to have a pillow fight. Click clacks on the island? Yeah the early ones. Maybe they changed them and made them safer and changed the name. Yeah they were like a whammo product after a while. No they sent us the toys that were prototypes. We were the guinea pigs to see if these things worked. You remember a little something called the hot wheels power house? It was this orange roofed looking Howard Johnson's looking building. They still make those. And you put the track in there and it had these foam rubber wheels inside that spun around real fast. Right so it could shoot the car out. Yeah the principle was that the car would just about slow down, get in the house and then spin back around the track. Well what we would do is line it up without the track coming out the other side and shoot it at my little sister. So she'd come in the room and here's what a hot wheels car would do. Whooooooo baby! That didn't make it to Rockwood. Great little toy. Well thanks for your help here today. My pleasure. Take care. The Rock of New York 1027WNEW you're hanging with Opie and Anthony and the phones are lit. We're talking about dangerous toys when we were growing up because they just had a recall on a stupid toboggan. And I was thinking you know we had much more dangerous toys when we were growing up. Yeah. And we're going through a few of these now and the facts are spitting out, the instant feedback. Well you were saying you didn't have a toboggan. No we used paneling. Someone else, Karen, says we went sledding in those big disposable turkey cooking tins. Oh cool. You gotta love that. Now when we all were sledding when we were younger, because everyone knows it doesn't snow anymore, did everyone have a dead man's hill? Yeah or a suicide hill. Or a suicide hill where there was folklore like someone broke their skull and it was dangerous and you were always very scared but you had to take a run on suicide hill. Oh that's why Bobby's the way he is. He was going down suicide hill and hit his head on a rock. Let's see, super elastic bubble plastic is back, says Mindy. How could that possibly be back? That's dangerous. Really cheesy commercials for it. I think I saw those too and now they advertise it as having a one way straw so you can only blow through it one way. Okay because that's the deal when we were kids you used to inhale the stuff and we found out it was lead or something so they took it off the market. Let's see, Chris, when we were kids we used to freeze the hard boiled eggs from Easter to June and have frozen egg yolk fights. That would hurt. Sure would. And Pete said, oh yeah I remember this, remember the pump up water rockets? The red rocket. Yeah the red rocket with a clear piece of plastic on it, you put some water in there, you pump that thing up, only ten pumps please, never more than ten. But after like seventy when the rod starts bending you shoot it straight up in the air away from everybody right? No, you shoot it sideways at your brother. No, I'm telling mom! See those things would reach 300 feet in a second so the velocity is pretty, that could be more dangerous than click clacks. We always had the younger brother hold the rocket when it just wanted to go, I was like no hold it down tight. We got to get a few more pumps in. Try to snap off. Wow let's go to the phones here, everyone's got a dangerous toy. How's it going? Yeah I used to have a James Bond attache case. Oh the James Bond attache case, it shot like missiles at him. Yeah I hit my sister in the forehead and the thing got thrown out. It had the knife that came out of the engine, if you didn't know the right combination a knife would pop out of the side of it. And it had like guns that you could fire from the handle? Oh yeah it was wild. And you open it up and pull out a machine gun? I had it for about a week until I hit my sister in the forehead with the missile. It all came down to that. You hit your sister on the head and then you lost your toy. That's it man. Alright buddy. I really don't remember that one. How about that little laser looking gun that had Mr. Spock's picture on it and it shot those little wafer discs? That was pretty dangerous. It always hit someone in the eye with that. But now they make those out of stupid styrofoam so they just bounce off your forehead. Hey what do you got man? Hey yeah I was thinking about dangerous toys. The one I was thinking of was the incredible head shrinker where it was advertised by Vincent Price and you put an apple into these chemicals and it shrinks it down and you paint it and stuff. Yeah that's right. It was all a spooky commercial. You can shrink a head. Totally. Absolutely. And you did. You put an apple in chemicals. God knows what they were. Yeah they never really worked either. It always just fell apart when you went to go paint it. And the paints were poly-caustic too. I wouldn't doubt it. That's pretty dangerous. Very good. I forgot all about that one. You'll never get away with selling that now. Definitely not. And another one was an upgrade from the one you had said where you pull the string and the car goes. It was Smash Em Up Derby. It was like what you said except when it hit something all the pieces flew off and nearly everybody's eyeballs. Very little pieces. Cool man. Thanks. Wow. I mean the phones are just lit. We'll take a few more in a minute here but we've got Angie on the line. Angie. We've got to talk to Angie real fast. Let me read her latest facts. Topian Anthony. Hi Angie again. Not sure if John got my invite to join the Tuesday Night Hummer Club tonight. I know he listens in his car on the way home. So once again John meet me at the end of Tuesday Night Hummer Club. So once again John meet me at the Elm Street Park so I can get you into the Hummer Club. Be there at 530. Your Hummer is waiting. Angie. 20 minutes. Angie. You think he's going to show up. I don't know. I really don't. I would hope so. I just hope you guys go somewhere else now that everyone knows you're just waiting there to give them a Hummer. I'm just going to meet him there. I just remember the son of Sam cases. Just go somewhere else now. I remember the son of Sam or Jason was in Corny. I think John is racing over there right now. I just hope he doesn't get himself killed getting there. Coming and going at the same time would really be terrible. If the cops are listening and you pull over anyone named John give the guy a break. He could be on his way to a Hummer. Hello. Alisa. It's Topian Anthony from WNEW Radio. Hi. I'm going to marry you today. Okay. Why? What did my husband do? He didn't do anything bad. He's a good guy. He sounds like a real nice guy on the phone. He asked us for some help. Have you heard about the Tuesday Night Hummer Club yet? Yes I heard. Oh you have? What do you think of our lovely club? Not much. Why don't you think much of the club? I'm very busy. I'm too busy to get back into the groove of the days when they could just do those things. Those days aren't here. I'm too busy anyway. Right now I'm doing homework with my 7 and a half year old. It's really not fun. You've got to find the time though. Don't you think? Don't you remember the old days when you used to run around the house naked and have fun? Ten years ago. Something happened here. How about you guys try to recapture the flame tonight? I'm working. I doubt it. This is really bad. This will be our first defeat. Are you serious? This is my week off. You just don't enjoy giving a... This is my week off. Ask him what that means. What does that mean? It means it's my week off. So you don't want to give hummers on your week off? This is my week off. I don't do anything on my week off. Oh my Lord! Is he in trouble when he gets home? He's in trouble. You poor kids. I don't see this marriage getting any better. How long have you been married? Almost ten years. Are you resigned to the fact that you're older, responsible, you have things to do and never again will you reclaim those times where you gave each other, let's say, oral pleasures? I have to go now. My 7 year old just left her book. We have a health test tomorrow. It's done. Why don't you do a little health lesson tonight? I'm working. Have a lovely life. Thank you. Bye. Frank, it was brutal. It was ugly? I figured. She wasn't even coming close. Boy, you got a rough one over there. We were talking and she wasn't budging. I suggest a divorce. I see that as the only way out of it. We spoke with her. I understood in a quick three minutes what it was like being married to her. The kids, the whole homework thing. She's working, she's tired, leave her alone. It's her week off, whatever that means. What does that mean? Her way out of it? Yeah, it's the excuse. Don't bother me this week. Something tells me it's been almost ten years off. Alright, Frank, I don't know what else we can do for you except call you a poor bastard. Well, you're not doing much better. That's true. Alright, man. Alright, thanks. And there he goes, Frank. We were conquered. That's the first time we've been denied. Usually the ladies go for it. God, she sounded miserable. That's the type of thing. That's the exact reason why we started the club. Yeah. Because there's a lot of guys and ladies in that exact same predicament. But when they're in that situation, it might be too late. That's the example that's too late. But if we get to these people a little earlier, before they're that miserable and that unwilling, then maybe we can save them. That's a lost cause right there. That's what they call a lost cause. That's what they call a terminal case. Anthony, I think our club's going bad because now there's another guy in the line that's ticked off at us. What now? What happened to you? Yeah, I got a bone to pick with the Tuesday Elmer Club now. What happened? What happened was last Tuesday I was getting a bit friendly with my girlfriend and I was in the process of becoming a member. Right, right. And yes, I happened to let it slip that I was happy. That I was happy to be coming a member. And I said I could not wait to call you guys. And all of a sudden it was interrupted. Oh, she didn't like that. No, no, and she just said, you know, what are you talking about? And I said, well, you see, there's this club, you see. Oh, no, no. That was wrong, apparently. That's brutal. Oh, shoot. You know, there's a lot of couples that both sides know exactly what's going on. And then there's those sneak memberships where you're becoming a member and she has no idea that she is making you a member. Right. I thought she might appreciate it. Oh, yeah. I didn't say I was wrong. And yeah, so she hasn't actually talked to me now since I was able to talk to her last Wednesday and since then I've been shut out pretty much. Whoops. Yeah, yeah. You know, again, I don't, I still think, though, that I am going to claim my membership. You know. Well, if it was happening on a Tuesday, because we get this question all the time, does it have to be done to completion? Right. Not necessarily, as long as you're, you know. Oh, you're stupid. It's my old fault. Oh, yeah. You had it made. Yeah. It was right there. All right. Well, needless to say, if she knows nothing of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club and you happen to be lucky enough to be getting one on a Tuesday, keep your mouth shut. At least until it's done. Yeah, whatever. All right, we got two from Van Halen next. Woo! 1027WNOW. The Rock of New York, two for Tuesday with Van Halen. Somebody get me a doctor and everybody wants some. We'll send that song out to everyone that wants to become a member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Yeah. I believe we have a guy that got it on the train. Want to talk to him really fast? On the train? Which train? You do that. Yo, bro. Hello. You're a member now? Yes, I am. So what happened? Well, I was on the train. All right, be careful. No problem. It was the train coming back to Greenwich from New York. And I was on there with my girlfriend and I was listening to it on my walkman and I handed her a letter of listen to it. And she decided that she wanted to become a member right then and there. So we one of the times snuck into the stall and did the deed. Stuck into the bathroom stall. And the bathroom stall? Yes. Did anyone know what was going on in there? I don't think so, but I'll tell you, it's quite a deed to try and squeeze into that bathroom with two people. Baby, baby, yeah, keep going. Baby, baby, baby. It's like the little train from Disney. Climb aboard, kids. And get your armor. Wow, congratulations, you're a member now. Well, thank you. Now, see, you're using a smart tactic. We've encouraged the guys to make sure they get their ladies to listen to our show on Tuesday and we'll do all the work for you guys. Great icebreaker, yeah. See, you knew we were talking about the Tuesday Night Hammer Club. You handed the walkman over to her and she was open to the idea. Brilliant move. Bravo. We bow to you today. Wow, I wouldn't have thought of that. Congratulations. Thank you. I think we should see if we can take some kind of a collection for Opie to become a member now. Well, we're going to try once again tonight, so wish me luck, okay? All right. Thanks, guys. Very cool. Another member of the Tuesday Night Hammer Club. You've got to love that. Now, Anthony, you want to do the Furby, please? We kind of promised it here. I think it's our duty, our civic duty, Opie. We're going to give you an item this holiday season. And of course, a lot of radio stations are giving away a chance to win a Furby. Yes, they're going to have some lame-o promotion. You just bid on the Furby doll and it goes to the highest bidder and then they'll give the money to a charity and it looks like everyone is doing a good deed. I don't think anyone should believe in the hype on these stupid Furby dolls. No. Singing Snorri last year, Tickle Me Elmo the year before. There's a ton of Tickle Me Elmos and a ton of Singing Snorri dolls. And the same thing is going to happen with the Furby doll. People are so desperate, they're going through the classifieds and they're going to spend $200, $300, $400, $500 on a Furby doll just so their kid has it when they open up their presents Christmas morning. Ridiculous. So we have become the Furby police, Anthony. Yes, we pick out people that are taking advantage of the children, selling little Furby dolls, and we call them up and harass them and berate them and generally piss them off. And make them feel bad if we can. Well, we found somebody right here in the city that is selling an S-load of Furby dolls. An S-load. And get the price? $300. Another $300 for the Furby dolls. We can't read the classified because we don't want them to know that we are calling right now. All right, I did the last one. I used the sick kid tactic. What do you want to use? I feel perhaps I should use some muscle. Perhaps maybe the family ought to get involved. A little love to the mafia. We'll take the mobster attack on this one, I think. We've got to get to your music here, Anthony. Thank you, thank you. Hello. Hello, miss. I was looking at your ad in the papers. Yes, are you interested? Not exactly. I got a proposition. What's the proposition? I have acquired through certain means a tractor trailer full of these little Furby dolls. I at this moment have no place to put them or to distribute them. I would like your help in distributing. I can't help you at all, sir. Excuse me? I can't help you at all. I won't do nothing illegal, okay? Wait a minute, miss. Dude, you've got to call her back. Hello? Please do not hang up on me and hear me out. This is very important. Is this the party to whom I was just speaking? That was my mother you were speaking. Who is this? Okay, my name is Bruno Tattaglia. I have a proposition. I have a trailer full of little Furby dolls. All right. I need them to be distributed. I have no means. I would like to know if you would like to maybe enter a partnership with me and a few of my friends. What do I get out of it? You get, let's say, a cut of the action. Plus, if we can ever do a favor for you, we will be there for you to help you and maybe your family. All right. What do you want me to do with the dolls? You want me to hold them? You want me and my family? How much for a doll? We're talking a thousand dollars each doll. That ain't happening. You will be in charge of advertising. Can't happen. I can't even get 300 a doll now. You will get a thousand dollars a doll. Uh-huh. Of which my organization will get 98% of the profits. You will keep two. And your legs. You're funny. Funny how? Funny how funny? I will come to your house. Come right now. Tell me what you're going to do to my legs. You're a joke. If you only knew who the f*** you're talking to. We'll come over there. I know who I'm talking to, pal. All right. You want me to come there with my boys? Come right now. You'll be taking a dirt nap and snoring, my friend. You got me so scared. Do you understand me? I don't understand nothing. I believe we have an agreement. You're a punk. Come to my house. I'll come to your house. I'll call your doll seller. Your doll seller. Come to my house, pussy. I'm there, you jack-off. You're a pussy, you jack-off. So you sell my dolls? A thousand dollars. You're a funny guy, but come to my house. I'll be there. Right now. I'm coming. Apartment 3E. Are you going to f*** me, or am I going to f*** you in the a**? It depends what your mother wants to do. Which one, sir? Whatever your mother feels like doing. Sucking my a**, your a**, whatever she wants to do. So I get to put my a** up your a** hole? No, you're going to put up your mother's a** hole. All right, that sounds great. Come right now. I'm coming. Sounds great, my friend. Bring your mother, though. Bye-bye. Oh my God. He wants to enter a partnership with me and my family. That was Anthony. I had nothing to do with that. What are you, crazy? Well, we've got to get tough sometimes with the singing snooks. You're acting like a mafia guy, and that guy, it sounded like he was part of the mafia. Oh my Lord. I hope he doesn't whack me. I had nothing to do with that. That was Anthony, the one that looks like a terrorist when he leaves the building. Leave me alone. He looks like a terrorist. The little Furby selling up, eh? My Lord. All right, great, thanks. We really need that on our side. Okay, on the way, some Guns N' Roses stay there. The Rock of New York, 1027WNEW. All right, Axl. This is the most annoying part of the song. Is that necessary? What happened to the slow fade? You know, the rock are all songs. All right. I'm going to sit there. Soapy and Anthony, I don't think we'll be doing the Furby police bit anymore. We will. I don't care about that guy. He was nothing. I'll teach him. He's all cute calling up as that guy's cousin. We really appreciate the abuse. Like 10 phone calls from people. Was that the phone call you took from my son? You will pay dearly for it. Yeah, sure, okay. We've got a lady that has a good idea for the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. We like hearing those. Hi, NEW. How are you doing? I just want to let you know how men and women in your listening area can both benefit in your Hummer Club. Ooh, all right. Okay. My husband and I, I was charging him $20. Every time cash on demand, we saved up for a house that way. Wait a minute, you charge him $20 every time he wanted one? $20 cash on demand. $20 cash on demand. And it was cash on demand? Yeah, sometimes I'd give him a discount depending on my mood. You must have gave a lot of hummers if you saved up for a house. We got it. What would you do for $100? What would I do for $100? Well... Screw this, $20 a shot. Anything he wanted. It's my husband. We'll give you a grand, put you on the rotisserie and play cards on your back. I just thought it would benefit both for everybody, so I wanted to share it with you. You really did this, huh? Yeah, and I got a vacation one year too. Now how many hummers do you think you performed in a year? I don't know, do the math, 300? You pretty much went every night. I went a night, you know, a couple nights off. Works out. To give you a jaw-wrestle. That's not what it should be anyways, right? Wow. So you get paid $20 for it and hey, you're both happy. All right, we'll throw it out there and see if anyone buys it. Okay. Thank you. Take it easy. Bye-bye. Interesting, huh? Wow, 300. That's a lot. I haven't had that much in my lifetime. I'll give you the big try. I'm going to work on one. The rack of New York 1027W-N-E-W, it's Zopi and Anthony. And I believe we have a lady on the line that has a question about the Tuesday Night Hummer Club, Anthony. All right. Hi, who's this? Hi, this is Ann, how are you? Hi, Ann, good. We got you live in the air, so don't curse. Okay. All right, I have a question for you about the Hummer Club. Oh, we answer any questions from ladies about the Hummer Club. All right, well here's the thing. I'm in the club. Well, that means you're in the club too, by the way. Okay, cool. We're both in the club. All right, well, I want to know the details of membership. I mean, do I now have to give this man a Hummer every Tuesday for the rest of creation? Because that's what he seems to think. Look, he's working it. And I feel like we're in the club, that's a good thing. Are you going to renew your membership every once in a while, though? Or are you just going to let it run out? There should be an expiration. I'm going to renew my membership at my discretion. Okay. So, what's this issue on our show yet? Nice kid, by the way. What is he, like right by the phone? He's like right by the phone. I really couldn't tell by how loud he is. Mommy, I want a Furby doll. Mommy, I want a Furby doll. Furby doll. Mommy, Furby doll. Furby. It talks to all the Furbies. Shut up. What I need you guys to do is explain to my husband on the air that he doesn't have to renew his membership every week. Well, the rule states that once you're in, you're in. But honestly, I think there should be an expiration date on your membership. I don't think it should be a week. No, not a week. I mean, we've got to be fair. But if you're going, like, three months. Excuse me, wait, wait. Is OP trying to legislate to some type of new bylaws here? Am I hearing a guy who isn't even a member making up rules? Excuse me. Anthony is the grand poobah, even though I created the club and he sits there with that big, fat, goofy, stupid grand poobah hat on his head. I got to wear my big grand poobah hat every Tuesday. Let's see how you legislate. Okay, I think indeed there should be some sort of an expiration like there is on a license. Okay. But not a week. Oh, not a week? No, that's crazy. Well, it's kind of cold for a guy, but we know it wouldn't work, so you can't get greedy, guys. Come on. Yeah, we'd be losing members pretty quickly. I think in all fairness, like three months? Yeah. Okay, three months. I would say three months. So he better write it on the calendar when his membership is going to expire. Because I have a feeling that's the next time he's going to get it. Thanks, guys. All right, bye. Oh, kids. Yeah, three months and you have to re-up. And that's how it works. You have to get a couple of memberships. Yeah, you have to get a couple. I don't know if you could like store them. If you get two in a row, can you store it? Well, there's a bank it. But there's a couple things happening with the Tuesday Night Hammer Club. Yes, you're not getting them. Obviously. The whole damn world knows that now. But there are guys that get it once, and that's it. They're members and it's a nice conversational piece on the weekends. There are other guys that are bragging because they're like three-time, four-time members. Yeah, like Rick over here. Like Rick, our producer, is three for three, going for four tonight. And these people are putting little things in their car to show how many times they have up their membership. What a guy. It's kind of like being a five-star general, I think. You get it done once, every three months you're in. But it's also very cool if you can keep the streak alive. Well, you've got to get it going. I'm going to try, man. I'll try. What's Dave doing here? Dave? Stockbroker Dave? How's your sack? Come here. Look at him turning red. Look at you. I notice you're not limping anymore. You're back to normal. No pain at all. Let's update the people because we're getting listeners every day. Dave had a mastectomy live on our show about a week and a half ago. Was it a week and a half ago already? Yeah. Now you're fine? I'm fine. No pain? No pain. How long did you have any discomfort? Four or five days. Lots of vegetables. Yeah, he put frozen vegetables like packages of bird's eye vegetables or something. Food Town. Food Town is the cheap brand. My wife is cheap. And now you have had a sexual encounter? Yes, the Fair Lady Jill took one for the team. And everything worked just fine? We heard horror stories that sometimes got a little bit... Did it feel just as good before the operation? That's very good because that was something you were worried about. It was perfect. You didn't spring a leak like one of those lawn hoses with the holes in them that you put near your garden or anything? No. I want to know how bad the guys rode you back at the stock market. Forget about it. I had to walk around with a red X on my crotch so nobody would bump into me. That's pretty good. Nobody would bump into me. I was just afraid. You get hit. You're crying like a baby. Yeah, you don't want anybody jostling the jewels down. Did anyone bring anything to you? Interesting stuff? We talked about the frozen vegetables and bird's eye and green giant. You walk around a lot on the floor. You've got to be fast, you've got to be quick, back and forth. How did you do that if you were hurt? I wasn't hurting. I'm telling you. That's amazing. That's great. Except when he pulled the tape off my penis. That was the funniest part about the operation. Here's a guy with a scalpel just going to town on your genitals. The operation is done. He stitches you up and then he takes the tape that is holding your Johnson down across your belly. Then he goes whee! That was the only pain. That was the only pain. That was the only pain. That's too funny. Yeah, the guy was gentle with my sack but he was very rough on my... On the tape that was holding your Johnson on your belly. Quickly, we need a little inside information here. What are you looking at as far as the market goes? The market acted well today. It was down 120 and finished up 16. It's going to get hit. It's going to go to 8,000 probably by March or April. You think so? Yeah, I do. Through the rest of the year, through January, January. Choppy. The volatility is back. Who cares? Long-term, I just don't care. Opportunity though. Today you had a good opportunity. You're going to get a lot of opportunities over the next six months. Just have some cash on the side. It's our pal, Cassectomy Dave. Cassectomy Dave. And the Tuesday night Hummer Club members are ticked off at Anthony. Well, now come on. No, no, no, we'll get into the controversy next but people are freaking out at your new law that you just decided to put down tonight. I have spoken. Oh my Lord. I don't go with the polls. 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York. Two for Tuesday Kiss from Psycho Circus. You wanted the best and Ace Freely doing his little tune there, New York Groove. It's Opie and Anthony. Hello. Now, we have started this lovely membership, the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. I think most of the city knows about it by now. It's been the talk of the town for the last month. And who created the club? Opie created the club for all the lonely couples out there. Right, he came up with the idea. Because I wasn't getting any at home and I figured this was a great way to help myself out and help others out. Unfortunately, I have been unsuccessful to join my own club. Now, it's the first week I became a member. Okay. So what did Anthony do after two weeks went by and I didn't become a member of the club I created? I put it to a vote to the listeners to wrestle the huge grand poobah hat from your head. Because you cannot be grand poobah if you are not a member. Okay. So I have taken control of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Right. As you see because I am wearing the huge grand poobah hat. There is pretty much a coup d'etat. Yes. Okay, so you got the grand poobah hat on now, right? So you lay the law of the club down, right Anthony? I am the titular head of the organization. Okay, all right. I hope the listeners are hearing me here. Now, Anthony, about 20 minutes ago, we had a lovely young lady on the phone live. And she needed some clarification about some of the rules of the club. Yes. And what did you say to everyone out there in Radioland? That there is now an expiration date on membership. Okay. Just like anything else, a driver's license, anything else. Okay. Expiration date on your membership that if you do not obtain a Hummer on a Tuesday night, after a certain set period of time, your membership will expire and you will have to renew. Okay. Now guys, turn up the radio a little louder here. Now Anthony. Yes. How long? Three months. Three months? Three months. Your membership will expire after three months. And you call yourself the grand poobah? Oh my Lord. I am legislating. And you call yourself the grand poobah? Oh my, yeah. And you call yourself the grand poobah? What's up? Yeah. What's up? What's up? Hey, what's up? What's up? Yeah. Oh my God. What's up? Yeah. Yeah. What's up? certain I mean you guys are killing me! You can't abuse the power! You guys voted me out! And this is what we get! Hold on! I'm not done yet. What? One hummer every three months. I'm not done yet. Oh, man. That's ridiculous. You have different levels, different levels of membership. You can go for the gold and platinum membership. Oh, no, no, no. You better say that over the air. Platinum membership. No, no, no, no. You better explain that to the guy. Well, you are platinum member. Go ahead. platinum privileges the platinum i never heard plenty of monthly you are a member there you go the boris yeltsin of the tuesday night armor club he can't he can run this damn club and you guys voted me out i have a great invite to the freaking corner and make it up stupid rules when you finally get a homer you can start even talking about about the subject fine uh... well just remember just remember opi would went for every week re-adjusted every week while i really see a lot of these every week well every twice a month i mean you gotta have the power you know that you can't what i don't think it is a quite a week is a very little power i saw about what you're trying to what i mean i'm sure to be twice a month is abusing the power anthony yeltsin he made the rule of law twice a month is not abusing the appellate there is no way in hell i mean guys must have went berserk when you said three months three months every three months that they don't you guys know it it's not that you can get it every week but you will lose your membership after three months of course we encourage it weekly carl and now he says that i know i know i i want you to change your you guys got to have to make the call within cash you brought in congratulations again and happy thanksgiving you too about five have gas charge- iPhone charger- nem hacking What did you do? You kicked Anthony, bring back Opie. Wait a minute, the times are changing baby. There has been a misunderstanding. And I guarantee you guys if I get my hammer tonight it is all over. Not only am I taking the grand poobahad back, I am kicking him out of the club. No way. Absolutely. We are starting a impeachment hearings on Anthony. Hey hold on. You got to say something, you got to get my wife back. I don't believe this. Change the rules. Maybe I didn't word it quite properly. And remember not you guys are killing me. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. What are you doing? Oh look how quickly things turn around. Thanks man. The impeachment hearings start tomorrow. Wait a minute. That's for sure. Hi, N.E.W. Hey how are you guys doing? Listen, he is no longer the grand poobahad. Hey wait a minute. Grand foepahad. No come on. Grand foepahad. My people, my people wait a minute. Listen to me. Listen to me. I am Kierach. You are losing your people as we speak. People please we must maintain order here. Hold on. Let's not jump to conclusions. Opie is spreading rumors and speculation about my words. Oh no. Where is Alexander Haeg when you need him? I don't think anyone is in charge of this club anymore. Look, I did not at any time say that it should be every three months. Phones are going nuts. It's all propaganda. Hey the listeners control our show, our club. My people please maintain order, control, no rioting. We will straighten this out. Obviously it's a ploy from Opie. Much like the Ayatollah had the Shah thrown out. Talk all you want man. Impeachment hearings start tomorrow. Anthony you blew it. If this was wrestling I think this is the point in the show where the good wrestler becomes the bad wrestler. No, no, no. It's like when Chief Jay Strongbow was tag team partners with Bruno Sanmartino and out of nowhere. Chief Jay Strongbow took the brass knuckles and hit Bruno over the head when he wasn't looking for it. I'm just asking my followers in the Tuesday Night Humicub, please maintain control. We will sort this out. Oh no, oh no. Starting tonight we are going to camp outside your residence. We are going to blast Van Halen 24 hours a day until you give up. Like they did with Noriega. Twisted sister Van Halen. Don't let this propaganda get you. We will sort this out and straighten this all out people. Please maintain order. Remember Anthony came up with the rule ladies. 1027 WNEW. The Rock of New York. Super Tuesday Eric Clapton. Giggity, giggity, giggity. Yeah. Dopey and Anthony. I don't even feel like doing the radio show with Anthony anymore. He let all you guys down out there. Look, if you've been following the show we started the Tuesday Night Humicub. It was probably the best invention known to mankind. And I openly came up with it. And then because I wasn't a member of my own club, Anthony decided to vote me out of my own club pretty much. I couldn't vote you out. The people voted you out because you weren't a member and how could you lead the organization not even knowing what it's like to be a member. Alright and I was a member week one so I wrestled control of the organization. The big grand pouba hat that you proudly wear and your lovely hat. Yes. Okay and you were very influential to the people, our people, the faithful listeners of our lovely radio show. We called wives, helped out a lot of guys. I think I've been doing a great job as grand pouba of the Tuesday Night Humicub. And you officially took over control. And then out of nowhere about 45 minutes ago you were talking to this lady. Were you weak? What were you thinking? I had to sit here as just a stupid plebeian and watch you just destroy the club I created. Sure I'm not a member and I'm not a grand pouba but I can sit here and comment on what the hell you just did. I didn't ruin anything. This lady had a little problem with her husband. And she needed some clarification. She said how many times does a lady have to do this hummer thing on Tuesdays? And you decided that the membership does expire. Right. And we've had this question in the past. I kind of just blew it to the side. I was hoping the members would figure it out for themselves. You can't just get one hummer and then you're a member for life. It helps the people if I make an expiration date because then it encourages re-upping. And what was the expiration date again? What? Three months. Yeah, every three months. This is what you do to my damn club. I'm going to start tomorrow guys. No, listen to me. Please listen to me. Let's see guys, three months. Let's say you're not a member of the club and you're going to become a member tonight. Boom, you get your little hummer. Now the lady, according to Anthony, doesn't have to do it again until January, February, March 1st. No, if you make it weekly then there will be problems. How about once a month? How about twice a month? Guys, just remember, OP speaking, I would have voted that you had to renew your membership every week. Just keep that in mind. Keep that in mind. Hey man, did you mind the radio? Yeah. You know, you really caused a problem with this three months. It wasn't me. My God. Don't get us confused. It was Anthony. You guys were my heroes. You got me out of a slump like you'd never believe. Are you f***ing crazy? Look, please maintain control. I understand. We will sort this out. You guys were men. We were sticking together on this issue. It was great. You blew it. Just remember, it was Anthony and not OP. It is key to this whole thing. Anthony came up with the rule that ladies only have to give hummers every three months. I didn't say that. Oh no. Anthony. How dare you? Now if we can overthrow Anthony's leadership, I do believe I can restore order in our lovely club. Anthony, amongst friends, if anybody does something like that, he gets banned. You're not one of the guys anymore. Look, I'm legislating. You have to answer the other side. I have the hat. You better sh** your hat. Cut it out. You will respect my thought hat. You guys have a great show. Thanks man. You make my night. I'll go right home with you guys. We have to fly, but thanks. Keep up the good work. Bye. Do you have any words for the lovely grandpa Anthony? Anthony? Yeah. I sound pretty good on the radio. Listen, I want to say something for OP. I was dethroned and everything. Someone gives you enough credit. I think you and myself and a lot of other people, we think along the same wavelength. I don't know where Anthony's head is. Now you may have been kicked out of the club due to a little... Technicality? Technicality. Of course. I'm not your dad. That's right. You're breaking up like real audio. You sound like real audio on the computer. That's terrible. That's a potential phone. I'm assuming that you are as ticked off at Anthony as every other faithful listener out there. I would like to see you back as Grand Poo Bar. I think... Don't make any snap judgments people. I will be making a statement tomorrow at 3.15. What can you possibly come up with? I will be making an emergency statement as Grand Poo Bar of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Because I think things have to be cleared up. I think we should have a cage match. I think you, OP, are using this against me. I think it's a partisan thing. I think I heard what I heard. I don't see any grounds for impeachment. Sure. We'll see you tomorrow at 3.15. Yes, I will explain what I said. If I get my Hummer tonight, not only do I become Grand Poo Bar again, you are OUT of the club! OUT! Out in Z! We take your stripes. AWOL! Look, I don't care what you say might happen, would happen, going to happen. I am Poo Bar, you are not even in the club. Fine, we could just completely have a coup d'etat and screw all the laws of the land. Look, the members will speak after I make my statement tomorrow.