 Andy Morgan. My mother will remember. My hell. Have you noticed the hustle though? Yeah, they're all a bunch of scam artists. You can't get within a block of the tree without somebody with a Polaroid going, picture in front of the tree, 5X. Just brutal. Swindle the people, the rubes that come here. Yeah, but anyway, I'm walking away from the tree. I'm about a block away and we're walking. It's just so crowded. Out of nowhere, this Santa Claus comes walking up the sidewalk. All right? And you hit him. Well, I wanted to and I'll tell you why. All of a sudden, these two little kids that had to be three tops go running over to Santa Claus. Daddy, daddy, Santa Claus, Santa Claus. And the guy goes, all right, let me take your picture with Santa Claus. You would think it would be a pretty easy thing. And there's the kids all innocent and stuff with their big smiles. They're going to get their picture with Santa Claus. Okay, so innocent. All of a sudden, the guy's ready to take the picture. Another guy out of nowhere goes, no, no, no, no, no, pictures with Santa. Five bucks with my Polaroid. They had a little scam going. You could just take a picture of Santa. You had to have this guy take the picture with Santa. With the Polaroid. With the Polaroid, because they're obviously in cahoots together making some cash. This family had their own camera. All cameras. Just wanted to snap a picture. Right, right. Now, the kids, the kids have no idea about greed and money or anything. They're sitting in front of Santa with these big smiles. They're excited. They have met Santa Claus. So the guy, the pictures are supposed to be five bucks. The guy has twenty. Right? The guy goes, sorry, I don't have change. So now he's not going to take the picture while the kids are sitting there waiting for their picture with Santa. I start screaming because now the guy's waiting to maybe take a few pictures with other people so he can make change to the twenty. But it didn't get to that point because I'm screaming like, take the picture with the kids. So I run up to the guy and I hand him five bucks. I go, here, give it to that a-hole so he can take the picture for your kids. And he grabs my five and thanks me. And then they finally took the picture. So as I'm walking away, I'm like, you asshole. Assholes. Well, the scam is on down there. Yeah. Whether it's in front of the tree or Santa. A quick way to grab a buck. That's pathetic. Yeah, it is. So I really got close to hitting a Santa Claus Friday. Ho, ho, ho. Merry Christmas, right? So how does that opie come out? But the opie that says there is no Santa to small children. Well, because there's two parts of my psyche. There's the on-air psyche, which is a complete a-hole. And then there's the real-life psyche. And I have some sort of a heart. Oh, OK. All right. Just wondering. I don't know. If you can figure it out, let me know because I've been trying to figure it out for years. So are we ready to rock? Yeah, man. OK. Factsline 212-957-WNEW. Quickly, what is going on with our Internet contest? Because we've got a bunch of people calling and saying, hey, you owe me a trip to Washington. No. The way it works, we have a contest on our website, the NAW website. Says Opie and Anthony's Bill Clinton poll. Guess the date that Bill Clinton leaves the presidency. Either by impeachment or resignation, and you can win a trip to Washington, D.C. He has to leave the office. All right. So we still don't have a winner on that officially. No, if he resigns or the Senate throws him out when they have their fun little trial that ought to just be a scream to watch or someone shoots him, then you win. OK. If you pick that date. So I guess you could still get in on the contest. Yeah, it's right on the website. All right. We haven't talked about this contest in months. I mean, we started this contest, God, it had to be four months ago now, right? Yeah. And we have thousands of entries. And if you want in on it, just go to the NAW website. OK, one or two seven W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York from Psycho Circus. Yes, you wanted the best. It's opiate, Anthony. Hey, man, a bunch of facts is coming in for a Monday. Facts line two one two nine five seven W.N.E.W. Joe writes, Hey, guys, just want to tell you how much trouble I got in for playing the Special Olympics songs song in my office Christmas party. You see, I work at the United States District Court and well, federal judges, judges have no sense of humor. That's Joe. Yeah, you got to watch where you play that. Just because you find a song about the Special Olympics funny. Trust me, it doesn't mean everyone else is going to enjoy it. I'd go out on a limb and say quite a few people probably would enjoy what enjoy it. And we're going to replay that song next week. We're kind of on a mini vacation. We're doing the worst of opiate, Anthony, encouraging you guys to get a hold of us with some of the, you know, your favorite bits of the last six months because we're going to replay a lot of stuff next week. And the Special Olympics song is definitely going to be heard next week. Yeah, we're getting out of this building for a while. Yeah, we need to leave and recharge the batteries, as they say. Did you get your check back? Yeah, I got my check. Yeah, Scott Muni took off with Opie's check on his last absolute last day in the building here. He had moved all of his stuff out of his office and Opie had gotten a coveted Muni mailbox that everyone was just dying to get the big Muni mailbox. There was a big ceremony and everything. It's like, who cares? It's a damn mailbox. Let's get some ratings instead of worrying about mailboxes, who's got the big mailbox. So jumping the gun, someone put the mail, Opie's mail in the mailbox, the big new mailbox that Opie got. Scott so comes in as my man. Yeah, I'm out of here and took your check. Yes, that was the last thing he did at any W. I feel honored. Did he come back? After 30 some odd years here, his last thing was taking your check. And I know why I got it back today. Because there weren't enough zeros in the check. Oh, yeah. I get the last laugh, Earl. Look at this guy, doesn't he make squat? Hey, when does the Scott Muni siesta start? Is that Monday? We should start plugging that for him. Stop plugging his show. Why not? Do promos for his show. Yeah, the Scott Muni siesta. He's on one hour a day. Yeah, nappy time for everyone. He hired him across the street, as they call it in the biz. Yeah, no, really. That was a great move by you guys over there. That's that's great. Yeah. That's their little way to try to get us. Yeah, that'll really help your ratings over there. No, really. That's good. It's good stuff. Put him on an hour. I wonder why you're only putting him on an hour. And I wonder why he's taping the show, too. Good move. Very good move. OK, yeah. Kick our ass. All right. Got to say congratulations to the Jets, the AFC East Champions. How about that? That was a huge game. Yeah. I was pretty psyched that I was able to watch it. What is wrong with I guess it's our company, CBS. We got to trash our company a little bit here. Watching the jet game and they're cutting away to give us updates on the impeachment hearing. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Like anyone cared. But the problem is it was on 20 stations. Yeah. Leave the jet game alone. Yeah, that way, if you want to watch the jet game, you can watch the jet game. And if you want to see the impeachment hearings, well, you know, just change the channel. No one really cares what channel they saw the impeachment hearings on. Trust me. Yeah. And C-SPAN, they weren't going. And now let's cut away for another touchdown by the Jets. Cut away from these boring impeachment hearings. I was so frustrated, though, really getting into the game and they're cutting away. Terrible. So you did you watch any of the hearings? Yeah, I did. It was a joke. Did you see the big Democratic walkout in protest? I did. I felt like, you know, those guys were in eighth grade. Yes. Remember when you used to have walkouts in junior high or high school? Yeah, we want to smoke in the student lounge and we're going to walk out. We're going to protest. Everyone. Fifth period. We're walking. Send a few reps in to talk to the principal. And when he says no, we're walking. Right. So everyone walks out into onto the football field or something. We sit out there for like 10 minutes and realize how stupid this is and probably realizing that the teachers are back inside laughing at us. And usually they send one person out to threaten you like a teacher. If you don't come in, those of you who don't come in right now will be marked absent and it will go on your permanent record. Those of you who come in now, nothing will happen. You just go back to class. Yeah. And then all the hardcore militant people start to Oh, all right. I better get up, man. I got a quiz. Yeah, I don't want my permanent record. I'm only getting in trouble. So the Democrats did that. They walk out. Yeah, they have all these microphones already set up. Boy. Yeah. So Dick Gephardt could speak. Then he had his little speech and then they walked back in. It was it was it was it was a joke. Yeah, they are acting very immature. Both sides, all sides, all of them. They're all a bunch of jerks. And what happened to the war? What happened to our big bombing thing? Well, oh, they said I'm impeached. War's over. Who cares? Yeah, where are all the people that yelled at us when we said that Clinton started the war to help his efforts? Yeah, in the second. I think it's pretty obvious now that that's what that was all about. We don't know what we bombed. He's trying to distract. He used it as a distraction. And then since they voted to impeach him in the House, he just said, hey, all right, I'll call it off. I don't have any clear goals here anyway. See, when the press is asking people, when is this going to stop? And what are your goals? What? Oh, we don't know. We can't say. Well, no, his goal was to get Saddam Hussein out. That's what his goal should have been. Yeah, but it wasn't. It wasn't obvious. It was just to distract them from those impeachment hearings, distract the nation, distract the politicians and try to hold it off. Where are all those people that people that yelled at us and said that we were crazy for saying that on the radio? That's what it is. Because what happened now? Let's really look at what happened in Iraq. All right. We dropped some bombs. We blew up some buildings. They showed us some pictures up. Even if they are military installations, now we can't send any inspectors in because now they're not going to let any inspectors in. Correct. So we're in a worse situation than we were. Yeah. And they're going to just start rebuilding. But supposedly I heard on the news that we only sent them back a year. Yeah, they could start rebuilding without anybody watching them now. And you can't bomb them now for doing anything because no one's there watching them. Right. I mean, you should have gone in. If Clint wanted to do something and be a man about it, go in full bore. Kick ass. That's how you got to handle these things and take him out. Go in. But instead, all the Iraqi people are really interested on now. They're rallying behind this guy. They're not going to overthrow Saddam at this point. We showed him nothing. That's it. His little bombing mission to try to distract didn't work. And that's it. So now what do you think is going to happen? Now Saddam can build whatever he wants. No, I mean, with Clinton. Well, we know what Saddam's going to do. Clinton, they'll try to put off the Senate trial, but they won't be able to. There'll be a trial in the Senate. It'll get really ugly because all these details now are going to be televised. I think the OJ thing was fun. Wait until you actually see Monica on the stand talking about the old cigar trick. That won't degrade the office too much, will it? Right. Right. And then you think a lot of these Democrats have the balls to find him guilty, though? No. So no one's going to do fine. He's going to stay in and be wounded and just limp out the rest of his term. And the story is approval rating over the weekend. Shot through the roof. Unbelievable. Well, people don't like watching somebody getting kicked like that, especially when Republicans are doing it. Just seems like nasty. So they rally behind him. And what is this trial going to start? January. They don't know right now. It should be. Yeah. Or late January. Late January. I think. All right. Because it's going to be a mess. Now, Clinton's lawyers jump in and say, this wasn't legal. That wasn't legal. So it postpones the trial. It's a mess. It'll probably postpone it right until the end. Nothing gets done while we're doing this, people. Nothing gets done in the government. If they put this much energy towards writing a reasonable tax law, we'd all be happy like pigs in poop. We'd be happy. But no, the energy goes toward this kind of crap. Just a bunch of wasted time. One of these seven W.A.W. Is a rock of New York. Kenny Wayne Shepard, Blue on Black. It's open, Anthony. Thanks for checking us out today. We definitely appreciate that as you get around and try to get some last minute Christmas shopping done. Yeah, I did that deal today, earlier in the day. You're amazing because you were telling me on the phone today that you got all your shopping done in 45 minutes. Well, most of it, like I'd say 95 percent of it done. Now, mind you, I went, I think it was Saturday. Yeah, Saturday to do some Christmas shopping, just to get it out of the way. Went to the mall. On a Saturday, I was almost sitting in the middle of the mall crying. I was in the fetal position on the floor. Like, playing close in the big chill. Weeping openly. I couldn't find anything I needed. No one around to even give me a hand. The masses of people. It was just a mess. Isn't shopping fun, Anthony? It sucks. It just is no fun whatsoever. Awful. Know what it's like because I haven't done much. It's like cramming for a final exam. Yeah. You start freaking out and you know you got to get it done by Thursday. I guess it gets done eventually somehow some way. But the feeling you get inside is just like pure panic and start to set in. It's so hard to get motivated. Every store you walk into, Macy's or Sears or anything, they all, everyone wear off of the mall. The first thing you see are the perfume snipers. They're like lined up, drawing a trajectory on you. You got to walk through that section first in every store. Piss her. I'm going there with a super soaker full of Old Spice. Cover me! Cover me. The flanking maneuver by the CK1! I'm going in. Just wail them with Old Spice. Now, Aunt, there's a lot of guys out there and ladies haven't started their Christmas shopping yet. You did it today in 45 minutes. 45 minutes. You have any tips or hints to give to the people? Hmm. Yeah, if you can, go on Monday morning. But it's a little late for that, isn't it? Yeah. No, I would say, yeah, in the morning. In the morning? First thing. There's just not a lot of people. Not a lot of people there. The weekends, that was crazy, but you're a little late for that anyway. And I don't know, maybe just shop fast. Did you start picking anything that looks good? Just start picking stuff and run. Run to the next store. It's a pain. I hate shopping. What a nightmare. I always save it for the end, too. Jen, my wife Jen, was done like July 4th. Fireworks are going off. I finished my Christmas shopping. And every year we say, and I laugh, haha, you, why are you doing that? Well, plenty of time. But every year we say, you know, this year I'm going to start a little early. Yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm going to start around Thanksgiving this year. Yeah. Yeah. We've got three days left. I haven't done anything. I started early today instead of Christmas Eve. Congratulations. I am usually in the store on Christmas Eve. Oh, Anthony, we got to acknowledge the Giants fans. Yes, we were talking about the Jets and their huge victory Saturday and the phone's going nuts. What about the Giants? What about the Giants? Who would think that we'd start talking about the Giants possibly being in the playoff? Oh, well, what wacky chain of events have to happen for the Giants to make an end? Well, the Giants have to win this weekend. And I believe if I got this all figured out, Tampa Bay and Arizona both have to lose. Which is definitely a possibility. The Giants have to win. Yeah, but this wasn't even feasible weeks ago. To think that the Giants even have a chance of the playoffs is pretty wild. Weeks ago? What? Two weeks ago, they won two games. Yeah. So and now they're all playoff bound. All the Giants, oh, we're going for it. They have a good team, Anthony. They do have a good team. They have a very good defense. All right. All right. So we'll acknowledge the Giants fans today as well. All right. Congratulations on your lovely victory. Bravo. Yesterday wasn't like it was a tough team or anything. So now for meteor hits where they're in. Why? Well, we'll know. We'll know better this time next week. Yes. All right. If you got something for the show, send us a fax to one two nine five seven W. N.E.W. I guess up next, we got to talk about the top top top let's talk to let's have top let's talk to let's talk to let's talk to let's talk to let's talk to let's talk to let's how do you say that word? An octopus, the woman gave birth to an octopus. One oh two seven W. N.E.W. the rock of New York live Pearl Jam from live on two legs, elderly woman behind the counter in a small town. Sophie and Anthony. Hey, man. On the way, we got Lewis Black coming in. I forgot about that. Oh, yeah. He's our pal from Comedy Central. And last time he was here, he was jacked up on our mocha espresso and he was very, very funny. We'll get him jacked up again. Let him loose on the Iraqi thing. Yeah, he loves politics, so he should have some commentary on that. I'm sure he has some commentary on the holidays as well. Yeah, I hope I can keep up. Opium little tired today. What? Oh, yeah, Anthony. Well, Pearl Jam was playing Anthony's Addicted to Half Life. You know something, I realize how far your addiction went on this one couple of holiday piece of advice I have. If you're a wife and you hate your husband and he has a computer and you never want to talk to him again, get him half life. That's I thought you're only playing maybe a couple hours a day. Yeah, that's how it started, Opie. That's how it started. I was fumbling with the controls, setting up the setting up the way I wanted it. Wasn't that good. So I was getting a little frustrated. I was on two, three hours. Anthony, how many hours are you up to? All right, nine hours, nine hours, nine hours on one computer game on half. Hey, well, don't you call it a game? Don't you ever call it a game? This is some type of life simulation. I'm in here. It's it's beyond a game. It's a story. It's unfolding in front of me and I am the character in it as I go along these caverns killing things. Now, what do you have to do in this game? I don't know. You don't know. Well, it started out as a normal day at the Black Rock missile facility, Opie. And something went terribly awry. And now there's alien creatures all over, including these things with big claws and something else called headcrabs. Headcrabs jump out and latch onto your head and suck your brains out and turn you into a mindless maw man. And you got to kill these things. You just got to kill them or they'll kill you. OK, for God's sake. Well, what is the objective of this game? It's got to end somewhere, no? I don't know yet. See, I'm going through killing aliens, trying and every time I find a scientist that's in a room cowering, he always tells me I have to make my way to the surface. So I've been trying to go to the surface. So I finally make it to the surface. And what happens? I see the military out there, helicopters, guys in army suits. I'm like, thank God we're saved. We are saved. I go walking up to him. They start shooting at me. I dive back underground and one of the guys in there, the security guy goes, the military is killing everybody. They don't want witnesses. Like, gee, this is great. So I've been playing for weeks now, just hours on hours. Sounds a lot like the X-Files. It's like that. It's a book. It's like I'm reading a book, but I am the character. Right. And like last night, I'm on a little train car and then this dog looking thing starts spitting acid at me. I got to whack him with my crowbar. Oh, you know why I only had a crowbar? Why? I had all the coolest weapons, the coolest weapons. I assume you got to collect these throughout the game. Of course. Where you can find all that. Every time you'll whack somebody, you get to grab their weapons and you find things in crates and it's great. I built up an armament that I mean, I was kicking ass. And then I go through a doorway. It says, you know, outside, go this way. I have to turn the knob and go. All of a sudden I get in the room, the lights go out. I'm getting beat up and I hear, we got them boys. And then I kind of wake up and all my weapons are gone. And I'm in a room where the walls are closing in. What? One of those squishy rooms? Yeah, the squishy room. I'm jumping up on boxes trying to get out of there. The man house. Did you get out alive? I got out. That's where I was just me and my crowbar back to whacking things up with crowbars again. I got to look for good weapons again. Oh, it's, but it's a, it's just obsessive. I can't stop playing. What was it? Nine straight hours or did you take a little break here and there? I stopped for dinner and then right back on it again. Jen gets pissed. She's sitting on the couch just like, you ever going to come over? You're on the couch. Stop it. Stop. There's more men after me and headcrabs. And then this thing in the water. I had to dive in the water and turn a knob to, to drain this thing. And this huge shark that looked like a moose came after me. I'm shooting it with a crossbow. It was a mess, but I can't stop. I'm addicted. You're up to nine hours a day. If you got a guy that you just want to leave you alone, get him half life. You're right back to being 12 or 13 when you get that new Christmas toy where you can, you won't stop for anything. You know, I thought this was going to wear off too. I've gotten games in the past. I've had a computer for years that just wear off after one. I got to play this. It's like every night. I got to get on. I got to finish. I got to, but you don't know the objective. You don't know how it ends. That's the best part. Does it? It's an unfolding story. Does it ever end? Yes, there is an end. There is an end. I just don't know what it is. It's not like Dungeons and Dragons. No, stop it. That's a geeky game. No, this is cool. You cave people's heads in with crowbars. It's great. Okay. Oh, there's a security guy laying on the floor and he gave me the information I needed. So what did I do? He was wounded. What did I do? Shot him. I cracked his head open with a crowbar. Oh, just because I could just to see it go across the floor. It's great. Oh, right. I'm not taking out aggressions. Uh, half life. I love you. Can't play half life on your laptop there. Thank God. No. Okay. Good. This takes a computer that feels like a room to work the graphics off of this thing. Believe me, minimum requirement. You know, the 50,000 megahertz processor, like my computer smokes by the time I'm done with this thing. You're hooked up to the light bulb. Yeah, it's great. Outside. Oh, it's great. Too funny. God damn it. All right. We got the ladies with the black crows on the way. Some Van Halen. Anthony, you should be the spokesman for half life. Oh, everyone's calling. Go. What game was he talking about? One guy is running to the computer store to get it. He will enter a world of hell unknown to any man. Yeah. The game once again, half life, because everyone is talking about it. I'm who farted. Who farted? That Louis you fart. All right. But I wish I don't, I don't fart in the studio. Okay. I never have in the years that we've been working. How many times have you doled it out and just chased me from the studio? Well, that's why I know I didn't do it this time. And I'm going to try to find out who did it. The funny thing is you seem so upset. Cause like you do it. Wait, wait, you do it constantly. And then all of a sudden somebody else maybe didn't. Hey, who farted in here? Hey, that is a nice. What was it? You know, speaking up a lot about it. I'm just saying I don't do that. I think it was Rick. Cause he left the studio, left the studio. He ran for the hell are we? Oh, that was the black girls kicking my heart around on any W. And we got to say hi to Louis black from central and. How you been? I've been very good. Good. He's got his little name tag on OP. You see how they send everybody up with name tags now because we are in the primary target. Well, yeah. And plus immediately, I think from here, I go immediately to the hospital. That's the way it works. You know, they give you a little, I get two cups of your coffee and then I have to have a, then I have a heart seizure and then we move on. So this is why when I leave, it's, I'm sad. It has my blood type and a urine sample already on it. We got to tell the folks last time Louis was in here, he fell in love with our mocha express cell machine. He was out of my mind. It was a wonderful machine and everybody, if you want something for Christmas, that's come on down here and grab it, but get a name tag first. You can get by security. It was my name. He found to our machine, though, there was a great machine. Yeah. I'm thinking about sleeping with it after the show. I don't know how high on the priority list of, uh, Oksama bin Laden that this building is to blow up. Can you imagine? There are a couple of other landmarks in New York City that would be, uh, at the forefront that you need main tags now to get in. I mean, yeah, I mean, who, you know, who would find it? Uh, you know, I had trouble finding it the first time you got to come here. You got to find the building. I mean, I think something with a big, you know, like, uh, you know, with the big aerial top would be where you'd go. And did you have to show any kind of passport or American citizenship or anything they give anybody? They would give the terrorist the tag to come up here. Yeah. I said, security is, we just said we're from farty town. Yeah. Come on in. Come on in. We love you. Last. So Lewis, I assume that you don't really have much on Clint at this point. No, it's really, you know, I said, I did, I did enough LSD during my life that I should have been prepared for this. This really escaped me. And that the truth, you know, I, I know every thought to be humanly possible. And this one never occurred. You know, the, uh, the blow job scenario was that one that I thought out. And I did, we used to go, oh boy, when, when they get us, they're really going to get us, it's going to be, we'll have like, you know, little things of little monitors on us and everything, you know, in the monitoring view from birth and done it, they haven't got the energy for that. No, they come up with this and then the Republicans get upset because, oh boy. And meanwhile, they've got us at bay. If they have ever wanted the American people totally at their mercy, they got it, they won, you know, a monkey could be running the country. We go, yes. Okay. That'll be fine. Good. Just as long as the monkey kept the monkey, a better suit, get him a better suit. It's unbelievable. I have completely, I've completely lost my mind over this. I have, I have, I have now, as I was telling you guys, I've argued every position I've got around full circle and they're all wrong. Yeah. Everyone is completely. It is fun to argue both sides though, cause both sides make a lot of sense. Both sides are completely right. It's really great to be, you know, you know, morally upset about it. God, this is the worst thing that ever happened. And the other side, whoo, let's party. What's the matter with that? That's all the way women go. Well, that's always the way that have been. Well, how come when I did it, you didn't say that's great. Now they're all said, oh, it's wonderful. Boy, that nothing better than a guy getting a BJ. I think it's wonderful. You know, good. Everybody should have a 21 year old. When, when, when did women, when, when, when, when, when is that? God, I at least would kind of, at least I tried to lie. You know, at least you knew I was lying when I was lying, I was stumbling. I didn't really, um, you know, you know, there's no, no, that's not my underwear on my head. It's unbelievable. It is unbelievable. And I want this coffee machine. I'm going to tell you that. Oh wow. It is my favorite thing. We did put a hit acid in there. But that's perfect. Got it. So, yeah, we were going around like with the, uh, first you look at it right when it broke is like, and this guy in the white house getting hummers. Got to go. We got to go. We lied about it. I mean, obviously got to go. And if it was handled in a way that everyone thought it would be handled, you could probably throw them out with relative ease. But then the Republicans came in with a screwy, screwy game plan. Can you believe they're insane? Well, you know, here's the thing. And I don't know. Now people are going to turn and say, Anthony, wait a minute. You don't like Clinton. You're right. I don't like the whole lot of them. It's a big thing. It's the same. It's the ants. You ever see two groups of ants fighting and you look down and go, what's the point? Two groups. This one came out of this hole. This one came out and they're just beating the crap out of each other. And you're looking from above going, what's the point? That's what, that's the level I'm at right now. It's the same thing. Both sides are a holes. That's my, my take. But mine is the other is, which is the, you know, the Republican, the Republicans went out and found Ken Starr. The prime, you know, to be the prosecutor and say, you know, I think this is one of the first laws, you know, that when you go to law school, one of the first things I think they tell you is, you know, if you're going to prosecute somebody, get somebody who looks like less of a jackass than the person you're going to prosecute. You can't catch somebody who's just a steaming bowl of, you know, to be the, you know, all of a sudden the other guy looks, you're thinking, boy, you know, that Clint is not so bad. You know, start for a while. You think, oh man, oh man, I thought Clinton had problems with this guy. You know, what does he think about, oh, I can't wait till it's Sunday. It's nuts. And now they're digging up dirt on the Republicans. Larry Flint. Oh, you're digging up dirt. Those pig aromas, those guys are, yeah, boy, I never touch myself. No, not me. You know, what are they thinking? What was Livingston thinking? Well, I mean, they're all like, kind of like these mini Adolf Hitler's. They've all got this kind of argument. So it won't happen to me. Yeah, you know, I'm the only one who's ever going to get caught. Five hundred guys have been caught in the last, like, you know, what is it, two months? But not me. Won't happen to me. What are you nuts? Pack, just a good pack would get. Oh, wait, there he is. He's going into cardiac arrest. Let's say somebody get this. It is a. Please get my urine sample of the hospital. But it's unbelievable to me. Pack, they caught you figure after they know, pack, we have been, you know, like the Jambasa pig of the universe and it took forever once they got him. Now you figure the rest of these guys go, well, we're going to have to clean up a little. Right. Now, now, but who's this other one? Burton at that year that they're going to nail him next. Yeah, no, that was in the paper. Yeah, that he apparently he was and he's using funds, you know, he can't even come up with some shell game. Did you hear what Larry Flint said? He's got I'm going to turn into the clinic. Yeah, we all splint. All right. It's unbelievable. I get there all can end up in my boy. If it's come to this, the Larry Flint's involved. We come to this country. Before Larry Flint got involved, we were in the session. Well, you have to mention it now. It's smart. When he was using her as a humidor, that was fine. But now that Flint's involved, you know, it's crazy. Now it's pornography. Now that they caught Livingston, you know, because Flint was the only one who said, well, wait a minute, you know, I'll give some money for anybody willing to come forward. Yeah, he gave a million bucks for any broad that would come forward and say that she had sex with one of the GOP years. Yeah. And now they're negotiating it. Yeah. And then it's like, you know, and they're willing to kind of take a lesser cut now. They're all like, OK, I'm in. And yeah, imagine, imagine, I bet you Livingston, they're women who don't know the other women that, you know, it's just amazing. Yeah, right. Trying to undercut. And here's the other thing, you know, you finally they have that election that Gingrich, who basically will go back under the rock for a while, you know, and be transformed into a larger lizard. He they finally get rid of him. You know, this vote takes place. He realizes he realizes this and he backs off. But I don't think he did realize. I think Gingrich is such a so disgusting that he actually sent Livingston out because Livingston makes you think Gingrich, he makes Gingrich look like Florence Nightingale. You know, it's unbelievable. Livingston was, he wouldn't shut up. He would not. He was disgusting on that panel. You know, and I was like, OK, let's really just try to get through this with some sort of, you know, let's nail him. OK, we're going to have this. Let's nail him. But, you know, it's just kind of merciless. Oh, we've had people here today. God, he got it. Oh, shut up. Come up with a point. Give me some proof. The jacket. They're going, we're going to nail him. You can't. You need two people. You need somebody else besides that donkey. That Linda Tripp, you know, that mule, the one talking. Linda Tripp and Monica, you still need someone else in the room who's going to go. Yep, that's what happened. Well, hello. I got a man. All right. Take a break. Drink more of your coffee. Yeah, OK. Anthony, cigars around the world, the original Cigar of the Month Club. Boy, I love this one. They send cigars right to the White House. Hillary got me this subscription, but I use it with all my girls. And it looks like you'll be in the White House past the holidays. Lucky me. Cigars around the world for only twenty four ninety five per month, plus shipping cigars around the world sends five fresh hand rolled cigars right to your house. Five. Five. Let's see, Paula, Jennifer, Monica, and I could smoke the other two. This is good. Just give a call. One eight hundred fresh sixty six. That's one eight hundred fresh sixty six. Mr. President, what are some of the cigars you get through the cigars of the cigars around the world? I see Arturo Fuente. Right. Wasn't he a leader down in? No, that wasn't him. Dunhill, Montague and more. Yes. Yeah, my favorite. And also this year, with every six month membership ordered, you will receive the seventh month free. I wonder if I'll still be around and. Let's get the short subscription. Well, you could get two to twelve month memberships. And I like to get the two one. One oh two seven W. N.E.W. The Rock of New York. J. Giles Band, Sutterfold, Dave Matthews Band before that and stay. It's open. It's Anthony and it's our pal Lewis Black. Who's got a special on Comedy Central tomorrow night at 10. Yeah. And you're going to be at Caroline's Thursday and Friday. And Friday is a part of my I'm going to go up against Christmas. Let's compete against Christmas. Who's your manager? That's that's a smart booking. I used to be the Knicks when the Knicks were in the playoffs. That's when they booked me. And now now that there's no basketball, let's go up against Jesus. All right. I'm the man to do it. Let's play ball. Bring them on. So to get all your shopping done, you're ready for the holidays. Oh, yeah. Is your holiday past already? Are you Jewish or Catholic? I'm I'm I'm ecumenical. I'm behind. They celebrate Kwanzaa. What is what is it? I did this Christmas is the most irritating time of the year for any. I think you're being with a witness sense. I wish Christians out there would get control of your holiday. Just tell us how much of the calendar year you want and be done with us. OK, you know, if you wanted to run from August through July, that's fine. Just say, you know, two weeks off around July 4th when you can rest and then we'll start over again. Every year gets longer and longer. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the elves were out in Macy's. Poof. What about September 2nd? You know, wondering about, you know, poking you with probes. Get over there, Shaw. You know, and when I was a kid, Halloween was Halloween. Santa wasn't poking his ass. No, no. And then Thanksgiving was a legitimate holiday. Yeah. You know, it was its own. Nobody knew what it was about unless you live up in Massachusetts. Then you had some vague idea. Oh, yeah. Boat landed, but otherwise nobody knew. We ate, we drank, we passed out. Nobody woke us up and said, let's go shopping. And Christmas is great as far as I'm concerned. When I was a kid, that's what I wanted to celebrate. But being Jewish, I was stuck with Hanukkah, which talk about a holiday that sucks. I mean, in comparison to don't start calling it. I want to hear it. You crybabies. But in comparison to Christmas, Christmas is spectacular in Hanukkah. When you're a kid and everybody's celebrating Christmas and you're celebrating yourself right now, you become one bitter little guy. I'll tell you, I was not a happy Jew boy. I thought it was kind of cool that everything was spread out over. You know, I was a little envious of the Jews because we had Christmas one day and you guys had it spread out over. I lasted no more than four or five days. By the fifth day, your parents are like, you know, kiss off. What are you, not so it's enough for the candles. You want to see you want to see a light? Go look at the pilot light. You get a pen and pencil set. You get, you know, the next night you get socks because. Because the socks made a dreidel look fun. The uninitiated dreidel is a top. This is something the Jews give their children. They call it a toy, which is why a lot of people don't remain in the Jewish religion. The top is not a toy. OK, get a grip on that one. If you're Jewish and you're giving your kid a top, you stop it. That's when you give that kid a top. If you want to test to see if the kids got any damage. The kids looking at the top a lot, you know, chances are he's sniffing glue. I used to take that top and put it up my ass. Well, I did, because it was actually more fun up there. And that way my mom didn't get another one. I just said, I lost it. You don't want to buy another one. And there's certainly not one that's any bigger. I suggest to everyone this weekend, if you're going to go see Louis Black at Caroline's, bring a top and throw it on stage. Yeah, he gets felted with dreidel. I did. I actually, a couple of years ago, somebody kept, you know, like a couple of them landed on stage. I said, well, how how nuts is that? Get liquored up and carrying your dreidel around. That's a lost generation. Wow. OK. So irritating. Yes. You know, you guys have, you know, you guys have we've got candles, little tiny candles, you guys have lights everywhere that say we're having fun. And you're not because you're a Jew. There's no fun dragging a tree in the house. Oh, man. Yeah, but that's great. You got it's all and then you get tons of stuff. You get ponies and all that stuff. Yeah, ponies and jeeps and fire trucks and prostitutes. Yeah, it's great. You hear Chris? Yeah, he's got everything. Well, you know about Christmas. Ponies, OK, comparison to the garbage I was getting. Yeah, I must say cleanup is easier, though, in the Jewish houses, because my tree usually stays up until late February. Oh, yeah. It goes from a joyous Christmas tree to a fire hazard. I know. If you rub your corduroys next to it too closely, it'll burst into flames like a flash cube. Just drag it out of the house slowly. Use Teflon. But you know, by the time you bring it in the house, it's already ready to die. I don't water it. Water a tree, it's dead. We're going to have it two weeks. Cultivating this thing. Do you guys have Hanukkah bushes? Is that really true? And what is it? No, that's some bogus. Worse than worse than being, you know, at least I wanted to celebrate it. But my parents at least put their foot down. It was like, no, you're not. You know, one pagan ritual is enough. This is all you get. But other many Jewish families will celebrate both, which is just intolerable. Pick one or the other and let's move on. You know, nobody's looking. I think that the interesting thing I love to say about around this time of year, because it's the only time I can use the joke. And you are two of the only seven New Yorkers who get it. There's two more in the room here now, so it's down to three out there. But the Jews created guilt and then the Catholics came along and they codified it. And then the Protestants transformed it into tension. I love that joke and the people out there, you know, people are crashing their cars. What do you mean? I'm not tense. Get a grip. It's piss everybody off. Sure. Why not? You know, we've moved through it today, haven't we? Yeah. Who else do you want to piss off, Louis? My hand. Let's go. What's on this week? What's I'm on the tube. So well, we can talk to anything else. We can talk about the octopi. I just saw that. Whatever. Octopi. You keep saying she gave birth to an octopus. No, pretty much. It was six boys and two and actually two small, small pups. Eight eight is like that's dog land. We've entered dog land. Let me tell you something. What are you thinking? The wear and tear after seven, taking out that last kid must look like the baby Jessica rescue. Swear to God. Oh, man. Are you OK? Oh, man. Man, oh, that's funny. That is that's what a mess. Oh, man, I'm glad you took the onus off me. That's top dollar stuff. Somebody is top stuff. Very good. My goodness. I guess they had her upside down for what, two weeks? Wow. Yeah. They want the babies to fall out of her. That's beyond fertility. Yeah. See fertility drugs again. It's beyond it, though. That's something else. That's like you are now a big giant Labrador retreat. It's unbelievable. It's out of control. Yeah. Breastfeed or you just lay on your side and pant, waiting for the litter to come crawling up to you. And I want to see how those are kids you really want to hang out with. You know, because those families of eight and 10 or 12, when they're when they're not the same age or a joy, you know, eight when they're all the same age. What level of psychosis is that going to develop? Nobody even deals with does anybody even talk about it? No, it's left to us. The idiots at the side of the road going, gee, I wonder what will happen to the middle child on board in the eighth minute. Son of a gun. Well, one got shot out, what, two weeks early? Yeah. Oh, I missed that. I thought that abandoned ship. Get me out of here. And then the rest, she had to actually do almost a headstand in bed. So she wouldn't damage the uterus. Oh, man. Wouldn't damage the kids and they were crowbars. All right. And if they're where they from, Iowa, the Houston, Houston, Houston, Houston, they could have meant, you know, that actually could be fertility drugs and a chemical waste dump. They may have been swimming there. We were down in Galveston just a week before it happened. It's all in the system. Cute as a button and not a tongue, but. All right. On that, let's take a little break here. Oh, man, I need some more coffee. You got a little more in your life. One oh two seven W.N.W. The New York ZZ Top Line melon before that in no rain. It's opiate, Anthony, and it's Lewis Black. You could tell that the bosses haven't been around in about a week. Anthony's checking out porno. Lewis is pissing off the Jews. A mess in here today. Well, you're pissing off your own people, though, because the phones went nuts. Your own people. Yeah, it was my people. Well, you know, it was. I would, you know, that was it. You know, who calls up the Jewish people? It's perfect. It's just perfect. The Catholics aren't upset. You know, I'm John. You know, it's like nobody else is upset. The Protestants know my people. Let's get him. You know, let's bring me down. Right. Well, if that lady's still listening, Lewis would like to talk to you. You cursed him out and told him to go to hell and hung up. And then you hung up. Yeah. And then she probably went to some some. But then she probably went to a, you know, a Muslim service. So turned her off of the religion. Yeah, that was it. With your banter. That was the thing. That's the thing that what that little section about the Hanukkah thing, that's the thing that will drive. That's the thing that will put the stake in the heart of Judaism. Been around for a gazillion years. We were wandering around. Let's really Urker. This is a religion that was these people were wandering around the desert for 2000 years, thinking they were an agricultural economy. There's another reason I can't. It's a little fuzzy with them. OK. Oh, yeah, boy, there's a good idea. Where's the farm? Where are the pigs and the ponies? We'll find it. You know, as we didn't get your take on the war yet, that that little distraction we had for what was it? Four days this time. Yeah. With Iraq. That was great. It's a good move. I really like the guys. I'm surprised. You know, I didn't do that for a living. You know, outside of comedy, I think the next best thing would be reporting a war that's coming at you. You know, that's it. That's something I want to do is stand there as the guy standing out here and the other missiles are coming toward me. I don't trust reporters like that. I really don't. Look at those guys. I said, that is an idiot. I don't care if he says what he's saying because he's not. He's delusional. If you're standing in the zone that is being bombed, you are. You have lost your mind. OK. There's no connection to reality whatsoever. If you know that the bombs are coming towards you, what are you waiting for? A pizza? I would take the first available bike and I'd be on it. And I'd look like Wiley Coyote. I'd be out of there so fast that you wouldn't even notice I was there. How nuts are you? And we have a theory where Saddam was during this whole thing. We think he was the cameraman for CNN. Safest place. It was the safest place. They couldn't figure out where he was either that or he was in the building that they were reporting for. It's perfect. No, it's exactly the standing next to that guy was his name. Whatever one that got now, whatever new jackass. It's a woman this time. She had Christian on Amidbar. Yeah, yeah, that's it. Yeah, the one that Brian Unger is always yelling about. She's why did I want to go home? The amazing is watching that initially when they were doing it. And you're seeing the when they just first started the bombing because we were at the Daily Show. I was there that day and they had been here. And all you're seeing on the TV are these like cars. You know, there's no bombing and it's just these cars driving by. I think, well, that's you know, there's a war going on, but people are still dating. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. How nice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, it's about that hour. It's unbelievable. I didn't get and I still don't know if we got anything out of it. Well, we must have. I saw the pictures on the news. They showed a building picture of a building. And then they showed another picture and there was no building. So I guess they blew it up. They got it. And it must have been something because Tariqa Tariqa Zeiss said that that it wasn't a weapons manufacturing plant. It was a blockbuster video. He really Clinton was just going for the jugular as he was bombing them. Oh, I like this is because, you know, and you know what this does, too, which is always the good thing when you watch something like this, is you know that the people now who may have at this point been finally ready to get rid of Saddam or now back. Oh, we love him. Oh, yeah. We said earlier, you know, the support for this guy is tremendous. Yeah, exactly. And I love that his last name is Hussein. That's the reason they want to kill him. He's the only one asking the correct question. Hussein, yeah. I just like the idea that Clinton started the war right when they announced they were going to hold his impeachment hearings. Perfect. And it ended right when he was impeached by the House. Yeah, it seems a little fishy to me. A little odd, eh? Maybe it's just me, but it seems a little fishy. Yeah, and it's you know, I love the fact that, you know, he's lost. You know, you got a guy, you got a president. And it's the second time he's done this, you know, you know, for a month period. So when the when the when the Republicans got all upset at the point of you guys and come on, he's done it before. This is like what's so unexpected. Right. And my favorite is, oh, this is really all this one snap. Me, that Trent Lott going, I'm supporting our boys, but I'm not supporting our president. Right. You know, Peckerhead, you know, during the Vietnam War, somebody said if a senator had said that they would be, you know, they'd be up in arms. Yeah, they'd have taken a Democratic center out or whoever. You know, Wayne Morris at the time and put him up on a tree and shot him. I mean, this is like, I mean, you support. No, I support our boys. I don't support the president. So I hope he gives bad advice. You just support him. You just go, OK, what are you going to do? Come on, idiot. I am lost. They've broken me. They broke me. Too funny. You and a lot of other people. I feel the same way. I have no allegiance to any of them anymore. Republicans, Democrats, anyway, Jesse the body for president. Yeah, no, that's what I said. Jesse the body is actually proof. I play Minnesota a lot and you think, boy, this is a state of social drinkers. And obviously, they're not. They're alcoholic. I thought they were just drinking at night when I was around. But apparently, I think they're nipping all day. They drink all day. It's around the clock. But you know what this is? I came up with the first time. It's the first time ever I ever thought it is. I was watching about a week ago when I was watching just the hearings. And I thought, you know, it would be nice. You know, it would be soothing. A military coup. Yeah, they never ever considered that as an option. But for the first time ever, I thought, you know, not so much that they would take over. I really don't want to be involved in leadership because they'd be waking us up at 430. You know, come on, we're all going to eat here. So I don't want that. And it would be a red lobster or something. And I will get calls on that. I hope they're not advertisers. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It'll be a giant red lobster, a different red lobster. The lobster rojo. I don't know. But you know, but I just love that espresso is kicking in. It's unbelievable. It's that acid we put in there. It is unbelievable. But I would like to see those those tanks in the street coming right up to the buildings and just kind of saying just a guy announcing, you know, please leave the buildings now. And go back to where you came. And that's it. And we watch them scatter and go home. Right. And then and then the tanks could go back. And that would be that. And then we'd just wait a while until somebody decided when we'd vote again. That's kind of wing it until we forgot what Republicans and Democrats were. And we can start over with like, you know, furbies and suck bees or doobies and don't be. That would be good. OK, that would be perfect. And that would be some place that we know we we can all relate to. Yeah. You know, I think we got lost there for the doobie and the don't be. I think that's where it all went wrong. And yeah, the people that are in there now, we got a lady on the phone whose family is Protestant, Jewish and Catholic. Wow. Perfect. What line is that? It's like one of those Kellogg's variety packs. Excellent. Hello, hello, hello. Hello. Hi. What's up? I have to tell you, it made my day. Other people are on this train reading the news, suffering in conversation. I'm listening to you guys and I'm cracking up. Oh, that's great. Oh, you're on the train. I have a Protestant mother, a Catholic father, and my sister converted to Judaism when she got married. I just love the holiday season. They put a gun to her head. Oh, no, no, no. I'll get more calls. You guys are absolutely brilliant. I think all you need is to adopt a little black child and celebrate Kwanzaa. No Kwanzaa on top of it. I was thinking I would just date one and that would be even more fun. Oh, there you go. What train are you on? I'm I'm on the New Jersey transit heading to the shore. Wow. You know, would you do me a favor? You suggested those idiots. They put in some seats that are vaguely comfortable. No, we only pay an arm and a leg. I could fly across the country for my monthly ticket on the train. Unbelievable. We have to be uncomfortable. Yeah, no, they've got to put a stick, you know, just kind of wedged up there. It didn't make you feel like, you know, it's unbelievable. That's a seat I'm on tonight. Hey, you want to do something wacky for us and zany? Hey, pull that red handle that says emergency on the side. That'll be zany. Yeah, and then I can get on my way to work every day. All right. Good work. Hey, play some T-Rex, please. All right, we'll do that. Thanks. All right. T-Rex Rainbow Coalition phoning in. Like there's a lot to choose from. You're right. You know, play some T-Rex. Yeah, that's true. We just played this out of the Tyrannosaurus Rex. All right. Wow, they must have put a lot of espresso in that muck espresso. It's unbelievable. I will go on TV for these people. It's like crank. I'm serious. I've been in here twice. Nobody believes me. I feel like I should do an infomercial. Boy, I don't know. I was feeling a little whiny in the morning. But boy, once I got that zuder or whatever this stuff is, who even makes it? I've never even seen this machine anywhere else. I know it is. It's like a weird movie. There are places that have machines, but none of them has coffee and then mocha and then like the further down you go on the buttons, the more potent to get. It is a bottom button is pure uncut heroin. Well, it's weird because they have a picture of a crack pipe. I just think it's odd. Oh, brother. Any final thoughts, Louis? I guess we're supposed to get you out of here. My final thought is this. Basically, this is the year that America snapped. And I think we better deal with it. This is the year where everybody went nuts. I mean, you guys have obviously been nuts for quite some time. But and but I think it is. I mean, we've been the reason I noticed this is because this is the year I've actually noticed a lot of people like coming toward us. Right. Apparently, you know, like seeming to be as insane as we are. And I and I think you can trace it right back to the moment when they announced that the president of the United States may or may not have had oral sex with a 21 year old in the White House. And that that and now I'm quoting wasn't the bad news. That was the moment in time, I think, that everybody flipped out. Because I think everybody thought, well, what was the bad news? Was he blowing an elephant? And once we kind of went away and drifted into thoughts like that, things turn turn bad. Yeah. You know, very good. I agree. That is. Yep. I think you're right. This can go down in history as the year that it just snapped. It just snapped. Everything went awry. Everything is nuts. It's all downhill from here. It's really hang on for the year 2000. We're all in the same boat now. It's going to be a good ride. We reached the top of the little roller coaster that took apart and we put our hands up and now it's the way. Yeah. When you when you're reading the paper and they say and and Cardinal O'Connor says is bleeding for sanity. From a man who's wearing a dress. When Cardinal O'Connor thinks it's that, you know, when he's talking in those terms, you're going, woohoo, we are completely God. Usually those guys. And it's good to see you here on the stage. He's up there going, wait, that's out of control. They didn't even say this stuff in the late 60s. But I was even say this. It was not even like this. This is some time. All right. So please get out. People should go to Caroline's because that's why I'm here. Get down here on Thursday and Friday. If you know, if you really just want to, you know, make your family irate, don't you go see a comic that'll do it. I don't want to spend time with you. And then and then tomorrow night turn on Comedy Central. I'm on the end of my first special. Your own special. I have a car. Cool. All right. I'm going to say bye to Lewis Black. Thanks, guys. It's always a pleasure when you come by, man. Thank you. And I'll see you guys. I'll be at the Lennox Hospital later this evening. They're going to be putting some pads on. I know on the way a lot of people calling up for the grandma got run over by a reindeer song. Our version. Our version. Not a crap. I think it's a loss. I think that happy Hanukkah to Lewis Black as he spills coffee in his leg. And he is out here. Check out Lewis Black tomorrow night on Comedy Central. Oh, Granny was a whole. The Rock of New York, one oh two seven W.N.E.W. That is the grandma song. I guess we got to give it the full plug. That's Anthony's brother, Joe, doing the remake of Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer. Oh, yeah. I don't want to get him upset. And that's a phobia. Anthony's Demented World CD. I did see a copy of this in the Walt Whitman Mall at the wall. There's one copy there. You did. Yeah, one copy because I looked and I couldn't find it. And I also saw one at Tower Records in that same shopping center there. One one copy. So if you're looking for it, there you go. But it is on the computer at the wall. Is it? Yeah, I went to the computer and I typed a little names in. It was like, oh, look at that. Oh, look, we're in the computer. Oh, also in that set, ACDC and Aerosmith, two toys in the attic. And here about Steven Tyler. What? Steven Tyler sends his daughter Mia a stripper for a birthday. Now that is a cool dad, man. Oh, the chubby one. We had him on the phone and I just didn't didn't have the balls. No, they were saying, yeah, my other daughter's a model. Well, because everyone who interviews Steven Tyler now has to talk about Liv. Yeah. Oh, man, your daughter is so hot and blah, blah, blah. And then he always has to go. Well, don't forget about Mia. Mia. Oh, Mia. She was in Armageddon, too, right? She played the asteroid. Was that Mia? I swear that one. Come on, we're on good terms with the band for once. I know. I'm she's chubby. Well, you just state in the obvious. It's strange that Steven's very slender. Mm hmm. Liv, very slender girl, very lovely figure, as they say, Opie. You know, and then Mia, kind of. No, she's kind of bulbous. Sorry. OK. Now, what are you guys doing over there in the corner? Because I can't see from where I'm at. God, you found a new love, right? I I I I I with this girl is unbelievable. Anna Kornikova, the tennis player, the sultry 17 year old. Oh, my God. They found a beautiful you found a bunch of websites. Well, that's the good thing about the Internet, like they have this picture of us. It's the sexy year, one sexy year. Let's say special issue. What is this like the sexy celebrities or something issue? And they have her. Oh, so I've just popped her name on Yahoo search and Vroom. There we go. All the pictures I need. The funny part is you find a website where it's just a ton of pictures of her fixing her wedgies as you place it. Oh, there's one right now. There the cameraman must just wait for her to pull her underwear out of her butt crack, and when they do, they're ready. And wow, look at that shot. That's that's like 17. Yeah, this was probably saying when she was 16. Oh, my God. What an ass. Well, I'm sorry, I, you know, you know, I girls like six feet tall. I'm she's full. She looks like a woman. Now I got to climb over the board here to see what you're looking at. Oh, look here. Don't don't fall. Well, just slide them. OK, take take a look. Take a look. Look at that. Look at that. Hell out of there. Anna Koronikova. Wow. I'm going to start becoming a tennis fan. I got to catch all the tennis matches she's in. All right. Well, that's that's beautiful. Well, we got more stupidity on the way, Anthony. You enjoy checking out more pictures of her underwear. Yeah. Anthony, what can we say about Pepsi one? Well, you're looking for a cola that has one calorie that tastes like real cola tastes like Pepsi. Then you're looking for Pepsi one. Simple as that. Cool. And a commercial. There it is. No, it really does taste good. I personally don't like diet sodas whatsoever. Neither do I. I hate them. And when they came to us with this Pepsi one, I just assumed it was, you know, just a different version of their regular Pepsi. Yeah. I had no clue it was diet. And I was choking on some foods is the truth. And I grabbed the Pepsi one and I said, well, not only did, you know, save me from choking to death, it tasted really good. Isn't that amazing? And then Lisa came in, the sales girl, and said, well, you know what, Pepsi one's all about. It's a it's a diet soda. And I was honestly shocked and surprised. One calorie new sweetener. It's not one of these that have been tried before. And it works this time. You don't get the bitter aftertaste. It tastes like real cola. Oh, what is that? Oh, my Lord. Oh, we're on the rock in New York, one of two seven W. I.W. Oh, my Lord. What is New York one showing? They were showing cataract surgery. Oh, Jesus, I got a big big use some kind of clamp and hold the eyeball open. And then they pull the old cataract lens out and pop in a little plastic lens. It's quite amazing. I'm getting that feeling again. But to watch it, they had her eyelids and everything just pulled away apart, and then they took this huge needle and just jammed it into the pupil. Look like that thing they were using on clockwork arms to keep the guys eyes open. Yeah, keep opening me glasses. I could see the horrible ultraviolence. Well, now they're showing a clip from that wonderful movie Jack Frost. What happened? What happened to Michael Keaton? Oh, he was he was great. Yeah, guy in Night Shift. Remember, Night Shift, funny movie. They Batman. And you know why he Mr. Mom, which was hysterical, Beetlejuice good Jack. It should be Jack off. Now he's playing a snowman and he puts his little stick arm around his son and hugs him. And that's supposed to be emotional scene. Touching the warm moment. Yeah. Yeah. You know why he left the Batman series? Because he didn't want to be pegged as, oh, there's Batman. You know, he thought there was more to do with his career and movies. His snowman is better than now. Four years later, he's playing a snowman. My lord, he must have gotten a good paycheck and he didn't really have to be there that much just to voice over. Yeah, that's pretty much walk away. What the hell? What happened to the holiday movie season? Every year, you know, it's a great time to go to the movies. There's nothing out there. I want to say I saw Bugs Life. That was great. You've got mail. Oh, I think I saw that when it was sleepless in Seattle. Could you at least get two different people if you're going to make the same frigging movie? Let me tell you what's going to happen with you've got mail. You've got mail. It's a clever ruse happening here. You know, you're going to watch the movie and then you're going to go home and you're going to run to American online to find that special someone in your life. Oh, yeah, you'll find him. All right. Probably an ax murder. Yeah. Um, are you 10? Yeah, boy, I dig you. You're not going to find the best people on the Internet. That's great. Encourage everyone to try to find someone on the Internet. Yeah, yeah, they all look like Meg Ryan out there and Tom Hanks. You know, yeah, yeah. It's so true. What do I read in the paper? There was an Ann Landers the other day in the paper and some woman bitching and complaining. How she met some guy on the Internet and he sounded like such a great guy and then she hooked up with him and he's nothing but trouble. He's a drunk and he does it. What do you think? It's on the Internet. Yeah, he's on the Internet on a Friday night. You figure out what kind of life this guy has. Well, hopefully I am. Well, yeah, but you're you're playing Half-Life at least. Well, that's true. At least I'm I'm not trying to cover up. I am killing things. All right. Whatever. Why? Hey, you want to be grossed out? No, well, we're but I'm thinking of this because the cataracts surgery we just saw. Yeah, you want to be grossed out. We got to open up the phone tomorrow and see if anyone else has seen this HBO has this movie. There's two of them now called The Dentist with Corbin Bernsen. Yeah, it is. It is some of the sickest stuff you'll ever see. Is it real dentistry or is it a movie? He's a psycho dentist, dude. Oh, it's a movie. Yeah, I can't get I can't get through the movie because the scenes are so gross that I can't I can't keep watching it to see what the plot is all about because you get so freaked out. Worst than Marathon Man. Yeah, I don't see Marathon Man. Oh, where Dustin Hoffman's getting his teeth drilled with no Novocaine. That's all. Yeah, it's horrible. All right. It's just like that. There's a scene where he straps this lady down to this dentist chair some as he says that you know told on him and stuff the authorities and now they're after him or something like that. Okay, phones are ringing. See if these people know what I'm talking about. Now they got her in the chair strapped down. He does Corbin right and he plays a great psycho. Then he pulls out all these apparatus is like you would find in a Marilyn Manson video, you know, the things that's just spread your mouth twice as large and stuff right. Then he takes the drill as she's sitting there and she can't do anything about it and he takes the drill and starts drilling her teeth sideways one tooth at a time. You blood and everything is flying out of this woman. She's screaming bloody murder. You got to check out the dentist on HBO. You got to find when it's on and you got to sit up and watch it line to someone found like to hold on. I any W. Hi, how you doing guys? Good. I think someone I movie. You seen the dentist? Yeah, I don't remember exact scenes, but I remember I seen it a while ago. Yeah, I know HBO. Yeah. Yeah, that was a lot of movie. Then he did so there was blood fun all over the place. There's some sick scenes that yeah, really was he had somebody stuck in a chair. I don't know what he was doing, but I think there was stuff all over the place. Did you see the one where he yanks that the teeth out of that one woman one by one? Yeah, and as he pulls him out, then the blood is just shooting out of her mouth. Yeah, I remember that. I don't remember. Right. I I I I I every time it's on I watch it about 10 minutes at a time and then I'm so grossed out. I got to move on but yeah, I haven't seen that one. That's why I don't remember. I feel like party at Pots Bay. You know, when it's on I put it on I want because I heard that it was like really, really gross. It is out there. I'm going to say it is pretty sick movie. I if it's an HBO movie, is there just a gratuitous boob shot in there? HBO movies. They're always you know, for some reason the girl got in of naked. I didn't know that. Unfortunately, I didn't see any of that. It would have made the movie go down. I was on the channel called Skinimax. Yeah, man. We got my IWW. Any W. Yeah, last call today. What do you got? I saw that great movie. That's great, right? Yeah. Tell Anthony how sick it is. Pretty gross. Oh, well, you can't imagine it. But he still has to he's still under the sedation he needed from watching it. Opie. I mean, that was great commentary. Thanks a lot for calling. We appreciate it. Yeah. All right. All right. Take it easy. Nelly great screen call for us. No, really. That was good. Yeah, our screen. It comes running in here like like to like to oh my God. And that's what we get. That's that's good. Thank you. No, really. Thanks a lot. Right. All right. How? I think I was tough. That's right. Listen, another crane fell on the east side. Yeah, how about that? What on 73rd or something? You got to watch for the cranes. I figured because you'll see it all over the news tonight. We got a tape of Brian Unger doing the sounds of cranes. We got to end our show with this today. Yeah, he was doing the end of the Sunday morning show. Yeah, you remember how Charles Caroll would do that the sounds of the Canadian geese in the wild and then I would just show scenery for what three minutes and that's supposed to be good TV. Right. Well, when the crane crushed that poor old innocent lady over the summertime, we had Brian Unger in and he did a little spoof called the sounds of cranes.