 Wow, you're angry. Let's rock and roll and get it out in the open. F Christmas shopping. It sucks. It does. F driving around Manhattan. Yeah. Ugh. People shopping, walking in the middle. People are darting out in front of cars. Because everyone has lost their mind, Anthony. Everyone has lost their mind in this stupid holiday season. You know what it comes down to? It comes down to people coming into Manhattan. I think a lot of people working in the city, you know, people work here and they're here to shop and they step out from behind trucks and buses from in front of them and go right into traffic. And you've got to jam on the brakes and then they put that look on their face. Oh no, oh no. I almost hit them. And they don't even look at what. It's indecent roads, people. Because they're zombies. Most people are zombies this time of year. They're just going from store to store. What am I going to get grandma this year? Grandma. Get out of the road. What am I going to get my wife this year? Then traffic. Sometimes you become the, now I got a cross in front of you guy because you're in the crosswalk. Well, Giuliani's got everyone so scared that if you do end up in the intersection and a little space opens up in front of you, you've got to take it. Even if you're right in the middle of the crosswalk. Right. And then people walk by. Why, you mother. Because you're the guy in the crosswalk. I'm the guy in the guy in the crosswalk. I'm the a-hole. Thank you. Bang on my hood on the hood of my car. Yes, I deserve it. That's me. Oh, I see they're going behind me. Oh, that's oh no, no, that key will work great on my trunk. Go ahead. Just key it. No, I didn't need that rear wiper. That's OK. Thank you. I didn't need my side view. I have your mirror. Which I actually lost in traffic. What a month ago that happened. Yeah. Someone punched Opie's side view mirror. Why didn't we ever talk about that on the air? It happened a month ago. I don't know. You were being a little aggressive one night. And I still haven't fixed the damn thing. Some guy was in the crosswalk when the light turned green. And he's just taking his sweet ass time. So Opie gives a little boom on the gas pedal. I start inching up. I want to go. You bumped his hip with your bumper. That's what you say. I know you did. He went like, hey. And then he wham, he punched the side view mirror. He just took it out. He didn't just punch it. He took it out. I thought he shattered the whole side window. Now he just bashed your mirror. So then you're sitting there like, all right. Do you just count your losses and move on? Or do you get out of your car, make a scene, hope he doesn't have a gun? The light was green. You had to go. Yeah, I had to go. So I'm the guy, if you want to know what I drive, I'm the guy driving around with my side view mirror just hanging, flopping over the side view mirror. Flopping, banging into my car because I haven't fixed it in a month. F him too. F the world. F the world. Had it. All right. Facts line, get your FUs in. 212-957-WNW. You know, we're gaining new listeners on a weekly basis. So Anthony, why don't you quickly explain what FU Friday is all about really fast? Because maybe people just don't get it. Right. It's your opportunity out there to vent your anger. It's Friday. A lot of anger being piled up in you from this Christmas shopping, work, whatever. You're pissed off at your boss. You're a person you're in a relationship with. This is your forum. You usually don't have any place to vent your beef. Yes. Call us up, fax us, email us, instant feedback, email us, and we will get your complaints on the air. All right. A really big FU to you guys in NW for never playing Allison Chains. I listen every day at different times and I've never heard one song. Why is that? They are a great band. Was that written by me? I know. They're our favorite band. We played Allison Chains in the past. Let me tell you. And we better start playing a little more because I think the band fits here at NW. It's my favorite band, Allison Chains. And this guy writes, last time I faxed about this, Anthony Wine, we play Allison Chains. When did I say that? I don't know. This guy has been faxing a lot about that and you supposedly told him, we do play Allison Chains. We do. Just not a lot. So, all right. I love that band. I know. It's obvious. Okay. We're ready to rock. Yeah. You know, when someone has a legitimate bitch about us, whatever. Fine. We read it. Whatever. Listen to this guy. Dopey and Anthony. You got us. We've never been called that one before. Maybe you should wake up and realize you're in New York City. The traffic and people have been acting the same for the last hundred years here. I guess it just takes retards longer to get the idea. Frank. Frank. We're from New York. I think we know how New York works. You mean to say that the holiday traffic and people is exactly the same as any other time of the year? You jerk off? What are you? You're the retard. The idiot. Go out there today. Go out there this weekend. Go to Rockefeller Center. You tell me it's exactly like it is every other day of the year. Go to Rockefeller Center right now. Go by the Christmas tree. Tell me driving there is just like it is during any other time of the year. What a dopey ass. There. I just fucked my piece. That pissed me off, that fact. I think Anthony's going to lose his ass today. I like that. Well, when people have legitimate complaints it's like, oh geez, we screwed up there, El Pocahontas. Right. You've got to take it. And we'll take it. Yeah. The other day I said Eli Wallach was dead. And I caught hell because it was E.G. Marshall. Yeah. All right, I agree. I screwed up. But that one, Frank? Frank, you're an idiot. 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York, ACBC. It's a long way to the top. I'm Toby and Anthony on FU Friday. Music is sounding good. Everyone is psyched. The end of the week is upon us. And we got some high energy going here for you. So keep the facts is coming in for FU Friday. 212-957WNEW. Getting a bunch of sports FUs coming in. This one's from Chris. I want to send a huge FU out to the Miami Dolphins and all their fans. Let's go Jets. Huge game this weekend for the Jets. They can get a division title. Yeah. They're going to beat the Dolphins. They're looking very, very good. Giants playing the Broncos. What are you thinking? What are you thinking? Do you think the Giants are going to be the team to knock off the Broncos? Yeah, yeah. It's definitely going to be the Giants. You never know. It's a goof factor though. Yeah, but it would take a big goof factor. If I was a betting man, I would bet that the Giants will definitely cover the spread this weekend. I think it's going to be a very good game. I'm totally serious. I know it sounds crazy. I'll take the bet. How much do you want to bet? I don't know. What's the line on the Giants game? Anyone have it? How much do you want to bet? I'll bet you right now. I will find it. Ben's looking it up. I'll bet you a hundred. A hundred? A hundred. All right. I'll go for the hundred. A hundred that the Giants cover the spread. Yeah. I want to be real ballsy and say that they're going to beat them. Stop. Now you're just talking like a crazy man. Twelve and a half. Twelve and a half. You know something? I'll take it. Yeah. OK. A hundred dollars. You're going to lose. A hundred dollars. Giants will cover the spread. I've got to make up for my Zoom.com stock I bought. You're so stupid. You know, every other internet stock goes through the roof. I buy Zoom.com? It's like in the toilet. I know it is. What the hell is going on? You got it at, what, 38? I'm like the guy that got in on the Tsimash? I'm like the guy that got in on the pyramid scam when it broke up. Everybody else is like, yeah, man, I just made like 20 grand on the pyramid thing. Yeah? Yeah, we're going to meet at this town meeting place and we'll get you a thousand dollars and all right, this sounds great, I'm going to make 20 grand. Full right to be a check real quick. Like a week later, don't you hear, man? Yeah, the pyramid collapsed. It did? All right, where's my money? Oh no, you don't get your money. Oh no. Vinny's got your money. Oh great, this is good. It's all over. Yeah, zoom.com. Oh, internet stock, boy, this is going to go up to 150, 200 a share, I bet you. Like amazon.com and every other a-hole.com. Anthony, you haven't answered my question though. You bought it at 30A, right? Yeah. Two days ago? Yeah. All right, what is it down to today? 24. 24, OP. Way to go. Yeah. Congratulations. I'm looking at a tax write-off, I think. You should have bought the infinity stock as much as I did. I did. Instead of fooling around. I bought some infinity stock. You should have took all the money you spent on that stock and pushed it into your infinity stock. That thing is doing quite well. We're up three points already. Yeah, I know. I'm just rubbing it in, that's all. It's almost compensating for what I lost on zoom.com. Zim, you're going to be a great guy. That's all. It's almost compensating for what I lost on zoom.com. It's zooming right into the ground is where it's zooming. That's too bad. We got another F you here. F Joe DiMaggio? What? You heartless bastard. Who the hell wrote that? Who's saying that? A MetFan. It's signed a MetFan. F Joe DiMaggio. He's sick, he's better, he's F'ing sick again. He's better, he's in a coma, he's not in a coma. He's sitting up, he's hitting baseballs, he's back in a coma. You know what? I feel bad for Joe. Why doesn't the old bastard die already? MetFan. It's like everybody else. I feel pretty bad for Joe. But think of it this way. Get him off the damn respirator. He's probably hovering in that death, life phase where one minute he's the old guy wheezing, he can't breathe, he's ready to die. And then the next minute he's looking at the light and there's Marilyn with a skirt blowing up going, Joe, come here Joe. And he's like, what did I pull the plug already? For God's sake, pull the plug! Joe, hurry, Jack's coming. Yeah, and then he's kept alive and he looks at himself, he looks like the Crip Keeper. Yeah, then he's the old guy again. Oh no, come on already. Just pull the plug, Marilyn's waiting. Oh, he's better. Well, look, the Yankees just signed him again. Let the guy go with some dignity. Of course, it's tragic. Every news organization has a play-by-play that the Clippers have thrown another curve in the hospital. That's what the Post said today. Joe DiMaggio threw a curveball last night. It's like rallying in the late innings. Yeah, all the doctors have their rally caps on. That's horrible. Come on, Jolton Joe. Let Jolton Joe go, for God's sake. He's got Marilyn waiting for him. Yeah, Marilyn's not going to wait for her too long. She's got a couple of Kennedy's to hang with. Yeah, but Joe's not coming. All right, on the way. That's horrible. Oh my God, I thought I was just hacking to him. Come, Exclusions Applied. Explore the details. Huh? Anthony Saguar is around the world. What? What? Mic's on, talking over commercials. Excuse me, you're the button guy. All right. You turn it off when I'm talking. You're a jackass. All right, Cigars Around the World, Anthony. The original Cigar of the Month Club. What are you going to do, go out in the malls shopping? Hmm? You can do this right from your house. You got a cigar aficionado in your life? Give them a subscription to Cigars Around the World. Yeah, you can totally take care of them, man. It's really easy. For only $24.95 per month plus shipping, you can get a free free free free free free free free free free�ct.com free free free free free free free free for one Lawler and God ahead, free free gift card and more. And they got all sorts of plans too. You could get 2 to 12 month membership and you could do this by calling 1-800-FRESH66 1-800-FRESH66 They also have a website. That's www.cigarsaroundtheworld.com Got it? Got it. riesunaaa 1027-WNEW Cigars Around the World New York. opi and anthony on fu friday she's all worried that i lost all my money on zoom.com no i was only using risk capital which to me amounts to about ten dollars and thirty eight cents yeah everyone is coming down and panicking and hoping you're going to be okay anthony that's all right i'm riding it out i'm i'm into zoom for the long term opi yeah sure you are yeah i'm going to come back i saw you in the office panicking trying to figure out how to get out of this one alive if you weren't listening a little while ago anthony got in on an ipo was not i didn't i got in after the i'll be after the ipo that was the problem right well this is the internet stocks are great i mean they're shooting up all over a hundred bucks except zoom dot com so so anthony gets in two days ago at thirty eight and it's now twenty eight today is not not not not let's check the latest thing all right i think the market's closing let's see how i lost twenty six and a quarter all right lost twelve points in two days wow yeah that stock is zooming okay anthony oh well that's okay uh whole life savings but that's okay we'll come back all right the facts is coming like crazy two one two nine five seven w n e w it is f u friday uh opiate anthony i want to say f u to all the philadelphia flyers and their their stupid fans devils with an awesome comeback last night in their rink f u lindros that's from jersey girl this one's pretty funny uh f u to my wife for not taking a hint i wanted to surprise her for christmas by getting her remote starter for her maximum maximum which i pay for so i took the car to work to drop off for the installation she's been calling all f and day asking when her car will be home and why did i take it oh by the way i left my 1996 explorer at home for her to use i pissed off that's from steve wow and then we got a i don't even know how we even talk about the other facts we got oh you got it yeah god i don't know what to do with this i don't know whether we should sit on this or or we might have to sit on it for a few minutes check with a couple of people no that's not our style no i don't think we're going to check with anyone we just want to tease it we got a we got a f u from a uh a ex-employee's wife look at roger no he's shaking his head no he's walking out of the studio he doesn't want to be a part of it hey we had nothing to do with it yeah now we better read it before uh before they tell us we can't read it this is just um it's everybody's forum here we open the airwaves to anybody who has a bitch about anything yes okay and this girl obviously has a few issues that she wants to sort out and why should we open up the airwaves to her yeah i think it would be a bias on our part if we didn't get everybody's uh little crank out there well we sure can't pick and choose this point now all right dear oprah and anthony i have a big f u shout out for wnyw alumni dave herman uh-oh i don't know if you're aware of it or not but we're in the process of getting a divorce he was one he has one place a restraining order on me because he thought i would spousely abuse him now these are all libby's allegations yes two underhandedly took custody of my two children i got them back and three he is not paying child support uh... now these are libby's allegations we are just reading them verbatim from her facts i understand if you have uh... reservations about shouting out this particular f u not very pc perhaps maybe as a public service you can give my garage sale a plug see a task whatever i enjoyed listening to you guys good luck there living living hermitsy attacks on our it's another fax it says they've heard and sell out sal holy cow he's telling us rock-and-roll radio fans may have heard the radio legend harman was recently fired from his job as morning man at any w let his loss be your game in order to make ends meet i will be having a giant blowout garage sale some items include rock-and-roll memorabilia signed items from some of your favorite classic artist even some of dave's clothes including his trademark hats this is just ruthless yes you can own a piece of rock-and-roll history and then just list all the items and furniture and all sorts of stuff and there's a phone number here you got living on the line and this is just a little bit and what's going on you really want to know we got your facts alone did you have well that's what's going on not happy place over here lately uh... what happened i don't even know where to start so what happened you can really get it go for it i don't know how it is about three years ago uh... summer i don't know you know people grow apart they're having a little differences family is standing right here so this is going to be hard to talk to you uh... but anyway we were having some differences that uh... you know i didn't think we could fix and uh... i just need a little space and i guess that he didn't want to give me space so he wanted to have me put in an institution where it was very strange put in an institution i'm not kidding but then i'm not kidding you i knew something was wrong when you're i knew something and there's something was wrong when your picture disappeared from his desk but darken it uh... city cut out the eyeball yeah they also your picture was gone you know when we first saw the uh... the picture of you to i'm like i'll look at dave's daughter she's beautiful not serious and i know i'm totally serious and and then i realized no that's that's dave's wife like all around that the event and what what's the age difference uh... twenty three years uh... you know but uh... you know that they didn't be a student yeah well now and i was this restraining order well he thought that uh... i was going to uh... i feel that i'm going to be part of the internet i don't know i think we're going to put me away you have a big amount the i don't know i'm gonna take the step on that they ever beat him up who's married i forget who's there and he's married now has your wife ever gotten he owed it to you that she like karate chop you or something uh... but they have and i know we're not a hitting com and i think that they're going to be in argument is in my state and i kinda went back i think it's like a year what one of those and you can break his hip and then and i don't know my own frank and i think it is life called and i don't want to know working out but i don't know so he's got the restraining order against you know that and what else is what else is he doing and he uh... but the i guess i can offer that you tell you what i think they'll i want to know that uh... maybe every uh... maybe if you tell me you're dating scott muni i'm gonna i'm gonna i'll myself uh... so now he's not anything so now he's not paying the child support well when he feels like it when he feels like it's a lawyer thing i guess you know my lawyer called his lawyer and then his lawyer doesn't answer the phone and uh... you know so how was sex with uh... day alone uh... uh... he didn't need the by agro or was he okay on i'm just asking did motion and that i think so yeah i think one of them one of the there's this kind of there point that salibi getting any are you getting in any action now or you know that i'm too involved with uh... car sales yeah the truth that's true you're selling half his stuff well yeah uh... well i think it approved a lot of it you know it how long have you been in the business like thirty years so i thought that we have unbelievable you know like happy uh... and i have uh... he's helping to get a print you know carton uh... uh... what don't we have we have to you know had we have it's like the hunger for knowing that he's getting the cash uh... uh... only molly uh... it's a fitting in his closet and so i think it's time we always think that it would be valuable from that point all this is a brutal we have uh... work collection but you wouldn't believe that the has taken whether one of our and i think you know first will come back from that anything uh... yeah of course they will just like his radio career is selling his hello i didn't say that you know in some of his clothes yeah you know some of our home there tonight's tonight's dinner jackets uh... and sweat and i don't believe how about that i have a number one legend at i have a and it went ready any that you have i have uh... well so i have i have rock and roll hall of fame and he is you know he is in the rock and roll hall of fame so this is valuable stuff with the real public service period so uh... i'm not getting really doing that all right so if there's some day permit fans out there and they want to own a piece of day of what should they do they said uh... called the number well i really want to get this out uh... okay it's uh... five six eight oh two oh one five six eight seven four nine three seven four nine three yeah and i've been here today because i will put together directions and uh... if they're very very good at it on the nineteen th of uh... december saturday okay content before that and sunday from ten to two and state might make an appearance on that well well you do you do you have a lot of talking to you on the air you're going to have a fistfight maybe you know could be interesting uh... well i always thought it was uh... true love between you two area well that's been wavy line we find that i never thought it was the uh... older guy after the attractive young chick no one did but um... well so you're looking for the dating again and you know a little rusting and we have but i think that i actually i i do have a date that i did and i think that i had a translation very much thank you very much i was going to set you up with one of our listeners yeah maybe uh... do you want to do that i'm afraid of it for thirty years it is a little howard sternish but how could we pass this out you want to come in and we'll get you a date let me do a test run here saturday night to see if i can remember how to do it i'll admit this is a blatant stern ripoff but it's too good this is too good alright libby well please keep in touch and let us know what's going on there she is libby uh... herman but what what do you know you're made name again i'm debating because i think that i'm hanging out with him feeling her man is it would be part of the uh... will call you libby park ok good i live in caribbean i'd like to have a look at it well hello there's a heavy little scene it's my goodness we got the number of uh... someone's uh... on a piece of their parents we got it right how could you be party to that what she's trying to raise some money maybe that's the razor kid i i understand but we don't have both sides of the story hoping that's true i think it would be still listening uh... maybe we could auction some of the stuff off on our shelf but i think that would be huge we'd raise a ton of money screw our uh... are you know feels for meals well now we better do feels for meals yeah all right wonderful it all right and they we need to take a moment here and talk about take pause we've been talking about this all week it's a great gift to give uh... to someone this holiday season yes it is their cute little animals lions tigers leopards and uh... boy girls love these things man uh... begin to your sweetie you'll uh... you look like the sensitive guy we're gonna get our blender you can get a red toaster oven don't give their wife a blender for credit don't guys do they don't know they don't know that they make you look like a jerk well these first take us that's a limited numbered and not available within stores and just like being babies and hummels and other collectibles the first generation is usually the most valuable they're very lifelike eyes are very cool on these things uh... if you want you can enter to win a free take pause leopard tiger or lion all you have to do is go to the w any w website w a w dot com and enter to win also from that point you could go to the take pause website to check out uh... what they're all about and look them over so if you're online right now you know and are going to do the little the line the tiger or the leopard okay w w w dot w a w dot com or to give uh... take pause a call their numbers toll free one eight hundred six eight two two two six six a number once again one eight hundred six eight two to two six six iraq and new york one of these seven w any w it's open and they let her skin or johnny lane before that and still rain and it's open and then uh... if you find that and lots and lots of uh... going on if you find a little real today i do believe uh... yeah lawyers are calling me one copies of our show now uh... just a mess just a mess why why did you have to fax us now we had nothing to do with that unlike hearing from her you know what's going on they've heard of the uh... ex-wife isn't official or they think they're in the middle of the middle of the divorce and called up and she uh... she faxed in a f u about day for a minute and then uh... we got on the phone and we found out that it's a little ugly yeah to them and and she's gonna sell all the stuff seven a yard sale on yard sale memorabilia gave her mits memorabilia let me say going on the yard with the stuff crazy living everything must go hats votes and awards gold records well so the voice is never pretty and um... but i'd don't feel like testifying you know we don't happen to just give them the tape and then and let them fight it out man i can't believe how real i was up how it is and i want to cry she's saying that he's uh... not paying a child supporter pays when he feels like it that's those are her allegations of the we haven't heard from dave so we don't know his side of this whole thing well i don't know if we will but we open up the airwaves to him to yes if he wants to uh... respond to what she has said and let me say here let me say you know uh... you know getting a few of the inside of the government in our system off on our show that's what she said what the way to see on that well someone else in a messy little case uh... today i'll pay bill clinton and is profoundly sorry and moments after i hear here in the rose garden of the white house to say he is profoundly sorry for all i've done wrong in words and deeds i have seen the kids the house to this year committee voted along party lines to recommend that he be impeached for committing perjury before grand jury while so now we're going to go from here but that's not really surprise everybody figure that would happen now uh... i'm not sure what happens for now they're on t v debating it yet and and when did john goodman get involved with the proceedings if it was that that i don't know if they can have a head i don't know he was uh... congressman john goodman those watching a saturday night live skit and also is like what what's john goodman doing there guy looks just like a little bit he's got a big fat head so now they're debating the issue but i i don't know i'd be voted i don't know what they're debating mother in the middle of the day because bernie frank was on the tube money for a i don't think bill clinton did anything wrong oldie online where's my job scary uh... another f you coming here at the need gentleman uh... would you kindly send out a spirited f you to my soon-to-be ex-wife of seventeen years to her mother and most of all to her low life attorney they should all choke to death under the christmas tree while opening presents thanks happy holidays richie from statin island those days are about the the the the the uh... if you come in to one to nine five seven w any doubt one or two seven w any doubt the other i can do you are going to call to love removal machine it's open at the for a few friday what's on the and look who's in the uh... stupidity of the it's and gary having as uh... and i don't are promotions guy pronounces it where is roger cuz rogers posted intro yeah intro gary howie today to give it to give my name in the official sound you know what that had we he doesn't have a really strange action have you listen to have had a week uh... he says he's from uh... and where's it from uh... is from jersey but he moved down south and got this accent that nobody should have no one should have this ever at the coming and is he here roger yeah you gotta go find roger cuz rogers got intro gary howie gary we gotta be honest uh... we didn't know who you are when we first heard you were coming on our show that's okay man uh... are promotions guy said we have gary howie coming on your show right and i like gary howie howie yeah howie well and i remember hocus pocus ensure the out uh... to remake of that but honestly and then i sat there and said what the hell are we going to do with the with gary howie and we were pissed will be a little we have picked off we are frustrated so we had a copy of your cd and tragically something happened to it we weren't even let me have a listen to no pro i brought my guitar i got that in hand alright well we'll have some live howie and and and i'm glad that you gave us uh... more copies of your christmas cds because we did uh... lose the right brought those three guys and i i really want to say it's it's an honor to be on the station with you guys i really mean that i really mean that's an honor i mean i'm a big fan i'm from boston i'm a boston boy east coast and uh... i was watching the legends thing on vh1 with springsteen last night in the hotel and he they can show interviews with him and it was from w and you know that you know what's that all so i was really psyched very well like so thanks for having me my we can really trash anymore that uh... i do dig you guys and and uh... i'll be honest though we did have me we didn't smash your cd we we we were so pissed we're just having a bad day i think it was like our time of the month or something and it's like anybody that we don't we don't know they are going to come on the show yet we we don't know how to you know what's like what is this right what the hell they throwing on me now right we don't know if it's going to be some guy you know like slim whitman gonna come in and you know for us and i am and i mean i this guy dogs this guy sent us santas in jamaica and i think it's just haha that's what happens again to another one is cd haha that's the fifth cd of dogs that we've had to mind break that easy to get better i want to send you guys like stuff in metal steel so you'll just smash and smash carry we've we've smashed your cd just like it haha that's all right we got it we got to tell it like it is a really real man have i've tried to hotel rooms and i've done it but now i i heard you warming up and it sounds like you truly do rock thanks man to hang so i love to rock i have been playing guitar for twenty three years i mean i'm instrumental guitar player it's like a salmon swimming upstream and it's always a battle yeah you know so i like to rock alright let's uh... let's look at a song with you can do a christmas on the i i put out a couple of the name like holy i put out a cd call ho ho ho e and it's just uh... it's basically rock versions of all the christmas classics i did for a laugh in my basement my mom said you should make a nice christmas record and and that was you know it's just a goof okay so let's check out gary ho okay are you ready well well and thanks for that thanks man who is this the guitar guy has truly been sent to us from the heaven i feel like i'm in bill and ted's excellent adventure uh... i will give it to you man that's a kicked ass i would say it's not your grandfather's christmas song tell you that man not for the bing fans man no yeah wait like like being and uh... who did he do his little duet with uh... who's that christmas one david bowie and i think you could play with some old i did a good one for melton melton may was on the gate and bob hope man uh... i have a lot of the bob all that i was great and some good time playing and i couldn't see it and i was a bit of a uh... that was that you were there and i thought that was a uh... wants to go into another one i would love to man okay i will hang with gary howie his cities are called ho ho ho we have had a one and how how how we tell back for events in the stores now he's got a website everyone has a website these days got to man for with gary howie in just a bit what's on the internet gary i think you're doing your mean one mister grinch well i like to hear that call the rack of new york one of two seven w any w it's open at the end of the friday your i a heat easy living we haven't played that song a long time well one of the uh... made me wanna roll up a doobie and then i saw gary i was digging a barrel time and we're here with gary howie uh... if you're just turning in we we made peace with uh... mister howie yeah happy to ask my cd we did smash a city last week that's alright i'd just uh... i knew once and i i'm not i'm not i'm going to bring this home and i'm going to play a thanks brother some sick of my being cross the uh... christmas doesn't it doesn't mean airplane metal man you never break a break those unbreakable well the greater russia can you do like the uh... the bill and ted thing uh... you know i don't know what that would be a list of yeah that's what it sounded like what is playing before uh... you got a couple cds out ho ho ho we wanted ho ho ho we care where's roger he's supposed to say that i don't know the answer there in stores now you got a website w w w dot holy h o e y dot net the way radio another christmas song way here's roger okay rogers got an intro because he's got the wacky access to it and i rogers uh... walking right behind you look at this guy is a clown right for their idea iraq roger now what first of all you gotta explain where you're on your have a mic over here here originally uh... from jersey correct and then you move to atlanta atlanta so any any by raising children in jersey never moved down south of your kid will sound like that yet from georgia and we need a little warm-up say the do do does uh... the do do does uh... you know i come to a station and you can't say it is incredible every day after a i'm getting you guys a limo i'm getting you guys a limo this is how he talks we're not making him talk this way okay he's great without further ado once you intro gary holey he's going to another christmas song for us right and w any w like to welcome gary holey right uh... uh... uh... like christmas with c well yeah rock waking up and waking up the way he does not smoke some dough uh... well-sees that's great that is really good gary gary holey in the studio doing some little different today and the great song that was on last night uh... yeah it was still good i've seen it what thirty times and i think it will if some reason they don't hold up with a just those things when you're kidding you know you look for the same in the watch now for me well they're too short i know if you give you the by the video without the commercials it's like twelve minutes and i think you know like frosty snowman and i think that those are like seven minutes long and watching rudolph as a kid and it seemed like a long scary thing and very scary i want to be a dentist and that's because it came on at six thirty in bedtime with seven down to like a long long period of time well i mean it's not like a quarter to seven betty by who and late tony and and i think the bug in the road and you got one more in the bank yemen everybody this is soupy sale wishing all you want to go to the khub never i've.'sunnets ass Who now and it in the honour of smashing the uh... sub His damns for stories that happened and certainly uh... mcmahon's to cd last week's n k Fox it anywhere. That was the last time you'll hear it. Wow, there you go. Got to throw it against the wall. There you go. Thank you. Wow, Rick, I'll give you the raise. Take it easy, bro. You've got a little aggression there. My road manager is going nuts on you here. Alright, we've got another Christmas song from Gary Hoey on the way. This is Dire Straits on the Rock of New York. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. It's Opie and Anthony and our new pal Gary Hoey. Believe it or not, we now like the man an awful lot. After trashing him relentlessly last week when we heard he was going to be on the show, I have to admit we were wrong, Gary. You know what? Any exposure is good exposure, man. We were getting trashed. It went as far as Anthony and I asking to have today off. So we didn't have to deal with you. Well, I'm glad it wasn't that difficult for you. Well, I'm just trying to now that we know each other a little better, I'm just letting you know what happened last week. It's a learning experience. We smacked D, we yelled at the boss, told him we weren't coming in today. Hey, you know, I've had things where people have called me up and said, dude, you've got to go do this. Alright, there we go. We just dumped out of it. It's okay. I think I got an entirely cursed. Sorry, man. That's alright. That's how it is in here. We're loose, man. You know, you feel like you're just talking and you throw the S word around. Well, I'm sorry. You let me break things so I could start swearing and smoking pot and you know. Smoking pot. I mean, you know. Hey, can we get a DiMaggio update here? Yes. What is the DiMaggio update? Well, last we heard, when last we left Joe, he was near death's door. Yes. It was pretty much it. Yes. Joe DiMaggio has awakened from his coma. The doctors are saying you won't believe it, but he's awake, moving his head and grabbing my hand. It's completely unexpected. The coma that was present deeply this morning is just not there now. Joe is just, he's in a run down. Yeah, with life and death. Life and death. Where is he going? It's like a plot for a wacky sitcom or something. So now he's doing okay. It changes by the hour with Chilton Joe. Portrait of a desperate ballplayer. We wish him the best. I don't know. They're putting odds on him now. It still doesn't look good. On a scale of one to ten, with ten being the best outlook, Barron said, the doctor, DiMaggio was a 0.5 early this morning and had improved to a one by this afternoon. It's still a very dire situation. The whole thing could change in 15 minutes. Unbelievable. Instead of winds doing traffic on the tens, we could do the Joe DiMaggio updates. Joe DiMaggio and weather on the ones. Also, there's a bunch of people calling and faxing an email asking us if that whole Dave Herman's ex-wife thing was for real. Yeah, it's real. We don't do fake things on this show. They can't believe we actually talked to Dave Herman's ex-wife because I guess they're getting divorced. Yeah. And we were reading our FUs. They pile up because it is FU Friday. We're going through the faxes and we're reading them. And all of a sudden there's one from Libby Herman. And we had gotten faxes from Libby before. Nothing indicating that there was a problem in hers and Dave's marriage. She's been a huge fan of our show since day one, by the way. Yeah. And then today we get this. Where is that fax? Because she has a lot of complaints on there. Oh, the lawyers took it? Oh my God. Let us have it back. But she's selling a bunch of his stuff. Memorabilia. Well, supposedly Libby, this is like a soap opera. There goes the hotline. Uh-oh. Wonder who that could be. Hey Rick, check the hotline. Check that hotline. That might be some... We might get a rebuttal. We might have to talk to. I guess Libby locked Dave out of the house. Yeah. Dave only pays child support when he feels like it. This is all Libby's doing. According to Libby. And Dave wanted Libby institutionalized at one point. And then she took the kids away. Yeah. I mean he took the kids away but now she's got them back. Yeah, there's the complaints right there. Blah, blah, blah. Okay. And then she goes on to say, maybe as a public service you could give my garage sale a plug. And it says, see attached. And it's a list of all the stuff that she's selling to Dave Herman. So everyone's been calling saying, is this true because I really want a piece of Dave. Yeah. It's true. People... Dave's a celebrity. And people want some of this memorabilia I guess. And at this point I guess Libby needs money to raise her kids. Right. So now Rick is telling me that she has changed her answer machine. And now she's giving out directions to her garage sale. So we're dialing up the number. Let's see what that's all about. Can we give out the number for the garage sale again? She should do okay. What number is it? That's the same number that I'm calling? All right. You can get all the... Okay. 201-568-7493 if you want some items from Libby Herman's garage sale. I wonder if she's selling that big long leather coat and hat he wore in the N.E.W. commercials back in the 80s where he looked like Indiana Jones. That would be worth something. Wow. I'd buy that. I might put a bid in for that. Hello? Libby? Yeah. Oh, we were trying to get your answer machine. Oh, hi. Oh, sorry. You didn't get in trouble, did you? No. I... Albie? Yeah. I don't care. You know, in fact, I was thinking of going through some boxes downstairs. Yeah. This really should be an auction, some of this stuff. Maybe they should come up and you can do some digital pictures or something. Put them on the website. That's a good idea. We're thinking of maybe having you come up with a box of this stuff and we'll auction it off on the air and give you all the money for your children. You know, Libby's kids. Why not? Libby's kids. What do we got? They're a little retarded too, I must say. What kind of stuff you got that you want to auction off? You know what? Let me go downstairs. I have Stone Pony T-shirts. I have Bruce Springsteen T-shirts. I have something a listener made me, a Born in the USA crocheted Bippy top. I have Billy Joel T-shirts. I have all the old N.E.W. baseball T-shirts, the jerseys. I have foreigner members only jackets. Members only jackets. And you're willing to sell all this stuff? I'm willing to part with it. We're practically giving away! It's crazy Libby! I am. I really am. It's insane what we have down there. Wow, you've had it, huh? I have had it. You can say that, yeah. I have. Listen, you know. Baby needs a new pair of shoes. I hear you. Alright. Hey, who are you going out with Saturday, by the way? I'm going out with a very sane guy, which is very unlike me. You know, he called twice. The first time he called, I was comatose, sleeping drool coming out of my mouth. And then he had the nerve to call back again and I was asleep. And so he called back again, you know, perseverance. And he's just very sweet. He's a friend of mine's cousin. Alright. From Long Island. And we're going to see the Nightcracker. Oh, cute. It's a real datey-datey. Now, what are the chances you might give him some this weekend? Oh, I don't know. I don't know. You know, the situation where he has children, he's going through a divorce, he is very brave to, you know, go out with me. So we just decided that we are calling it a day. It is an official date. Right on. Yeah. You should do it on a Tuesday so you can become a member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Yeah, I love that. That's a good teaser. You know, putting people together in the world. I love that. Alright, Libby. Well, go downstairs and get some of this stuff and we'll talk about some of this stuff up for auction. Okay. Alright. Alright, Libby. See you. Bye. Bye. Join us next time for The Hermans. It's like a soap. There you have it. In case you thought we were making the whole thing up. Gary Hoey is still here with his guitar. I wonder, hey man, when am I going to get to play? Oh, this is fun, man. I'm enjoying myself. You're in shock like everyone else right now. Pretty much, man. Okay. Alright, so you've got the two CDs out, Ho Ho Hoey 1 and Ho Ho Hoey 2 in stores now. You've got the website, www.hoey.net, and you're going to do another one for us. Absolutely. What are you going to do? I thought we'd do a little version of God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen. It's a nice, tender Christmas ballad that's been known to raise the dead. Alright, cool. So, should we do it? Here we go. Here we go. Smash it! Smash it! Smash the guitar! Smash it! Yeah! Right on, Gary. Oh, yeah. Damn, you rock. You do rock. Gary Hoey, everyone. I feel like a buffoon for ragging him last week. You feel like complete a-holes, Gary. I thought he was going to come in. I thought, you know, alright, Gary Hoey, he does Christmas songs on guitar. I picked you some kumbaya jack-off. Coming in here, okay, we're going to play some Christmas songs. And then you come in here and play the devil's rock version of Christmas. I love it. It's hardcore Christmas. Hardcore Christmas. Well, thanks for having me, guys. This has been so much fun, man. Cool. Well, you've got a couple CDs out, Ho Ho Hoey 1 and Ho Ho Hoey 2, in stores now. Absolutely. Anything else you want to say, Gary? No, man, I just want to wish everybody in New York a safe and happy holiday. And just say I was really, really psyched to come in and see you guys today. I mean that, and I don't even care that you trashed me for a few days. You know, I understand, man. You guys, you know, you're doing your job, you know. At least we're open-minded to have you come in and go through the process and see what happens. I have no hard feelings, brother. And look how you've redeemed yourself like that. Well, you know, like I said, I'm like a salmon swimming upstream, man. You know, this isn't the first time I've been, you know, people have been sort of leery of what I do. You know, you've just got to do what you do, man. You know, and just hopefully people will dig in. If they don't, you just keep doing it. Well, we can relate to that because that's exactly what happens with me and Anthony on a daily basis trying to do this radio show. Yeah, what are we doing being so prejudiced? Yeah. We hope people like what we do. Well, I like what you guys do. All right, Gary, thanks a lot for stopping by. My pleasure. Happy holidays, man. Right on. Wow, Anthony, a lot of people asking about the grandma got run over by a reindeer or something they just heard. Yeah, my brother Joe did that one and it's available on Opie and Anthony's Demented World. Oh, just available in every record store across the country. Yeah, it's on Dickhead Records and Tapes, our record company. Well, be nice. Our record company called us today, Anthony. Yeah. And he had some good news for us. Yeah, great. We shipped 80 units this week. That's what he said. So that ought to just saturate the New York market there, boy, let me tell you. 80 units? Woo! Wow, that could take care of one back alley alone. 80 units. 80 units. Shouldn't there be a few zeros behind that? 80? What, 80 large you're talking? No, 80. It should be, we just shipped 80,000. Oh, wait a minute. Oh, that was just some mustard. I meant eight. As I look here at the sheet, that's not 80. So good luck while you're shopping this weekend. Makes a great Christmas gift. Yeah, trying to find our Opie and Anthony Demented World CD. Good luck. They shipped 80 this week. So the odds are greatly increased that you can find one. Jesus, son of God. I bet that nearly doubles the amount that's in New York now. What the hell happened to us? We used to be somebody. You sound like Dice now. I know. We're heading that way fast. 1027W&W, the ride of New York's Stone Temple Pilots and Creep ZZ Top. Before that, it's Opie and Anthony. Another wacky Friday show in progress. Man. Still have a lot to get to before we get out of here. It's getting a little weird. Yes, a little surreal. Anthony, I think it's time for the hourly smash of Santa's in Jamaica. You want to explain what this is all about? Well, DOOGS, as they call them, sent us Santa's in Jamaica. The DOOKester. A million copies of it. And we've been smashing them hourly. We tried playing it, but found its entertainment value to rank somewhere around Joe DiMaggio's longevity. From today on. And we're smashing them every hour. This thing is not much better than a Kajikugu record. Let's put our safety goggles on. Do I get to break this one? Yes, you can break that one. Okay. Be careful. By the way, this is the sixth copy of Santa's in Jamaica CD that we're breaking. And the guy called us up. I guess he plays shortstop for the NAW softball team. Not no mo. But he said that this is like the hottest Christmas song in Jamaica or something. In Jamaica? Really? Yeah, well, it's not doing much in the States. Okay, here we go. Here's Santa's in Jamaica. Let's play through this one. Let's track through it. Wait a minute. What happened? It got away from you? Yeah, that was a bit more, man. No, give it another one. I will. Hold on. It's coming apart. Oh, wow. Boy, that blew it up real good. Okay, keep sending those CDs in, please. We need more CDs to smash. Track through that. Anthony, as I get the pieces of CD out of my eye, explain the Libby Herman thing real fast because we've got five guys on hold that want to date Dave Herman's wife. Well, this has just taken on a life of its own. Libby Herman, Dave's wife. You might remember Dave Herman was the morning guy here for many years at NW Radio. It's FU Friday today, and she faxed in an FU to date. I don't think anyone really knew this, but they were having a lot of problems, I guess, in their marriage. And they're getting a divorce. Yeah. So she faxed in a big FU. You want to read a couple of things off of the FU? Yeah, the lawyers gave the fax back, so I guess we can read it again. All right. Dear Opie and Anthony, I have a big FU. Shout out for any W alumni, Dave Herman. I don't know if you're aware of it or not, but we're in the process of getting a divorce. He has placed a restraining order on me because he thought I would spousally abuse him. He underhandedly took custody of my two children. I got them back. He is not paying child support. I understand if you have reservations about shouting out this particular FU, not very PC perhaps. Maybe as a public service, you can give my garage sale a plug. See you attached. Now, we've got to say that these are all Libby's allegations. That we haven't heard from Dave or his side of it, but this is what Libby's saying, and we open up the airwaves to Dave if he wants to respond. Correct. And Libby wants us to give out her number for the garage sale. She's actually taking his stuff because I guess she locked him out of the house for a while. Yeah, she's got a bunch of memorabilia from any W, rock and roll, Dave Herman, the morning show. And she's selling it. You could own a piece of Dave Herman is what this comes down to. So the number is 201-568-7493. She's serious. I guess she needs the money to raise her kids at this point. And we're trying to give you a piece of Dave Herman by giving away his wife. Now, I'll be the first one to say, growing up in New York and being a huge Howard Stern fan, this is blatant Howard Stern. Yeah, we'll admit it. I'll be the first to admit it. This has shades of DiBella written all over it. But it's just too good to pass up. Yeah, yeah, you're right. For God's sake. You want to talk to one of these guys? Yeah. Hey, buddy. Yes. I hear you want to go out with Libby Herman. I think that she sounds like a pretty together lady. All right. What could you offer her? I could offer her, oh, Lord, a good cup of coffee, a lot of conversation. Wait a minute. What do you do for a living? I'm retired. You're retired? I'm a retired college professor. How old are you? I'm 62. No, no, that's how old Dave Herman was. I think she wants some young, supple meat at this point. She's a young girl. Well, my friends say I look like 48. Let her make over my mind. How old is she? She's like a young girl. She's 23 years younger than Dave. Now you're talking. Now I'm interested. Yeah, but she wants somebody that doesn't need Viagra. Oh, God. All right, hold on the line. We'll talk to her. Hold on. Well, thank you. Hello? Libby? Yeah? Libby, my name is Richard. Wait, Richard, I'll introduce you. God damn. What? Libby, how are you? It's Opie and Anthony again. Hey, hold on. I'm listening to you in the background. I got glaring out of my speakers. Hold on a second. All right. Hello? Hi. Hi. I don't know whether they're going to interrupt us again. Wait a minute. Hold on, guy. Just wait for the formal introduction. You're a horn dog. Okay, I'm ready. This gentleman called up. What's your name, sir? Richard. Richard called up because he's interested in dating you. We're getting these guys calling up now that want to date you. Oh, wow. Because you sound like a really cool chick. Those are not my words. But there's a problem. What? How old are you, Rich? I just turned 62. No way, man. I've been there. I've done that. Sorry. She wants a young guy. Hey, listen, I wish you the best no matter what. I hate to make a rash decision like that, but I don't know. What, you want a boy toy? Yeah. You want an 18-year-old guy? Yeah. Hey, listen, I have my son call. Yeah. You can make us peanut butter and jelly sandwiches or something. Oh, God. Libby, we could get you a young stud if you want. Stud muffin? Yeah. I'm serious. Yeah. Oh, that'd be great. You're really, you know, this sounds like fun. It did. Dave liked our show, by the way. Yeah, I think so. Yeah. He did before I called. I think before I called, he really liked it. Yeah, I don't think he'll be liking it that much now. No, I don't, you know, I don't know. We don't speak, though. Yeah. Yeah. I call him and he hangs up on me. That's our repertoire. Well, we'll admit this is very Howard Stern-ish, but if you want, if you come in here, we will find you a young stud to go out with. Yeah? Yeah, we'll set you up. We'll put you on the date. We'll chaperone it so you don't get an axe murderer. That'd be great. I would do that, sure. While you're up here, we could also auction off some of Dave's stuff. Listen, can I chaperone that date? Oh, hey, shut up, guy. Chaperone that date? Oh, Rich, she already blew you off, Rich. You're done, man. Well, it was a good try anyway. All right, Rich. You guys are great. Thanks, buddy. I'm going to do so much promotion from you guys. Good luck, dear lady. You know what? My boss is here. I better behave myself. I'm real estate. Well, did you get some of the stuff that you want to auction off? I did. It's upstairs. You're until seven, right? Yeah. Can I call you back in like 15 minutes? Yeah, you got it. Okay. All right. All right. Bye. Bye. All right, there she goes once again, Libby. All right. So call back in a few minutes with the items that she wants to sell of Dave's. The items up for bid. Yes. Crazy Libby. Crazy Libby. She's practically giving it all away. Oh my God. Divorce is brutal, isn't it? Isn't it? It's just so damn ugly. Yes, it is. On the way, everyone is requesting Steve Lynch songs. You know, our pal from last Friday. Yes. We will end the show today with Lullaby. All right, coming up, we'll talk to Libby again to see what items are up for bid. All right. All right. This is sick. Why are people yelling and screaming? Did you hear that? There's a party going on. Where's that party going on? Everybody's ready to go to the park. Yeah, we got the company Christmas party tonight. Is it just any W or is it CBS or is it WINS? I think it's just us. I think it's just any W, maybe WINS as well. We're going to have a lot of fun tonight. We're going to have a lot of fun tonight. We'll sit down and hear the news from people. So what's new? Did you hear today at the impeachment hearings? Drink, please. Have a drink over here. What time is it? Oh, it's 9.01. Time for traffic. Traffic and weather together. Together on the ones. Dude, lighten up. Hey guys, I'm going home in the next 10 minutes. What do you think of the traffic? That's good. Hey, and now with sports, it's Jim. The Rock of New York, 1027WNEW. Creed, what's this life for? From their debut CD, My Own Prison, it's Opie and Anthony. Amen. We're waiting for Libby Herman to call back with the items up for bid. Libby, if you're listening, because she listens to our show, call us right now. I'll put you on the air, please. In the meantime, it is FU Friday. We forgot to talk about the lady that's suing Starbucks. Ah, F you to her. I hate those people. More burned coffee people suing. This woman had coffee spilled on her ankle. Well, what happened was she got a cup of coffee from Starbucks. And she was getting the cream and the milk together. And she says like a couple drops hit her wrist. Oh, yeah. Which freaked her out because it burned her a little bit. And she spills the whole damn thing on her ankle and burns her ankle. And it was a pretty nasty burn. That's how she got it. And now she's suing Starbucks for a million dollars. Now, who would she sue if she was home making coffee and dropped it on her foot? Knowing that coffee is hot. Right. What's the difference? I don't understand how these are actual lawsuits and that people get the million dollars. Remember the lady with the hot coffee that burned her groin? Yeah. The McDonald's coffee and they ended up giving her a couple million dollars. Her crotch was worth two million. Yeah. Well, whatever it was. And this girl's ankle for some reason is worth a million bucks. Are we going to have to start putting warnings on the side of coffee cups? Yes. Yes, Opie. That's ridiculous. That's ridiculous, though. Thanks. Wow, you're making a stand. Wow. I like that. Well, I'm just wasting time. I'm hoping Libby would call back. Really? I didn't notice. I know. Oh, well. I guess she's not going to call us. Uh-oh, news just in. What is that that you got in your hand? Is that about Joe? No, I'm looking at it. Jolton Joe? How's Jolton Joe doing? Is he dead yet or is he in the starting lineup for next season? He's still in the rundown between life and death. Former musketeer found guilty of stock fraud. One of the original musketeers has been found guilty of stock fraud. Darlene Gillespie was convicted in L.A. today of a dozen federal charges. She was accused of using phony or bounce checks to buy tens of thousands of shares in a stocks window. And she could face up to 90 years in prison when she is sentenced March 8th. Oh, Darlene. Little cute Darlene. I bet she bought zoom.com. If she bought a stock that went up, she'd be able to pay off the bad checks. Yes. How did your zoom.com do? Opi, I closed out today at 26 and a quarter. You may remember I purchased the day before yesterday. No, I purchased yesterday. Yesterday. For a $38 a share. And it zoomed down to 26 and a quarter. So, I'm waiting for it to come back. I smell tax write-off. What a pain. Hello, hello, hello. Oh, wait. Oh, now why can't we? Hold on, Libby. Hold on. Okay. I have to cross on my cell phone because my phone is ringing off the hook. I don't want to lose... All right, Libby's on the phone again. Hi, Libby. Hi. Okay, so the phone is going nuts. People are really interested in your garage now. Yeah, I got like 20 calls. I've talked to a few people and yeah, thanks guys. Well, by the way, everyone is calling up. Everyone wants to date you. And we forgot to mention that you're really, really hot. I'm very tall though. How tall are you? How tall? What a shame. I'm like 5'11". 5'11", blonde hair, like blue eyes, right? Yeah. Nice. Yeah. Very nice figure and you have a crappy cell phone. Crappy cell phone and a little bit of an attitude, but you know. Okay, so did you get some of the items up for bid? I did. Now, I've itemized here. I hear you have auction houses calling you at home and stuff now. I do. I have... The only thing I don't have vinyl. We had somebody come and buy both of the vinyl. We had everything from Russian belly dancing music to, you know, Michael Jackson, DT, you know. Just like... Wow, that isn't really Dave related. Oh. Yeah, we want to know what... We need a good Dave memorabilia. Okay. Well, how about Dave's favorite T-shirt of all time? It's his Pia Zadora nude booby-shot T-shirt. We have that. Don't ring that. We have... I'm kidding. Do you think I'm kidding? No. Okay. We have the Risky Business Tom Cruise movie. They did this, you know, the cut-off sleeve black T-shirt, Risky Business with Bob Seeger on the back. All worn by Dave at some point. Bruce Price. We have... Do you have to mean Bruce Juice? For you, we don't have... Let's see. I have this sweater that a listener made for me that I, you know, hesitate to part with, but I just... It's just sitting there. Somebody will wear it. It's handmade, hand-crocheted, like a flag, but where the blue part is, it says, born in the USA at one side and let freedom ring on the back. All right. Hey, do you have any... Do you have any egg sandwiches from Breakfast with the Beatles? I did have an offer of bagels from somebody who's coming to the tag sale, so there will be refreshments. Now, Libby. What? Dave was in the business for a very long time. The bones are ringing off the bones. Did you hear this? It's crazy, I tell you. He was in the business for a very long time. This is all you got. Don't you got, like, autographed CDs and stuff? Huh? Don't you have autographed CDs? Come on, some stuff we have to keep, all right? Oh, oh, oh. What about a sweatshirt from the River Tour, 1980, 81? And does it have actual Dave Herman sweat on it? Yes, he did stink it up. He did. He absolutely did. I did wash it, however. Okay. We have Bruce's back where rock lives on one side and on the back, W-A-W-F-M. We have your Bruce, Bruce, Bruce, and the UCF. We have a lot of Bruce t-shirts. We have a Stone Pony Dancing in the Park t-shirt. I've got to go in another room. I can't hear. The bones are just ringing off the hook. Hold it. I can't. Anyway, my personal favorite from Stiff Records, do you remember Stiff Records? Of course. It's beautiful for the ladies. You know, it's a French cut t-shirt that if it ain't stiff, it ain't no use to no one. That's my personal favorite. Okay. Can you model that for us, maybe? Huh? Can you model that for us when you come in? It says I'm just prance through the studio with that on. We have Super Tramp from the Crisis. What Crisis? God, this is better than Hungathon. I'm telling you. All right. We've got a Billy Joel HBO special t-shirt. And these are all t-shirts worn by Dave? Yes, sir. Wow. Some by me, too. Wow. I think we might have had sex in one of these. I'm not sure. Wow. Do you have any used condoms or anything? Oh, me. What? I thought it was not necessary. I thought I'd ask. We have a Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers from the American Girl. What's the... Damn it, right now. Really early Tom Petty. Really stinky, yeah. Okay. Very, very worn. All right. Wings across America. All right. Anything else? All right. Obviously, the list goes on. Oh, wait. How about Dave's owned Asbury Juke's blue and white, you know, baseball jacket with Big D on the front. Oh, that could be worth something to someone. All right. Actually, we have two Jukes. All right. Obviously... He was an unofficial Juke. He was the ninth Juke, I think. All right. Obviously, you've got a lot of crap to sell. All right. Do you want to give out that phone number again? Sure. It's 201-568-7493. And if you leave your fax number, preferably, I can just fax directions from what you're from. All right. And this will be a garage sale in the very near future. It's actually in the basement. Okay. All right. When are you going to come up? Oh, I thought I lost you. Oh, wait. Oh, they're coming in. All right. All right. I've got to look at the top board. Jesus. All right. I will... Oh, my God. You're going to come in, right? Yeah. Then we're going to get you a young stud to, you know, bang you. Want to say bye next week? I'll call you. All right. Cool. Okay. Have fun at the party tonight. Thanks, Libby. Okay. Bye. There she goes, Libby Herman. Wow. Cool. 102... What? Well, I'm just going to read some e-mail and it says, speaking of Starbucks coffee, haven't you guys seen the warning label on the side of the coffee cups? This beverage, the beverage that you are about to enjoy is extremely hot. Use caution. You guys are great. Keep it up, F. Jackie and F. Baba Bowie. GW. The Rock of New York, 1027W&EW. Pearl Jam, elderly woman behind the counter in a small town. Yeah, not bad, Eddie. I love talking to CDs. Yeah. Live on two legs is the name of the new Pearl Jam Live CD. And I like it a lot. Look at the clock. Where did the time go? Yeah, we got to get out of here. We got to go to the company Christmas party. Yeah. It's going to be a lot of fun. Oh yeah. Can't wait. Are you kidding? I'm excited. No, I'm really excited about it. I just want to know if it is it just us or is it wins? CBS? All the CBS? I don't think it's all CBS. Well, I think in the city. Like all the New York.