 one of the seven w and w the right to be here to be tuesday cheap trick dream police and surrender the doors before that backdoor man and l a woman jim or some would have been fifty five years old today here right howard never happens you know there's all those rumors that maybe he didn't die back in uh... when there was that again i forget seventy one or whatever else well he's a guy you know that uh... died in a very young age open and except for that real fat bearded face you remember him as being like the cold rocked in you know yet you just can't get into that fat bearded face now but now he would have been pretty old he would have been a mess yeah so let's say he uh... he tricked everyone and he didn't die in seventy one and he would have never made it to nineteen eighty and i doubt it jim lennon john lennon is another one and member him as being john lennon walking around new york right how old would he have been uh... fifty the fire so for the sex older older i would think well not sure what your eight billion phone call this to exact date but uh... you know and before you use me i'm a huge doors fan boy who is the richie says something for dying young though it doesn't it seriously think of james dean at the end of james dean was james dean all about when you think of them with the you know the hollywood scene is the young guy movies fast cars women he was like a bread pit of the fifties right he had it all right now now that's the picture you have in your mind when someone says james dean because he died young left the young corpse right if james dean was alive today who do you look like marlin brando the the and they were used similar back then you know all right what about uh... marilyn minow i was think the same thing the skirt blown out the dress you know giggle and happy birthday mister president bond blonde bombshell right now now she was alive today jone rivers or even worse philis diller shilkey winter to tell you what there is a right now jim morrison was live today who would you look like i'm trying to think someone a beard yeah you know the big beard probably be very fat i can't think of anyone and santa claus now uh... well well i want to welcome everyone to uh... tuesday yeah and uh... we are uh... initiating new members of the tuesday night armor club as we speak yes it is now at twenty minutes in to our tuesday night armor club and open grand pooh by hoping that's right but a lot of controversy as to who the pooh by is and every tuesday uh... it seems to go back and forth uh... you want the pooh bob because you hadn't received your armor stepped into pooh bop i got in trouble was it last week already yeah last week last week by declaring that there be a three-month expiration period on our club yeah then you would have to read up after three months here it was totally miss conscripted think that i said only get hummers every three months right isn't what i meant regardless of that uh... you jumped on it and said this is the pool by you want people someone who would say three months every three months you re-opt why i would say every week right in the guys all rally behind the all be a long live opiates pullback anthony out right which after you received your humble last week made me uh... the grandpa by the end of our dollars the role you made that you would be the bob pooh by until i became a night club and i finally became a member last tuesday and you throw me out for a couple weeks and suspended for two weeks yeah yes well all p i seem to have found the tape from last week two weeks ago on the last week whatever whatever what tape you got a tape that proves that you know initiated the three month membership well i don't see this so-called tape in front of me at the end i got it you're right good luck you'll hear it good luck playing on the air running people because you will see what kind of a phony good luck who by is good luck i have no idea what you're talking about well i do and i have it i listened on the way and said all these the one that came up with the three-month period and he was the totally against me and i admit i was wrong for then legislating it but you know what i came up with the idea well you'll have to play a little tape later i got right i will i will see what happens is ok fax line two one two nine five seven w any w phones are going not to share one has a comment about our jim morrison john lennon comments so will go to those next i a m w so you guys are all about what today i think that's a lot of people while i was driving one home from school and uh... we've been seeing each other for a couple months now and we would go to the at the end i got it initiated that day and then i that night i went out somebody else and it was about six thirty and i told her about it so i got another one had to put to our is i got about three weeks there well they are that means you got a lot of forever now that's right there was a little bit of a are going to break we appreciate that thank you very much congratulations back alright by right that's interesting cuz we are we only started here in mid june yeah uh... and there was no doubt we've been here six months ready that's incredible another happy customer for the two-day night armor club yeah can someone explain the the teach me hearings doesn't mean anything to us are they going to teach the president of the night he was he was absolutely wrong and what he did but for some reason he won't get impeached now you know it's gonna happen there's a lame duck congress taking care of this business right now and we're going to page to president map map map now the new congress steps in after uh... next year started next year and they have to start all over again are you serious and and all this to have all this crap over again so why are they even bothering now because their duty he's not going to get impeached his lawyers where where how far into this already uh... it's been about almost almost a year once and let's say the people that want him impeached uh... basically the republicans are saying that he purged himself under oath in the civil case the polio his attorneys are saying it wasn't perjury yes he did mislead some people and what he did was not right but it wasn't perjury and not an impeachable offense so that was when it first started where are we now savings have played in place uh... nothing is getting done in the country in the car it doesn't matter just a key to going and going and it's crap i believe yes he should be impeached what he did was wrong he's not fulfilling his oath of office to tell the truth part of his own you know especially with people serving time in prison for exactly what he has done to me all of that he took when he gave his testimony tell the truth the whole truth in nothing but to the truth everyone has seen it on tv map million times well they did he tell the truth the whole truth and nothing but the truth i know it's not so it doesn't matter what the polls say doesn't matter anything well didn't bring up that point yeah but the people are sick of this and we should just move on that's what his lawyers say the people have spoken their tired of this and think it should all be just thrown away well the truth the matter is that the constitution is in a popularity poll it's not uh... run by the polls it's a written law and if he did something that uh... he should get impeached for he should get impeached regardless of what the polls say but his lawyers are wrangling in and uh... the other people on the other side are ten stars people trying to get into it's a mess it's a never-ending mess that won't be settled this he'll just fill out the rest of the term do you think will prosecute him after he leaves office though wasted time it's just a huge waste of time i would like to money resources i like to know what i would like to know what is not getting done in this country because it's better all this time on this this nonsense a lot of things that but then to clinton in a clever rules trying to make it look like he's doing things you see him out every day and he's done talking about social security today but i think you're not doing anything is not doing anything that's ever going to get through congress or anything is pretty much a lame duck president at this point exactly he's walking around miserable than ever because he can't get rid of hillary for a second these days to go get some trim who maybe named uh... man of the year man of the year well i think it has a man of the year it may but it may be hillary clinton she can be named man of the year people are how do you think a look at early of course you know uh... that's easy joke sorry yes so it's just a never ending that is just costing millions and millions of dollars and time and and uh... work hours but uh... nothing there's going to mount to nothing yes the right in new york one of these seven w any w two for tuesday david bowie fashion from scary monsters one of those songs when i hear it brings me uh... right back to being a kid watching mtv when it first hit the tube yeah because i was one of the first videos fashion and uh... i am a dj i am one of the three washed out looking video and they've come a long way with the videos but uh... every time i hear that or uh... you know uh... love is a battlefield by pat bent or that bent are hate the song but it brings me right back you know boyster cold burning for you know and i was standing on the cars around five here and and jay guile centerfold yeah these are all the early videos look duties going to hit the snare drum and like white paint gonna come out to the lack over to add on gun guns being done so far so that i got so long that i would awful but we have a lot of the videos yeah i don't know about you but uh... we would sit around and watch the whole rotation of of the videos all five yet and and what do they really have maybe a i don't know two dozen yeah and it would take maybe two or three hours to play through all of them and we would sit there and wait for burning for you to come on again realize okay we've seen all the videos time go outside and play and you have to sit through uh... well they rewind the video i guess and uh... there's a shot of the astronaut on the moon uh... elizabeth all around the thing up but uh... uh... and i would pop on uh... burning for you again yeah back to the beginning that was pretty much it didn't really have any videos now they don't either and now they just think that they just don't play videos on mtv they've they truly need to get another channel it's obvious they're so into the real world and i was a it's it's not this week of the making of road rules real world reunion uh... contest behind the scenes camera people made technician reunion special behind the scenes what there does bill lander just building ridiculous spin-offs from their shop ridiculous this week we're gonna have the cast of the real world actually watch an episode in common while it's playing here at home can like you know type in what you're seeing on the screen will put those comments up on the screen and they will throw in some role role characters to get a spin that way this will be really great people will love this and then i also in the the real world will be no bump into a uh... fanatic who's on their way to see uh... mariah carrey uh... yet road rules from the winnebago's point of view who we haven't seen that yet the bed and of that they just show the episodes over and over and over again but now they got these new cool angles on the show show some videos yeah even the videos that they think no one wants to say because you know that musicians that were making videos that were on mtv years ago they still making videos you know they get money from somewhere but you just never see him anymore now when you love to see what kip wingers up to right now uh... would that be a black just to sit there and watch a kid playing a new video i guess for a goof i watch that but but the cat and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and well they got the canadian music channel that's uh... start up up on all the cable systems now really was a cold and uh... music or music or somebody i don't get that you know that now they show all the videos though i don't get that nothing but videos you know you don't have to see you know sit through stupid uh... you know tv shows and now i get the only other video channel i get is uh... bt oh yeah black entertainment television i don't think you're allowed to watch the e t and now i'd shut the blinds and i i watch on the floor making sure that uh... black people watch me watching it's like all this is what black people are up to it people have to be in take near i don't know that is so slanted to the black race is amazing absolutely amazing i guess i guess uh... yeah well that's how they feel when uh... they're watching town broke up i guess i just don't get the uh... i don't get the new rap music all things i don't get it i don't want to be all that music with like dj jazzy jiff in the fresh prince in they wrapped to the music now i want to admit this the few the beats don't want to get their off there doing something out of their body mccall and i got that but it's it's it's all just this stream of consciousness in paying no attention to the music anymore correct i just like when like a puff daddy uh... is that uh... an award show and then he uh... he talks about you know his inspiration for writing a song and stuff like you haven't written one song in your whole damn career you have sampled every song you've you put out there so don't get out there start talking about the you know your your writing inspiration for for this song with that song you know and i was even a ripoff next that's a good man scrap some towns you know you grab some old town and and dedicated to biggie and it makes uh... a crap load of money i guess uh... well as everyone knows by now it's uh... to for tuesday and it's also uh... the tuesday night hammer club yes and we are uh... initiating new members as we speak i'm looking at the clock yes it's after three o'clock that's when the initiation begins so there are people out there right now getting initiated as we speak anthony wonderful world which is a scary thought but there's a guy i think his name is ray or something like that on the line who needs help told good we're good at this time you know getting a homer tonight because he wants to become a member of the club we usually call up wives and girlfriends on tuesday for a couple of lucky guys and we usually talk the girls into initiating them into the tuesday night hammer club well we failed for the first time last week she was brutal that lady we talked to last week was the reason why we came up with the tuesday night hammer club yeah she had the kids in the background she works two jobs uh... and it's obvious that couple just doesn't have sex life anymore no and that's why we started this club to maybe uh... initiate some uh... sparks in some people's relationships bring it back before it gets to that point we tried everything and she was as cold as they come and it is obvious that sex is not a word in their dictionary and i felt bad for the guy so i'll end up cheating soon well let's see what this guy's all about there and i hear you need help becoming a member of the tuesday night hammer club yeah my wife's a little gunshot you know i've been asking her for a couple weeks i think maybe a little push will help me out and when was the last time you got a lovely homer from your wife all saturday saturday so what's the problem she just doesn't want to do it on a tuesday we can't look up on tuesday she knows it's a radio thing you know this guy greedy you are a little greedy there are guys out there that haven't had a homer in years well shame on it, yeah like opi no that's not true this guy just got one saturday you got one like what three days ago we can't use our powers of hummers to get your wife to do this if you just got one saturday what about the poor guy wait a minute there's some guy out there driving down the road that hasn't had a homer in years going why are they calling this guy well it could be worse it could be me we need a charity case you're not a charity case what kind of club is it? I mean the more members the better we gotta be million strong here it seems to me like you could probably swing it yourself if you got one saturday yeah well i don't know i keep trying on tuesdays and then she listens to you guys at home so she knows about it and that doesn't seem to work on tuesday you know ray as the grand pool by the club i think i'm going to have to pass on your charity case no way hell yeah there are other guys more deserving out there you'll be doing a grave disservice to those people that really need hummers no i've been faithful that's terrible our success rate is over ninety percent i know why do you think i'm calling that's why we gotta save for that special person that really needs the help that's terrible alright you know the make a wish foundation doesn't send kids with a cold to disney okay you get what we mean alright you guys are brutal alright ray alright guys thanks anyway alright see ya one oh two seven w n e w the rock of new york two for tuesday with nirvana about a girl from the unplugged cd come as you are from nevermind before that it's opie and anthony two for tuesday there's a guy on the line that got his hummer out of country wow we gotta see what country he got his little hummer hi any w any w here looking for opi and anthony you are live on the air what's up boy i got some exciting news to share alright uh... in the home with the way about a week ago we get up in the morning i get up to take a shower i get out of the shower and uh... she's in the mood uh... already clean i'm already dried off i'm already deodorant it up and be careful how you uh... like uh... people into any activity or anything all really like all the honey i'll be more than happy to take care of business but uh... i'd like a homer it no problem i don't and i come in next tuesday because i am very embarrassed to say but i would not at that point a member of the two-day night on the corner right so you are going to save your homer to become a member absolutely as guys as one of us out there we realize they don't come often and we got a kind of spread them out you've got to make them uh... worthwhile but now i wanted to put a my name in stone so to speak and i know you guys are probably going to be working on the bylaws of the club since it's growing at such a rapid rate and i wanted to be a little special in the process so i knew i was going to be going on vacation so that tuesday i was going to be out of this country in a ruba so i was hoping that i'm the first reported inductee into the two-day night on the club outside the country of the u.s.a. i would have to give you that honor thank you very much as called us on that but you don't have a couple of people who are there something uh... now we're very very cheap around here for cheap radio show and i would expect it that's cool before the care that will will find out if anyone uh... can beat that right but you became a member of the two-day night on the club in a ruba absolutely i think someone out there might be able to be too but will will will find out about the first reported one yes the first reported thank you very good congratulations thank god i met with her by it makes people so happy you can just feel it out there you know i don't think it's christmas coming around or anything that's missing joyous and i think people in the hammer club is making them happy and joyful i would have to agree with that and finish a little we got our affiliate from san francisco on the line here anthony on a Friday and his unit here there was a huge power failure out in san francisco everything went out not just every not just a couple neighborhoods the whole city went out they're finally restoring uh... power but it's taken some time they get the airport up and running again uh... but traffic lights were out uh... entire neighborhoods that transit system every everything it was a complete mess and we figure this is just such a huge story that we would get uh... one of our filly it's online and discuss uh... the mood of the city of san francisco well i i think so because on the way and i was listening to ten ten wins and they had somebody from san francisco that used to work at wins and uh... now they work for an affiliate out there so i guess this is somebody from our uh... sister station uh... san francisco yes i believe that's what this is a right okay i think his name is philip or something like that i have a light it's not even copy and i think that the bank and franisco wait a minute your name is philip eating cox that that's not what i had to do okay i mean it if but uh... god sentimental the department and i taky fit Ladino people We are speaking to Captain Dirk Studley. He says, due to the power outage, many elevators are stuck between floors with the doors open. Very dangerous. So here everybody has been warned to stay away from the shaft. Please stay away from the shaft. It is a sad day in St. John. That would be the elevator shaft. I must say it was very frightening when the lights went out. I was deep inside Bart. What? You were deep inside Bart? You can't say that. Bart, the Bay Area Rapid Transit. It's the subway, silly. And it's called Bart? Yes. Oh, alright. Oh, you don't know that? No, I didn't know that. No one knew that. I was deep in the bowels of Bart when the lights went out. But during this difficult time, everyone here is standing very closely behind each other. Well, boys, before it gets dark, I've got to find some D-sized batteries. Where can I find those big D-sized batteries for the flashlight? I have no idea. Oh, well. Philip Eaton Cox with a hyphen. Live from the Bay by the Bay. Whisco! Bye, boys. Bye, Philip. Well, there you go. Our affiliate in San Francisco. Even though we had one. No, I did not know that. 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York, Two for Tuesday with Leonard Skinner. It's Opie and Anthony. And it is the Tuesday Night Hummer Club that is happening right now. This was in the wrong CD case, right? Oops. I'm livid. Somebody is just not with the program around here. You know, I'm freaking pissed off. I want to break something. They keep putting the wrong CDs in the CD cases around here. That should be the easiest thing to do, right? You look at the CD, you see the name on it. This is market numero uno. Numero uno, Claire. It should be easy to put the CD in the right case. But no. We got burned twice last week and we just got burned now. At least this time it was a good Leonard Skinner song. Last week we were supposed to play a Bad Company song or no, a Kenny Wayne Shepherd song. We ended up playing a Disco Queen song. For two seconds. We have enough forces that are, you know, fighting against us. Yeah. Without our own people not concentrating and putting the CDs back in the right CD cases. Wonder how that happens. Is it on purpose? Do you think it's a sabotage? I have some theories, Anthony, but maybe I should just shut my mouth this time around. It's like I was going to try to just move on with the program, but then you just get so pissed off. We have enough problems trying to rebuild this radio station. We don't need people making dumb mistakes. There you go. Anyway, where are we? We're all back in order now. Yes. Well, people are becoming members of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club as we speak. And from time to time, actually we do it every week, we get some couples that need a little help to get their hummers going. Yeah. This is kind of good too because I think even at this point, Opie and I put our differences aside as far as the Hummer Club goes. And we try to help out. Me right now on a voluntary basis because I am under suspension. Yes. I think Opie has found it in his heart to put me under house arrest. Yes. So I can still help out. Yeah, we'll see how well you do the next couple weeks. But if we're going to reinstate you or not. I think I still want to bring up the tape, Opie. Now, I think I have a right. We just might not have time for the tape today is the problem, though, Anthony. I don't think so. If you got this tape, you'll have your day in court and you'll be able to air it on the air. But I think there's too much going on our show today to get to your little issue. But like I said, we will put our differences aside for right now and help people who really need the help. I mean, my God, we got to play the gerbil song today, Anthony. I hear the pork guy is coming in to sing a Christmas song. I think that's the stuff people want to hear today. Not your little issue with who is the grand poobah of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. All right. Anyway, we got someone standing by here that wants to become a member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Let's go. It's a girl. What? It's Kira. Kira. All right. Well, let's talk to her. Because remember, the ladies become members of the club as well. It's not just a male club. You know, the guy getting hummer and the girl, you know, given. They're both members of the club. And I guess she needs some help initiating her husband into the club. Put her on. N.E.W., what's up? Hi. Hi. I'd like you to call my husband and try to get him into the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. But he leaves work at 5. Oh, this is a little change, huh? Yeah. Well, what is the problem? He doesn't like hummers? No, he's just kind of like sex drive a little bit lower than, you know, I'd like. So, trying to initiate things. This is awesome. All right. No, we, we, it's our responsibility. The tides have changed. What's your name? Kira. And what's his name? Chris. All right, Kira, let's call him right now. All right. You'll be able to listen in. So, here we go. Good afternoon. We speak. Yes, is Chris in? Sure. Hold on a minute. Going well so far. This is Chris. Hi, Chris. This is Opie and Anthony from WNEW Radio. We got you live on the air. Uh-oh. Do you listen to our show? Uh, no. Ah. Well, we got a lovely surprise for you today. Okay. We have started a new club on our radio show. Okay. Called the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Okay. And that's where we encourage the guys to get hummers from their wives or girlfriends. These guys love a hummer and we think it would make the world a better, happier, less violent If everybody was just smiling because they had received hummers. Would you agree with us? That I can't argue with. Okay. Well, believe it or not, your wife told us to call you because she wants you to become a member of this club tonight. Now, I think I know what your answer is. But would you enjoy a hummer tonight? Yes. That would be a big old yes. A big old yes. Well, I think you've got something special waiting for you when you come home tonight, Chris. From the sound of it, yeah. And I do believe if you do get a hummer tonight that you're going to have to start listening to the Opie and Anthony show every day. Yep. Yep. I would say so. Yeah. There's nobody else. Fat Rocky isn't getting you hummers. Fat Rocky can't even find his thing yet. What seems to be the problem? Is your sex drive dipping down a little bit? Ah, well, hey. Let's just say the Tuesday thing definitely would bring it back up again. Oh, all right, all right. That's good. See, we like catching these things and nipping them in the bud because if too many years go by with the sex dropping off in a relationship, sometimes you reach a point of no return. We've talked to some of these people in relationships where it's just over and never happening again. Never can happen again, yeah. How long have you been married? Two years. Two years. You guys should be going at it like rabbits. Why do you think your sex drive has dropped a bit? Ah, well, I mean, God only knows. Just too busy with work and everything else? Yeah, yeah, you know, the day-to-day nonsense. Yeah. All right. Well, would you like to talk to your wife? I think I'll talk to her when I can. Hey, Kira. Kira. Kira. Ah. Is she on? Hold on one sec. You gotta at least say hi to her. Okay. Kira. Hello. Say hi to Chris. Hi, honey. Hello. Hi. You know who you're on the radio with? Yes, I figured it out. I thought I was being taken for a ride there for a minute. So what do you say? Well, that would be a big old yes. Good. Very good. Does it take much convincing? No. Okay. All right. Well, I suppose I should listen to the radio and see what they say. Okay. I'll see you later. I love you. I love you too. Right. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Look at that. Another happy couple. Have fun tomorrow, Chris. Thank you very much. All right. And there he goes. See? He's going to have some fun. He sure is. Happy guy. No Rock in New York in 1027 WNEW. Cupid Tuesday with Neil Young. There's notes for you live and Rocking in the Free World. It's Opie & Anthony. Don't forget, it's another WNEW exclusive broadcast. Lenny Kravitz concert special happening this Thursday at 10 p.m. right here on the Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW. It's a concert recorded during his October tour which was very, very, very good. All right. We have another couple standing by that needs help becoming members of the Tuesday Night Hammer Club. We'll get to them in a little while. All right. A related little note, an email here from Ed in Jersey. Got home from work, had to give you some feedback. I'd like to leave a big F you to Ray. What a weasel trying to use up your powers of persuasion. Yes, of course. And there are so many out there in need. Keep up the mission of mercy. Good work. Here Ray calls us up and says, you call my wife and try to get me inducted into the Tuesday Night Hammer Club. Like, all right, we've done this before. Ask them when the last time he got a hammer was. What does he say? Saturday. Saturday. Saturday. The phones are guys that haven't had hummers in this decade. And Ray wants us to help him out. And he had a hummer on Saturday. Call us for that. Greedy, greedy. That's got to be a serious charity case. I think we got one standing by. So stick around for that. What else is the instant feedback saying? Well, I got to say the number one request coming in over the instant feedback is the gerbil song. Our new pal Stephen Lynch from Friday. Yeah, Friday. He did a bunch of songs for us. My favorite still is the Special Olympics song. But I think the gerbil song comes a close second. Very twisted. Well, I'll be honest. No one told us that we can't play this song. So I guess we keep playing until they tell us we can't play this one. Roll tape, people. It'll probably happen right after we play it. Should we call Scott upstairs and ask him if we can play this song or should we just play it again? Well, you want to call him? No. No. What if he says no? Then we look like. Yeah, just play it. Well, the phones are going nuts. Everyone's requesting more Stephen Lynch songs. We'll try to get another one on before we get out of here at seven. All right. The Rock of New York, one oh two seven W.N.E.W. Tom Petty into the great wide open. And you're so bad from full moon fever. It's Opie and Anthony. And we have a very, very busy show happening. Yes, we do. As we speak, a lot of listeners becoming members of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club as we speak. And we try to help out the people. Yes. That's our mission. Well, we had a couple on the air about what, 35 minutes ago and we were successful. Yes, we were. Which is great. We've only failed once in our attempt to get people hummers. Yeah. Why is she? She was a wreck last week. Yeah, we should replay that. It's terrible. She was so cold you could just feel the ice in her veins through the speakers. But we've had more success today. Yeah. Well, we got another case on the line here. All right. Let's see if we can help these guys out. N.E.W. Yeah, how are you doing? My name is Tony, the limo driver. I'm in desperate need of help. I haven't gotten a hummer in about four to five months. Four to five months? Yeah. What is the problem? My wife just doesn't like doing it. We got to talk to the ladies today and get in their heads why all of a sudden after they get married they're just not into it anymore. Even sex. It's like I have to initiate everything. If it wasn't for me we wouldn't have sex and she's pregnant. She's four months pregnant not thinking how the hell did she get pregnant. You know, was it divine intervention? I don't know. But I don't ask this lady for nothing. I work 12 hours a day. I give her my whole paycheck. I don't ask for nothing. My birthday is coming up. I said don't give me nothing. All I want is sex. It's like I'm asking for a heart transplant. You know that is the best Christmas present a lady can give their man this season. That's right. Screw the ties and the stupid jean socks. Guys, I'm easy. I like watching my football and that's it. Don't bother me. Exactly. So before you got married were you guys just two animals? Yeah, she was hot. We used to do it in her house, in her mother's house when her mother was home sleeping. We'd do it on top of a washing machine in the bathroom. How long have they been married? I've been married only four years. Oh my God. Do you know what's going to happen as every year goes by? Guys, I'm going to be 31 this Friday. Even if it was this Tuesday tonight maybe she could do it for my birthday this Friday. This guy sounds like a good case. Yeah, I mean it's tough. I get home, I leave my house 7.30 in the morning, I come home 9 o'clock at night. And all you want is a little oral satisfaction. That's right. And you'll sleep better, you'll be happier. You'll leave some stress. You'll even do some chores around the house probably because it just doesn't matter after that. What's your name? My name is Alexandra, the work side of New Jersey. Alright, hold on a minute. We're going to give her a call right now. Thank you. We've got to take care of this. Yeah, this sounds bad. Hello? Yes. Hi, this is Opienander. Can I help you? Yes, we're calling you. How are you? Fine. Have you heard about our Tuesday Night Hummer Club? No. Well, Anthony, why don't you explain it to her? Well, you've been married four years now to Anthony. Yes. And over those four years maybe things, maybe they're a little different than they were when you first got together. Yes. Well, that happens in every marriage, I know. I've been married for a while now. And there's a certain thing that guys really enjoy that would really make them happy. And that's why we started this Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Geez, I don't know how to put this. Well, Anthony is wondering if you would give him a hummer tonight. Hello? Hello? Hello? Alex? Hello? Dude, she hung up, man. Oh, man. She hung up. Oh my God. This is a lot more serious than we first thought. Houston, we have a problem. Wow. We might have made it even worse for you. My wife is a little bit more serious than I thought. We might have made it even worse for you. My wife laughs, so she has a bit of a temper. You know what the funny thing is, guys? I took her out of the ghetto, and this is the thanks I get. A new house, a new car, a beautiful daughter. Wait a minute, should we call her back? Maybe she misunderstood. Maybe if I just tell her to listen to you guys, maybe she doesn't know I'm there, too. All right. All right. Well, dude, we're going to have to let you fly on this one. All right. Let us know what happens. I'll give you guys a call. All right, man. Bye. There is no way we're calling her back. No, no, no. There is no love connection there tonight. She just hung up on us. She didn't want to acknowledge us. That poor guy. Sometimes we do. It's like a gamble. You take a gamble. You might get the hummer, or you might just make it ten times worse. Yeah, we make it worse for some couples and we could make dreams happen as well. All right, Anthony, we got to talk about Take Paws real fast here. Uh-oh, Christmas coming up. What do you do, Opie? What do you do? Well, you look for something different and special. And I think Take Paws might be your ticket if you got someone special in your life. I think you're right. There's a bunch of cute jungle animals. That's what they are. We've seen them. They look great. They're well-made. And I think anybody would love getting one of these. You feel loved, yes, with a cat one. Well, they're tigers. They got the white Bengal tiger. They got the leopard. They got the panther, lion, or Siberian tiger. And they're collectibles just like the beanie babies and hummels and stuff like that. Other family members will follow once this first generation is retired. So they're going to retire it, which will make it more valuable for you. Right. And they're very cool. Anthony brought one home to his wife, Jennifer, and she absolutely loved it. You figured she would probably throw it in the corner with the rest of her stuffed animals, maybe appreciate it for a couple hours and then just kind of throw it aside, right? Yeah. But this one, it's really lifelike. It looks at you. Its eyes kind of follow you around. It's got real life eyes. It scares the hell out of our cats. Really? Yeah. Like we have one of our cats walks up to it and like taps it on the nose. Like, it runs away. That's pretty cool. And you don't have to take our word for it. If you're on line right now, you can go to their website and check out some pictures of the Take Paws pets. Their website is www.takepawswithaz.com 1027W on EW, the Rock of New York, two for Tuesday with Live. That's pain lies on the riverside from mental jewelry and lightning crashes before that. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey, on the way, we're going to be doing another episode, I guess, of the Furby Police, Anthony. Furby Police. We've got a lot of people selling Furbies, those cuddly little pieces of crap that people are paying upwards of $500 a clip for. For a kid's toy that costs $29.95. Yeah, so people are selling these in the newspaper. And we give them hell. We call up their number and give them the hell that they so rightly deserve. Yes, and Dan sent an email. It says, call these dickheads and give them some ass. It's an ad for Furbies. Only a few left unopened in box, $300 to $500 each. Call Blah Blah Blah in Jersey. All right, we'll do that one next. All right. And we're going to play another song from Stephen Lynch in a little while. Good, which one? The Lullaby that he sung to his little daughter after his wife left him. Very touching song. Whoa! That's a great song to crank out tonight, huh? Yeah. As we get new members to the Tuesday Night Hammer Club, it's 2 for Tuesday with Van Halen, Ice Cream Man, and Where Have All the Good Times Gone. Both songs are very appropriate for a lot of couples out there. Thus, the Tuesday Night Hammer Club. Anthony? Yes. How many new members do you think we're initiating as we do our program today? You know, I can't even imagine. I don't know. It's got to be thousands. I think we're going to get thousands of new members this week. I think so. Very cool. Very cool. I like hearing from you guys as you're getting on the highway on the way home. Thanks for that. We appreciate it. What is up with that? I don't know. Dangerous. I mean, we're happy for you, but I just don't want to hear the guys. Well, yeah, you can figure it out. Yeah. I'd rather hear the girl. But okay. Wow. All right. Anyway, on the way, we got the Furby Police. We've been calling this guy, but so far we're getting a machine. That's why we'll keep trying, obviously. Yeah. But we've got to get these people. Yeah, because this guy is just selling Furbies like they're going out of style. We've got an ad here from someone that Dan sent it in to us. They're just selling them for between $300 and $500 each for a Furby doll. Come on. They only have a few left. They're in unopened boxes. Some guy in Jersey. So we'll do that in a little bit. Okay. One oh two seven WNEW, the Rock of New York, two for Tuesday with Pearl Jam, immortality from Vitalogy, an elderly woman behind the counter in a small town. My personal favorite, Anthony. Yeah, I know that. I say it every time we play it. Yeah. All right. It's just, God, there's a bunch of people on hold that are becoming members of the club as we speak. It's great. We know it. It's just the way it is. People love it. We love the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Let's talk to one of these guys. IAW. Hey, I joined the club. Congratulations. Hey, you know, last couple weeks ago, there was only a partial member tonight. Full-born member, if you know what I mean. When did it go down, so to speak? About an hour ago. Right on. You guys are dynamite. Love listening to you. You were listening to our show when it was going down? Yeah, sure was. God, what were we talking about? What song were we playing? I don't remember now. I was busy concentrating on other things. Good boy. Good boy. Thanks a lot. Take it easy. Congratulations. Thanks. Bye. Look how happy that guy is. I know. Amazing. It's only Tuesday. It's only Tuesday, and now he's got the rest of the week to look forward to. He's very happy and content. He had a Friday attitude right there. Yeah. You know? Yeah. There's about ten others on hold just waiting to talk to us, to bow to us. I'm assuming if we get you guys hummers that you've got to become faithful listeners of our show after that. We need a little payback here. I mean, that's why we're trying this stuff. You're not going to get fat rocky. You won't get hummers over there. No, you won't. It ain't happening. No. Homo urban station that just changed over? Yeah. That ain't going to get you hummers. No. Mike and the Mad Dog, they're too busy talking about the NBA strike. They're not going to get you hummers. They're still taking calls over there on the fan. Wait until the Jets touchdown. Mike, I don't think that was a touchdown. Yeah, you're right. You know, I think he was short of that, and the replay showed that. Yeah, thanks, man. You're on the air. Hey, this is Mike and the Mad Dog. Mike and the Mad Dog. Yeah, what can I do for you? Well, I want to get off the subject a little bit and talk about something completely different. Okay. Man, I don't think that was a touchdown, that Jets game, huh? Well, I think they need to bring the replay back, huh? Yeah, I think maybe they've got to bring that replay back. You know, you get that over there, and here we're getting you hummers. We're getting you hummers, for God's sake. That's pretty amazing if you think about it. What else do we have to do? Right. That is pretty amazing. Yeah, well, just trying to make you happy. If you look at your options on the dial, I think this is the place to be on Tuesdays, at least. Yeah. We've got to come up with a theme every day of the week, and we'll be all set, I think. All right, do we have time to try this guy selling the Furbies again? Yeah, this guy just deserves some pounding. Yes, I want to thank Dan, I shouldn't give his last name, of Park Ridge, New Jersey. He found an ad, and this reads here, call these dickheads and give them some S. Furbies for sale, only a few left, unopened, in a box, three to five hundred dollars each. Come on. Call blah blah at blah blah. Gives the name of the guy, his first and last name and everything. So, we obviously got to mess with this guy a bit here. Of course. What angle do you want to take? Well, Opie, I might be representing the toy company. Really? Yes. Who are you? I'm an attorney. Let's just leave it at that. You're an attorney? Yes. All right, let's give this guy a call and mess with him a little bit. It's the Furby police, everyone. Hello, is this the F***ville residence? Yes, it is. You have an ad in the newspaper. Right. My name is Barry Levin. I'm an attorney for Hasbro Toys. Right. What are you selling these for? How much, sir? At this point, we haven't made a price yet. Well, we've done a few preliminary calls and you are charging and exorbitant amount of money for these toys. Do you know this is illegal, sir? I thought as of last year, it wasn't illegal. Well, it is very illegal. Now, how much have you made selling these, sir? As of right now, nothing. That is not the information I have. Nope. I have that you have made quite a few dollars off of these toys. Well, I don't know where you got that information from. Believe me, this is a serious matter. I wouldn't start laughing. I'm not laughing, sir. You're at 394 M*** Avenue? Yes. Okay, how do you feel we should resolve this, sir? You tell me. You're an attorney. I'm trying to... listen to me. I am listening. Buddy, I'm trying to make it easy for you, sir. Okay. I'm trying to make it easy for you. You be honest with me. You know, as of last year, the law says you could spend up to 15 years in prison for this, sir. No, I didn't. Do you know that, sir? I just told you that as of last year, from what I heard, it wasn't illegal. Now, you tell me how much you've made from these. I told you, as of right now, nothing. You're lying. Now, why would I lie to you, sir? To stay out of trouble, probably. No, if I'm trying to stay out of trouble, I'm telling you what I know. I told you I haven't sold any as of yet. Mr. B*** Bill, how many do you have in your possession right now? Ten. Well, actually less than ten. Well, what is it? Ten, five, you know, anything more than ten, you could get 30 years in prison. And people in prison don't take too kindly to people selling children's toys for large amounts of money, sir. Now, how many do you have? I'm trying to get two more and I have one, two, three, like five. And I'm trying to buy five. I was going to buy five for someone else. Where did you get these, sir? At a toy store. At a toy store? Yes. Is there a park nearby your house, sir? A park? That maybe we can meet at and settle this like gentlemen? How would that be? You say you have ten of these left? No, I have five. I'm trying to buy five. You have five left. Five for 75 each or for someone else. 75 each. So you're going to be selling them for a lot more than that, I take it. No, I told you, Mr. B*** Bill. Probably, probably. If I was going to sell them, I would try and get like 125. 125. Yes. All right, I'll tell you what. What's the name of the park near your house? B*** Park. All right, here's the deal. Meet me at B*** Park in two hours. Bring the five remaining Furby dolls. Give them to me. End the B*** job and I'll let you go. You keep dreaming. I'm serious, Mr. B*** Bill. I'm serious with you too, sir. You know this is a crime. Five years in prison or B*** me. Do you know that I have you on tape, sir? Five years in prison or B*** me. I have you on tape, sir. He was stuttering there for a little while. I like the choice of music for the Furby police. How did Charlie's angels get on it? I don't know, but... I'm thinking of... Angels, angels, there are Furbies. I'm thinking of big cans now. I am too. Sheryl Ladd, the underwater scene. Nice pair of Furbies. Started out with SWAT, went into the rookies, and ended with Charlie's angels. There you have it, the Furby police and the Hopi and Anthony show. Anthony, cigars around the world. The original Cigar of the Month Club. Great idea for Christmas. You got a cigar aficionado around the house. You know, they go out and get their box of cigars. This is good. You can get cigars. You probably can't get around here. Yeah, you get to try a lot of different cigars. For only $24.95 per month plus shipping, Cigars Around the World sends five fresh hand-rolled cigars, a smokey newsletter, free cigar cutter, gift card, and more. And if you have a limited budget or you have a lot of money, Cigars Around the World can help you. They've got two to 12-month memberships available. Just call 1-800-FRESH-66. What are some of the cigars they've had in the past, Anthony? Well, I'll be Arturo Fuente for one. How about Dunhill or Montague? Hmm. Not bad. From around the world, Opie. Also, Cigars Around the World offers a wide array of fine accessories such as humidor, lighters, ashtrays, books, and much more. Call today to place an order or receive a catalog. I call my humidor Monica. I knew that was coming. So did she. Come on, man. Someone spent a lot of money for this live room. I know. It's Cigars Around the World. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Call today. Go, Winsky. Yeah, I liked it when I first heard it. I thought you guys were in. All right. All right. Wow. That was really a good job. Hi, Go, Winsky. That's Zanerific. Check, please. They probably heard it on the Scott and Todd Show and decided to recycle it to our listeners. Great. Thanks for that. That's awesome. Super Tuesday. Mama Ken, same old song and dance. I'm the Rock of New York, 1027W and EW. Congratulations once again to Mike Moran of Paramus, New Jersey. He was the winner of the Joe Perry private guitar lesson and the Gibson guitar during the Aerosmith Tigger Blitz weekend we did this past weekend. This coming weekend, we got family four packs to see Roger Daltry in a Christmas carol at the theater at Madison Square Garden. That's going to be cool. Roger D. Did you see that last year, the Christmas carol? No. No, you saw... Never mind. You saw Tommy. Yeah, that was... was that last year? Yeah. No, Tommy was a few years ago. I saw that and then Quadrophenia. No, well, wait. They went around and did... Which one was with Billy Idol, Tommy? Quadrophenia. Quadrophenia? Yeah. Okay. And what did Billy Idol play in that? Oh, you know, he was the punky guy. Yeah, okay. And who else was in it? Who's that guy? Hey, Gary Glitter. Gary Glitter, yeah. Right before he got arrested for kiddie porn. Exactly. Oh, the bell boy. Oh, the bell boy, yeah, that was it. Thanks, Carol. Appreciate it. Billy Idol, bell boy. Yeah. Jesus. Right in the mouth. That was so important for our show. Thanks, Carol. Couldn't do it without you. She's just trying to help open. I understand that. We love Carol now. Right, Carol? Okay, great. All right, where were we? Oh, now I'm supposed to find out where we were. Okay, great. Oh, now I'm supposed to find out where we were. I know that the phone lines are very busy. See, now she has to come in. I'll tell you how much I love you. I'm not even putting a mic on for you, so you better shout. Don't put a mic on. I love you guys. I said we love you now. I'm cool. Okay. Aren't you happy I didn't resign? No comment. I said I like you, but I'm not going there. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You do sound great on the air, Carol. Okay, bye-bye. All right. At least you don't play solitaire during your show like other jocks around here. I'm waiting to say that for two hours because someone screwed up our music earlier. You might have been listening. Okay, great. That was way too inside for the listeners. All right. We got this lady standing by. She's got a solution for the ladies out there that may be too busy to give their men or man a Hummer. All right. She's got some kind of wacky scheme. Okay, let's listen. Let's take a listen. Hi, Andy W. Hi. Hi. I have a solution for that evil woman you spoke to last week. Okay. I did this two years ago with my boyfriend. It's a schedule of Hummer points. For all the help he gives me around the house, he earns Hummer points. And 20 Hummer points he can transfer in for a Hummer. Wow, that is cool. And let's see. What is the point system? Give us some examples. Washing dishes was one Hummer point per item washed. Vacuuming was five points. Dinner meal preparation was for a full dinner was 15 points. Burgers was eight points. What? If he called for delivery he got one point. If he paid for it he got five. Nine. Points must be earned and presented prior to receiving any portion of a Hummer. No credit will be given under any circumstances. Hummer points may be redeemed Monday through Friday, 9 to 11. Saturday, Sunday and holiday hours will be determined on a per day basis in conjunction with planned activities and the whereabouts of the Humm givers' children. Hummer points are not transferable except to my close friends. Not transferable. And can be redeemed only by an experienced Hum giver. Do not try and redeem these points with an amateur no matter how tempting it may seem. Fraudulent redemption may result in extreme damage to the Hummies' personal property. Now I did this two years ago. It worked great. He worked his butt off. He was a happy man. So the girl who had too much to do, and that's what she had two jobs, she had kids, she was helping with the homework last week, this would have worked. Of course it would have. And then you have little tickets that have one Hummer point per and five Hummer points and you hand them to him when he does his stuff. When he collects his 20 he turns them in. Now how many Hummers was he getting a month? My house was so clean you have no clue. And his pipes were very clean. It was a wonderful thing. It really was. This is bribery. I don't like it. I like it a lot. This is not bribery. Oh my God. The grand poohva likes this. I was settled for this in a second. Hopefully you're being manipulated by this. No way. I'm like. No, come on. Wait, wait, wait. I'm on your side this time. Well then you better explain it to the people. I work full time. I have two kids. The spirit of the Tuesday night Hummer Club has nothing to do with working for it. I bet you if we took a poll right now. Wait, wait, wait. I bet you if we took a poll right now there are guys that would go for this idea in a second. All they had to do was vacuum four times a week. Oh my God. Vacuum four times a week. There's your poohva. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. There's your poohva selling you down the road. Wait a minute. Poohva is selling you out guys. If I was guaranteed to get a Hummer every time I collected 20 points just doing stupid chores around the house, I would easily go for that. Not the spirit of the Hummer Club which is just to please get a Hummer. Now we're into housework and chores. No, no, no. We're into a solution. Point systems. This is exactly how things stop happening in a relationship. We gotta start somewhere though. Because all the guys who are calling are saying the wives work. They got this. They're too tired. They're too this. You're gonna keep them from getting tired? Oh, no. Oh, he loves it. Great. There's your poohva guys. There's your poohva. Now go put on your apron guys and vacuum and do the dishes to earn your Hummer. Amen. That's great. I think you're onto something. If you were gonna get a woman to follow you around on her knees while you're doing this you wouldn't be doing it. Great. There you go. Well thank you. Take a survey. All right. Okay. Bye. Bye guys. Wonderful. Great, great. Good. So you know what happens after time? The guy doesn't do the work and the girl doesn't give the Hummers. And what do you have? Marriage. You have the exact problem we were trying to remedy with the point system that your poohva people just agreed with and thought it was a great idea. Well, what other great ideas do you have up your sleeve? Poova. Well, I am the acting grand poohva because I finally became a member last week Anthony. Man, screwing it up pretty quick. I'll be honest. It's not fun being the grand poohva of this club. There's too much pressure. So when you come up with dopey ideas like that and I have a tape that proves that it was Opie's idea for the three month limit on the Hummer club, on the three month membership expiration. Meaning you only had to get a Hummer every three months? That wasn't the essence of it but you turned around and said that that's what I said. Meanwhile, I have a tape in my possession that has Opie saying that there should be a three month limit. That was Opie's idea and now he puts this girl on the air that's talking about point systems and work. Yeah guys, great. What is he? A guy's got to be like Paul Ingalls out in the field or turning butter before he can get a Hummer now? Now Anthony, where is this so-called tape? I have it. Where? Right in my bag. And I've made other copies. I put one in my safety deposit box that if anything should happen to me it's to be played. And this will show that I am guilty of suggesting that memberships run out if you don't get a Hummer every three months. Yes. There's your pooh bah. This tape right here? Yes it is. What I need you guys to do is to explain to my husband on the air that he doesn't have to renew his membership every week. Well, the rule states that once you're in you're in. Honestly I think there should be an expiration date on. Oh no no no no no. I don't know what you're talking about. Here you go. No no no. Here you go. Let the tape play. No no where did you get that tape? Truth. Let the truth come out. No no no. Look at you. I don't know what you're talking about. There's your pooh bah people. He doesn't even want the truth to come out. You were the one who suggested the three month rule. Nope. Meaning guys only get it once every three months. I have the tape. If you let the tape play you will see that you suggested it. Look at the time. You gotta go. Fine. I think enough information has gone out that the people can make up their own minds and realize that they're pooh bah, opie, Mr. One Week I Got a Hummer Ago. Whatever. One Week I Got a Hummer Ago. Whatever. What the hell am I saying? Listen man. You know Rick destroyed this tape. I don't care. I have more. I have plenty. I'm not falling for that one again where Rick smashes it. Your puppet over there. A puppet for the corporation. Well, we obviously don't have time to play this tape so I guess we'll have to play it on a future Opien Anthony show. I'm in no rush. The truth will come out. They've heard enough already Mr. Do Your Chores for a Hummer. Come on guys. Earn those points. Was that ever what it was about? Can I end the show as the grand pooh bah by congratulating all the new members of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. You make me sick. And we'll congratulate the people that will become members later on tonight as well. Okay. All right. And this so-called tape I guess we could let it ride on a future episode of the Opien Anthony show. Right. All right. Right here in my bag. All right. We'll see you tomorrow at three. Is it true that the pork man is coming in tomorrow to sing Christmas songs? Yeah, that's what I hear. Pork delivery guy. The guy that throws the menus under your door and drives the bicycle.