 one of his family and i think that we have a right to be a really young of course it's open at the end and we are a writer studio is filled right now i want that kind of me going around and looking at hanging the and eating out of the tours that cookies yes they had a ralph congrats on your first day they did it is a right one yeah that's the right one thank you missus t she said the cookies i must say the first uh... shows i must say we are finally moving forward here denny w yes we are very very excited at the uh... hiring of ralph to torrent a guy i grew up listening to you were co-workers weren't you we are co-workers for many years i'm very very happy with this higher i must say because we're missing about everything else around here i think the other call letters or no uh... yeah we say b a b a ralph there was a lot self of the long island contingency yes and i'd like to think about lucky buckman for more than a few hundred dollar we got to draw the line somewhere that it's a crime out loud now it is a fact that i think that's what i think that it ends with the ralph but uh... i used to cut school and check out our out on the radio and said that when i was just a punk i'm still a part of the really really good about the fact that i got a job now but i just want to welcome ralph i'm serious i was so excited say is like what's wrong with you because i took my lunch and i sat in front of my stereo cranking up ralph today because you never listen to me though the way to know how to make it shut up and start listening now because i'm excited once again well is that we're moving forward uh... the papers are still printing on that uh... three people are upset about david not so i are you on a star with that well yeah we had a bunch of articles over the weekend a barge they doubt they just can't stop writing about opiate anthony's and it's interesting to keep uh... writing about is make sure you get our names right that's all we care about this is my favorite david hinkley who uh... writes for the daily news god we gotta call him because i am convinced this is a job it's gotta be a joke it has to be it has to be yes let's say a couple of the notes that came here on former n.e.w. d.j. scott muni dave herman two long-time voices of new york radio cut loose by the station on november thirteenth these are letters from toms river new jersey i guess scott never fired because they were deemed too old to rock and roll if that's so how come no one told the old jocks over at cbsf m can we start there uh... because cbsf m is an oldie station yes so there's all jocks over there ron london's cbsf m hello love that's fine but when you're trying to rock and get an attitude here like any w used to have you can have that and let's just uh... put it straight here that they weren't fired zero their fire because they didn't do anything in the ratings for many many years right we live and die by the ratings in the radio world tell works uh... continuing anyway i stopped listening to any w when they brought in those two jerks all p and opi all and this is interesting i'm dopy this time yeah usually it's doping and anthony but this time it's all p and opi can i say that you want to get to us please don't use the opi and opi are dopey and it and you know i'm not funny and all that stuff about something better because it doesn't bother us we've heard it before i don't come up with some of the make us chuckle right who wants to listen to to howard stern wannabes or howard stern himself for that matter i think uh... hell of a lot of people listen to have worked uh... i think so okay uh... you know as well as i do that scotty pioneer the very format howie baby claims is his domain no howie ought to kiss scott's but scott was in the rock format and howard stern is in the talk format so williams talking at his ass william haye is uh... yes from toms river new jersey is speaking out of his ass yes and then we go on to see the rest and he can you know what this is real and i'm listening to any w for forty years probably longer no more no way if you think i used to put my radio on it seven a m but i turned it off in the afternoon because i can't stand those two idiots who who was she talking about i thought maybe it was ralph uh... uh... yes give ralph some time i don't listen to howard stern or i miss you i just don't appreciate their humor i guess it's my age but bring back scott muni and dave herman and i think now cedar harest eighty-year-old lady writing a letter to david hinkley any princess david should know that we're not going for eighty-year-old listeners here at any w yeah yeah all we we we really were trying for that lucrative eighty-year-old women uh... rating so we can uh... tell sales they could start buying up those depend on the garment spots yet does arbitrage even rate eighty-plus i don't think so no they don't so i don't know what we what he was getting out of david is getting at my printing these uh... these letters are these maybe the only letters he got about the subject uh... whether any more people that are relevant to this to the twentieth century and these people right i don't know maybe we ought to talk to david because of david wants complaint letters we could hand them up a ton of uh... only letters that are much better than the ones he printed i think he was going for the ones that uh... were pro scott and dave right and anti-opin Anthony yeah so the only way you can get those really are from the eighty-year-old because i think everyone else realize it was time to move on here right at this station hands ralph to tour everyone thank you thank you ralph thank you ralph okay what do we get screwed for the job the magic of things uh... gales in today's paper and who i don't know we're in the paper all week so apparently everyone isn't rooting for jobs in my jail i don't be an anthony's every friday show someone made jill g the subject of that wish triggering around of marilyn roe jokes from the host it was a met fan that said after the manager of because he's clinging to life he's dying he's alive he's he's passed out he's playing poker the news of these helping out fellow patients right down east and the comment we said was you know it is in a rundown between life and death that's all we said and and all that's no different than the papers don't you have to be clipper rallying in the late innings right and they're saying the same thing in the newspapers print that stuff the daily news is trash in us for talking about your domestic or they already got your magic also bitch where he wrote in their job waiting for a so ourself right any other press you want to talk about now we have lawyers upstairs talking about friday show it's just a mess around here i was a mess well to seven w any doubly with our right in new york is open at the end if you want to send a fax into the show to one two nine five seven w any w i should just read a couple here at the main okay to be an anthony what is sunday for new york football fan and we need to do the best games in a long time could it be the jets heading for division title first one since nineteen sixty nine let's keep our fingers crossed and no matter how bad the giant season might be they still beat the broncos go new york let's hear it for the both teams where's all these hundred dollars anthony i'll give you a hundred dollars but i got some to say uh... anthony where's all these hundred dollars they're coming in like crazy screw uh... the giants we've got to say screw big blue this is my personal opinion book and i tell us of all they said they saw call all season and now they decide that they got a uh... play against denver well let me first start by saying i'm more of a jet stand in june stand but on friday i did say that uh... the chance would be easily cover the spread and would possibly be the broncos for the biggest upset of the season big blue big blow you didn't believe me you bet me a hundred dollars i win i want my money all right don't worry about it i don't well shan what's your problem with uh... big blow they played a great game yesterday what why can't they do that uh... consistently i'll tell you why cuz they they decide because all the uh... hype and pressure about playing an undefeated team that now they're going to decide to play now it's important i'll tell you they do it from the beginning all p i'll tell you what okay go ahead okay a lot of people out there think the giants have a really bad team they don't have a bad team they have a horrible offense in general okay they have a very very good defense the problem this year is that the defense for big blow has spent a lot of time on the field and their poll is pretty much wear out the defense and finally start scoring because the giants can't get anything going offensively this year the like the little did like the gorky kid that that rex it for the the real athletes what do you mean uh... come on denver going on the way to be undefeated and and and uh... the crap all the team has to be a dumb way do you want to that horse to the quarterback to go on the field this year and what the giants to be done by the lines that deserve to uh... no one in new york wants to see john l way have an undefeated season i'm sorry i'm sorry and giants didn't deserve to beat them they played like that uh... they played a great game yesterday yes so it was that they could play a good game you're just better because you lost a hundred dollars please now my team the jets look at a fantastic last night very good yes you're absolutely right and i'm i'm excited for uh... then go out to buffalo and kicking the bill's ass and winning a division what it does that i'm happy for you if they can have so happy for you it all i ask is that if bill parcels could just put away that stupid timing pattern play that he likes to do really you know the time and i don't play to the core of the end zone now i wasn't familiar with that open seriously i'm not i'm not i've been a few like a r or or do you care or you want me to just a mobile i'd i don't know i basically pay you money so i don't feel very good i don't get basically it's a play where many you know steps back and just causes it to the core of the end zone okay well both of you know guys are running it's it's called the uh... a timing pattern right it doesn't work and yesterday they throw it again and they got intercepted in a and i was just very frustrated the week uh... prior to that uh... they tried to a three times it doesn't work get rid of it i don't i personally don't uh... think that was a giant touchdown yesterday either uh... ike i saw that i saw the official come in and he waved it off shut up and then i feel somebody else had to come in another official and and given the touchdown i'd personally that uh... now i i saw the replay right i thought i'll think it's a like yeah that's not a doubt that school and that is not a touchdown i see the replays like alright that is so it's not a point you were losing a hundred dollars to they were going to cover the point spread i didn't know well they can't even hold on to a ball i thought maybe uh... they could have uh... and before we finish our sports break here met sonny ricky henderson what is who's really excited about this ricky ought to keep his mouth shut and count his blessings he's already saying you know they're better than anything that's a better than the yankees people that's what i he's saying now let me tell you know thing here i'm more of a mess in the yankees fan i think this ricky henderson signings is stupid you're a shut up did people forget that his average drastically dropped to like two thirty last year the guy can't hit anymore now he could still run like a mother i get like a lot mother i get excuse me all age yeah all hot hot mulligan all of them because still run for you on a car i get a lot of other right met signing ricky stupid uh... right not bright thank you well i i i thought you were going off a little more about it uh... earlier when i heard you are saying uh... telling me about ricky saying that uh... the match building the then the yankees what did you say he's on drugs they're not a pimple on them at the beginning of a pimple on the eighties and why pearl dead fighting words are all huge huge and different and uh... they gave ricky henderson uh... william a's number yeah come what they thought that now granted william a's had a couple of really bad years with the mad but it's still william a's now and only one of the guy since may's retired for the number it was like a fluke or something i work for half a season of some stupid and i was part of ricky's demands anyone has twenty four so have fun with your little number twenty four ricky uh... it's just a stupid stupid trade well stay tuned for more on my command dog uh... well this whole town's excited right now you know both teams look great both policies look great uh... over the weekend trying to uh... dollars and they may prove they can be a team like denver what the hell happened in the rest of the year that was going to happen with so much pressure they could play like that all the time i want to hear it anthony was going to happen eventually cuz they have a very good defense they get their offense figure on the uh... the offseason they're gonna have a pretty good uh... team next year it takes all the hype for them to perform perform out before the hype uh... yet uh... just take the last time uh... wane shepard and old dylan song everything is broken it's open and then i meant rocket and rolling here yeah and uh... we we were talking on the way in and we both uh... got rocked into getting our christmas trees uh... today well it's it's christmas christmas time you have to go out and get everything and get you i was supposed to do yesterday but um... how was it happening long over well i want to brunch into a a few but those branches where you pay a ten bucks for the food in the bill comes in you drink a hundred dollars bloody marys and mimosas and yeah so uh... we were supposed to get the christmas tree went to brunch and then uh... and is what the chance and uh... and happen can't get the trick that happened and play that it is a dream ball get the tree to jump to see can't get the tree that i was a mess yes we got it today well i i i got yesterday and uh... i don't know i'd probably should have tied it on the top of the car but they even have i guess sports truck and my name and but seats down throw in the back let's go i don't want to wait around so many people to my car you can you put on time i know i i guess that's the whole deal you put on top and tie it down i couldn't be bothered as i just throw in the back of my car were out of here and have a rack on top to the united so you you barely even have to tie it and you're right on what can i tell you so i could get away with it told the dead thing out maybe that i got a bad tree because there's probably needles in my car right now that's you know that's you in your car now it's gonna pine needles in it yes say we have we get these arguments uh... all the eats in my car and i hated eats in his car and now he puts trees in there and his needles all over i'd hide the tree to my roof will make those not to get me as inside let me tell you so i was buying uh... sports utility trucks way before they became pass a pass and not pass a way before they became popular sorry i had to run work and uh... i'd use my sports utility truck for what it was built for you throw the stuff in the back and yet and you go four wheel and then you go see it but the tree can go on top i guess you're right well i put the tree on top of the and that's my fifty dollar tree stand was in the back who liked what you've got a well over the past few years i've had quite a difficult time with tree stands first i went with the red and green metal one that you remember when you were a kid with the green arms yeah i i've got a little yeah i'm past that stage that things a nightmare and and you can never get it straight and never stand up straight is a straight straight up okay you lean away and it's it's tilted and you try to pull it in the water in their last for three minutes right and but when you use that stand you got a like use the rope to tie it to doors and stuff you do not secure it's gonna fall over exactly last year i'd throw that one away and i get the big green one that fits like it a gallon of water this got the big screws that screw right into the okay that's the one i got what was the problem with that well this is a heavy base you can get a lot of water and the screws are kind of a pain to screw into the general what if if it's going to lean over on you the damn thing is going to tip over on you did you get it straight up and down it looked pretty straight and it would look pretty straight yeah you wait the content so i got uh... is talked into getting this stand how much did the trees there they cost a little bit of a box fifty dollars for a tree stand you've got to be lying this thing is this thing there that is worth fifty dollars well lp but you you put this that with with uh... the the stem of the tree goes you you you put it into this big round unit that has these gear looking things on the gears then you pop it into the trees that and it swivels up and you can adjust it uh... until it's great so it's kind of locked in place with like a ball bearing type of thing it's this big gap ball joint with gears on it all right i got teeth on it and then you move it until where you get you got and get it straight and then you push this pedal and it locks it in place so it's straight up and down oh my god how did i make in so many years without the fifty dollar tree stand that did you see the advertisement for the tree stand after brunch yesterday or before brunch that's all i want to know all maybe that's uh... yeah uh... we think that's not like one of those late night gadgets you say discussed it during brunch you got talked into the fifty dollar tree stand here after some absolute uh... your tree stand cost more than your tree at this point i think you're right and i can't wait for the tree stand to go bad and you can't hear him and you can go play because you know it's going to happen for fifty dollar tree stand you know i didn't really think about it so now what's wrong with you know i'm in the tree well we don't now the trees just kind of there i don't know when i'm going to decorate it now you know one step at a time you left it out on the porch or something for a whole night without water uh... get those needles be fall off in a week really only needed to last what where we down to ten days and i was done with christmas shopping at right now i don't i only need to last ten days i know when these people that keep it up until february uh... that's me crip really christmas is over let's get them tree of the house and move on with our lives and and they believe we had a great christmas i like having a fire hazard in the living room really guy you take it out in early february and this just not thousands upon thousands of needles somewhere was standing all the way to the front door we tried to know right yet anthony pepsi one but they see you got a bottle of it in your hand there i was brought a uh... bottle of this now one thing i think you know about me i drink a lot of soda i hate diet soda so when i was handed this on my time let me taste it he's tasting the the pepsi one doesn't taste like diet soda really it doesn't i grew up with my mother with a refrigerator full of diet soda and i used to steal it we can't let me drink this for your track yeah uh... you know when i was twelve right guys like it was horrible because it had a saccharin this doesn't have saccharin no sugar it's a brand new pepsi one and it tastes like regular cola uh... that doesn't taste like a pepsi soda at all it doesn't taste like diet it tastes like regular okay i like it and no other software and has this new sweetener i'm told no it's special it's very special yes i see you're just about done with that pepsi one there's i must be enjoying it is it about three or four sodas per show and it's never diet because diet sodas always taste horrendous okay they have that aftertaste but this uh... it tastes like okay taste like pepsi anthony cigars around the world the original cigar the month club this is a great idea for christmas you don't want to go trudging around the malls it's a crowded you can't park you could do this by phone a website if you have a cigar aficionado that you know or somebody that you think might like cigars for our christmas i don't smoke a lot of cigars but if someone gave this to me this holiday season i'd be pretty stoked and i quite a lot of this is kind of cool and for only twenty four ninety five per month plus shipping cigars around the world since five fresh hand-rolled cigars a smoking newsletter free cigar cutter gift card and more and they offer you'd like to twelve month memberships they're available you just give them a call one eight hundred fresh sixty six you know i tried this weekend i tried well one of their on makers mark burton allows the one that is a god yeah yeah can see all i felt like uh... felt like a big way after losing my shirt with uh... zoom dot com in the stock market i felt like a real stock market big way to feel like a player yeah i was a player and just a minute and smoke your big fat cigar yes it was a good seriously it was good also market cigars around the world in mccall one eight hundred fresh sixty six one oh two seven w any doubt that you are right in new york the waitresses christmas wrapping gotta play that every year i guess i was a tradition as long as we're not playing the happy hannukkah song by adam sandler happy uh... hannukkah cnk bob bob bob well i love christmas controversy here at the radio station opening well uh... obviously uh... i don't think everybody knows but with w i n s wins ten ten wins news is upstairs we got to meet the gang at our christmas party friday yes we did high the time from ten ten wins this is my friend bob bob and then they can only talk to us in ten minute intervals what was that all about yeah that you give us twenty two minutes uh... tell you my life but that that that is going to be done you know for all the people you know but i don't get to be a at the bar on the ones quickly on the ones yeah every every five minutes someone had to leave another guy had to come up with the time and now with the financial report and then i you guys are called it was great to meet them and other boss introduces us to the whole staff because a lot of the the winds people i want to know what we look like all my guy one of the a whole look like basically yeah that was pretty much if you don't like the up on the dance floor you know uh... we had our party at christmas party and he goes i want to bring up all the and anthony down so i think it's a bit look like you know say a couple of words i had told everybody it wins that i love their traffic on the ones yes and they appreciated that yes i will a little pause nearly anthony then i give open the mike and what did you say open to better traffic is never accurate yeah and they're all i got out of the in the whole night people coming up to me going i love your show at boy you're the you're the nice one i hate that all b what was he saying about our traffic i think they take it seriously that's their did that's what they do that's a whole day that they did their their new york up there when they they did the news happens and and traffic and what they they know it they tell it in your bullfin on and then our boss got her vote me in a really bad position i thought you get fired at the christmas party you hear the horror stories every year that people get fired at the christmas party stuff yeah he looks at me and it gives me the mike again says oh but i i bet you're wondering how many people are part of the tuesday night armor club in the room and and i'm here talking like this wives and husband has dressed up you know obviously a lot of people just simply not into what you and i do yeah like that i was going to have to do that so i turn around and go actually boss everyone wants to know if you remember the tuesday night over club and also the whole place was like did he just say that and i was just talking to him how could he get fired so fast oh no and then the boss drastically changed the subject and said okay it's time to dance whatever we moved on but uh... yes we did we were big hit at the christmas party it was fun i like meeting all those people yeah it was great uh... meeting carol miller six-foot eight husband who values tall who looked at me the whole night like you want to kill me well our little controversy a couple months back but uh... nice gunny yet so it's fun to to meet the people that you trash at the holiday party uh... it was just brutal but there's a little controversy here now in the building upstairs uh... there's a little nativity scene on one of the tables up there and now it's starting up controversy worry i don't know it's like this whole thing going on you can put in the tivity scene and i think there's even a manor up there representing hanukkah and and there's still a problem because i don't think one's is represented is that what the problem is that i think so well let's get one of those quans uh... afro trees then is that what what is the because you got the manor for hanukkah yeah you got the nativity scene or a little christmas tree for uh... christmas yeah squandered i think it's like a little afro bush the chia head yeah i like it like that like a chia pet or something you grow the chia head afro or a bonsai tree that you shape into an afro i think that's what they do for quants of all is that it i think so i wasn't sure i didn't know if there was a uh... an ornament they could lay out that would represent quonser i'm not here in as much of about quonser this year as i did in years past now i don't know what i was going to be in maybe someone could explain that to us quonser uh... are african-american listeners maybe they can explain that to us was was there all those are like uh... you know where's our own all could maybe enlighten us on quonser i didn't even think of that because i don't consider our all black man does are also a break one's a i was there all and i will only got a celebrate quonser will find a rolling and get to the bottom of that yeah early as i was my he goes down the hall and why he's the white is black man you'll ever meet in your life that is the truth uh... so the cost of our since the winning end i don't know maybe they'll have to get rid of it i'd work my because that's how i hear their own pay our own stuff around well uh... what's what's up with quonser is it still the big thing i had no idea how to come in and you know it's not at all we celebrate christmas this year does the rest of the gang in the hood uh... celebrate quonser the people who they don't catch all the crap like killed my brother what you do it meant you had to celebrate the holiday of the devil man what you doing uh... on the other hand are you living in our town you're the white is black man alive point tells you guys to get up with quonser what you're doing with that white man's holiday now do you know what quons is all about the medical no clue honestly we're trying to find out if they have like a quonser afro uh... bush thing i don't think so to decorate anything yet it's got to be some kind of ornament i think it's more of a clothing thing is it like that big hat like that straight up and down happy that a bamboo stuff uh... i mean uh... who might go a lot snap down i see that uh... you know nothing about quonser really no said said the truth well well you know something we ought to enlighten ourselves a little bit yeah well listen to work on is all about it was a call and i know this certain on like st like uh... things there there are these ideals that quons is based on them i believe there are seven seven yes i'm not sure maybe someone can enlighten us son of quonser other any quonser songs yeah we can maybe we can make up a quonser song and but to be fun anthony good news are listeners came to the rescue and i found a quonser song thought it would be only fair to play a quonser song because we're playing all these all these christmas songs today okay so would you like to hear our quonser song are no way to find a bit yet okay what are you doing quonser song i don't think that is you're not i don't know much about ones i'm waiting for somebody to enlighten us about one of the fact that i wouldn't think this would be a quonser song and uh... sorry will keep trying to find a quonser song for the fine folks the right to new york one of two seven w any double you the latest from the gugu does that slide off their cd dizzy up the girl it's open and they came out for your monday phones a little slow every monday the phones the factors are a little slow people have to uh... recoup i think from the weekend i guess i understand that would have worked on on monday that they blew off on friday you know now this certain things i understand that but we try to pump out a lot of energy on monday's make believe it's like uh... a friday show answer so well if you want to have something they can tax lines two one two nine five seven w any double you what he got over there and then well i'll be uh... we were talking a little bit about the holidays uh... christmas we have our uh... christmas tree and uh... nativity scene hannukah has the manoran and we were wondering what quonser has yes and we don't understand quonser all that well no i'd seem to know there are seven principles of quonser don't they have like seven candles or something like that's not like the hannukah thing so i'm hitting the computer and i'm trying to research a little bit and see what these principles are and i can i found a couple so if you bear with me here's but these are the principles of uh... once a while i whipped this out that's what that's one that's one of the principal here here's another and where the white women and there's another one i'd i think this is the quonser site right now so it's based on seven principles and you are found to the spark and i hear the first one again because i talked over it okay alright excuse me while i whipped this out uh... and this one i can look for the rest and where the white women at and so you got to interesting you got to the principles and uh... you're looking for the other five and before someone kills me you're not alright all right man very nice and i think you very much that was no problem of the unbelievable and you have uh... are we going to expose some of radios deepest darkest secrets uh... yeah we can do that you want to know you want to wait we can do it now i guess yeah well i a m c dot box show where they expose the magicians tricks and i was the master of where exposing radio secrets exposed because there's a bunch of uh... jocks out there that are lazy they don't do their own stuff uh... they get things sent to him like scripts and and cds with bits on them and then they just playing like they're their own and make believe it's their stuff one thing and then there are jocks that'll just play like old comedy cds and yeah and that's as creative as they get anything to do and create radio so that they do some kind of like you know funny five o'clock five o'clock like that that's what a package stupid thing else let's play an old george carlin record and they have on funny and and uh... creative and entertaining yeah well regardless at least uh... there are a few people out there that that just do their own stuff but you like to do that our own stuff we try and uh... you know sometimes were successful and other times we fall on our face we know that but we're not going to take a pre-packaged thing and say it's you know our direct and terrible right at least we try yeah we'll give it a world so that said uh... does a comedy service that's been you know trying to get us to sign up with their little service and i think this will not take no for an answer first of all because this uh... there's no humor involved in the stuff whatsoever terrible and this comedy services in every city in america and they prepackaged this stuff in the morning show plays it and it and will make believe that it's their stuff yeah like they were up all night writing this right according to it'll be like a fake commercial or fake song yeah and you sit there at home and some people find it funny and then on and then they'll take the credit for it all right well with that said uh... i got the latest uh... offering from this comedy service now this is also a lot of these things work they send you a cd one half of a little scripted bit recorded on the cd yeah and then there's gaps in between that guy's part where the dj is supposed to interact yes with the person so that it makes it sound more real like they came right with it because now it's the guy's voice oh my god that they must have done this themselves yes it is uh... a rules right a clever rules so we want to try doing some of the material in the air show you how great it is and how funny it is let's see how it works out there this is absolutely historical stuff again understand why we don't want to sign up with them tomorrow at the night alright so this bitch called barney the red nose toady i will be the announcer and then i guess is a barney five character that is already pre-recorded and and everyone supposed to think he's there in the studio with the mister dj got him at his partner on cd and i'm going to be announced apart uh... live that sent out all over the country for many other bad jocks to you are a hundred hundred hundreds of stations do this i think it's funny and it's creative i let's see you do it i want to see if you can pull this off alright so it's barney the red nose toady here we go i start gm really in the christmas spirit today i feel full of the warm feeling of alone no it's barney i just had the bar jimmy today when i heard you talking how full of it you were uh... excuse me step on the right that's why i'm here to make your day a little brighter if you know what i mean when you go in party we get to the point please uh... uh... i'm here today to introduce you to a lovable new character who shared a bright new special season and many holiday season jerry uh... barney i don't know what you're talking about holder rain here's the time all right brother yet but i'm not going to send a clause frosty the green all of our characters let me introduce you to someone sure to become and forgettable christmas i can't all right you're not supposed to talk like that why are you putting that red rubber ball in your nose forgettable barney their red nose toady what a fact love and everything and if you want i will get a cup for you and i think that you are not baby and i don't understand what you need to do this is supposed to be funny will be you do a great life all if you want some coffee brewed a way to say that i thought you were the level tori and and we're going to get us all coffee but but all you want is money you're not as bad as you know you know what it's about party the red-nosed toady what's the fact that before you tell me to get out party all right well you're gonna have to make the party the red-nosed toady won't be bringing your coffee this year you all right later barney stick that nose of your eight so that's how a lot of those uh... radio bits where yeah boy that is just hysterically funny man if i heard that on the way to work in my car i'd be laughing so hard and i i would drive off the road anthony and they don't understand the call me every week saying why won't you sign up for our service to the plows you're pretty good fit now your lines and thank you didn't step on them but maybe two or three times and there was a huge long awkward gala one of his seven double-edged w the right to be a black rose taking my heart around from their city by your side which is coming out i think in early january at this point thank you ben january twelve and then you want to talk about your little weekend everyone's laughing on the whole radio station heard and maybe the open and listening audience should hear it after the uh... planning wide band why are you turning red that i would have a lot of your viewers read the mail i must say i before ben tells his uh... little story here we're giving away uh... black rose box sets all weekend long with the chance to win a trip to atlanta to see the black rose keep listening for for details but uh... on friday we had the any w slash wins christmas party it was a huge success yes it was and then uh... ben decided that uh... and said to go out there is a party and go out of that well we all went to mustang salads not to be confused with mustang uh... harry's on the road how we would have reason that salaries uh... and they're right next to each other and everyone was confused as well and we were supposed to meet at uh... harry's salaries well we all know that we are aware that harry's that where we you will be but we all stood out outside and we went over it as a group and said are we supposed to be a salary is a very few people idiots were all together let's just go right here and we did and we did have a great time watched uh... all we got a lot of that too watch the couple pretty much have to wait out and get it on in the booth now we're at mustang larry's right mustang harry's harry's okay and uh... well stand by the bar having to have in some drinks and we who looked over first uh... was in there was a new market i don't even know who was somebody just went and check that out and i look at the booth and there's a guy and a girl in the boosters going at it going out and the girls shirt was unbuttoned the guy's hand was in our shirt and her hand was on his crotch and they would take just draw going at it and we kept like like trying to look like you're not looking at first like the where where uh... taking peaks around the pole and stuff is really one of you know look like the losers it was so obvious though that everybody was looking to spend people all around the bar pretty much huddled around their table at first it was very uh... i was very careful when they were taking their peaks and by the end of the night by an hour later did there was a scalper selling you know front row seats this is all it's a mustang barriers or whatever and i think that the carries harry's and uh... right so what happened to bed well that's a that's it with that story well you know we had a good idea that all but in that situation bars it was fine it with the funny part was the couple had they thought they were getting away with something like a man known as known as that you know to pay attention to us and we have to uh... grab my package for a little while now we're all watching night so bad you left the party and you didn't go to mustang uh... and harry's you go i had a return again without your eyes man i was traumatizing experience i want to have okay we'd all been drinking at the christmas party as we know and party night just decided i had the bright idea to go to uh... a large nightclub uh... that's known for you know strange activity solely we arrived in the the nightclub there about uh... twelve thirty week those these three women you know address very well and dancing together and and you know going out and so so speak my uh... the friend decker approach them for dancing out with them and you know filling out on these ladies hot you know very well and i don't know if you think you're doing well by and okay i think we're doing very well it is going really well we convinced them to leave with us which i well i have to have an hour to get out of you know that could go to the bar do you want to have this is going so i noticed when we go to the coat check that their voices weren't you know that they had like guys voices they had guy voices but they're good looking women so sure they are uh... i guess they had said something i i missed this said something they said something to my my friend and i i wasn't pay attention i wasn't standing right there and uh... so i walked out of the out of the tunnel there with with you know to my arm and i was every guy's looking at him checking them out some like i think this is pretty good so you think you're pretty much uh... and i think that uh... supermodel or something and my friend but they had mainly voices when you got there all of the women's bodies so when then did you find out that they had a slot uh... right to the point here uh... well we uh... we were at the top ahead in your children's door and we uh... talking at the bar about how we had met i was with uh... one of them my friend was off with the other one and she said well that's great that you don't have any problem with uh... trans sexuality uh... if you're not getting freaked out and i was totally freaked out at this moment wait wait wait you can stop saying she now yeah uh... he's not bald or anything you know i asked her how i said well technology or he or whatever you want to call it i said technology is pretty great because i would have never known she said well party we would find out if we got an intimate site that uh... so the only time so we can you know that she quit not i realize what was going on you know i have a forty five minutes i say they're making out the cab there was no time to get in the front of camp and on the way hand on the leg not they were more touchy feeling i got well leg and just and and and and so i mean you're up in your leg and and what were you doing to get a shower together in the morning something here and i know that he whatever is rubbing your leg and at this point i still think it's a check you are not going to just sit there you're going to respond right now i was sitting where you touch her why were you talking to why were you touching the hot girls are you talking about she's rubbing your leg and you're sitting there doing this little notice i have to be this is not when the voice was started freaking out and i noticed that they share a lot of makeup on under a little and and and started to suspect something but you still let her rub your leg and are classic well when i was on all fours i started to suspect something and i can't start that well then while picture a catcher and and i i didn't have to come in here and tell her notice it didn't sit down during the whole story and and i didn't have to uh... just a little bit and that's great uh... right thanks for sharing with the so what do you think around and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and one of the seven double u and he doesn't do that in new york john for the day and the wall flowers before that so be an anthony for the right home thing getting a bunch of requests a anthony yes for our two bits one is you'll see the pork man uh... the little christmas on the pork man did last week on our radio show very haunting yes i'm sure will play that you haven't heard it yet you definitely want to stick around for that and uh... i'm proud to say people are requesting the i stole stuff from your hotel bit and you play that very late in the show last week so uh... this would be a good time to get it on okay yes johnny land lightening on the rock in new york one or two seven w any w on the way days in the pink floyd as well and we're going to leave the show tonight with the gerbil song we're getting a ton of requests for that so i just want to make sure you get your tape player setting ready to go so you get a copy of that concern we listen to you guys when you send the email yes we do have to get people start a bootleg a lot of the the wacky a little bits and stuff that we do we don't care now we we appreciate that spread the word we can use all the help we can get at least it's somebody up putting a tapes of us out there are record company doesn't know it now anthony be nice well we keep getting calls from people going to guys where can i get your cd and what we have to say uh... we don't know no we don't know and is it because we don't talk to our record company no we speak to them probably uh... weekly and nothing ever happens and now that we're playing the grandma got run over by a reindeer song from opi and anthony's the metal world now people really want to see the entire for christmas and uh... a record company gives the great news last week that they shipped another eighty units eight-day action unit they actually call us to tell us this like it like this is going to make us excited eighty how many people can listen to any w on a weekly basis when you get sent to me all-time i couldn't even begin to think couple million different people yeah okay and i'm obviously not everyone into us let's say small percent of say maybe one percent of the people of okay might be interested in uh... purchasing an open Anthony tomorrow city maybe maybe it's in the back of my like well you know if i saw that maybe i would buy it alright so what's one percent of two million to pass to two hundred thousand right one percent of sound two thousand to twenty thousand twenty-two like i've ever regarded what's one percent two million uh... it's twenty thousand twenty thousand twenty okay i was i look alright for sake of argument twenty thousand people out there might be interested in buying our cd picture he thought so i was the record company ship eighty units eighty units open and that's conservative numbers i feel is a lot more than twenty thousand people that would be interested in picking up our cd in the new york area if they find that is right uh... oh my god is great at man to a pathetic i've got screwed up at the decimal point there how many units could a record store i mean how many records are there uh... on manhattan g campy that many of those are the two or three apple one or something that pretty much is one city per ten record stores now right with that said i'm not i've also made a lot of people money over the weekend uh... and here doesn't like to be on the air but the math question what is what is what is one percent of two million uh... twenty twenty thousand twenty thousand and alright i i think it's yet twenty thousand i think the phones were like crazy cuz people have an opportunity all of us and say we're on the call up so break into the phone see if someone's got the right answer okay it is uh... uh... yeah i i made a lot of people are money had to do that on friday i i was brave enough to go on the radio not many people this town were brave enough to do this and i bet you a hundred bucks that the giants would uh... would be to spread against the broncos and i also hinted that they would they might just win as well big war who they win a game who well i don't see my hundred bucks i'll get into your lineup those yesterday you should have been prepared to bring in my hundred dollars uh... sorry i didn't stop off at the bank after the game uh... on the way in high-end of the u yeah i'll be happy to ask yet world just wanted to know why i think that they're going to talk about tonight's monday night game after zoom dot com and uh... and then for a week at the tonight like about the other thing uh... and you know that it's not that i have a hundred bucks no he didn't pay me yet uh... and then you break uh... i didn't bring it in with me he picked up the pick the worst team in a year and he comes up with the all of the money come on the unbelievable is zoom dot com is now down to twenty two he bought it five days ago at thirty eight i love it i love it i love it that you guys are great that keep it up a bank take care of my near taking on the chin what is it close to twenty two today zoom dot com i think it was twenty one and change you've lost seventeen points on that stock already yeah boy get into those internet stocks on the sat that gets into the pyramid schemes right before they crumble the bodies all tell you how they made twenty grand on their one thousand dollar investment in the pyramid schemes member that as a working washing dishes in chicago pizza palm and my life savings is a grand i fork it over to some guy and i was always for the green light twenty thousand dollars in a matter of days dot and i i i get the call all man pyramid collapsed collat we need collapse what do you mean and i don't couldn't support uh... the weight of everybody else that was taking money up alright well you know where can i pick up my money although you don't get your money back you see that had to go out uh... uh... that's me well then over this with over the weekend you were talked into the fifty dollar uh... and christmas tree stand blue fifty bucks on a christmas tree stand for some reason i need this star trek christmas tree stand with gear teeth and foot pedals a foot pedal to create a big deal about what that can the thing more your lawn as well i hope so it better do something the rest of the year paid more for my stand and i did the trick i should turn the whole rigamarole upside down that should be the top of my tree to be the christmas tree stand right and then yeah i'd pick denver silly me who don't figure out that they're over the giants what are going out on a limb there anthony who and what happens they lose their and then you're seeing dot com don't forget that zoomed right into the ground so at this point zoom into the ground so at this point at the everyone is patiently waiting for your pick tonight monday night football let me get all the facts it's the niners against the lion i know and i know it's ten point favorite uh... what do you think niners all the way and they'll cover the spread niners yeah and you'll get the ten points not stupid of course recall my bookie hundred on the lines that not stupid i will see how you do well with this pack and the cigars around the world the original cigar the month club they gave some samples last week you went home this weekend and you tried out one of them right i was a player for the weekend opi i was smoking the cigars celebrating all your uh... latest winnings i'm sure he celebrated the broncos victory over the weekend and celebrate the fact that that uh... zoom dot com went through the roof well see this made me feel better it made me feel like a player even though i was down i lost everything i invested in this week as far as football and and stocks go i could see crash tree stands with a cigar from cigars around the world details for christmas trees and i felt like a player okay for the the time that cigar was lit up i'm puffin i felt like a player and really was good uh... yeah okay and you got that from cigars around the world for only twenty four ninety five per month plus shipping cigars around the world since five fresh hand-rolled cigars a smoking newsletter free cigar cutter gift card and more and they got some great memberships you get uh... anywhere from two to twelve month memberships available just call one eight hundred fresh sixty six also they have a wide array of fine accessories such as humidor's lighters astray's books and much more call today to place an order or receive a catalog call one eight hundred fresh sixty six one oh two seven w any double you the right in new york james gang days in a before that the downtown and pink floyd to its open Anthony everyone is uh... betting on the lions tonight now because anthony has made his prediction from a political pop-up well can i say so everyone is taking the lions in the ten points you know the only one of that dot denver was going to win you know it's not so out there that i was saying denver's gonna win helping right i know that but you know but you also lost a shirt of the fact that you know with the stock market and what i had a couple of dollars on on his own dot com couple needed to move into into the ground out uh... yet couple how about those in that stock side i got a little too late picture i i saw the ball and i missed it so not only did you uh... art that incorrectly uh... vote against the uh... broncos well i thought i was going to win a vote against the giants and the giants finally decide maybe they're going to play you know and and they win a game all right well now you bought zoom dot com at what price uh... i did get into zoom dot com at thirty eight dollars a share of the yes and what it costs a day uh... fight but check it's somewhere a little over twenty one and how many days three uh... serious three days without seventeen point on some mass that thing you're not kidding so that's why everyone is uh... taking the line of the ten points like as you said that the matter is in the women come to the spread and i thought it was another day i did amazon dot com what happened starting in the car for god's sake try the oil companies and thing oils are very good investment a very low and a lot of people have been telling us very low then don't laugh over there and we get then uh... you feel better as my therapy you feel better for letting it out then uh... well let's just say came out of the closet earlier come out of the car most people try to become members of the two-day harmer club on tuesdays then has officially become part of the uh... homosexual community uh... now you're very in the night earlier he came in and explained that after the christmas party on uh... friday night and then i must say you were pretty damn trashed yeah i was yeah he he went to this bar and picked up these hot chicks and then for some reason when down to the village with them and uh... and he found he found out that um... jiminy cricket jeepers creepers they were men they were they were checked with nuts uh... at the bank sexual and the best actual and the best line at uh... and it they weren't trend what were they transvestite and sector and sex and sexual there did not know a lot of transvestites tell you that i think that you know they had boobs and they had you know big you know that's called breast implants and that i mean that the best line bank goes hey man i knew i was doing great is like it i was hanging out the girls in the bar and then we left the barn like everyone staring at us they were staring at you because you are the idiot that is the only with the men they would have been the men in dress they weren't staring at you because while look at that lucky guy going home with that supermodel uh... you're too trash to realize that five o'clock shadows and what you say earlier about the makeup was a little bit of makeup on the other i didn't realize that i don't know what you say earlier then what i say i don't remember what i want to pull the tape he said there was a lot of makeup on the land knows one of the but i didn't realize that we have to be a place with more like why do you think so but a lot of makeup under their nose uh... uh... now uh... you didn't have any makeup on you know after the night was over did you know man just wondering i know that you said that the guy was rubbing your leg at one point in the barn before you realize that it was a man and uh... for forty five minutes for some reason i think the i know if a girl is rubbing my leg in a barn forty five minutes i'm gonna make a move in that time because you know you're in right open my right of course you're right so now this guy is rubbing your leg you think it's a check and then you don't do anything i think i think you touched uh... trying to get a little all i know more but crying and all seven traumatized face on my dad's hand you know i don't know how much of a band you should confess right now in our show that you actually made out with a guy i did not make out with the idea that he makes a good way with the uh... one of the drink and i really like you you know girls like me don't need guys like you a lot what's his name touch my leg yet then did you yet to get away when she was touched your leg and we have to do it we're going to think we have this is good i mean if you feel some stimulation other beyond it i probably could have yes i probably would have i don't know what i did by a man and i didn't know what i mean and i don't know the man of the school so when the guy was rubbing your leg did you or did you not get excited i probably did now by the way i don't remember are you talking me uh... i mean i i i didn't go there was some side action right some time uh... but it doesn't mean you sat there sitting on your hands with what we have done i had a high-needle my hands are right there's one hand that was not right now the uh... so you're sucking on a high-needle but the long neck uh... i think about it the summary of the uh... bottle kept getting along that demand back down to a stubby and so i think well whenever you know this uh... now you're not here absolutely never ever ever live in a so excited about the story called me three times we can tell me the great story is a great story i think i mean it is that never thought it had to get this tragic a cute little story but it could have been a lot of her so so when so when he saw one of the ones so when did this happen and we we know it's worse but you're not gonna get better so when did this uh... carol break the news to you that she was a guy was when you guys are both a gold he could have had the help as you can get a good view of the urinal but i got a little suspicious i really like you've been uh... was that this up for me come on confess more what do you want to know i just know that i don't know that i have a hand in one hand right now you know that i have a team i don't know what's up where she's got he's got his hand on your leg now what's your other hand doing you want to go to the table you didn't like maybe touch the shoulder a little and go well you're like a linebacker didn't touch this all day and you know no contact you had no contact in forty five minutes thinking this was a girl hand on your leg you didn't even the most contact i had was only walked out i told you had two of them on each arm uh... you know that you are going to come over and i did i had one of the time of the world to fake the huge fake who's in front of a machine i hope this is a hard and i want to pack on the chief may be when they want to kiss me when they left my rose a guy from the head down so they got my hair and they like you're not going to let us kiss you as like no way he was a homo sandwich i'm far from a homo oh man came close this weekend but i think you better get those glasses checked man yeah i mean come on how much were you drinking that night that you would leave with two men not even one guy three you left with three guys uh... it was myself my friend decker and you know well three at the time i thought there were three girls do you realize if they wanted to assault you one would have to sit and wait while the other two finished but i was like you would act on it you know that you are not much trouble where all three of them couldn't even do it at the same time one would have to sit back and wait for a man starts long you know what you're doing you don't enter the gay community with three guys you're going to kill yourself uh... uh... well most guys they start dating now they start off slaving but you know about that and i'm going to go out on the road and you know something there's that one in a million training that you look at and go right he's pulling it off kinda looks like a check yes but when you have three in the same bar one is going to look like marie you know how and you said that they had the deep voices and stuff that was that you know it's that i'd had suspicions i'd definitely expect to know that this is a lot of actions it's been curious i've been curious which stands then over switching switching stations and and go over to you the perfect company over there you'll fit right in i'm very good at once again and i think you've got to use any once again you haven't proven anything i know i still think a lot more happened on that are still on the table when she's taught he's touching your leg and you do nothing i can't accept that i told you i hope the elements that's true and i think we should but the same goes to the car okay that's the both how is he poking me in the stomach when i see both of the time that we have some of the solution areas because there was no falls away you are still hanging out after you've been out there not enough and i want to know what the other side of the outline of my body like bugs body running out of a building on the internet you are going to have to be better said when he called it he said i came over with what the coast and said i had to get out of here i think the title of all i freaked out when i figure out what's going on to help out the idea of the and one way that you just cut your losses and get the hell out of here and wanted to know where his penis was well yeah i think it was a lot of the past and i know where did he tell you was that you never have to know question where it was an important way to do it uh... and a lot worse right we go to make a similar glory and i don't know that's one of the therapy well beyond that i think i got the line shaft tonight and i'm going to pile drivers always say that i think i'm a little bit how we understand that the confused young man i i i i i i'm a little taken aback that after it was learned that they were guys that you still um... you know hung out and i just don't one of his seven w any double-due to the new york one from tracks bruce springsteen leaving train for a restrain in the history band uh... touring in nineteen ninety nine world's patiently waiting for uh... to get a phone that i saw the bruce legends on vh how was that i was in that yet i like that legends thing it's a even if if they they play artists that you don't like you end up kinda like him so i can't back on the like the new kids on the block that was really good like another man uh... this weekend i saw a queen you too and springsteen pretty good insightful they're not a you too fed so i don't like that one i thought it was great and i thought it was pretty cool how they started out bunch of just you know punk kids and everything and uh... kept it together you gotta respect them for that change in the music a little bit at the end of the eighties able to pull that off and they didn't know found respect for them they didn't know how to play their instruments at first they were really had not that good and i i i play they wanted to do cover terms when they first got together but they were so bad they didn't know how to play other people song so they just made up their own pretty cool call i enjoyed it i was busy watching the evil can evil last night in between the jets uh... dolphins game i had to switch back and forth and what to do for a while there what did they have one of those uh... i think it was celebrity profile yeah right all of this all the shows in the same but they have different names behind the music celebrity profile legend legends that i don't know whatever but it was on evil can evil and it was just so cool evil a fixture of the seventy well he's dying you know he needs a liver transplant uh... he's got hepatitis c which is like the worst form of hepatitis needs a liver very soon or is going to die who which is kind of bomb a bummer you know and i want to kill is watching on yes survived all those crashes and now look he's going out to say can't deliver in time but uh... my favorite was the rocket uh... i was in a rock and it was as it was a sky cycle there was a rocket really no man is that the local you'll sky size go up inside dot that's what i was having a call me jump snake river canyon he got into a rocket was it now as a sky cycle with their wheels on it uh... well that's the cycle called it the sky cycle i had a sky cycle when i was growing up my parents had to get me one because of this make river canyon job and how did they explain how the shoot came out well there is a book written a few years back by his acts uh... marketing director or publicist and he claims that uh... evil knew he was in and s loaded trouble and decided that the only way to survive that was to just pull the shoot immediately and that's what i figured that's the rumor evil actually pushed the switch but ended up splattered in the middle of the canyon if you didn't do that but no it was interesting and ever saw before and i'm a big fan of evil can evil uh... backing i think it was nineteen sixty five when he was just a regular stuntman like everyone else and he would go around the country and do some of these times one of his famous stunts is uh... he stands on a racetrack and and allows motorcycles and cars to race at home and they're going about fifty fifty miles an hour and he would jump up in the air just in time in the bike or the car would go under before you know he landed down so he's not on a motorcycle or anything is just an email this was one of his earlier starts before he became the evil can evil this is a late sixties mid sixties whatever and uh... they showed footage of evil taken a handlebar to the growing because he miscalculated did that you know the job uh... he went fifteen feet up in the air flippin all over the place and landed on his back now we need to live her yeah from what from like how did he get uh... well uh... they said because of all the operations of the blockers blood transfusion play could be need a letter from all the whiskey drinker and his is sauce step down the time but if you get the chance to win you know watch the celebrity profiling evil can evils amazing play was it was so freaking cool play you can use the guide to fight that so we didn't have any i just love all those shows cuz you can learn more about anybody than you ever could in history now is flipping through the channels another show on hitler on the history channel i like any biographies one of my favorite shows with no angle my gonna go i'll even watch any biography on cathy lee gifford just cuz i hate her and she's just yet useless to me but i don't know they make it interesting and that by our show is this pretty damn cool and up uh... we told everyone we leave with the gerbil song here okay but uh... hey thanks for listening really appreciate the support we know you're out there thank you start telling our faithful listeners couple we need your help you know