 one of his seven w any double you the right in new york another track from tracks bruce springsteen seven angels and sally from manhattan she was paying attention she called up she was the twentieth caller and she's got her copy of tracks congratulations sally if you don't know what's going on uh... from now until tomorrow at six p m every time we play a bruce springsteen song all you have to do is be the twentieth caller at two one two seven five seven one of two seven and you too will score the tracks box set and be a happy girl like she was and speaking of new music is you see what i got in front of me and something what is that south park south park what they got songs that yet to see the chef and friends the songs of south park care much if i want to hear carmen well we can do that you and i are huge south park fans yet and uh... eddie dropped us off for us today and we're tracking through it and if you're a south park fan i think you can enjoy this we got uh... eric heartman singing come sell away by sticks so i don't we're gonna give you a little taste of this subject is tonight nine uh... รณ So let me pray, I will search for you Mary, on every ship I may sail. Oh Lord, I pray, take care of Mary. I'm the kid I need. I am 35, 115 pounds and never miss a chance to get close to you. What do you say you make my dreams come true and let me spend 15 minutes with you? I'll meet you anywhere, anytime. I think you are the true meaning of pure sex. Everything a woman dreams of. Love you more than you can dream. See you on the 27th of December, Phyllis. Now is that for me? No. Oh, Steven Tyler, oh okay. No, unfortunately we don't get faxes like that. They're signed Bob. Exactly. She wants Steven bad but she doesn't leave her number or anyway, you know, Steven can get a hold of her so. Phyllis, if you're listening, please give us a call. We want to talk to you on our show today. I want to see Steven. They must be just so weird to be a rock star. Yeah. They probably get this all the time. That would be great. Now the boys are married. All of them, right? I believe her. Yeah, I think there's a couple of little problems in some of the relationships but there are a little wild times behind them. But it must be tough. They're on tour now. I think they're calling us from Minnesota or somewhere in a hotel room. They're on tour all the time and the temptation must be brutal. Yeah, but after so many years, you know, and given into the temptation for so many years. I don't think you ever get sick of it. I'm not saying sick of it but you just deal with it better. When do you decide though, you know what? I'm going to play it straight. I love my wife, love my kids. I'm just going to blow off all these hot chicks. After you see your wife and kids go down the tubes numerous times, your life in the crapper, you finally pull it up and say, you know, I better straighten out. I'm acting like an idiot. You think they just go for a taste every once in a while though? I don't think that they can taste anymore. I don't think it's all or nothing. Yeah, probably. It's probably like drugs or anything else. You know, you take a taste, you're done. Now you're back in. We were talking about it earlier with cigarettes. We heard that it takes 18 years for somebody to quit smoking. That's the average amount of time it takes a smoker to quit smoking. 18 years. No, it doesn't. It takes one minute. You just stop putting the cigarette in your mouth and lighting it and you're not smoking. We're on to this again. It's done. Anthony was a major chain smoker. But I mean, you go in stages, right? Over the years? I had like, I quit once, went back, then I quit again. That was it. But you were out of control and then one day you decided to, you know, you just didn't want to do it anymore. Hang it up. And you haven't had the urge for cigarettes since? No, I don't even want one. You just, you just stop doing it. But, but I know I can't just go, yeah, I'm going to have a butt. I'm going to smoke a cigarette. So what's your advice to the people out there trying to quit smoking, Anthony? Listen to this philosophy. It's hysterical. You just don't smoke. It's simple advice. It's anybody, oh, I can't do it. When you pick up a cigarette and put it in your mouth, you're conscious that you're doing it. You don't all of a sudden wake up from this fog and go, oh, I'm smoking. How did this happen? You had to put the butt in your mouth. You had to light it, inhale, do the whole thing. And you know you're trying to stop smoking. You know it's bad. There's a whole thing that goes on during any point in that whole thing between picking up the cigarettes and you smoking is an opportunity to not smoke. And that's all it takes. Some people put it down. But some people are addicted. They can't help themselves. Get through it. Yeah, it's not easy. It's not like, oh, well, let me just throw these away. You have to go and go, oh, I really want one. But you know something, sometimes you can have everything you want. So you put the damn cigarettes down and you don't smoke. It's that easy. It's not easy, but it's it's the concept is that easy. It's not easy. It takes some work, takes willpower. But but it's that simple. It's a simple procedure. But you get it like we were talking about with Steven Tyler and chicks and drugs. You can't go back to it. You can't say, this weekend, I'm going to have a couple of puffs. You just got to stop. Period. Are you selling tapes? Yes. I quit smoking with Anthony tapes. I just pop in the table and put the cigarette down. You ask, what are you doing? You're trying to quit. So was that 1027W and he W the rock in New York, George Thurgood, days and new before that, the downtown and Aerosmith do and love in an elevator. Steven Tyler should be calling within the hour. I believe it will be about five fifteen or five twenty in case you're waiting for that. OK, I write so being Anthony. Also, today we got a copy of South Park's CD, Chef and Friends, the songs of South Park. Lovely. Not many people have this album yet. I don't even think it's available yet in stores, right? I think we have one of the only copies in New York, an advanced copy. People have realized that we are huge South Park fans here and people want to hear another track from this. What do we have? Well, you want to hear chocolate salty balls? I'm afraid. What do you mean you're afraid? It's Chef singing chocolate salty balls. Oh, we're very excited. You never know who's going to stop on by the studio. Our pal Jim Cook, Sam Adams. We're going to talk to him next. 1027WNAW, the Rock of New York, Goo Goo Dolls and Slide. Those guys playing tomorrow night at Roseland. It's a sold out show. It's Hope and Anthony. You never know who's going to stop on by the studio. It's our old pal Jim Cook from Sam Adams. The personal brewer for Hope and Anthony. He comes in with a bunch of beer and he's already breaking bottles. Wait a minute, Jim, how many have you got over there by you? What are you afraid we're going to take? He's got a six pack over there and he leaves us with a couple of glasses. He didn't even fill up our glasses. I've got to keep you guys under control. Now, in New York, you're based in Boston, obviously. Now, you're in New York. How do you get to taste every batch? When I get back, there's going to be a lot of work piled up. A lot of making out today. Is that what it is? It's like, oh boy, here's Monday. I'm going to have to work overtime. I'm going to have to take three six packs home. Look at him, just slugging the beer. I like this. I like when he visits because we had a couple of visits when we were up in Boston. He always brings plenty of beer. Now, what are we drinking? You know, let me in the studio. No beer. Get his ass out of here. It's about time someone brought us beer around here. I know. But I think we have to try the Winter Lager because I forgot how it tastes. Now, how would you describe this to people? You obviously know every little word to use to describe the Winter Lager. This is a traditional brown ale that's got some winter spices in it. It's got ginger pulp. It's got some fresh nutmeg. It's got a little bit of orange zest in it. Sort of a nice warming winter drink. Sip by the fire. Sip a Winter Lager. Sip another Winter Lager. All right. Wait for the Tuesday event to happen. You know, Jim, I've known you for... Wait for the Tuesday. Oh, you heard about our little Tuesday thing already, huh? You want to open up the Boston chapter for us? I would love to. All right. Enough Winter Lager. The Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Are you an official member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club? No, but I'm waiting to go back and tell my wife about our new membership. Okay. Well, we're going to induct new members this coming Tuesday, so... Please give us a call and let us know if you become a member officially, Jim. All right. You know, we've known him for a couple years. I've never seen his eyes. I know. He looks like Mr. Magula. Those squinting. Yes, they are. Hey, okay. I like the fact that we went down to... he was kind enough to take us down to Turks and Caicos Islands about a year ago, under a year ago, and we saw him every morning walking down the beach. And what was he doing? Eating breakfast? Maybe sipping some orange juice? No, none of that nasty fattening junk. Oh, what did you have? Something wholesome and healthy. Yeah. The Sam Adams. Any hour of the day. Jim's drinking. I love this guy. I think we have your beer to blame for our firing, by the way. We should get that out of the way. Well, I won't take credit for it. I'll say we did have a little buzz that day when we said the mayor was dead up in Massachusetts. Yeah. That was a dumbest thing. I know. I mean, here's the city administration getting their breaking news from the Opium Anthony show. On April Fool's Day. How dumb is that? Jim Cook knew it wasn't true. Yeah. But they got a little upset up there. But we're down here and we're damn happy. Yes. You're lucky. And now you're down here with the beer. It's just weird hearing his voice. Anthony does, as you know, Jim, a great impression of you. Well, I used to actually get him in trouble sometimes. People would call up after you left, like when you were on the air a couple of times, and go, is Jim still there? And I'm like, yeah, hold on. Hey, how you doing? It's like my grandfather used to say, get a lot of chicks with beer. Did it work for you? Yeah. Actually, it did. It works for all of us. Otherwise, there'd be no babies. Speaking of babies, that's a good story. Tell the story of the birth of your daughter or son. Yeah, my daughter. Daughter, go ahead. Well, you're going to remember I am from a brewing family. I'm actually the sixth oldest son in a row to be a brewmaster. So beer is kind of in our blood. And when my daughter was born, it was right there in the delivery room. Of course, you want to celebrate it with a beer. And I hate drinking alone. So she was at least three minutes old. And I thought, she's this poor kid. All she's going to get for next year is that nasty, disgusting formula. I got to give her a beer. I got to give her a Sam Adams. So I opened it up, put it on her little lips, and she goes... And my wife is going to say, what are you doing over there? What are you doing with that beer? I'm like, shut up. Deliver the placenta. I'll take care of the baby. Three minutes old. Drinking beer. I know. I don't know why I made her wait so long. I hate to think of the alternative of how you were going to give it to her any earlier. I don't even want to get into that. That's why I'm not saying a word. I'll just sip some beer. Now, we got Tommy Moe on the phone, too. What the hell is going on here today? Everybody's on Opien Anthony. Hey, Tommy. How you doing? What's up? Not too much. You're talking to Opien Anthony, and we got our pal Jim Cook. Excellent. From Sam Adams in the studio. How you doing, Jim? I'm doing great. We had some of your beer yesterday. All right. How was it? It was delicious. Tommy came to our brewery in Boston, made a batch of beer with me. Oh, really? It was so nice. We named it Moe Better Beer. Nice. Tommy, did you get to drink the beer right out of the hose like Anthony and I did a few years back? We had quite a few beers there, but I didn't have any from the hose, no. Yeah, they brought the hose right out of a tank for us, and we're just sitting there, like, head over the back of the table, drinking beer. Tommy Moe, of course, from the U.S. Ski Team. Gold medalist? This is the first time I've ever talked to a gold medalist, Tommy. Is it? Yeah, I won the gold in the downhill in 1994 and got a silver medal, too. Hey, have you ever had sex with a gold medalist? Sure. Sure. Why not? I'm serious. That's got to be great. Probably just go out with the medals on, go to the bar. Hey, what's up? Oh, yeah, I see you talking to that guy, the guy that doesn't have these gold medals. Geez, that kind of wrecks you for everyone else at the bar. Yeah, I just bring it in there, and then when I go to the bar, I just look around and say, has anybody seen a gold medal laying around? Use it like a coaster. You put it on the bar, kink! No, you put it on your belt. Yeah, you're a lucky dog. Yeah. So someone has to explain what the heck is going on. I mean, you walk in... Yeah, where's the common denominator here? Yeah, you walk in with a ton of beer, and then Tommy Moe is on the phone. I feel like Ronan Martin's laughing when the doors pop open. What is going on? I think Ruth Buzzi is going to make her appearance in a few minutes here. Here's the deal. Okay. I think I know it, and if I get it screwed up, they're going to yank me off the air and sober me up. You're the boss. Scrum. Good. I like that. We're going to give away a ski adventure to your listeners. You win a trip to Jackson Hole. Oh, nice. Who will kick your butt? Yes, he will. Well, he's recovering from knee surgery. How's the knee, Tommy? Oh, I'm healthy. Totally healthy. Yeah, we're going to have a grand prize with Sam Adams and Dina Starr this spring. The grand prize is you get to take four of your friends along to Jackson Hole, and we're going to have lots of Sam Adams beer and ski for five days. Tommy's representing Dina Starr Skis. Okay. Now, how do we give this prize away? Look at everyone looking at each other. Quick, drink more beer. All right, how's this? We'll drink a couple beers and we'll figure it out. I'll drink to that. All right, Tommy, hold on the line, okay? Okay. All right, we got Tommy Moe, we got Jim Cook, the founder of Sam Adams and Opie and Anthony, and believe it or not, Steven Tyler's calling in in about 10 minutes. So, let's go. Yeah, cool. Cool, 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York with ELO, fire on high. It's Opie, it's Anthony, and it's our pal Jim Cook, swinging away over there in the corner, founder of Sam Adams, of course. I love this. It gives me an excuse to drink on the air. Well, we got to try out all the beers. Did we try out everything officially, Jim? How many flavors did you bring today? I have to try the hard side, hardcore. Oh, yeah, we did bring hardcore black cider. That's new. Hey, I got a question for you. Is triple Bach legal in New York? Yes, triple Bach is legal in New York, but only as jet fuel. Explain triple Bach, because this stuff is sick. It's Sam Adams' triple Bach. It's the strongest beer in the world. It's about 36 proof, and it comes in a 250-milliliter bottle like a Port or a Sherry. So, it's not what you'd think of as beer. It really is very much closer to a vintage Port or an old Cognac. Yeah, you have to sip it. Yeah, we were drinking it. You definitely have to sip it. Out of the Brandy Snifter, with a nice Cuban. Sit there, smoke the cigar, drink a little triple Bach. We felt like we were happening. Yeah. How many states is that legal in? It's illegal in about 10 states. Oh, there's a Bach. You got everything. Look at this. There's a bottle right there. There's a bottle of triple Bach. If you open that, this show is going to go down really fast. Maybe we should open this show. We cannot go down. Come on now. Jim stopped by with something really cool. He's given away a trip for us, our show here, to Jackson Hole, Wyoming. A trip for two, five nights, lift tickets, round-trip airfare, four-wheel drive rental, ski equipment packages by Dina Star, and you get to ski with Tommy Moe. Now the problem is, you're opening up the triple Bach. You're nuts. You're crazy. There it is, guys. Show over. Done. We just got to figure out how we're going to give away this trip. You ski with Tommy Moe? Yeah, we've got 12 people in here drinking Sam Adams, and none of us could come up with a good idea to give away this great trip. That's great. You get to look at the back of his head. Picture me. Like, if I won this trip, I'm going to ski with Tommy Moe. He's not going to ski with me. Tommy, wait up. There I am on the ground again. Tommy, could you help me out? Okay, let's go, Tommy. Tommy, wait up. Wait up, Tommy. You don't understand. You just ski regular. Tommy skis with a keg of Sam Adams in his back. That'll help. Not much, believe me. I don't think Tommy wants to spend the afternoon on the bunny hill with you, Anthony. I know. That would be awful. Hey, look, I'm skiing with Tommy. So, Tommy, how do you use the toe rope? Give me some pointers. That was embarrassing. All right, so Jim's hanging out. He opened up the triple block. We've got a lot of open containers here in the studio. This is so bad. But right now, the hotline is ringing. We've got Steven Tyler. All right. The show's only getting better. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York, Billy Idol, Johnny Lang before that. It's still raining. It's Opie and Anthony. We're hanging with our pal Jim Cook, the founder of Sam Adams, this afternoon. And Steven Tyler called in 20 minutes ago. We're having a lot of fun today. I almost feel like we're happening, Opie. We are happening. Almost. I'm just this side of feeling it. We're getting closer to happening, I think. Look at all the empties in the studio. We can blame it all on Jim. The sponsor came and he made us drink the beer. God, I hate this. It's so cool to talk to the voice of the commercial. Yeah, I know. On the commercials, you're in control, but in real life, you're a mess. And proud of it. It's okay. He just poured another beer. He just has to know one thing. Beer. That's it. That's all I need to do. So, Jim, how many beers do you drink a day? Because I know you have to because you've got to taste every batch. I drink maybe four or five beers a normal day. But I pace myself. I don't have them all for breakfast. Now, when you sniff the head, what are you sniffing for? I have to go down this road. No, the guy is a beer taster as well as the founder, Sam Adams. I want to know why he sniffs the head. We can talk about head in a more elevated fashion. Sure. Great show like N.E.W. No, I'm sniffing for the hop bouquet. Because when you pour the beer, you're releasing the bouquet from the hops. Hops are a flower. And when you sniff the head, you get that great floral bouquet from the noble hops that come from a small valley north of Munich. Wow. Yeah. See, I was wondering why he pours it like that because most people pour it on the side of the glass so you don't get a head on it. He pours it like a viking. He's like, there's this big head in the glass. Yeah, well, Sam Adams has this beautiful, rich, creamy, smooth head. Everyone loves head too. Who doesn't? That's true. The guys that sneak the beer down the side of the glass, they get no head. Every day it's a new mess on the Opie and Anthony show. Isn't it? And we're proud of that. All right. We've got a really cool trip that Jim Cook brought by for us. A trip to Jackson Hole, Wyoming, a trip for two, five nights, lift ticket, round trip airfare, four-wheel drive rental, ski equipment packages by Dina Star. And you get to talk and ski with Tommy Moe. Where's Tommy? Tommy! Tommy Moe! What's happening? Hey, what's up? Not too much. We're trying to figure out how to give away this trip. Perfect. All right. Give us an idea. It's like, all right, we've been drinking. It's up to you. Tommy Moe, you're on. I'm on. Definitely. Yeah. It should be a fun trip. It's going to be out in Jackson and I'm looking forward to it. Well, Anthony wants to ski with you, but he hasn't graduated from the bunny hill yet. Yeah, come on out. We'll make some big turns on it. He must love skiing with people that can't ski. It's like, oh, you've got to go back and pick this idiot up. Hi, Tommy. Tommy, look, I'm skiing. I'm wow! Could you pick me up, Tommy? Tommy, I'm snow plowing. Look! I can't snow plow. You've got to win another gold medal, Tommy. Oh, yeah, definitely. Where are you now, Colorado? Yeah, I'm out in Colorado. Do you ever go to a place that's like Florida? Oh, yeah. Or do you have to go somewhere, like, I've got to ski? No, actually, I've been all over it. I go to the tropics all the time in the spring and summer and I enjoy getting out and getting away from the snow anyway. Yeah, all right. Hey, Tommy, what did you think about Sonny Bono and Mike Kennedy? I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. I think they're both great. How long we're doing? Well, you know the Today Show has their live segment. They go out into a street right by Rockville Center here in New York. And Al Roker does the weather and he talks to these people from Tennessee and whatever that hold their big signs up. And we're looking for a girl that shows up at the show, gets Al Roker over there with the mic on camera, live on TV, national television, and opens up her shirt and expose her breasts on national television. And we already have a thousand dollars that we're giving out. That we're going to give to the first griller who does that. Maybe we could throw in the ski trip too. Can you possibly sanction this? Can you sanction this Jim? Look at your people. Your handlers are all going home. Oh my God, don't leave it to Jim. He's got 18 bottles of beer open in front of him. Oh my God. All right, well she has to have Samuel Adams tattooed. Okay, Sam Adams on one mogul and Opie and Anthony on the other mogul. And I think that's a great idea. I think that's a great idea. I think that's a great idea. I think that's a great idea. I think that's a great idea. I think that's a great idea. I understand now. It's a whole thematic thing. All right, we'll talk about it. We'll see. 1027 WNEW, The Rock of New York, Pearl Jam from 10. That's black. It's Opie, it's Anthony and it's Jim Cook, the founder of Sam Adams. And on the line we got another person that joined our club, Anthony. Oh. Would you like to talk to them? Of course. Jim, would you like to talk to someone that has joined the club? I'm always pleased to hear about Great Head. He's talking about his beer, of course. Of course. Everyone knows that. Hi, who's this? Hey, how you doing? Joe. Hey, Joe, what's going on? Not much, man. I just want to call. Thank you guys for Tuesday. Oh, you're a member of the club, huh? Absolutely, man. I get home. All right, you got to be careful how you describe this. I understand. Get home. Any word that's going to get us in trouble, just go, womp, womp. Got it. Okay, go ahead. I'm going to eat dinner and you know, nothing really much. Who's dinner? Oh, I'm sorry. I thought that was a name. Continue. Watching a little TV after dinner. My wife goes to me, you listen to ADW today? I was like, yeah. She goes, oh, so you don't want to become a member of the club? You didn't say anything. I was like, well, you know, I didn't really know how to say it. And she's like, well, you know, if you want to become a member, why don't we just go on upstairs? Oh, you're going to call them and tell them? Well, there you go. You're telling us what's her lovely name. Her name is Deb. Deb, and what's yours? Rick. Rick, and where are you guys from? Long Island. Hey, congratulations. What town? Town Lovettown. Oh, cool. All right. We're Huntington boys. Me and Ann grew up there, actually. I like that. The fact that he got it because we said it's Tuesday night Hummers and we want to be to Jim Cook is to beer. That's all. That's all we're trying to do. Make the world a better place. Yeah, you can make lots of long necks too. All right, man. Well, congratulations. Thanks again. Remember the club meets every Tuesday night. Absolutely. All right, brother. Take care. Thanks, man. Did you say meats? Oh, okay. I thought you said something else. All right. Well, Jimmy, have any final words? You know. Just keep going. You guys have a great time. You and me have the best job in the world. Yeah, I don't doubt that. We do the same thing. We try to make people happy. Well, you do a better job at it. It's amazing. Because you're making us happy. Not much makes us happy. So all right. And we're going to figure out how to give away this trip. We'll come up with something really good. Really good. Instead of just, you know, doing something stupid while we're drunk. One oh two seven W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York. Marcy Playgrounds. Sex and Candy. Pink Floyd before that. It's Opie and Anthony. Lots going on on the show today. Yeah. Got to thank Jim Cook, the founder of Sam Adams, for stopping by. That's fun. And we got to thank Steven Tyler from Aerosmith for calling in. That was very cool as well. Yeah, we got to get him in here, though. He said on the phone that he will get in here. Mm-hmm. I'm glad, man. So I'm looking forward to that. Yeah. All right. Don't forget, we're still doing the Bruce Springsteen thing as well. That's going on at the station. When you hear Bruce Springsteen, if you're the 20th caller, 212-757-1027, you will score the box set tracks. Rock. We're going to do that until tomorrow at 6. And then all weekend long, you got chances to win tickets to see Kiss. 1027W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York. Stevie Ray Vaughn and Cold Shot. Lenny Kravitz before that. His latest, Fly Away and some Queen, too. It's Opie and Anthony. Suffolk County Police Department to our listeners, Opie, out on Long Island. They always listen to us, I thought. Well, no, they're getting radios in their Crown Victorious and their police cruisers. And news they wrote about it. Mm-hmm. But of course, they don't mention us. No. It's like now they can listen to Mike and the Bad Dog. That's a crime. You might as well listen to that. That is a crime. Talk about how the Yankees, you know, resigned David Cohn for 20 hours in a row. I like the idea, though, that a cop might not respond to an accident fast enough because he's got to hear if the guy we're talking to got a hummer on Tuesday. That's good. Welcome, Suffolk. Well, we know we have a lot of cops that listen to us already. We love the police. And Anthony has a few cop friends. And what do they do? They have a little code when we're doing something funny for the rest of the guys on patrol? Yeah, they do. They yell out, we got a one oh two seven. And it's and that means, you know, to any W. And it's any W. Opie and Anthony are doing something demented. I like that. Cool. Man, I wanted to get to this earlier, but I got another telemarketer call. You did? Yes. All right. What is this one? Well, like everyone, I am so sick of people calling me when I'm trying to eat. You know, we get home from work pretty late and usually the first phone call is somebody trying to sell me something. And I've had it and I begged them to stop calling and they refuse. So now I've turned the tables and I record the telemarketers and I mess with them and I have some fun with it. And then I bring it in here and we play it on the air. Why not? In the past, we played the cabinet one. You were slamming your hands and cabinets and pots and pans were falling on you. Yeah, I like that one. What was the other one we did? Oh, the guy who was trying to give me a credit card. And I told him I never graduated high school and I asked him if I could buy crack with the credit card they were trying to, you know, sell me. And he was still trying to give it to you. Yes. Yeah. Well, this guy called me this morning. I want to sell me a new roof. How does he know you need a roof? Well, he doesn't know I need a new roof. They just call enough people and, you know, finally someone will take the bait. I need a roof. The senile old man with the kids. Good. Dad, you bought a roof with your savings. Oh, the poor elderly. Well, I got back to this telemarketer. Okay. We got umbrellas set up everywhere to trap the water at the buckets. Yeah. Okay, sir. Thank you very much. Thank you. Stay dry. All right. Bye bye. You're a bastard, man. Oh, I'm a bastard. Like the telemarketers aren't bastards. Buy a roof from the guy. Actually, I got another one that I could break out. What? The sperm bank calls really funny, too. Uh, 1027 W any W the rock of New York. There you have it. The latest from the black crows. We've been playing that for a while now, kicking my heart around. And I was informed today the new CD is going to be out in January. Is it January? Yeah. Can I start dubbing copies of the CD I got and passing out to people? You don't have a CD. You do not have a complete black rose CD. Then what were we listening to on the way in today? I have no idea what that was, but you don't have it because you're not supposed to have it. Oh, it's very bad if you have something like that. Oh, well, if I had another beer, I'd start playing all the tracks off it. Shut up. What? Shut up. Shut up. I thought we were trying to do a radio show here. What happened? If you're going to be a rebel, you know, where is my CD? I'll play it right now. Oh, it's in your car. I swear. I swear it's an Anthony's car. I'm not just acting cool. Damn it. Thank God. I swear it's in your car. Well, we'll be cranking on the way home today. Yes. All right. Well, thanks for listening today. We had a lot of fun. Once again, Matt Devotees up next. Got to thank Jim Cook, founder of Sam Adams for coming by. Matt, you see all the empty's in the studio? Just in case there's an affidavit. People that don't believe it. It's like the old days when... It's like the old days when Scott Muni used to do his radio show. Like Scott's getting done with his show. I figure... What are we looking at here? This is at least two, three dozen bottles all over the... At least. I figured if Scott Muni could have this many empty's for 15 straight years, I think Anthony and I could get away with doing it one day. So this guy's for real. Yeah, Jim Cook's for real. He's a real person. You didn't see his eyes, huh? No, I'm racing up 56th. I was trying to get him, you know, I wanted to see. He said he had those Mr. Magoo eyes. Fake time. Fake time. It's like my great grandfather used to say, if you make a brewery, you'll get chicks to give you head. Or you could give head to chicks. I'm talking of my nice creamy head on my Sam Adams. So thick you could float a bottle cap on it. The guy was sauce. That was great. I always thought he was like the Willy Wonka of the beer and the... He pretty much is. He was inside the factory. You didn't know if it was real or not. Yeah. He's legit. Get the umpalumpas to bring up another keg. The umpalumpas, man, they roll around because they're drunk. That's why. He's wearing purple and fall over, but it ain't because of candy. He's a really good friend of ours. That's cool, man. Yeah, he's a great guy. That's a good friend to have, right? And Steven Tyler sounded great. He did, right? I can't believe they're coming to the Metallands right around Christmas time. That's it. Unbelievable. Good show. So he was a lot of fun, too. Excellent. I guess we're going to end our show with Cartman singing Come Sail Away. Did you hear that earlier? Yeah. Everyone yelled at us because we didn't let the song play all the way through. I love his sentimental soft side. I like this soft side. He's like whispering the whole thing. All right. Well, yeah, we got this today, too. Another CD we're not supposed to have. There's stinky britches on there or whatever it's called. The chef song about his chocolate salty balls. We play that as well. But I got to get a hold of that. Yeah, we're not supposed to have this, but off the South Park Chef and Friends, the songs of South Park CD came in today. I don't know how we got it, but we got it. Here's Cartman singing Come Sail Away, and we will let it play through.