 One oh two seven WNEW, the Rock of New York, CZ W. CCR before that, and new live rush started off the program this afternoon. It's Opie and it's Anthony. Hey! And no, we did not get fired. Nah, we're still here. A lot of the faithful listeners actually were scared. They said, are you guys getting fired? You won't be there Monday, will you? Of course we're here. We're here. Back to business. Yeah, and now we can move on with our show. That's it. Had a little distraction last week. Yeah. Like a gnat that gets in your ear. Or a mosquito when you're sleeping at your grandmom's beach house. I'm on here. I'm on here. I can't get them out of my ear. I just want to move on. Yeah, so we move on. Yes, and not that there was a lot to talk about on the radio last week. No, thank God nothing really happened. So we didn't miss any news events to talk about. It's not like an old man went into space or anything. Yeah, we didn't really need to comment on John Kline or the fact that the Democrats did really well in the elections and that Newt Gingrich is stepping down and Jesse the body van Tore is now the governor of Minnesota. Really not much going on at all last week. So no, I guess we'll just rehash and talk about stuff you've heard for the past week. You're great. Gee, thanks for the evolution. Well, there's not much in the paper today, is there? No. Well, we got to talk about the Alzheimer thing. Maybe we could have they call my name's Bill call the pharmacy. Yeah, talk about it's supposed to be nicotine is good for people with Alzheimer's. Yeah, some reason stimulates something. So I guess we could talk about that. About that. Also, I do have the life section of the Sunday Newsday. Oh, which is everybody who listens to our show knows contains the wedding section with the lovely wedding photos of the beautiful couples that have recently got married. And we will be playing ugly bride today. Cool for a prize that we don't know of yet. Also, I guess we got to get into Steve Phillips's situation, the GM of the Met's. Oops, I'm sure the fan is on our round about 12 discussing it. But maybe we could chime in as well. Sure, we should not lose a job. Simple as that. Absolutely not. President has a lot to move on with his lovely job. Then this is a no brainer. Let him continue doing exactly what he was doing. It's so embarrassing for these guys. A bunch of dopes tripping over their schweens on the road to success. Now this guy has to deal with his wife apologizing in public again. It's a no brainer what should happen there. He shouldn't even step down for a while. He should just continue doing his job. Good enough for the president. It should be good enough for somebody from a team that plays a game. It's not like real life like the president. He gets to keep his job. There you have it. All right, we're ready to warm up here. This is Life 4 from my own prison. Their debut CD for the boys from Florida, Sophie and Anthony. I'm still trying to figure out what that last guy said. That we're a disgrace to the intelligence of the New Yorker and that we are radio's version of the Gong Show. The Gong Show. It says a little something right there. But what does that mean? I don't know. Do we have people come in and do acts and stuff? We do acts and then we gong them and they walk out. and JP Morgan. I used to love that show. I would consider that a compliment actually. I liked Mean Gene the dancing machine. Gene Gene. I thought it was Mean Gene all these years. Nothing mean about him. He was just dancing. No, it was mean about him. He could dance. He was like he could jive. You don't have to do the dance. All right, it's radio. Yeah, the Unknown Comic. Sure, thanks Rick. Remember the Unknown Comic? Of course. Great career move there. Whatever happened to him? Wasn't he in a few movies? As the Unknown Comic. Yes. No one knew who he was. So the guy's calling us the Gong Show. All right. I'll buy that. Well, if you want to come in and do your act, you know, come on in. Give Rick a call at 212-757-1027. What's going on on the Instant Feedback? I don't see. People commenting, welcoming us back, Opie, to the 20th century. We started playing some Guns N' Roses. Well, has anyone noticed the music sounds a little better today? They actually kept you guys. I figured the suits would have downsized you. Keep up the good work. Keith. Thank you, Keith. Thanks, Keith. What else are we talking about? Oh, yeah. Look at this. Waterboy made $39 million. Now the critics panned it. Yeah, it's a bad movie. I haven't seen it yet. I like Adam Sandler. I want to check it out. You know, what do you guys think of Waterboy? I didn't say anything. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I didn't say it. Yeah. Adam Sandler is now demanding $20 million per movie. Per movie. He gets him into the theater, though. Well, he's got that one... he's not very broad in character. He's got the one character he does. Mm-hmm. And that's pretty much it. Yeah. Because you ever see him on interviews? We interviewed him once. It was horrendous. He didn't talk. And I've seen him on other shows, and it wasn't just the show. He's terrible at home. He was real stiff. Yeah. And you know how they're kind of goofy and stuff. Yeah, yeah. No, I got the goofy haircut. You know how I do. Yeah, I miss Chris. People are coming to my movies, and I don't know why. Yeah, I miss Chris Farley. Yeah, yeah. No, Chris is a great guy. We have a lot of fun together. Yeah. It's like, well, come on. Where's the funny, wacky guy from the movie? I don't know, but he's a movie star now. 39. And the facts are spilling in here. 212-957-WNEW. Maria writes, hey, guys, one thing. What is this crap with all these guys fooling around on their wives? First, the president. Now it hits the Mets. When will it end? Tell your listeners, keep it in your pants. I just don't understand, guys. If you can't get a decent, from your wife, divorce her and move on. You'll never get a good one until you do. It doesn't get any better. Keep up the good work. Not that easy. What do you think, guys, cheat? To get the foreign bod next to him. To get the bod they're not used to. That little thrill, you know? That little... The hunt to the chase. In your breath. Yeah. And obviously this guy's making a nice dime. So he doesn't want to give up half of it if he gets divorced. Guys have to buy the right to sleep with other women. And when you're making a lot of money, like this guy, maybe you don't want to get the divorce. You've got kids and everything. And maybe he actually loves his wife. And he didn't sexually harass this woman. I know what is going to happen in the end here. They were having a fling on the side. He got nervous, decided, you know, I better call quits to this thing. She got all ticked off and decided that she's going to start screaming sexual harassment. Simple as that. Guys definitely don't use their best judgment when they're in these affairs. It's horrible. I mean, this guy, he could be screwed. He could lose his job over this. He shouldn't lose his job. The president didn't lose his job. It's a similar situation. The president has set the precedent. So this guy should just be able to continue with his job like nothing happened. He's on TV apologizing to his wife. It's just so embarrassing. It's just lovely, huh? I didn't see that audio. Guys are stupid. They are stupid. 1027W, N.A.W. The Rock of New York, Green Day from Nimrod. Time of your life. It's open. Anthony, we've got a lady on the line here who doesn't like that song for some reason. Hello? Hi, N.A.W. Oh, Rick. Oh, Rick! Our producer picks up the call we decided to go live with. Rick. Oh my God. Rick, Rick. That's why we put her on hold so we can talk to her on the air. Oh, oh. Can you believe it? Oh. And he's not listening? He's not listening. Does he listen to the show? I don't think he does. Is he listening to Rocky? He put this one on hold. Hi, N.A.W. Hi. What's up, guys? How are you? Good, how are you? Good. Are you the one that doesn't like Green Day? No, it's not that I don't like Green Day. It's just that the song is getting played. Time of your life? Yeah. Yeah, but I like it still. No, it's not a bad song. I have nothing against Green Day, but they played it out when it was Seinfeld and then that was a whole new thing and then E.R. and then this. I mean, E.R. was touching when she sang it. Oh, wait, wait, wait. On E.R. when Jeannie sang that song it was very, very sad. Yeah. It was traumatic. It came to my eye. Yeah, the Kid Who Died of Cancer is his favorite song. I didn't watch those shows. You watch E.R.? Yes, of course. Yeah, E.R. is the best show on TV and then at the memorial Jeannie sings the song for the kid and it was very sad. It was touching. Yeah, that's what I watched TV for. And then they rolled the credits and I had teary eyeballs. Oh, yeah. It was very touching. That's exactly why I tune in TV when I go home to feel miserable. Anthony, what's the problem? I don't like shows like E.R. I never liked when I was growing up I never liked watching like Medical Center or Marcus Welby because it's always like, you know, oh my God, I'm sorry. Your husband's dying or your son's dying or dead or the car wreck. They got to go. You know something? Pick your ass up, go to the emergency room in the hospital and wait for the real life stuff. You can sit there and really get enthralled and teary-eyed at a real mom that's losing a kid or something. Dude, you're giving me like a majorly self-esteem shot in the ass right now. Well, I'm just saying I don't watch TV for that. Like NYPD Blue, one of my favorite shows. I watch it because it's a cop show. It's fun. I watched it to watch him, you know, shake down some scales in the interrogation room. Wait, wait, wait. And now Bobby's dying. Wait, wait, wait, wait. E.R. and NYPD Blue are very similar shows. They're both traumatic. Yeah, but it's fun to, you know, because I would go out with cops and watch them shake down some scales. Okay. I like the interrogation room. Hey, yeah, I'll beat your ass. I'll beat your ass. You don't tell me who beat that girl. I like that. But now Bobby's dying. Oh, it's another soap opera. They ruined that show. And then they're bringing Ricky Schroeder in. Little Ricky Silverspoon Schroeder. Can I talk? Yes, go ahead. You have to realize that NYPD Blue is based in New York. You're going to see Scalers. You're going to hear Sipowich going off on people. I love that. But E.R. is based in Chicago where supposedly this real life stuff happens. I really never knew that. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Hello. I'm e-c-r-i-e-t-r-t-o-r-e-t-e-r-s. And I need the Brady Punch. At least E.R. is better than the old series Emergency. Yeah, but I never saw that. I was too young. but… Eh-ah-eh. Engine 51. Squad 51. I was too young for that guy. Well, they have it on TV still. They have reruns of Emergency. Chat at least was funny. That was the early times though because I could watch that. I just couldn't watch Medical Center. There's one guy I remember from Emergency. He was really cute. Randolph Mantoo? I don't… Who ended up on soap hoppers. soap opera was the uh... uh... i don't know which one there are with all my children on my left i think maybe one life to live with it yeah what the hell is ram part and that the hospital rampart rampart start a i'd be a bringers lactate and it's like that's what it would happen no matter what and that this time star and i'd be a rangers you know you've got a giant car and any hope john carter time carter c l a m stasio so i don't know if you want to know you know i don't know about the country and i think that it does bring up a good point in a mercy they all have the the same solution to whatever everything that i think that you know it's funny though you watch emergency now it really uh... brings up to get on how technology is advanced as many of these that the bring out the big briefcase just to talk to the hospital you bring out this big red suitcase like you're a grandma's luggage for about um... where abby pocket I don't want to see it. It's painful to watch. Watch TV for fun. It's a break from reality. You don't watch TV to relax. You watch all those too hot for TV and the cop shows. I watch Fox on the Weekend Man. Wow. You've got to watch it at 13.9. Scariest police chases. 13.9. That's great. They don't build up the character. So I don't care if the guy falls off the bridge. It doesn't matter to me. They can show the guy who hit the tray but then they just go on to the next one. Yeah, it's fun. It's like Expendable People. Well, thanks for calling. Hey, no problem. All right. Take care guys. Bye. Bye. Very good. Well, we found her. There she was. She was a little firecracker. Yeah. 212-757-1027 if you want to talk today. Hey, you guys were hysterical on Friday ripping up Carol Miller, man. You should replay a tape of that, man. She couldn't come back with anything. No, not really. One of these days we'll have to play that again. I got to tell you, man. You were talking to a tub of water. You know, she couldn't come back with anything. You guys are great. Well, we exposed... You were the best part of that whole stupid special. Well, we exposed a lot of people around here for what they are. That's fine. Hasbens. That was his... Dead weight. This whole station's filled with hasbens. Anchors. You should see how they walk around the hallways. Watch out. Muny can't probably even breathe, right? Do they have them on a ventilator? Hey, hey, hey. Leave Muny alone. Even we're not that bad. Even we're not that stupid. Oh, come on. We would love to rebuild this station with a fresh, younger Scott Muny. Unfortunately, we don't get that. We need to get some of his DNA and clone him. So we get the Muny from like 1967. Yeah, they broke that mold. The 70s, man. The late 70s. Him and the groovy Muny with the big pork chop sideburns. 1027 WNEW, the rug of New York, golden earring. Eve-6 before that. Inside out, it's Opie and Anthony. And a lot of people are talking about Steve Phillips, the general manager of the Mets today. He's got a little sexual harassment suit pending, it looks like. It looks like he had some consensual sex with an employee. And then it looks like she got ticked off and now she's screaming sexual harassment. That's what's bad about that law. That could just happen. I mean, all of a sudden, your name is dragged through the mud because both of you decide to get a little frisky with each other. Yes. Actually, the reason they're in the paper is because one of them decided to end it. Yeah, I think that's obvious. Well, he's married, 10 years, two kids. And from his statement he made, it sounds like he's had a couple of these little events. Chris. Yeah, well, there's a guy in the line here and he thinks he knows why guys cheat on their wives with someone from work. Wow. Let's hear. Enlighten us. Hold on to your hats. Hi, N.E.W. I tell you that the women were in the f***ing workplace. This wouldn't happen. And they dress like whores. And what do you expect? These guys get horny and the girls are hornier. And they want to climb the corporate ladder. And as soon as everything goes bad, they're crying sexual harassment. It's ridiculous already. Wow. You know what I'm saying? So you're saying it's because the girls are dressing like whores. Exactly. And these guys can't control themselves. Could you? I mean, you're a guy. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, but there's a difference. Sure, there's a bunch of ladies around here that love to bang, but that's where it ends. You know? That's where it ends? Yeah. I'm not kidding. What am I going to do? Hey, Anthony, I'll be back in 20 minutes. I'm going to go bang what's-her-name. It doesn't work like that. It's like, hey, you want to get a couple of drinks for happy hour. Everybody. My friend works at Wall Street, right? Yeah. They all go out. They sexually harass their secretaries the whole day. And if the secretary's cool, it's okay. If it's not okay, then she gets upset or she loses her job right away. You know, she's having a bad day. Oh, I'm going to sue the whole office. All right. I think you're going to start something today. Ladies, this guy says that the reason guys cheat otherwise is because the girls at work are dressed like whores and you can't help yourself. Thanks a lot, man. Bye. Bye. Watch the phones ring now. That's a bold statement. I don't know. Yikes. They're ringing like crazy. Okay. We'll be right back in here. One or two seven W. Any W. The Rock of New York. Another track from tracks. Bruce Springsteen. That was called Seven Angels. We're playing a lot of those tracks for you here on any W this week. It's open, Anthony. The phones have absolutely exploded. That guy has sparked a hit a nerve, I guess we should say. Yeah. He was saying that he said the reason guys cheat at work is because you girls dress like whores girls on the workforce. And that's basically what he said. Guys can't control themselves. We're obviously talking about Steve Phillips and the mess that is going down in the Met's front office. Oops. Had a little affair. Sexual harassment case that is pending now, it looks like. And we're trying to get to the bottom of why married guys cheat. Simple as that. And the guy does call in and say because first of all, ladies shouldn't be in the work place. Yeah, he goes, the women in the workforce, they all dress like whores and us guys, it drives them crazy. That's so wrong. The girls do use it to their advantage in cases like this, I think the case with the Met's GM. It's, I don't know if you're in a relationship with a girl, you know how girls can get sometimes if you break up with them. Right. They go crazy. They'll do anything to get back at you. What guy hasn't in some relationship in his life come out to slash tires or, you know, broken windshield or dead raccoon hanging from your door. That is me. Yeah, I know. I just brought back some horrible memories for me. But it's true. So think about these guys. This guy's got a lot of money. He's a high profile guy. Mm hmm. He's having a little relationship with this girl, calls it off. What's she going to do? Big chat, she's saying sexual sexual harassment. Yeah. So you never know. And you know something? Maybe it's true. Maybe he said, hey, baby. I'll get you a better job if you go to bed with me. But I don't know. I doubt it because his track record is pretty bad because there's a lot of trists that he's had in his past. Yeah. Oh well. But everyone wants to comment on this. Let's go. The phone's real fast. Hi, Andy W. All right, guys. Listen, love your show. Thank you. That guy who was just on the phone is completely out of his mind. That's obvious. Well, I mean, you tell me. Because women dress like horses. Does that give us the right to completely lose our mind? Not at all. Yeah, like cavemen. We'll just creep up behind them. Like Quest for Fire. Was that the movie about the caveman and the girl bent over in the cave and he just like ran over to her? Something like that. That's what the office is like these days. My wife works down on Wall Street and I got to tell you something. No matter what it is, she's got people above her. She's got people below her. And everything's changed. There's a whole respect level. But you know what? Anybody who's fooling around with their secretary, they're going to cash out for it anyway somewhere along the line. Yeah, it's all going to come down. You're right. But it's a shame, though, because the whole Met's front office now is already messed up and it's going to be even worse now than it is. And they need him right now. All these deals are going on and we don't have our best player. We got Frank Hashen. You see how old he is? They broke him out of retirement to be the general manager for a little while? Oh my lord. He's trying to sign Tom Sievers back. He's got a good deal with Cleon Jones. He's trying to work on it. I don't want you guys to turn into a sports radio program because there are a bunch of other ones on the radio already. You guys are too good at it. But I got to tell you something. I listen to Howard in the morning, you guys in the afternoon. But we have to worry about music. I got comedy all day long. Hey, thanks a lot. It's a great thing, guys. Great job. All right. Take care. Well, I got me some good points there, huh? Yeah. I think we have time for one more. Hi, Andy W. Hey, this isn't a response, especially now after that lady talk. It's not that it's got nothing to do with just the workplace. It's got to do with that little band most men put on their fingers. When the women get that up their fingers, it's like a chastity belt. They clamp up, man, and then after the children, it even gets worse. And you know the old saying, men don't live by bread alone. So you're saying that guys cheat on their wives because the sex gets worse after marriage. Hell yeah. Women don't want to put out no more. Once they get from girlfriend to wife, I don't know what that will happen. It's a complete turnaround. You know, I've heard that argument from a bunch of guys that as soon as you get married, you know, count on 50% of your sex life going away. At least. And then after the children forget about all your sex life. Yeah, that's what I heard. And then after you have kids, it really goes down the toilet. Like you never have sex anymore. But then as a man, you're expected to remain faithful. Exactly. And how many men do you know can remain faithful? You know, men are whatever. Men are from Mars, women from Venus. Completely different animals. I don't know how the women do it, but a man can't do it. I guess a man is expected to just go to that back room at the video store that the curtains hide. Oh yeah, right? Yeah. Use a little loop. Yeah, take care of himself that way. Don't work that way. All right, man. You guys are doing great. Thanks for adding to the discussion. OK, take care. Bye bye. This is starting to get interesting. We need to hear from more ladies, though. 212-757-1027. At PleasurePlay.com, we have an incredible stock of adult toys and videos and your privacy is guaranteed. You must be 18 years or older to access an order from PleasurePlay.com. Who's that? That's a mom. Yeah, that voice sounds hot. Yum yum, give me some. All right, Christina is in the studio. I'm getting a dirty look from the person that actually did the voice on that spot. But Christina from Promotions ran in. She's been listening to our show down the hallway and she wants in on this little discussion. I think that last caller who called in, that guy, he said, you know, the woman wants to stop having sex after they get married. I think women have such good reasons who not want to have sex after they get married. The guy has this comfort factor. They get married, they stop showering, they stop shaving, they sit around farting and scratching between their legs. Who wants to have sex with that? You're kidding me. I mean, you know, it's not the woman here, it's the guy. I mean, women, typically when they're 35, 40 years old, they're in their sexual prime. Of course they're going to want to have sex with something attractive. Wait, let me write this down. So I should start showering again? Don't fart. Don Johnson thing isn't happening. No tears that you could breathe. You're kidding me. I mean, give women some credit here. You bring up a valid point. A lot of these guys that say, you know, I don't understand that the sex is gone. You know, you get the big beer belly. Come on. The ladies let themselves go too though. Absolutely. Come on. The fair is fair. Some ladies out there go, huh, I'm married now. I don't have to try as hard. And they start taking dumps in front of you. While you're trying to take a shower, you're like, what the hell are you doing? Get out of here. Not all women do that. It's mostly, you have to admit, it's mostly the guys that get this big beer belly. They're out, you know, four nights a week with their guy friends watching the Giants game. I mean. I don't know. A lot of women let themselves go too. Yeah. Rosie O'Donnell leading their ho-ho. Rosie says it's okay to eat ho-hos and get an ass-like attractor trailer. If you, oh, that's another one. and say, you know, if you really loved me, it wouldn't matter how fat I got. There's a thing in the Andlanders today about that. A woman had some back surgery and all of a sudden she blew up. She wasn't married to this guy but in a relationship with him. He said, look, you've got to lose the weight or I'm going to move on. He's being honest with her because he can't, he wants to spend his life with a woman that's not attractor trailer ass. And that's fine. Well, no, that's a valid point. I mean, that's definitely something you really, if you love somebody enough and you respect that person enough, you're going to actually want to look good for them. Right. You know, it's as simple as that. Or at least look as good as you can. You know, I understand there's some messes out there and there's no help for them, but there's also people that completely let themselves go thinking it's okay. You also, I think a pretty good judge in the beginning is like, look at the woman's mother or look at the guy's father. Oh, yeah. It really is. Believe it or not, it really is. I always used to look at my girlfriend's mothers. It really is. That is the key. When you go over the girl, you finally go over the girlfriend's house and the mother's like job of the hut sitting in this big chair eating. Oh, you rollers in her hair. Yeah. The supermarket. And just like, oh, and the bad thing is you look at her face real deep with a fat and kids and you're like, Oh my God, it's my girlfriend. It's in the eyes. I see it, but it's her. It's my girlfriend. If she was looking in a fun house mirror. It's so true. I mean, it's one of those things, the respect factor, you know, I mean, you want to look good for yourself also, but sure. Right. It goes both ways. If you don't have the self-esteem to look good for yourself, at least do it for your man. You know, all right. Very good, Christina. Bravo. Thank you. Thank you. Well, woman's view. We need that on the show from time to time. Oh, and she, and she dragged this into Aerosmith. This just announced, huh? December 27th at Continental Airlines Arena tickets on sale this Friday through Ticketmaster. That's very cool. All right. Well, thank you. And a bunch of step out so we can look at that cute caboose on the way out. Oh, sorry. I got a picture of my mom in my wallet. Yeah. Can we check out your mom? My mom's hot. Is she? She totally is. Well, Christina's hot too. So, yeah. I want to see how hot your mom is. She really is. She's 49. She looks, I was looking at wedding pictures from her over the, over the weekend. Does she go? Oh, sorry. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. This microphone's going to be straight up in your butt. Don't ask her that. Don't ask about my mother. Oh my. Don't ask about my mother. You don't ask about my mother. Goose. What does that mean anyway? Well, she's talking about how hot she is. So, you know, why else would I want to know how hot a girl is? Oh, you are despicable, Opie. You know what? I'm going to fly right over this console right here. All right. All right. 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York, the latest from Whole Celebrity Skin. Speaking of Courtney Love, I was watching The People vs. Larry Flint this weekend with my brother. I rented that, yeah. Oh, she's so freaking hot in that movie. The slutty Courtney. Little skank hoe that she is. Yeah. Mm-mm-mm. Know what the problem with that movie is though? What? You're really into the movie and you're starting to believe it. And then Larry Flint plays the judge. Oh yeah, he did. It's like, oh, oh, thanks for taking me right out of the movie. I'm going to have to ask you to settle down. You have to ask her to settle down. Control yourself, my little white cat. Kind of ruined the credibility factor. Horrible. Didn't the director say, you know, maybe we should just have Larry Flint in a cameo where he's just like sitting on a park bench and the camera just kind of, you know, goes by him real fast. A la like Alfred Hitchcock. Did you need to give him a talking role in that movie? Interrupted. And then I watched 16 Candles. Haven't seen that movie in a long time. Oh yeah, wow. What were you doing? Renting from the evolution? The evolution of film. With Long Duck Dong. I forgot about that. And Anthony Michael Hall when he was really funny. But anyway, all right, we're talking about guys and girls and why guys geno their wives and vice versa. It's a pretty good discussion today. Well, it's it's hitting a nerve. That's for sure. You got a good instant feedback, Anthony. Mike South Brunswick. I've been married for five years. Here's how pathetic it gets. Instead of getting together with my friends, drinking, smoking, getting wild for the jet game like I did when I was single, I spent my Sunday standing with the rest of the schmoes in the electronics department of Sterns while my wife looked for clothes for the kids. That's where you end up. This is very treacherous ground for a guy. Some guys fall into it and that's it. It's over. They realize that their life is done for whatever they wanted to do. Maybe when they were single. And this is what they're in. They're not happy, but they're not miserable. And that's the way they'll live their life out. Other guys want to break away. Those are the guys that are vulnerable. If a girl comes up to them, you start feeling like, you know, all dejected. If a girl wants to have sex with you, you're going to be like, this is great. This girl likes me. Well, thank God they invented Home Depot where we can all go together and get away for a while and mull around by the lumber. And ever since they put the strip clubs in the middle of the Home Depot, you're not supposed to say that. Sorry. None of the girls know about that. I was talking to my buddy Rob. Two weeks ago we had to go to Home Depot. And I'm like, wouldn't it be perfect if they opened up a strip club right next to Home Depot? Then you could just go, yeah, I'm going to Home Depot. I'm going to Home Depot. You got your excuse. Yeah, how long would it take before it's like, well, you don't go to that strip bar next to it. You know it. Yeah. You just got to hang out with the rest of the guys online with your big lumber hanging out of your cart. Hey, oh yeah, that's a nice door. Boy, that fixture looked great outside my door at home. Oh. Rolling through the aisles. Oh, look at that, a light that turns on when you pull your car into the driveway. Boy, we could use that for the wife and kids. Hey, oh, look, a ball-peen hammer. Excuse me, could you just smash it over my head? Terrible. Your weekends are taken up by doing home improvement projects. What the hell happened? I wanted to go over to my friend's house and watch the Jets, drink some beer and have fun. Instead, you're putting in a new doorknob, and we're picking out window treatments. Well, this guy has a list of things that you should look for, or you'll be driving a minivan. All right. I think he's actually abusing you, Anthony. Oh, he is. I think. I have a feeling. Hi, N.E.W. This is a recording. Hello? Hi, N.E.W. Yeah, you know when you're a beaten man and a guaranteed path to drive a minivan? Excuse me. Please pay $0.05 for the next 10 minutes. To put a nickel in. I just did. Number one, you lost your balls as a real man to pick up a dead animal with your bare hands. Number two, you're vacuumed before you come to work. Number three, instead of going out with the guys who go pumpkin picking and having a warm cider. Number four, you're going to run a science fair with your in-laws. Number five is the quencher. It comes to a child who has like a sick in-breeding thing that when you get wood, when you see a yellow goop like a car, it's gonna drive a minivan. All right, you're smart-ass. Wait a minute. Come on. He got to. Come on, like I'm gonna... So what, I didn't pick up the dead cat on my front lawn with my bare hands. That makes me a guy that's ready to drive a minivan? I could have been rabid. Might have still been alive. But you do have to vacuum before you go to work. I don't vacuum anymore. I used to vacuum. For some reason, because when Jen was also working, she felt I had to chip in with the chores. Now the Jen isn't working. She does the vacuum. I don't vacuum anymore. So that cancels out two of those. Do you still get wood when you see the school bus? No, and it wasn't when I saw a school bus. For some reason, when I was 13 or 14 going to the junior high, I was on the school bus. Something would happen, and I would get the morning wood on the school bus. It doesn't happen anymore. It hasn't happened since I was 14 years old. So can that. Pumpkin picking and warm cider was you. All right. All right. That was Opie that did that. Yes, that was me. And the Renaissance Fair with the in-laws? Yes. Yes, okay. I did do that, but I sure didn't smile and whistle Dixie doing it, did I? And you're going to the Christmas show. When is that, Ant? That's in a couple weeks. I was hoping we could just move along on this. Yes, yes, my mother-in-law is coming down from Boston with Annie Marg, who is I think now 97 years old. And she's blind, or mostly blind. And we're going to the goddamn Christmas show at Radio City Music Hall. That should be fun. Yeah, well I have to drive up for Thanksgiving. And then the day after Thanksgiving, me, Jen, my mother-in-law, and Annie Marg all have to get into the car and drive back down here. So why can't you guys just have Thanksgiving down here, do the Christmas show, and everything's fine? What are you, stupid? What are you, crazy, Opie? What? Why? Sounds logical. You bastard. What? Nothing, nothing, fine, fine. You want to do that? You do it, fine. Oh, that's what she tells you? Oh, so you've got to drive 250 miles. 250 miles, Thanksgiving, up there, load them all in the car, drive down for the whole weekend in New York City with my mother-in-law and Annie Marg, who is going to see a Christmas show and she's blind. I could prop the Lion King tape in a big screen TV in front of her and tell her it's the Christmas show. She wouldn't even know. And who's paying for all this? Me, me, Opie. I'll be footing the bill. Isn't that great? That's wonderful. Yeah. Okay, you have fun. All right, how to bring that up? Well, the caller did. He remembers. He remembers your hell. Thanks. All right. On the way, we got the doors, U2. 1027W, N.E.W., the Rock of New York. Kenny Wayne Shepard, Somehow, Somewhere, Someway, U2, before that from the Joshua Tree. Don't forget, it's another N.E.W. world premiere broadcast, a new release from U2's The Best of 1980 to 1990. Two hours of music and conversation about the rise of U2 during the 80s. It's happening tomorrow night at 10 p.m. right here on the Rock of New York, N.E.W. We never got to Ugly Bride today. I know. Well, you know. Play it tomorrow, I guess. Look at the phones. They're going nuts. I know. We touched the nerve today. Talking about relationships and why a lot of relationships go south after marriage. Actually, in all fairness, we are hearing from a lot of couples that are saying that their relationships are absolutely fabulous. Great. Still have, yeah. An active sex life, they get along. Yeah. But that's kind of boring radio, so I'd rather listen to the people on the radio. Listen to the guys that are miserable and try to find out why they're miserable. It's a little more productive than just hearing someone say how great their marriage is. Yeah. The guy that was driving the minivan earlier. Yeah. You know, he used to drive a minted out T-Bird, he said. And now he finds himself just driving a minivan. And he doesn't know what happened. It's horrible. You just can't even look back and go, wait a minute. What happened? I was driving a T-Bird. And I was banging girls left and right. Now I'm married, don't have sex. Oh my God, I'm in a minivan. How did it happen? Do minivans have great stereo systems? No, it's a big box. It's just a big box that you get in and ugh. I wonder how many people are listening to us right now in their minivans, hating us going, F you guys. Usually can't put anything in the back because there's like a baby car seat back there and just toys, baby toys. Just a mess. All right. Well, Stephanie writes through the fax line, 212-957-WNEW, Opie and Anthony, relationships go to hell after marriage because men insist on marrying women who will make them miserable. I see lots of fun loving guys who fall in love with women who don't like their friends, who don't like their lifestyles. The women just want to get them roped in so they can change the guide to the way the woman thinks they should be. Of course then the man's miserable and resents the bitch. Then she decides she's not happy with the way he came out and the relationship is shot. You want a good relationship, marry a spirited woman who is happy with her own life and doesn't want to change yours, Stephanie. Interesting. I think when guys get married you can give a point system to what you like about the girl and why you're marrying her. You get along with each other from one to ten. It could be five or six, seven, just everything else. Line it up, give it a number. The sex thing is so high on the list. It's like a sex, oh it's ten. It's a ten right now. So it makes everything else, it doesn't even matter. We get along pretty good. She's a good cook. All sex, I've got to marry her. Then you get married, she doesn't let me go out with my friends. But the sex is great. I don't want to go out with my friends. Sex is great. Sex is great. Then when you get married, a lot of these guys you find out you're not having the sex anymore. Then you're stuck with all the other columns that you gave low scores to. The fact that you can't go out with your friends for Monday night football anymore. The fact that you're driving a minivan instead of your Trans Am. Then you're stuck. The fact that all her friends hate you. And you hate all of them. And you hate all her friends. There is some misery going on out there. Just some misery. We're hearing it. We'll go to the phones again in a little bit here. We're running really late. Notes on the way. We've got Metallica doing Turn the Page. Yeah, I want to hear that. If you didn't hear it earlier, it's cool. It really is cool. Yeah, stick around for that. I like it. I like it a lot. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. Metallica, their cover of Turn the Page. What do you think, Anthony? I like it. We've got to get the boys up here. We've talked to them a few times in the past. Yeah! Very, very cool guys. Don't have attitudes or egos. That's off the album Garage Incorporated. It's an album filled with covers, right? Cover tunes. We're in Rolling Stone here. Rolling Stone here. It says, 27 tracks of their favorite metal and punk songs and one by Bob Seeger. I guess that would be that one. Let's see, artist songs from renowned tunes by Motorhead, Leonard Skinner, Diamondhead, to medleys of songs by Black Sabbath, Blue Eyes to Cult, and the blood spitting metal band Merciful Fate. Neat. Yeah. Cool. I like that a lot. Yeah. We will not be smashing that one. I will carefully place it over here. That's too bad. We need a little more of that on our radio show. Yeah, we could use a little more of that. We're just tweaking up a little bit. Actually, the music sounded great today. Yeah. If you notice, we tweaked it a little bit. I hope you're enjoying it. Just a little tweaking going on. I am. I'm enjoying it. Okay, very good. Well, the phones are still ringing like crazy. We talked about relationships today. Look at the time. I know. We'll let Matt start showing a little bit here. Hi, N.E.W. Hey, how's it going boys? All right. Listen, I want to call on the flip side of this whole thing here. Yeah, hit it. All right, listen. I'm 22 years old. I'm making excellent money. I'm with a new girl every night. I got my little sports car, my motorcycle. What the hell would I want to get married for? How does it feel? Oh, it's excellent. Whoa, that's a marriage. And then she sums it up in a good relationship. Both people get into what the other enjoys and there's no need to look outside the marriage for anything. You guys are great. Keep it up, Chrissy. What do the friends do? They invite over. Watch. I don't know. Maybe they go outside and toss the ball around while she gives them the whew. It's just another side of it. We saw a lot of little stories today. We heard a lot of little takes on marriage and relationships today. And she gives them a whew during halftime. That's fabulous. That's what every guy's dream comes true. Well, during the game. That's great. Okay. You all right? Just thinking about that. Oh, yeah. Where are we? She's perfect. Oh, we're in the radio station. Jesus. Okay. Trying to end the show. Yeah, that's a good note. We'll end with that. Chrissy, God loves you, man. All right. We'll have to go. I'll see you next time. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. We'll have to get to Ugly Bride tomorrow. Yeah. I saved the page and everything. Actually, I want to do a new thing today, too, because Anthony is the king of trivia. And I know a lot of shows, you know, they do trivia. It's kind of boring stuff. But we figured we'd try something. Anthony knows pretty much everything about the Brady Bunch. Yeah, I'm a fag. And I wanted to see how many questions you could get in a row before someone stumps you. And we were going to give out prizes and stuff, but we went down another road today. So maybe we'll do that tomorrow as well. Yeah, we could do that. All right. Thanks for listening. We appreciate it. Matt Devotees up next. Matt, you got cool tunes tonight. And what year are we up to in the special? Oh, you had to say you had a special. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up.