 Rock of New York, Stevie Ray Vaughn, Tightrope, from In Step. It's Opie and Anthony. You're listening to the evolution of the Rock of New York where in the year 1989 we are two songs from entering the 90s. Into the 90s. Yes, we'll be in the 90s in the very near future. I was listening on the way in. 89 for music. Yeah? Yeah, getting much better toward the end of 89. I noticed we blew off all the hairband stuff. That went into one little music capsule. It was all in a cute little... All that music montage. I thought you and I would have to pull out the big gong for our show today. The big 80s gong? The big 80s gong. Hair band. Every band had to have it behind the drum kit. Every rose has its thorn. Oh, sit through that. And the spinning drum kits and the burning drum kits. And the flying V guitars and all that fun stuff. But I guess we're not going to play a lot of that. Good. Because it was all in that montage. Stevie Ray, rock. If you haven't figured it out yet, the montages are all the songs that we're not going to play for you. Yeah. Okay, we do have poison on the way. What poison song are we playing? Skinny Bop Bop. Yeah. Midnight Oil, The Black Crows will get us into the 90s. from 1989 from Rush. All right. It's also FU Friday. We're not going to let that slide by today. So if you want to send an FU in, you can do that. The fact line is 212-957-WNEW. All right. Right. You want to get the weather break out of the way real fast here, Anthony? Yeah. And now the WNEW Weekend Weather Check sponsored by Godzilla on home video. The forecast is? Um. Well, it's colder than it's been. Mm hmm. A little nippy. Um, like partly cloudy. I think that's a safe bet. I think there's going to be some sunshine this weekend. It's going to be pretty much as cold as it has been. Okay. There's the weather. Okay. This weekend, buy a copy of Godzilla, the monster action adventure hit Godzilla. Come on, Anne, sing. All right. Enough. Enough. Enough. Is there a button you can hit to make this stop? 1027-WNEW, the rock of New York. Poison, unskinny, bop bop. Well, let me just punch up a few, just right off the top here. All right. All right. Joe and Jersey, get this unskinny bop bull off the air. Let Carol Scandal Miller play it. Scandal? Scandal. You want to send a nephew out to poison for putting out that, uh, lovely piece of music. And people wonder why Nirvana was so huge. Yeah. It was because of songs like that. Everyone was just waiting for something new and different. Horrible. I think we're still a year away from Nirvana hitting the scene, right? 1991, if I'm not mistaken. Karen from Jersey. Ah, no, you aren't really going to play unskinny bop, are you? Please say it ain't so. Yeah, it's just another tidbit that we enjoy playing here. And we're sending that out to Pat and Mike on the LIE. They enjoyed that song. Remember the puffy head. Ah. Hey, Cece, they all like, it wasn't even like a human. There was like men, women, and then 80s rock stars. Like chicks. They all went around with the big puffy hair dudes. Little cutesy outfits. They all got more action than you and I. Yeah. Well, but it doesn't even matter. But I refuse to go down that road to get chicks. No way. The hairspray and the eye makeup. When it finally came out, like Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, I mean, those are guys that could go from the stage to the street. You could walk down the road and go into the corner deli, what have you. What about the big headband with the feather thing, the purple feather down the side, the big puffy hair, the spandex leopard print pants, the shirt that was real tight with the Japanese lettering on it. What the hell was that look? I don't know. Like any guy was going to, after a while, got the point. Like, guy looks like a fat. I'm listening to this. So I don't know. And midnight oil before that with Blue Sky Mine. And we got a call from a guy going, hey, whatever happened to Midnight Oil? I'll tell you what happened to Midnight Oil. They put out crap like Blue Sky Mine and their record deal was done. God. That was it for those boys pretty much. All right. So this is the evolution of the Rock in New York. We're in the year 1990 and the FUs are coming in like crazy. Most people are sending out FUs to the air pollution of the Rock in New York, sending out FUs to Carol Miller, sending out FUs to you and I for trashing this whole thing. Yeah. All right. So we got those out of the way. Any other FUs send them in. All right. All right. 212-957-WNEW. I'm sure someone did you wrong this week and we'll read it on the air. Okay. How long has this thing been going on? For eight days. Isn't it? It just seems like forever. I know it's funny. We started a week ago with all the hippie music and stuff from the, you know, 1967. Do you honestly think the people that were listening last Friday are listening today? Yeah. Yeah. I like Procol Haram, but then I like hearing on Skinny Bob. How could he go from? Yeah. And I got a DeVita. Oh, please. To Poison and Motley Crue and stuff. So. It's just what they call a cluster. F. 1027-WNEW, the Rock in New York, Faith No More and Epic. It's the evolution of the Rock in New York. We're in the year 1990. I like that song. In excess before that, Paul Simon, the obvious child. Anthony liked that one a lot. Oh yeah. I was just jumping for joy when that one came on. Just not a song you want to hear on a Friday afternoon after a long day of working. Oh, slow motion killed me. We're trying to move forward here and Billy Idol Cradle of Love. Name the movie. Oh, what do you mean? Name the movie. Name the movie. Billy Idol Cradle of Love. Yeah. Well, you can name the movie. That was a big hit. That was a hit movie. Millions of people spent their hard earned dollars to see me, the Dice Man, in that movie. Fort Fair Lane, yes. You snap ahead. There hasn't been a movie that good out since then. Titanic, what's that piece of crap? Fort Fair Lane, that was a movie. And that was the last thing you actually did, Dice, I believe. Boy, you an asshole. You're going to sit here and mock me? No, I'm just staying the audience. Go play your 80s music. Go do your infomercial for the best of the 80s. All right, easy. Snap ahead. Look at both of you, you couple of jackoffs. We're finally in the 90s. Couple of jackoffs. We're finally in the 90s, Dice. Your career started going downhill in the 90s. I was big in the 90s. No, you were big in the 80s. You were big in the 80s. I made a comeback. I made a big comeback in the 90s. What was your comeback? I could still pack out Madison Square Garden. I just don't feel like it. Oh, I see. So instead, what are you doing, Dice? I do what I want. I do what I want. Not like you. Go play your music. Play your music, puppet. Go ahead, huh? You call Kyra Miller puppet, you two is a puppets. You still playing the songs? Yeah, we are. Yeah, bitch, all you want. You're still playing the songs. Wait, I'll explain myself. The reason we're playing the songs is... Yeah, explain. Because they took all the other CDs out of the studio, except for the 1990 CDs. You don't have none at home? You couldn't have brought in some from home? What's the matter? The Dice Man is now smarter than these two jerkoffs. That's a good idea, actually. Maybe someone could run down with their CDs if they're working close to the studio. I brought some of my collection. You want to play some, huh? I don't think... I got here, I got the best of the Dice Man. No, no, no, no. The Dice Man Comet. I got the soundtrack of Fort Fair Lane. We'll get in trouble. I got here's the Dice Man. Now we'll get in trouble with the SEC if we play this stuff. The Dice Man and the Gun. Shut this thing up. Now that'd be the good stuff, huh? But you don't want to play that, loser. Keep playing this crap, loser. Keep playing. Get your hands off of me. Get your hands off of me. I ain't leaving when I... Get off of me, all of you. Just take him out of here. Bye, Dice. I'm going to get my mic back. God, I hate that guy. No, he's cool. He's the most entertaining thing that has happened on our show this week. Hey, it is FU Friday. Andy writes, were we ever this stupid? I think I'm in high school again. Please push fast forward. I'm trying to work here. FU to Charlie at ENY from the tax compliance staff for searching a staff person's pocketbook before escorting her out on her last day. Whoa, that's always a good move. What were you going to find? A hole to post it? That's always a good scene when someone gets the boot and they got to carry the box past all the people. The box. The box of surprises. They give you the box for your desk. Here you go. You got to load it up with your little plaques and your little pictures of your family, your vase, your little plant. Yeah, your little plant. That you haven't watered in six months. Your papers. You just got to walk past everybody looking at you. Well, I'll see you guys again. All right? We'll get together. Yeah, sure. You never get together with the people that leave. You remember the people at your last job? Yeah. You really see them a lot, don't you? It is FU Friday. This is for Derek Jeter. Start effing Mariah Carey again. You know you want to. Do it for all of us guys who never will. Andy, you see the picture of Derek Jeter in the paper today? Yes. Getting some again. No, actually the story goes they were both at a party and Mariah Carey was flirting with him big time, tried three or four times and Derek gave her the brush off. All right. So she went home lonely. Well, she probably went back to Puffy. You think? Yeah, probably. I think you have to, you know, get her to go home. I think after your girlfriend does Puffy, there's no reason to even attempt to go back there. No going back. No. You did Puffy? What do you think? You take the skirt down and you just see gang signs spray painted on her inner thighs at that point? Oh man, Puffy was here. Great. All right, FU Friday, the facts line 212-957-WNEW. On the way, prepare yourself. We've got some Eric Johnson, the Vaughn brothers. What? What? You're grimacing. What? Say it. Say it. Well, the band's cool. I mean, it's easy top from Recycler. 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York. Black Crows. It's the evolution of the Rock of New York. We're in the year 1990. We're in the year 2000. We're in the year 2000. We're in the year 2000. We're in the year 2000. We're in the year 2000. We're in the year 2000. We're in the year 2000. We're in the year 2000. We're in the year 2000. We're in the year 2000. We're in the year 2000. We're in the year 1990. Jealous again. Eric Johnson before that clips of Dover. And we heard half of the Vaughn brothers doing TikTok. And the phones are lit. People are ticked off because we took the Vaughn brothers off the radio. Anthony, come on now. That song. Hi, NEW. Hello. Hi. What's going on? How the hell could you take the Vaughn brothers off? The Vaughn brothers? That whore wouldn't know a good song if she heard it. Vaughn brothers TikTok blows. Yeah. Hey. Hey, Steve Ray Vaughn, a legend. Let's play Couldn't Stand the Weather or something else. No, you couldn't. No, you got a blonde little wing. TikTok, I like to suck on a big fat hairy. That song blows. Hey, I know. If you can't admit that, that song blows. And then put 10 other Steve Ray Vaughn songs we should have played. You could have put Little Wing on or something. Exactly. But no, what we had to play was TikTok, My T*** is Big. You guys don't pick the songs, right? It's a tape? It's a tape. It's a tape. It's not a tape. It's a list of crap. I know, but you should have crossed that one out and put in your own f***ing one. We did. Halfway through, we realized that songs suck. I know. Well, that was great. Eric Johnson, man. All right. So stop complaining. I know, but you know. Eric Johnson wasn't even on the playlist. We added that instead of TikTok. We understand it was Steve Ray, but you got to understand something. Occasionally, even Steve Ray had to take a dump. All right. Dump out the black crows or put on some Joe Satriani or something. All right. We got to get the hell out of here. All right, man. It's all who you talk to, I guess. Pretty much. Yeah. I would rather go pumpkin picking and wine tasting with my wife than listen to this crap. At least you are finally in the years when I was constantly getting laid, Chad from North Virginia, New Jersey. Hopi and Anthony, thanks to the evolution of rock, I know now why I drank to excess for most of the 80s. All this 80s segment has done for me is to bring back memories of big haired men, big haired women and white Capizio dance shoes. Oh, if I never hear on Skinny Bop again, I'll be happy. So would I. Now I'm having flashbacks of bad Billy Idol and his snarl. Is it over yet? Keep up the good work, guys. Leslie, Marybeth and Jersey, I've come to the conclusion that your program director is just saving all the sucky songs just for you. Today actually rolled along pretty nicely music wise until it came time for your show. I think Carol Mill is paying someone off to get you give you all the cheeseball stuff. Yeah, maybe. Who knows? Well, no, it's on the way. What bad company? Bad company. I. Well, wait a minute. No, 1990 bad company. Yeah. With what's his name? That wasn't even bad company. Wasn't Paul Rodgers or anybody. No, holy water. That was a horrible album. Horrible. But we're going to reminisce together with that one. Iggy Pops on the way. All right. Jane's Addiction's on the way. Yeah, now we're talking. So excited yet. I mean, how do you even come out of that? I mean, is there any way to even like sound cool coming out of that? Yeah. Little bad go for you. I'm a defeated dog. I like the dog you leave outside during Thanksgiving dinner. And it's like, you know, thirty eight degrees out and he's freezing and he's by himself in the yard. That's how I feel right now. Just had it. Yeah, we were all, you know, trust me, pumped up at the beginning of the week. This is no stick. Trust me. God, it's it's Brian Howe on vocals. It's like I don't even have the energy to break it. Look, look. Oh, wow. He's cool. He breaks CD. Oh, I don't even care. There it goes. What a mess. It's OK. Monday, we will be back to our regular program. We we could sit through some of these really God awful tunes because at least we're up to the 90s. Now there's some good ones peppered in there. But we do have to sit through some like that. OK. Great. OK. What's up, you Friday? You guys suck. The qualifications for becoming a DJ have obviously plummeted to an embarrassing low. Yeah, you guys are unprofessional idiots since this line pisses me right the F off. Since when are DJs supposed to voice their personal opinion of what they're playing? Shut up and play the music. No one cares how much you hate the 80s. I never said I hate the 80s. Blow me HRD from New Milford, New Jersey. HRD, let me let me give you a little lesson about what radio was all about. When FM radio did, you know, start, yeah, it was a bunch of rebellious hippies, basically. And what they did was they got as high as they possibly could. They were against the establishment, right? They spoke their minds and they brought in what they wanted to hear. That's what radio was all about. Voice their opinions, voice their opinions, say whatever the hell they wanted about the music, about what was going on in the day. They didn't have a suit. Walk down the hall and hand them a list of tunes to play every day. But see, somewhere along the line, a bunch of guys in suits figured out you can make a ton of money playing the most popular, most requested rock songs. Right. And this is what it has become. This is the hell it is mutated into. Mutated into. You could you could you could go to any radio station right now and and they're all playing crap. Oh, it's all right. We get we I don't even know what to do. We just move on. So move through this. Are we ever going to make it better? Anthony and I, I don't know. We're going to try a little bit, you know, the one good thing is we get to speak our minds openly in between the crap, right? And we're playing this week. And it's funny because the real traditionalists are bashing us and we're just trying to add a little more of what radio was all about years ago. You know, where they did speak their mind. Yeah, but now whether you agree or disagree with us, I mean, that's what it was all about in the past where the jocks did speak their minds somewhere. They played what they wanted. These people's lives, they just got I didn't realize so many people are so stuck on this. This is the way it's supposed to be. Keep in line, color in the lines. Don't go outside or you'll screw something up. Yeah, the DJ is talking about the song. God forbid. God, what is he doing? Relax. It's only radio. You know, to those losers that are listening and feel that way, I bet you we could put an MC Hammer song on and they would enjoy it. Yes, they would assume, you know, somehow some way it fits into this special we're doing. Yeah, it's supposed to. I enjoyed it. Please. One day we will be back. Yes, or. Well, if we're still here, yeah, no one has talked to me in the last two days. I don't know about you. Did anyone talk to you? No, no, I'm not making anybody's Christmas cardless. That's for sure. All right. On the way, we'll try another song from the Vaughn brothers. She did the first one. We only made through half of it. I was a tick tock tick tock song. Yeah, this one is a little better. Gary Moore's on the way. I'm Neil Young from Ragged Glory. Ooh, Guns N' Roses. White Crows, I can handle that. More poison just in case you didn't get enough. Trust me, Anthony and I will not do anything funny or creative today. Just change the goddamn dial and come back Monday. And by the way, F you to that guy that told you guys to shut up. All right. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Change the dial. Bye. All right. Man, she likes to suffer like us. She will not change the dial, Anthony. It wouldn't hurt. Well, you're listening to the air pollution of the Rock in New York. We're stuck in the year 1990 and I just realized something that we're not going to make it to Usual Illusion, which came out in 1991. So can we preview like what they're going to hear later on tonight with Matt Devotee when the music gets cool again? For some reason. You know what else I figured out? Uh, when you have the nineties, we figured out when it gets to the nineties, it's going to be good. I'm going to get some good music. You can't just pick a year and roll through it and get good programming. You have to pick from all different years because there's too much crap to sort through my God. Well, I'm a huge guns and roses fan. Um, we're stuck in the year 1990. This came out in 1991. So we're going to play this. Let's little preview of the next year. That's coming up during the air pollution of the Rock in New York. One of two seven W any W the Rock of New York stuck in the year 1990 midnight oil with another great song. That's forgotten years for the blue sky mining CD. Anthony loved that. Wow. It's open. And I stick. I think, I think, uh, we need to go to the phones here. Two one, two, seven, five, seven, one of two seven and see how everyone is enjoying the rock, uh, the evolution of the rock of the new year, uh, the yeah, exactly. Whatever. Whatever. Hi, any W. Um, hi, I've been in any W listener for the last 20 years. Oh, this doesn't sound good. Go ahead. And I really think so to all my friends that it's horrible the way opi and dopey there have been bashing. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait, first of all, could you come up with something more original? We've heard opi and dopey a million times. So many times. Oh, well, I'm really sorry about that. Okay. Now what have we been doing? I don't like it because it's just me. The 80s music. All right. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, stop there. I never bashed the eighties. Yes, you did. I did. I did. I bashed the whole eighties genre. We bashed the year 1986 yesterday because in general it was a pretty lame year. Okay. You know what? And today to also end 83. Well, there was some good songs in 82 and 83. There were a lot of them because I grew up on that music. Ah, all right. So did all of my friends who've been listening to any W since what, you know, little kids. So it holds a special place in your heart. Yes, it does. That's fine. If you personally don't like it, that's cool. But I'm so mean about it. Wait, I'm expressing my opinion just like you are right now. Well, it's not nice. All right. It's not nice the way you publicly bashing it. Why? Cause it's not. Why? I don't, I don't get that. Why? I don't like it. I'm just a lot of people that like it. How do you like the 90s music? Really mean things. But that's how do you like 90s music? But some of it is okay. Some of it sucks. There you go. Exactly like the 80s. That's what we were saying. But I don't get on the radio and say how horrible it is. If you were, you could. Wait, wait, the point Anthony and I are making, you could take any year during this special. Okay? Please hear me out. I don't, I'm not going to yell at you and having a, you know, a nasty argument. Okay? Uh, you could take any year from this special and I'll be honest, there's some really good songs in every year that we've had on the radio, but there's also been a lot of really bad songs in my opinion. I didn't like every single song. You know what? I agree too. Okay. There were some not so wonderful songs. Some people are saying that Anthony and I are just completely trashing the entire special. No, there was some songs I enjoyed hearing, but there was also a lot of songs. I was like, oh, why do we have to play this? This could have been wrapped up in a Thanksgiving weekend or this should have been done fourth of July. Hey, it's the firecracker 500. You two guys grew up on the 80s music too. Um, sure. Sure. We were there. I was actually, no, why aren't you out partying and all the clubs with all that music? All right. I'll be honest with you with one thing. Oh, you're sitting home doing homework. The rock shows were a lot more interesting in the 80s. The girls dressed to the nines and it was a big, huge show, you know, but it was a show when Nirvana hit the scene. I was, uh, I was completely turned on to rock and roll again, but I definitely enjoyed going to a lot of these concerts in the 80s. You're right. So did I, but I don't need to reflect it. Yeah. You can't, you can't squeeze into those, uh, black spandex anymore. Can you? Right. That's okay though. I might have to lay down on the bed with the square pliers. You have to move on, but I'll get into them, but you have to move on. That's what we're saying. All right. Can I ask you something else? Still great music. Most of it. Can I ask you some else? Yes, sir. Now that we are in the late nineties, do you try to enjoy some of the new rock that any of you plays? Sure. I do. Okay. Great. I still go to all the concerts. I was at Jones beach for the B 52. Okay. Well, well, the B 52 is an 80s band though. I mean, are you into anything that is happening in the nineties? Are you trying to have that same open mind and, and trying to turn yourself onto new music? Yes, I do like some of the new groups. Okay. But that's great. Cause a lot of people, you know, they hit a year might be 75 might be 86 and then they just turned off trying to listen to anything new. You're right. Right. They don't want to go past that. And that's the road to acting just like your parents did the thing that everybody hated and thought, Oh my God, I'm never going to do that. And then most people end up like that. Anyway. Well, you see, my husband is much younger than me and his music was all the late eighties and the nineties, but you know, he still likes the eighties too. There you go. Some of the songs I liked, I love guns and roses. I can't get enough of guns and roses. I like the black crows. All right. I mean, poison. I just can't listen on skinny bop bop anymore. James addiction earlier on been caught stealing. That was a great song. I love that. I can hear that another hundred times. Every rose has its thorn. Oh, the power ballad. Do we need to bring those back? Did I sing a lot of that song when I heard on the radio in the eighties? Yes, I did. I'll admit it, but I don't want to sing along to it anymore. See, it's like, oh, he said the other day, you know, even grandma used to be a great lay, but you gotta move on. Oh, granny's not listening. Yeah. I mean, who wants to see granny having sex now? Yeah. But she was, you know, 23 skidoo hubba hubba back in the day. And we all have different memories for every song you probably enjoy and say, wow, that brings back a great memory for me. It probably brought back a horrible memory for someone else. This is true. So, but all I'm saying is I think if we cut the special down to maybe four days, this could have been some solid rock and roll solid. I could agree with you, but you guys just, some of your listeners too. I'm on the phone. Some of your listeners are really mean. I remember that. Yeah. The listeners have been really mean. Well, the listeners have been, been mean to us. It's just been an interesting week for everyone to say the least. So I'm so glad it's almost over. I never get out of the car because I'm always driving. That's what a mommy does in the nineties. Yeah. And every time I turn the radio on, I heard somebody bashing a decent 80s song. Well, I didn't love every song either, but they have every right to do that. Just like, uh, I just gave you 10 minutes on the radio to express your opinion. People are just expressing their opinions this week. We're making people think. Do we want people to agree with what Anthony and I did this week? No, I don't care. No, but we want you to think a little more than just having a bunch of suits, write up a song list, stick it down your throats and everybody go, Oh, this, it must be good. Cool boy. That's true. So that's all. Well, you have a great weekend. You have a great weekend. You too. And just keep your open mind. That's all we ask for. Okay. But just. All right. Bash them all. I will try to mellow out for the last five songs on Sunday night and then Monday, hopefully we'll be playing like the best, you know, old rock and the best new rock, hopefully. We don't know what's going to happen Monday to be honest with you. So stay tuned. I certainly will. Now be nice though, fellas. I'll turn my radio on tomorrow morning. All right, mommy. I'll share. Okay. All right. Bye. Bye. Don't push it. Please. Hi, any W. Hi, is this open Anthony? Yes. Oh, I love you guys. Thank you. Um, I just wanted to say in terms and relation to what this woman is saying, yeah, I'm 22 and I think the revolution, this revolution kind of sucks, but I'm stuck on it because you guys are doing this, this, um, this time slot. Yeah. And, um, where's that faxing? Go ahead and continue. I'm sorry. Um, I just wanted to shout out a general F you. Okay. So all the conformists who are probably just jealous that they can't take a stand like you do on the radio. Well, I like this. Yeah. Um, I'm real. I love you guys. Like I immediately got hooked on you guys and I would not be able to get through the latter part of my work day. Stainless. It wasn't for you guys. Seriously. Hey, thanks a lot. No problem. Have a great weekend. Okay. Yeah. All right. Bye bye. Bye. I'll tell you something. It's not just the having to sit through some really crappy songs. That's bad. Me and, uh, or, oh, P and I say, I'm starting to say Anthony and I come on are, uh, not too happy about this whole thing for this reason. Guy hit it right on the head with this fact. Uh, here's my great idea. Let's say we bring into energetic, fun and entertaining guys to host an afternoon radio show, wait, there's more. Then we'll put them on the air. Let them begin to build a following. People in New York will be talking about them, telling their friends to tune in and just as it's starting to gel, we'll shut them up and play songs from God knows when then after 10 days, we'll let them start again. Ain't that a great idea? I could be a program director. What do you think? There you go. Charlie. The revolution starts Monday.