 Oh man, they're coming out of the woodwork Anthony. Yeah. Looking for the wildest thing you'll do for a front row ticket to see Kiss. One guy called up and said he'll eat his own. Yeah, sweet. I don't want to see that. Well, I guess there's got to be some type of rules to this. Well, it's got to be something that's possible to do. The guy said he would eat his own. I know, I know. Well, I just kissed Tigger, so now what do we do? He's not going to do that. I mean something possible like I'll climb up and jump off the building. Something possible, something creative, something legal. You can't be like, you know, car jack somebody. You can't be illegal. Why? You're taking all the fun out of it. I'm not taking the fun out of it. It can be fun at times. Yes, I know, I'll be. What do you want people to do? Start rioting? I mean, come on. That could be fun. There's got to be some semblance of order here. All right. 2127571027. Talk to Rick. He's taking the phone calls right now. The wildest thing you'll do for kiss tickets. Hey, what would you do for front row kiss tickets? Yeah, hi. How about this? How about you guys strap me into a chair and I'll listen to the entire Yoko Ono CD collection? 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. Queen Drake, Silent Lucidity. Sophie and Anthony. Another busy show today. We got tickets to see kiss in the front row. Two pairs. So we are looking for the craziest thing you'll do to win the tickets to see kiss in the front row. What would you do? Got a fact here, Anthony. Actually, Anthony, I'll let you read this one. Oh, okay, Opie. You didn't read it ahead of time, right? No. Okay, this is what this guy will do for the kiss tickets. There you go. Yeah, you hand me this. I can't even read this. I can't even refer to what this guy would do. Well, why don't you try, Anthony? Our listeners are counting on you. All right. Use your imagination. I will just say if he's able to do this, he would never need a girlfriend and never leave the house. That's what he's willing to do for the kiss tickets. For the kiss tickets. Yes. He's got to have a double jointed pelvis. Now I'd almost want to see that. But would the bosses allow that? Why would you even want to see that? Out of curiosity. You're fake. Yeah, I'm fake. Come on. That's bizarre enough, right? Rent the movie. Eddie W. Hello? Hi, who's this? Hi, I was on hold. I know, you're now on the air. Oh, I am? With Hope and Anthony. What do you got? I'll shave my head. You'll shave your head for the kiss tickets? Yeah. Which head? The one above my shoulder. He's only got one. Yeah, that's true. Well, I wasn't sure. I just wasn't sure if you were a lady or not. You'll shave your head. How long is your hair? It's about the length of my breast. Oh. You would shave completely bald? Yeah. Like bald? Like Michael Jordan bald? It might be my bangs, but yeah, the rest of it I'd do. Wait, you want bangs and the rest of it bald like Michael Jordan? I need some. No, that wouldn't work. I think you're better to go with the Sinead O'Connor look. Yeah, we'll do the Sinead O'Connor thing to you. Yeah? Yeah. When? What's your name? Allison, you're in the lead. Yeah? Yes, hold on the line. All right. Allison will shave down to a Sinead O'Connor look. So now you've got to beat that if you want to go see Kiss in the front row. This is how we'll play this game. Is she going to come down here and do it? Yeah, of course. We said either today or tomorrow you've got to complete this feat. And we've got two pairs of tickets, so. All right. All right. So far she's in the lead. She is in the lead. If you can beat that, give us a call at 212-757-1027. Rick will take care of you on the phone lines. All right. Anything else to edit? Well, later on I think we have to delve into something. We got an email from somebody saying there are a few different versions of the Linda Lavin Alice theme. Oh, no. That we have not hit on. Well, people are just starting to get that stupid song out of their head because of the early devise. Early devise. They went out of my head. There's no girl in town. But there's like two or three other versions. And you want to play those on the show today? I want to see because they're saying that she gets even more crazy than these other versions. In the other versions. And I think we ought to hash this out. All right. We could do that. I don't want to do it. Believe me. But I think we have to now. All right. Phil, on the way we got the latest from Kiss and some Leonard Skinner by request next. Gary, what will you do for the front row Kiss ticket? I run around the block at your studio in a song. A song it just sneakers on. I run all the way around the block. Now what's the big deal about that? I'm pretty fat, pretty much out of shape, pretty much a fat flop. I look pretty nasty. How much you weigh? I'm only about 225, about 511. But I'm in pretty bad shape. I've got a big old belly. All right. I'm jiggling around the block. All right. We'll let the listeners decide which is more outrageous. You running around in like a thong? Sure. Whatever. Running around the block in a thong, your big fat mess or the lady that will allow us to shave her down to a Sinead O'Connor. Okay. All right, man. We'll let the listeners decide. Oh, man. That's a big fat thong. All right. Well, we'll take the listeners' votes, I guess, by instant feedback. Yeah, that's fair because a lot of people are online right now. WNDW.com and go to the Air Staff section. Click on our pictures and you could instantly email us here. And we're not done with this contest. If you think you could outdo any of the things you're hearing on the radio, give us a call. Rick's screening the calls right now at 212-757-1027. Here's the latest from the boys. Coming in Monday. We can't wait. Here's Psycho Circus. 1027WNDW, the Rock of New York, the latest from Kiss. Psycho Circus. The boys coming in Monday at 3. And we're looking for the wildest thing you'll do to win Take Us to Sea Kiss in the front row. And the people are going nuts. But thus far in the lead is a lady that will allow us to shave her down to look like Sinead O'Connor and a big fat slob that will run around the block in just a thong. I think our listeners could beat that though. Give us a call. 212-757-1027. Facts are spilling out like crazy. Dear WNDW, we are huge Kiss fans. I am prepared to send you naked photos of my beautiful wife. She's beautiful and we've never done this before. We'd enjoy that. I don't know if our listeners would enjoy that though. Keeping out the audience. Yeah, it's got to make good radio. We will post them on the website. Yeah, you don't want to send us photos ever. Unless you want the whole world to see them. Because we share everything. Stick around on the website. Pretty embarrassing. Alright, so keep the phone calls coming and the facts is coming. Also, another side little thing because there's so much going on our show. We also have Aerosmith tickets all this week. When you hear Aerosmith later on in the show, be the tenth caller at 212-757-1027 and you'll score a pair of tickets to see those guys when they come to the Continental Arena on December 27th, okay? I saw lots and lots of things going on here today. We got instant feedback coming in, starting to come in, about the little voting that's going on. That's disgusting. Not only will you torture unsuspecting innocent people by letting that fat slob run around half naked, but you will deprive others of kiss tickets. I say let the freaky girl get the ticks. Okay. So a vote for the chick that wants to shave her head. So far she's in the lead. Yeah, that's not freaky enough though. No, I know we can do better. Yeah, we need people to really come up with something bizarre. Yes. Alright, what would you do for the tickets to see Kiss in the front row? I cut fish for a living. I'd eat six pounds of fish guts. You'd eat six pounds of fish guts? Right. Six pounds? Six pounds. And even if there's bunker in the belly, I eat that too. I'm gagging. I want that ticket. Alright, hold on the line. Alright. We'll let the listeners decide if that's better than what we've got. I think so. Alright, hold on. Alright, use the instant feedback and tell us what you think of that little stunt, okay? Is that better than the naked fat slob running around a block in a thong? I can't even watch that, man. Is that better than shaving a girl down? 1027 WNEW, the rocket New York Marcy playground, sex and candy. It's Opie and Anthony looking for your help. Once again, today we are giving you guys a chance to win tickets to see Kiss in the front row. We got two pairs of tickets for this, okay? So we're looking for the wildest thing you'll do for Kiss tickets, 2127571027. And we're having you guys, the listeners, vote on the craziest thing through the instant feedback. To all our buddies that are online listening to us right now. Well, I'm getting pounded over here for votes for a fish gut guy. A guy who works down at the fish market. He'll eat six pounds of fish guts and he doesn't care what's in the fish guts. People are saying it sounds kind of unhealthy. But they're starting to come in. They're starting to come in. Votes for the girls. Oh, the dildo show? Yeah. Yeah, that was just announced a little while ago. Maybe we haven't had time to vote on that yet. Maybe not. But so far the fish guts guy is ahead. Okay. Let me get a new batch up here. Alright. Whoa. Whoa. Oh boy. Dude. The Lesbos have my vote. Give the tickets. I'll do anything wild to see the lesbians. Screw the Kiss tickets, right? Lesbian dildo act. What are you nuts? The hell with the listeners. Take the dildo act. The lesbian dildo act wins. Alright. They have to wear garter belts and high heels. Make that the rule. Will you show it on the studio camera? Right on. Oh, they're coming in now. Alright, so it's getting close between fish guts and dildo act? Yeah, very close. Very close. Let's go to the phone and see if we get any others. Debbie, what would you do for the front row tickets to see Kiss? I'll be your guys' bus slave. For like the whole show? Yeah. And what would you do? Anything you need. Like you'd kiss our feet and stuff? Yeah, definitely. We could spank you? Yeah. Will you dress up in like a little outfit for us? Definitely. And do menial jobs around the studio? Anything you guys need. Would you like to be our intern and be naked the whole time? Sure. Naked intern for a day? Sure, why not? Oh, that's pretty good. But in all fairness, we're leaving this up to the listeners. Oh, do we have to? Unfortunately, yeah. That's the rule. That's the rule. So I hope the listeners like us. Okay. And we will put pictures on the website. Okay, well you can just tell them I look awesome. All right, you look awesome. It will be our love slave for a day and you'll intern the show completely naked. All right. What do you look like? I have brown eyes, brown hair, shoulder lines, 34C. That works. What about the rest? You don't look like a weevil, do you? Not at all. I'm short but I have a good body. Okay, all right. We need to know all this. All right, the listeners could decide on that on the instant feedback as well. Okay. All right. Thanks. Thank you. Bye. Bye. That's a toughie. Yeah, that's interesting too. It's like Dildo Act, love slave for a day. I'm sure the listeners will do the right thing. Yeah, more votes coming in for the Lesbo Dildo Act. Lesbo thing? Yeah. Okay. It's not over yet though. What would you do for front row tickets to see Kiss? We'll continue this. Anthony, who's in the lead? Oh my God, the voting. Fast and furious. In the lead, the Lesbian Dildo Act. Okay. Yeah. Don't forget we have two pairs of tickets so we need two winners. Who's in second place? Second place is still the fish gut guy but the naked intern is really gaining ground. Is gaining ground, okay. Yeah. You can vote through the instant feedback which is getting swamped right now so we're having a hard time reading your comments. Be patient on that. And if you think you could beat any of these acts for the front row tickets to see Kiss, give Rick a call. He's working the phones right now. 1027 WNAW, the Rock of New York, Kerry Clapton, Kenny Wayne Shepard before that, Blue on Black. It's Opie and Anthony. There's lots going on once again on our show today. Ah yeah. Hope you're enjoying it. We're trying to find out what is the wildest thing you'll do for front row tickets to see Kiss. We've got two pairs of tickets. Remember that guys when you're voting for the best stun or best thing that these guys will do. You can use the facts line 212-957-WNAW or you can use the instant feedback. Anthony, how's it looking over there? It's a runaway. I noticed we've got a lot of fish acts. Yeah, a lot of fish acts. Well we've got the guy who wants to eat six pounds of fish guts. Yeah. Is he in third place officially now? Yeah, he's been bumped back so far. The lesbian dildo act is just running away with it. I mean everyone is like, guys, no brainer. What are you stupid? What are you effing nuts? I'd like to see which one of you guys lasts the longest watching the dildo. Dildo action please. Hands down. Okay. Wow, it's just a runaway. I can't even scroll down and find anything else. We do have a second pair of tickets. Who's in second place? The love slave for a day? Yeah. The naked intern love slave? Geez, very good. And everyone wants us to post pictures on the website. Well that is a surprise. We'll definitely have to figure out something. Yeah. Okay. Well you can keep voting and if you think you can top any of these acts, in all fairness it doesn't have to be sexual. Yeah. Anthony and I would love to check something out like that. Of course. If you come up with an even more creative way, we'll definitely listen to you. Okay. A couple of votes for the naked intern for a day. And then everything else. See if the love slave is for real, this would be a perfect opportunity for Opie to get the Hummer. That's right. Then he could be Ree Grand Poo Bad. Hi, N.E.W. Opie, Anthony. What's up? I got a great idea. Okay. Remember Cindy from Big Butt Magazine? Mendy, yeah. Mendy, whatever. The two-ton chick. Yeah. Have her on her back, legs spread and I'll eat a half a dozen hot dogs and she isn't holding them with her hand. I don't want to see that. That's a winner though. That would be a winner. That would be interesting to check out. Thanks for that. We appreciate it. Look, Mendy, I don't want to see Mendy again. No offense, she's a nice girl but. No, that was it. I had nightmares for weeks. The early days of us being here in the studio. Yeah, we had Mendy, the top model from Big Butt Magazine and from Pearl Jam Tickets, we had guys eating one off her butt. Cake, chocolate cake that she sat in. Chocolate cake and bread. And it was. Off a butt that was three feet wide. I swear to God. No, we've been here quite a few months now. I think we could get, well, maybe a lesbian dildo act. Yeah, some polished girls at this point, hopefully. Please. So don't forget when you hear Aerosmith later on in our show today, if you're the 10th caller at 212-757-1027, you'll get a pair of tickets to see Aerosmith December 27th at the Continental Arena. That's for everyone who says, come on, do something for us people that just want to call in and win. So we'll do that. Yeah. And don't forget the Hunger Thons tomorrow. Man, we're in a meeting for that today. Yeah, I know. Everyone was paranoid that we were going to trash the Hunger Thon like we trashed the Evolution of the Rock in New York. Why would we do that? The Hunger Thon is at least good for people. But we had the big bosses in there and they're giving speeches on how important this is to New York and N.E.W. and they're just staring at us, praying that we weren't going to trash this too. I know. We have a heart. Scott Herman made a point of saying, you know, I'm very involved in this. Kind of looked at us. It's a very good thing for the station. We're like, all right, don't worry. What are we, Satan? Come on, we're not going to bash that. No, not at all. I'm not going to do that for God's sake, but I can't take meetings like that. No, we were in there for an hour, I think. An hour and I phase out. I think that's why I did so bad in school. It felt like I was at a lecture or something. So I'm sitting and you ever stare and you're trying not to look like you're staring because then the people think you're not paying attention. Yeah. So I'm just like, I'm phasing out and then I phase back in. It's like, oh, they're still talking. Yeah. Talking about no brainer stuff. Yeah. So but we got a lot of cool items up for bid tomorrow. Guitar signed by Keith Richards, Eric Clapton and Johnny Lang. Dinner party at your house prepared by some chef, Chef L'Oreal. L'Oreal. Oh, care. And guest appearances on Spin City and Frasier. Now that's cool. Wow. The 14th annual hungerthot starts tomorrow at 6 a.m. only on WNEW. The Rock of New York. One oh two seven. Excuse me. What are you doing, Roger? We're trying to do a radio show here. Are you done? Yes, I'm done. Oh, people don't realize that we like broadcast from here. They're not used to having live people in the studio. Maybe that's it. They're used to seeing the robots that were in here for 30 years where you could just come in and do whatever and never phase them because they just did the same old thing over and over again, year after year after year. Disney animatronics. That's what we had around here for a very long time. This is the story of the DJ. Look at him actually move and push the buttons. It's like the Hall of Presidents. There's actually life coming through your speakers nowadays. Here at Disney Imagineering, we've actually set up DJs that look real, but they are robots. You could flap papers in front of their face. It doesn't phase them because they're not doing anything anyway. That's how it was for a long time. Then people don't understand the changes. Hello? 1027WNAW, the rock of New York, whole celebrity skin with Courtney Love. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey, remember how I was in love with Courtney Love? Yeah. Got a new chick, officially, Denise Richards. Yeah. I finally rented Wild Thing last night. Wild Things, isn't that great? Because you've been telling me for months you've got to see Wild Thing. So I finally rented it. Oh my Lord. Not the greatest movie. The acting blows. Yeah. But it's worth the price of admission to see Neve Campbell and Denise Richards go at it. Yeah. Well, panties coming off. The hotel scene with Matt Dillon. Yeah. The champagne and stuff. Unbelievable. My Lord. I like when she was washing his car. Yeah. And she's got the wet shirt going and everything. Unbelievable. Oh, unbelievable. You've got to love that. That's great. But I had a problem with the movie. I'm checking it out and stuff. You forgot to tell me about Kevin Bacon, idiot. I forgot about that. I'm not going to remember something like that. What a jerk. Like we needed to see that. So, no, in case you haven't seen Wild Thing, you know, there's a lot of this lesbian action where they're in the hotel and Matt Dillon's there with Neve Campbell and Denise Richards and he starts making out with Denise Richards and feeling her up and stuff. And then he kisses Neve Campbell and that was hot. And then he goes, OK, girls, it's your turn. And they start making out and stuff. And then proceeded to have one of the sickest on-screen love scenes I've ever seen with the champagne and the boobs bouncing. And it was just a mess. It was great. It was great. I was like, all right, I could get into this. And then they had the pool scene with Denise Richards mounting Neve. Right? Yeah. And I'm like, this is just great. And then there's a scene with Matt Dillon. He goes toward the shower and he opens it up and there's Kevin Bacon. And you're seeing his white ass. And that's not all. All of a sudden he turns around and you see his freaking schlock. His bacon. You see Kevin's bacon. Why didn't you warn me? I forgot about that. After that scene with Neve and Denise, I'm going to remember that? I remembered it. I blocked it out. It's in my brain for a while. I'm like, oh, great. Kevin Bacon turns around. Hey. All casual stuff. How you doing? Stuff just hanging out. Hey, check this out. And then I got paranoid. I thought there was going to be some kind of homosexual scene there because there's Matt opening the shower door. Kevin turns around to show everyone his bacon. I didn't know what was going to happen next. Yeah. I got a little frightening at that point. I was horrified. Horrified. I think that's the first time I've seen a guy's thing on screen. And it was not pretty. I think I understand what the ladies go through when the girls just get naked for the hell of it. Yeah. I think you got a really good view of it. I remember what movie was that? Looking for Mr. Goodbar. Richard Gere turned around and you saw it. I remember that. And then the bad lieutenant? No, I don't remember seeing a dork in that one either. No. This was definitely the first time and it was not fun. It was just not fun. All right. It's Opie and Anthony. We are looking for the wildest thing you'll do to see Kiss in the front row. We've got two pairs of tickets. Remember that, guys. Kiss coming in Monday at 3. We're very excited about that around here. Was the crying game a real schlong? Crying? I don't remember. I think you just saw a shadow of it. I think you just saw a shadow. I don't remember seeing an actual schlong. You saw the schlong? Oh, look at Rick. He was positive. What's up, Rick? Rick's a butler. No, I don't think so. You're a butler. I don't think so. You really remember seeing that, huh? That's great. I remember seeing it because it traumatized me. Oh, yeah. That's what they say. Yeah. Anthony, you should talk. Mr. Priest guy with the clasp. All right, Anthony. So what's the voting for the front row tickets to see Kiss? It's just a runaway victory so far for the lesbian dildo act. Okay. Yeah. Who's in second place? Because we've got to give away two pairs of tickets. In second place is actually the lesbian dildo act. I'm going to give them four tickets. Now, second place is the nation's national team. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So, who's in second place? The naked intern. Oh, man. All right. Supposedly this guy in two that's going to do something cool. All right. Andy W. Yo, what's up, guys? It's open, Anthony. I hear your acts a little wild so you got to kind of talk in code so we can hear this on the radio. You got it. All right, go ahead. What would you do for the front row tickets? What we could do is first I start out by drinking a half a cup of olive oil. Uh-huh. And then I can swallow racquetballs. You can swallow racquetballs? And then... Wait, the big racquetballs? Well, the smaller ones. You know the ones that are really hard? Oh, okay. Yeah, like the black Superball type. That you hit off the wall? Yeah. Those hurt. Oh, ho, ho. What I could do is swallow them. About 20 minutes later, you know what, them out. My other end. In 20 minutes? In 20 minutes. How do you accomplish that in 20 minutes? It's just a lot of sitting and pushing, but it happens. Oh, geez. This guy's probably got roids like the Rocky Mountains. And who have you done this for? I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. It's about six hours before the loop, and I was keeping up with the dance. Water slowly fades, but as it passes aboutlei I can't believe that. Well let the listeners vote on that. I personally don't want to see that but we'll see what happens. If you could beat any of these acts, give us a call, 212-757-1027. You know a lot of people trashed us this week. They all took their little pop shots at us and they're having a little fun and stuff. The truth of the matter is, as everyone knows, NEW and its move toward the future had to let a couple of people go around here. Made some serious moves that weren't easy for anyone around here. Dave Herman in the morning and Scott Sos, Scott Muni were let go. And it was something that I guess was inevitable as time went on. If we were going to take a new direction with the station, it had to happen. No one was happy about it. We're not sitting around here throwing parties. That's for sure. I thought it was funny though. All the other radio stations were trashing us and hitting us while we were down while we were rebuilding and stuff. Especially Don Iamus who has done absolutely nothing in his radio career. Think of one thing he has done in his radio career. Seriously, like Love them or hate them, Howard Stern has accomplished a lot. Yeah, he did his share of bashing too. We're not too happy with him saying that either, believe me. You could at least look at Howard and go, look at what the guys accomplished in his career. The guys reached the pinnacle of whatever you can do in radio. Top selling books and a movie and all the other fun stuff he's done. We all know his track record. But then we have to listen to Don Iamus trashing NEW and mentioning our names and stuff. NEW is always going to be a one-five station. I'm going to talk about Iamus in the morning here, which is I believe a one-two. First of all, he has no ratings. If you sit there and think real hard, I can't think of one thing he's actually accomplished in his radio career. Iamus in the morning, you don't seem to remember my Moby Worm bit I did back in 1978. Stupid bit. Look out baby, here comes Moby Worm. Iamus in the morning. Stupid bit. Okay. My Reverend Billy Saul Hargis. Dumb character. That was a funny bit. I don't get it. Never did. All right. And then you listen to his show nowadays and the only part of it that is partially entertaining is his supporting cast. If you actually listen to what he says every morning, there's nothing coming out of that man's mouth that is creative, entertaining or humorous. I think I'm very funny. Iamus in the morning. I think I'm very, how about that? Well, Patrick Moynihan. See that guy? What a weasel. How about him, McCord? What do you think? That's great commentary. Anyway, so I just decided to have some fun. 66WFAN. Iamus in the morning. He thought he'd have his little fun trashing us and the radio station itself. Right, so Anthony and I decided to do our little research here and we found some of Don Iamus' material. Yeah, what was he calling us? Opi and Andy? Yeah, yeah, he was calling us dopey and stuff. Yeah, like I haven't heard that before. So we decided, you know, let's find some of Don Iamus' bits. Found some audio clips. From when he was our age. The key is from when he was our age. Guess what year we had to go back to? Guess what year? What year? 1972. He was our age. 1972. Okay. And I just want to play some of the fun, wacky humor of Don Iamus to show everyone how creative he is. Because we all forgot, I guess. Well I think this is going to show that I, Iamus in the morning, are a lot more talented than Alexia U2. Okay, we'll leave it to the listeners, okay? 66. In 1972, Don Iamus did like prank calls. And I got one here called, I don't know, he calls a rent-a-car place. Oh, these are hysterical. This is outrageously funny. Look, it's the old phone, 1972. Okay, well let's hear. How old is he? Maybe it was just time that like makes it sound bad. All right, let's say it was funny then. Edit your phone calls. Good morning. How are you this morning? Fine, thank you. I would like to rent a car. I have a little problem. I'd like to, I don't need it until the end of May. I'm in Cleveland, Ohio now. And I'll be down in Indianapolis around the end of May, in fact, right around Memorial Day. And I'd like to reserve a car now. I've already made hotel reservations here in town. And would it be possible to make reservations out front of vans? Well, sir, it's really a little too early to make reservations. Well, sir, it's really a little too early to make them right now. I'll tell you what happened. See, last year I was down there and I got stuck with a crummy sedan and really, really made me look bad. And what I'd like to get, if I could this year, is a Shelby 350. Do you rent those? Yes, we do. And what is the charge on those? It's $10 a day and then 10 cents a mile. Yeah, well, now I'm just going to need it for one day, would be on Memorial Day. I'm just going to be down there. I will stay the night before. We get the premise. Move on. I'll wait for just one day. And I'm only going to drive it, I figured, certainly over 500 miles probably. And this was on Coke? No, it would be the same rate. Listen, could you set one aside for me and take the seats out of it and take the headlights up for me? Could you do that? Sir, if you're looking for a pickup truck, we can rent you one of those. No, I don't want a pickup. Well, listen, I probably can work it over myself. Maybe I could get it the night before and make some adjustments on it. Will you set one aside for me? Can I get the manager call you back? I've never handled one point this serious before. Oh, my God. Well, you can call me in Cleveland, Ohio, area code 216. The number is 696-1220. Okay, and your name, sir? AJ Foit. That's the bit. That's it? That was the bit. That was the bit. See, it's AJ Foit. He needed a car for the Indy 500, Anthony. Oh, oh, I get it now. Well, that's great. Stellar stuff for the man that's abusing us. That's what he was doing at our age. All right, great. I had to go back to 1972 for that piece of comedy. On the way. I don't know what you're talking about. That was funny stuff from Imus in the morning on 66WFAN. Hey, if we were on both so bad, it wouldn't be so bad. 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York, the doors, Roadhouse Blues, and Sophie and Anthony. Don't forget when you hear Aerosmith a little later on on the show, if you're the 10th caller on 7571027, you'll score a pair of tickets to the show at the Continental Arena on December 27th. OK? All right. Hey, you never know who's going to stop by the studio, Anthony. Yeah, look who it is. Oh, no, you're not hiding, man. Grab a mic. There's three of them. You can pick whatever one you want. Come on, Mark. We got some issues here. We got some issues. Come on, grab that mic over there. Anthony wants you to sit next to him. Go ahead. Take a seat in the studio. So, Mark, one of the big wigs at Restaurant Records. Now, Anthony, what is Restaurant Records? Restaurant Records is our record company, Opie, who put out our fine album, Demented World. Yes. Proud Record Company. Yes, the Proud Record Company that has distributed our... They are the ones responsible for copies of Demented World in every store in the New York area. Like, probably, I would say 10, 15 copies, 20 copies in every single store in New York. About 13. Now, Mark, there's a huge buzz on our radio show. With that said, how many Demented World CDs did we sell last week in New York? Come on, this has got to be good news. Got to be good news. We're looking at... We're looking strong at about a dozen. Oh, yeah. We're looking strong at about a dozen. We sold a dozen CDs this week? A dozen? What are you guys doing to market this CD? You know, I mean, every day... Every day, we're... Everything possible. Come on. We're talking to the stores. Everything possible aside from putting it in the stores. We want to steer clear of that strategy. Everything possible. You know what our listeners are saying? They want this record. Bring it on. You know what's funny? Bring it on. You don't want our listeners to... All right. You want to talk to some of our listeners? Hey, Rick, get them some headphones. Our listeners want to talk to Mark. Mark wants to make a... Mark wants to make a record. Mark wants to make a statement. All right, Mark, make a statement on why no one could find this CD in Manhattan. A little while back when you guys did the thing where redirecting the orders over to us, which is something we never do, you know? I mean, we got other records, but we don't do that. You know, we wanted to be hospitable and take those orders from you guys. We got some good calls, man. And some people say they found it. Some people say, oh, I'm having a hard time finding it. But as God is my witness... Everybody, I won't say store names because I don't know if you're allowed to say that. All these stores know about the record. They picked it up at a certain time and they've carried it. Now, the drive, the demand of the customer, the Opie and Anthony Lister out there going to the store saying, hey, the store managers go back to their people with that and they bring more product. I'm telling you, it's going to be a good ass. I just felt something. Oh, it's smoke. It's being blown up my ass. I was wondering what that tingling feeling was. Mark, can I just say for all your listeners out there, everybody that thinks you guys are getting the shaft, you guys, if we can talk about this, when this record came out, this thing was huge. I mean, you guys have sold a lot of records. Over 40,000. Over 40,000 and a total of 300 in Manhattan to this day. 300 people in Manhattan have found our record. And we hear the constant complaint of, I can't find it. When people that do find it, they go, I had to go to 10 stores to find your CD. 10 stores. It was funny. I got one call that called up to order the CD from us when we did that thing a little while back. It was pissing me because I couldn't do a credit card order over the phone. Well, this is what you got to do when you're a record company. You got to take care of the consumer. You need a credit card system. There's not many record companies. If you call Sony right now, they won't be able to take your credit card over. Mark, can you promise us that you'll dress up like those Nigerians that you see in Midtown? They get the big sack of sunglasses. Yeah. Could you get a big sack of Dementor World CDs? Paint your face black so you look Nigerian. And stand on the corner of 57th and 7th and sell them out of a sack. That might work. We could sell more than a dozen, I think. You come in here. Do I have to go that far? Yes, we want you in blackface. So you blend in with the rest of the Nigerians in Midtown. We'll see how dedicated to your record label. And some I Love New York hats and stuff in the background. You could wear a New York hat. What do you think, Anthony? Yeah, something. We got to do something. Because, see, the cops don't bother the Nigerians when they're selling their sunglasses. So you'll blend right in. You'll have a whole sack of Dementor World CDs. We'll tell people where you are. And you can sell them right on the street corner. Can I give another way for people out there to order this thing? If you're electronically hooked up. Oh, we don't need the website. CDNow.com takes like five weeks. That's the complaints we've been getting. People want to go to a record store right now on their way to the record store. Right now on their way home and get Opien Anthony. We've just sold a CD to Christopher Reeve. There, he can go to the computer and do it. What about people that go out of their house and pass by a record store? Exactly. I'm telling you... I.N.A.W. Hey, what's up, guys? Hey, man, what's up? Is this Rick? It's Opien Anthony. Oh, okay. I'm getting the delay. I couldn't hear it. I got something I want to do for the kiss tickets. Okay, hold on. Rick, we'll get you. All right, cool. Thanks. I thought we wanted to talk about our CD, but I guess not. People have things they want to do for kiss tickets. What's up? Third pair of kiss front row tickets. You're working radio, right? Yes, sir. Okay, there's a microphone right there. I'm talking to Mike. You've got to talk into a mic or no one's going to hear you. Okay, what? Third pair of kiss front row tickets. You just came up with a third pair of front row tickets to see kiss? You are correct. Oh, I can't believe it. For the Nassau Coliseum? Correct. I can't believe you just said that. So all our Long Island buddies could get in on the contest as well now. You now have a pair for every venue, front row tickets. You just blew it, though. Why? You shouldn't have said anything. That way, we could have given those tickets to the lesbian dildo couple. And no one would have ever known. Yeah, and then given away the other two and been like, no, we're not interested in seeing the lesbian dildo couple. Okay. Line one has something. All right. I.N.A.W. Hey, how are you doing, guys? All right. What's up? I found another place to get your CD at. All right, where? It's a website, but don't suck it down yet. All right. It's a new site called GetMusic.com. Okay. And you get it overnight. Overnight? Overnight. Now, that's better. Yeah. All right. I already had a copy, so I didn't buy it. But I just checked. You can get it there. All right. Thanks a lot, brother. Hey, no problem. And what are you going to do for KitKat? You got to come up with something wild. Oh. Totally outrageous. We've been asking this all day long, and so far, Anthony, who's in the lead? Lesbian dildo couple. Yes. And who's in second place? Because now we have three pairs of tickets that we're going to give away. Naked intern. And what about the fish gut guy? The fish gut guy had the guts and votes, yeah. I think he might be in third. He's going to eat six pounds of fish guts for the Kiss tickets. All right, Mark. We look forward to huge sales next week. Yeah. Boy, in the tens of copies we're selling. But sold well into the tens. I didn't talk about the two returns you guys got. Two returns? Who cares? Every record, every... Returns. I'm messing with you. Hey, that was nice. I brought... All right. I don't want to hear you anymore. You're pissing us off. We reach a million people a week, and we sell 12 CDs a week. You know? Your mic's off. We're not listening to you anymore. And people say... I can't find it. That's all. I can't find it. They're not saying, it's in the store, but I'm waiting. Yeah, they're not saying, I'm not buying it because it blows. They're not buying it because they can't find it. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. Robert Plant in the booth. Soapy and Anthony. Hey. I'm exhausted. Everyone's calling up trying to win the front row tickets to see Kiss. Of course. And we got three pairs. A pair for each venue for the front row when the boys come to town. And don't forget, we'll have Kiss on our show Monday. We're all looking forward to that around here. Yeah, I never met those guys. I wonder if we'll be able to see them without their makeup on. You think they're going to come in for their interview with makeup on? You never know. I don't think it's as big anymore like it's a damn... I remember in the 70s though, I remember there was one of the rag magazines finally got one of the guys without their makeup through a mirror or something. It was like a big deal. Yeah, it kind of looked like the picture of Bigfoot you'd see from the 70s. Blurry and fuzzy, but it's like, yeah, look, look, that's part of his face without the makeup. This is the first known picture of, I think it was Paul Stanley, without makeup. And everyone was freaking out and stuff. It was something. It was classic. We got a fax here. Hey guys, here's my Don Imus question. Not that you care. On his radio show, Imus claims to be 52 years old, yet he says he was a Marine in 1957. Assuming he joined the Marines at 18, not likely, but possible, add 41 years and well, that ain't 52. That would be 59 at least. Yeah. Do you guys have any idea how old he really is? No clue. Thanks. So you won't mistake his neck for a necktie. That's pretty funny. I should hire you for my Imus in the morning show. Look at my skin. It looks like a tortoise. Yeah. No, no. Not many people are coming out of the woodwork to defend Don Imus, just in case you're wondering. No. Imus decided to trash us and WNEW, you know, going through some hard times lately, but we could finally see the light at the end of the tunnel and finally things are happening around here. We're moving forward and there's a lot of excitement in the hallways. Yes. As you can tell by just listening to the radio, there's so many cool things going on here. And he decided to try to kick us while we're down. Yeah, it was a rough time. We had to let a couple of people go here that we hear from many years, Dave Herman and Scott Munie. So he wants to play a little ball. So we're having a little fun with Mr. Imus. I personally can't think of one thing he's ever done that I found funny or entertaining or thought provoking. No. I'm not lying. And if you listen to a show these days, he is surrounded by a bunch of very talented radio people that actually do some very creative stuff for him. Hey, McCord, say something funny so I don't look like a what the a-hole I am. But if you listen to just what he says, just take out what he says when you listen in the morning, there's nothing, absolutely nothing there. And he's turning around and abusing us. Yeah, no, nothing. Never been nothing more than one five feet. Yeah, that's what he told the whole world. So Howard bashed us too, you know, but at least how has proved himself over the years. Yeah, but he didn't bash us. No, per se. He bashed every other person has ever worked here. And some of the stuff he said was really funny to be honest with you. He said he wants to bang Carole Miller. I thought that was really funny. Yeah, I was loving that actually. But he didn't trash us, per se, but Don Imiches and Howard does have a proven track record. So I love him or I hate him. At least he's accomplished stuff in this business. And, you know, we put it out there to you guys. What has Don Imiches done in his career that people could say, wow, he did this? Well, God, I don't remember very much about that. Back in the old days, I was drunk all the time. And I had a coke down in my gourd. That's why my skin looks like a big lizard. Imus in the morning, 66. Where am I? WFAG. FAG. Look at me. I'm dressed like a big fag. I got my big Imus in the morning cowboy hat on. And I have my bandana tied around my big turkey neck. Man, I like how he dyes his eyebrows for his TV show. That's a cute little look. Yeah, I got these big caterpillar eyebrows on my face. Look at these things. Damn, look at the size of these things. So anyway. I look like a big fag, baby, don't I? So anyway, a bunch of people I've been calling and emailing saying we're just jealous. So I thought about that for a while. I said, OK, let's show the people what's going on here. So we found some of Don Imus' material when he was our age. Right. What year do we have to go back to again, Anthony, to find stuff he did at our age? 1972. Oh my God. He's so out of touch. See what he was doing, yeah. All right. And people go, well, what about that Reverend Billy Sol Hargis? That's actually the bit that made me famous. Oh, OK. So this is the bit that made you famous, Mr. Imus. A cornerstone of the Imus in the Morning program is the Billy Sol Hargis, Reverend Billy Sol Hargis bit. OK. It's very funny, hysterical. People always come up to me going, Imus, that is the funniest thing I've ever seen. Yeah. All right. Well, Imus in the Morning. Well, let's play his little bit. This is really him, too, from 1972. Let's see what he's all about. Maybe you and I can learn something from Mr. Imus. OK. When he was our age, he was doing some stellar work, Anthony. Let's listen to what we made him famous. This is the comedic stylings of Don Imus when he was our age. Let's listen to this. All right. Say hallelujah. It's the right Reverend Dr. Billy Sol Hargis here on behalf of the First Church of the Good, Ethan Discount House of Worship, where this week you may make a blessing pledge of $5 for just $3.98 and receive credit with him for the full entire $5. Say hallelujah. Have you said to yourself lately, I don't seem to be able to relate to today's modern world, Billy Sol, I don't know where I'm at. I want to walk with him. I want to talk with him. I want to tell him of the pain in my heart. Well, why not call him now? That's right. Say hallelujah. Call him now. Call him on the telephone right this very minute in your very own home. I can't listen to this. On Billy Sol's Heaven Hotline. Simply call here in Del Rio, Texas at the First Church of the Good, Ethan Discount House of Worship. Anthony, I'm laughing really hard right now. We'll put you through. Dial area. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. Say hallelujah. Say hallelujah. Anthony, I'm laughing really hard right now. It's the main babble. It's babble. It's all his head. It's all his head. Off at any hour of the day. It's all his head. Say hallelujah. Say hallelujah. As you know, Billy Sol Hargis is the owner and operator of the world's only truly religious I can't take this. Enough said. Enough said. Yeah, he was... Hey, come on. That was funny stuff. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. I'm going to get you a call. Okay. I want to come down and eat something like six pounds. You can't eat six pounds of anything. Can you? Well, you could eat six pounds of filet mignon. As long as it's a good helping of fish guts. I think we'll accept that. Of fish guts. He's in third place. I can't even, I won't even be able to watch that. I'll puke. I swear to God. Okay. Second place is the girl that wants to come down here and be our intern. Naked. Completely naked. And our sex slave. She'll like rub her feet and do whatever we say. Yeah, whatever. Okay. She's in second place for a pair of front row tickets. So far she's winning. Yeah. It's not really a first, second, and third place. They would all be winners. Yes. Okay. This is what you got to beat if you're out there trying to come up with something wacky to win the tickets. And ahead of both of those, just by a long shot, the clear favorite in the field, the two girls that want to come in and do a lesbian dildo act right here in our W&W studios. Hands down they're in first place. The listeners love that idea. The listeners love it, but they're saying that I'm voting for this only if you put it on the website. Okay. They want to be a part of it. You know we're starting the hunger thon tomorrow? Oh yeah, that's right. And you know people are going to be bidding on signed guitars by Keith Richards and Eric Clapton and Johnny Lang and there's some great, great prizes this year. Yeah. Walk on parts to TV shows, all that stuff. If we're going to have a live dildo show in the studio, I think we could raise an S-load of money for a hunger thon. Whoever wants to come in and watch. Yes. We'll start the bidding at a thousand dollars or something crazy. Wait a minute. What are the rules that Giuliani put down? As long as 60% of the business is legitimate. Mm-hmm. That's fine then. Yeah, we're safe. We fit the guidelines. There'll be no booze. Mm-hmm. They won't be paying us. We're going to charity. Okay. I can see this working. Well, we'll talk it over with the guys in charge of hunger thon, but I think if we have a chance to raise a lot of money for them, I think they'll take it. We'll call it hummer thon. Hummer thon. Yeah. And then we had a guy, he chickened out. He wanted to hang lots and lots of weights from his piercings. Yeah. He had his genitals pierced. Oh. Stop it. He has a Prince Albert. Which is the actual flung. Oh. Now in the past. It goes in through the urethra. Yes. And out through the bottom. Yes. For a Prince Albert. Yes. He chickened out. He was going to hang like five or six pounds from it. That's disgusting. For the front row of tickets to see Kiss. Now you and I have done that in the past. I've not done that. Not you and I did the accident. What are you saying? All right. Let me explain myself. I had no part of that one. I should just hang you out to dry. We had a penis weightlifting contest. Not us, per se. You're making this sound really bad. We had guys come into the studio. Yeah. But it was on our show. Right. We were the announcers for the event. Yeah. And they saw how much they could lift. Like one guy would lift five pounds. And then the other guy would have to beat that weight. So he'd lift like six pounds. And the other guy would go eight. Yes. What did it finally get up to? Well, yeah. OK. Well, it started with that. And then it went to a bowling ball. One guy hung a bowling ball from his schlong. Because we ran out of weight. So then we were weighing things and then adding it onto the pile for them to lift. So then someone hung the bowling ball and the toaster from his schlong. And then we had the fire extinguisher. Fire extinguisher is what it came down to. You know the little ones you got around your office? Yeah. The guy did that. And then the mama fire extinguisher, the one that's what about three feet high. Yeah. It's in the hallways with the fire hose and break glass behind glass and stuff. We got that. And the guy hung it from his schwing. It was like 30 something pounds. 30 something pounds. Yes. Here's a contender. Here's a champion. We might have to bring that back again and invite the ladies down to check it out. Remember we had a whole studio of ladies. Girls came down to watch. Oh, and they loved it. They loved it. So. But that guy chickened out. He was going to do it. And then he said no. Yeah. So there you have it. You got to get on the phones now. Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven. If you could beat any of the acts we described earlier. I'll tell you the only person you really have a chance of knocking out of the ring is the fish guts guy. The fish guts guy. The voting is just bizarre for the lesbian dildo act. OK. And really good for the naked intern. So our whole show tomorrow while we're trying to do hunger thon and raise money, we're going to have someone naked just hanging out in turning and turning, pulling our music and answering the phones. You guys will get to talk to the girls. She's naked and stuff. And yeah. All right. That's good. Websites can be getting lots of hits tomorrow. And she promised that we could get some pictures and throw it up on our websites. Yeah. We like to involve the audience. You know, we let the audience in on what we're doing. Yes. Let them see. All right. One oh two seven W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York. The latest from Days of the New. That's the downtown. That's the tickets to see the guys when they come to the Continental Arena. December twenty seventh and Carol blank of Edgewater, New Jersey. She's got herself a pair of tickets. All right. Forty four year old lady listening to us. Gotta love that. Love that a lot. Actually. So be an Anthony. And who do we have in the studio here? We got the amazing Jason. OK. And Marcus and his brother Marcus, who's kind of like his manager. You're not that amazing. I just know the actually I'm just the brother that's pushing along to do this because I'm a big fan and he's willing enough to do it. So it's a nice thing of him. All right. As you guys know by now, Kiss Mania has hit W.N.E.W. We got the band coming in Monday for an hour and we have the front row tickets were given away and these guys want a pair of kiss tickets. Simple as that. So so what is the amazing Jason going to do for us today? Amazing Jason is going to suck this channel which we call a chain. Yeah, it's a pretty snort the chain. It's a pretty big chain. It's a pretty thick chain. OK. What are you going to do? I'm going to snort the chain out my nose and I'm going to cough it out and string that baby right through my nose. It's kind of like a dental floss and dental floss. So you're going to snort it through the nose and then the part is going to come out your mouth. It is the source of the sinuses. Definitely. The cleanse of the sinuses. Anthony, what do you think of this? Let's see it. I want to see it. All right. Make sure you snort nice and right into the mic. Here's the amazing Jason. Can we get a drum roll? Can we get a carnival music? Can we get something? Can we get something? Guys got those effects on me. No. No. OK. We'll just go with the snorting then. OK. Here's the amazing Jason. He leans his head back and he's sucking it in his nose. Nice. He's having some problems. Oh my God. That's it. We need some more gravity here, gentlemen. Uh oh. He's having some major problems. He's sucking it. He just plugged up the other nostril and it sucks right in. That's it, brother. Oh, and he hacked it out of his mouth. That's it, brother. He's got a big mouth. He's got a big mouth. He's got a big mouth. He's got a big mouth. Oh, and he hacked it out of his mouth. Jason. Oh. The amazing Jason. Now the slow pull out. Uh oh. Wow. That was pretty good. That was pretty good, gentlemen. We've got just something else for you all. You can tell them all. That was pretty good. You guys like that? Bravo. OK. A lot of people have entered the studio. Thank you. The next trick I will perform is the beautiful goldfish trick. What do you call this goldfish? Gary. Gary the goldfish. That's all right with you guys. And by the way, Anthony is taking some digital pictures for our webcast. By the way, Anthony is taking some digital pictures for our web site. So you guys won't be left out at home. That's all right. I can check out the pictures. But the amazing Jason has a goldfish in a glass of water. Anthony, why don't you take a picture of that? That looks pretty good. It's a regular regulation live goldfish swimming around in a glass. I guess the water level is a little too high for him. He's pouring out all that water. Some water. Don't lose the fish. I will suck the goldfish in and spit it back out. Oh, wow. Definitely don't try it. So wait, the goldfish is alive. Wait a minute. So you're going to suck the goldfish into your nose and back out your mouth. Correct. Okay, here we go. Let's get a good look at that. Ow! Did it come out? Did it come out? Come on! Get him out! He sucked it into his nose. He sucked it into his nose and he can't find it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. That didn't go through. That didn't go through. That didn't go through. That didn't go through. That didn't go through. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. All right, the goldfish is still alive. He snorted in his nose, but it came back out his nose, right, Anthony? Yeah, and he just did like a snot rocket. Okay, he sucked the goldfish back into his nose. It's got to come out his mouth with his ticket. He's caught! Thank you. Yeah! Oh my gosh! Thank you. Yeah! Oh my gosh! Right out of his mouth! Come on, I want to see if that goldfish is still alive. He might be a little... Gary is alive! Gary is alive! Oh my God! Oh my God! All right! I like when it didn't go all the way through at first. He had a snotrocketed out. You know, like you plug one nostril up and just go... Okay, yeah. No jagging. Wow, that is fantastic. Well, we got a studio audience. Do you think these guys deserve kiss tickets or what, huh? All right, we'll give them a pair of kiss tickets. Thank you. It's not front row worthy. Oh, look at that. Wow! Really? You're good. Wow, Roger's tough. You get the audience's opinion. Roger's tough. They get the kiss tickets, but not the front row. But not the front row tickets. You wanted to do this in front of kids, too. That was the way you guys wanted to do it. Are they good tickets, at least, Roger? They're very decent tickets. You guys will be happy with your kiss tickets. That was awesome, by the way. But the front row tickets are still up for grabs, officially. We got three pairs. My nose hurts just thinking about that. That's amazing. He snorted the goldfish. He snorted the goldfish into his nostril. And it was supposed to come out of his mouth. You had a tough time the first go around. Yeah, the first time I did it, it gets a little jammed up in my sciences. But you know, you just got to go. You got to go. So where do you think the goldfish was, then? I don't know. I don't know. So where do you think the goldfish was, then? Way deep in your sinuses? It was up there, buddy. It was floundering around a little bit. So he had to give away the goldfish? All right, so he had to pop the goldfish back out of his nostril, Anthony, and try it again. And the second attempt was good. It went in the nostril and out the mouth. It hacked it out of his mouth like a hairball. Let's hear it for the amazing Jason and his brother. That is so gross. The amazing Jason is redoing his chain trick for Andrea. One guy called up and said he didn't understand the trick. He takes the chain, which is pretty thick around, he snorts it through his nostril and then pulls it out his mouth. Not pulls it out his mouth. You're making it sound too easy. He hacks it off. Yeah, he hacks it out like a furball, like a cat does. And then he's got the chain through his nose and his mouth. And then he does a little mental floss with it. The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW. Sofya and Anthony. Just about closing up shop. There's actually someone out there getting ticked off at you because you're wrecking the end of that song, Anthony. They've only heard that 10,000 times in their life. All right. All right. Okay. Very good. Thank you. All right. Front row tickets to see Kiss. We got some winners. Yes. But if any of these winners back down, then we'll definitely have some more front row tickets up for grabs tomorrow. One of our winners is on the line here, Anthony. What do we got? Slave girl. Slave girl. Hi. Hi. So, slave girl, you coming down tomorrow? Yes, definitely. Three o'clock. Three o'clock. And tell everyone what you're going to do for the front row tickets to see Kiss. What? Tell everyone what you're going to do. Anything you want. You're heavily sedated right now or something? Oh, yeah. Are you going to be up tomorrow? My God. Listen to our opi. She doesn't sound very energetic. Oh, I'm not going to be up. Okay. So you're going to be our slave tomorrow? Definitely. Now, that entails doing menial tasks around the studio, completely naked. Okay. You have to be completely naked. Uh-huh. You're into that? No problem. Okay. And you'll be walking around in all fours and stuff. Yeah, like at any given moment, we could just go, hey, do a cartwheel. Yeah. And you have to do it. I told you, I'd do anything you want. Oh, cool. All right. And if we're, you know, satisfied with your performance, we'll give you the front row tickets. All right? We have to be satisfied. No. No, the second she's naked, doing work around here. The second you're naked and you're working, you know, the show and stuff, trust me, you'll get the front row tickets, okay? Oh, okay. You're not a mess, are you? No, are you crazy? Okay, I just, just checking. Because we don't want like an hour through the show to go, um, put your clothes on. Yeah. That would not be a good thing. No, you're going to say, please don't put your clothes on. How old are you? Twenty. Twenty, okay. Twenty. That's good. Radio careers that Anthony and I actually asked a girl to put her clothes back on. Was that the girl with the smelly breasts? Yeah, it was. That's a story for another time. Yeah, it was. Can you please shower tomorrow before you come in? Of course. You're a very clean girl. Okay, good. Because... Are you well-groomed? Yeah. Okay. We'll tell that story another day. Yeah, we'll have to remember to tell that. Well, we were the best actors in the world. We made this girl sound like she was so hot and stuff. Okay, so we'll see you tomorrow at 3. Okay. And you got the front row tickets. Okay, 3, 5, 8. Okay. All right. Thank you. All right. Bye. Bye. And we got another one of our winners on the line. Yo! Hello! Hey, man, you coming down here tomorrow, huh? Yes, I am. For the front row tickets. I'm down with it, man. I'm excited. This must be fish guts, man. Yeah, fish guts. We got a lot of fish acts coming in tomorrow. Yeah? Patrick, you're going to eat a bunch of fish guts for the front row tickets to Seat Kits. That's great. Now, we decided, you know, six pounds of fish guts is a little too much. All right, whatever, you know? It has to be a healthy plate of fish guts. Okay. And we'll give you the front row tickets. That's great. Now, I want to get this straight because I don't like these complications popping up at the last minute. Yeah, right? I'm going to fish tonight. They'll be there tomorrow. All right, so when you talk, we're talking fish guts. We're not talking like a tail or... No, I'm talking belly. All right, you're talking belly. I'm talking... What drop? I'm talking... All right, Patrick, I had to jump out of the fish guts. You can't curse. Oh, I'm sorry. You can't curse like that. That's all right. I'm excited, man. That's all right, but we'll see you tomorrow. You know what I'm saying? If it smells like a dish, it's... All right, all right, all right, all right. All right, now we got to live. We got to be careful. We'll see you tomorrow. You'll eat the fish guts for the front row tickets to Seat Kits. All right, I'll see you tomorrow. All right, bro. There you go. That's two. And now we can't get the other couple on the line yet, the lesbian dildo act. What? What? They're not home? What's the deal? It's not my fault. I can't get them on the phone. Oh my lord. Does it ring and no one answers? It rings and I get a machine. Okay. All right, you get a machine now. All right, well, the girls that called and said they would do the lesbian dildo act. Yeah. That's the winner of the other pair of tickets to the front row to Seat Kits. Okay? Oh my god, they better show up. They better show up. Oh, please. Please, god. Please let the girls show up. Please. All right. I think we have time. Yeah, we can play this really fast. Off our CD Demented World, we were joking about that a little bit today. Oh, the CD can't get anywhere. Yeah, we actually weren't joking. But anyway, people want to hear the Tourette's Whorehouse phone call.