 No, we didn't get fired. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. It's Hopi and Anthony. Hey, what's up? And we're stuck in the year 1986. It's the evolution of the Rock of New York. 86? 86. Let's call it Spade a Spade. 1986 was one of the most blandest years in the history of rock and roll. Very bland. It means nothing to me. Nothing. Joe Jackson, right and wrong, care. Peter Gabriel, big time, who cares? Pretenders, don't get me wrong. Robert Cray, smoking gun. Woohoo. A lot of fond memories in my brain with those songs. Yeah. So, how are you, man? Great. I want to thank Carol Miller for the great lead-in. It's almost like the coveted spot after Seinfeld, isn't it, Hopi? Isn't it? Yeah, just like that, isn't it? I see that you didn't resign yet. It's pretty funny, though. I guess she's delusional now. She thinks she won the fight with us yesterday. So, just like a folder of faxes. Yeah, this is pretty funny. With a bunch of comments about the evolution of the Rock of New York. Yeah. And every single fax mentions you and I. So, the old timers around here made sure that we found this pile of faxes so they could get to us. Oh, boy, this hurts. Who is this sent to? Dave Herman. Longtime listener, 20 years, WNEW. Can't stand Hopi and Anthony, loved the evolution of Rock. I noticed, oh, they started to speak badly about Scott Muni. We did not. No, we didn't. We retreated quickly. Actually, he was the only one we didn't speak badly of yesterday. Why would we? Regardless of what Scott is doing now, his, I think it's 15 minutes on the air he has from 10 to 10.15 on WNEW, Scott earned a spot in New York radio history. Without a doubt. The guy was there during the beginning. He's a legend. Yeah, a legend. He was there. He did things. He was out there. The other guys are legends in their own minds, simple as that. Some people here at WNEW and that have gone on since are known for playing records. That's it. Fine. For making very good segues. Great. Count your blessings for making good segues and playing a list of songs that the boss hands them. Consider yourself lucky and they're radio legends for that. Carol Miller doesn't even run her own board. She has someone point to her and she talks. Where is that? When she is told when to speak, they point to her and she starts speaking. Why are they laughing out there? Yeah, because they are laughing because it's a joke. There are people around here that work 10 to 12 hours a day to put this station together. Where is poor Eddie Trunk? Is he at the hospital getting his stomach pumped because he had to eat so many Advils today? The reason Eddie Trunk works with Carol Miller is because he is the point guy. He goes, Carol, and he points to her and then she talks for 15 to 20 seconds and then they play commercials. That's it. And she is a legend for that? She can't even run the board. So I know we got our supporters out there so we're going to have a little fun today. The Facts Line, 212-957-W-E-W if you want to send a Facts in to support us or trash us. I don't care. I'll take either one. I don't care. But I think we'll get our little pile of Facts together and we'll throw it in their face right back, okay? Yeah, isn't that great? They left a big folder for us. The evolution of the Rock of New York comment folder. I guess we're doing something right because they didn't fire us after yesterday's performance so... Maybe after today. Oh my God. We rock on with the evolution. Yeah, we got to tease some more great rock here from 1986. Great. We continue with the evolution of the Rock of New York. Joe Cocker on the way and Fabulous T-Birds. Bon Jovi with the song we've played probably 50,000 times since 1986. 1027-W-E-W, the Rock of New York. Bon Jovi, living on a prayer. We're stuck in the year 1986. You're listening to the evolution of the Rock of New York. It's Hope and Anthony. Hey. And people are sending their Facts in at 212-757-1027. Actually that's the studio line. Like I'm being a hand of stuff here. Sorry about that. And the Facts line, 212-957-W-E-W is for the Facts. This one reads, Hope and Anthony, so Carol Miller calls you guys uneducated stupid morons and purchases plastic enemas and tells you to stick it up your asses. Well, I guess you know what this means. This means war. Yeah, I didn't like that whole thing. She kind of insulted me yesterday. She says that it was implying that if you don't have a college education, you're not even worthy of confronting her on anything. We invited her in to discuss her side of this evolution of rock thing. She's really into it. We think it blows. She did a very good job for herself. Yeah, it was a heated discussion is what it was. And she defended herself quite well. But then she turns around and she's trying to say that if you don't have the degrees that I guess she has, I don't know, you're not worthy. Right. You're a stupid moron. Yeah, you're a moron. So sorry. I guess everybody out there that didn't go to college are all a bunch of buffoons according to Carol. Carol couldn't just leave it alone. She had to run around the hallways telling everyone she won. She won whatever. I don't know. It was a discussion and she won the battle and she's running up to the FedEx guys and whoever will listen to her that she won this big, huge battle between the old and the new or something. I don't know. I don't know what it is. So battle's been fought at this station before and it's over. She couldn't leave well enough alone. So we've invited Ed Trunkin here to our show. Thank you. Under such great circumstances. I appreciate this. We're putting Eddie in a very bad position here. But I just want to ask Eddie a couple questions because she would call this uneducated and stupid morons. And she also abused me because I didn't get her mic on fast enough yesterday. Remember that? Yes. She said that. Wow, you're really good. You're a technical whiz with your equipment. Thank you. Obviously not hitting the button fast enough. So when you do listen to Carol Miller before we're on the radio, you'll hear, you know, thank Eddie Trunk and Eddie's in the studio. Eddie, what do you do for the Carol Miller show? I guess you would call it run the board. You run the board. Now it's more than that. Well, Eddie plays all the music. Right. Eddie sags all the songs. Right. Eddie plays all the commercials. Right. Eddie actually points to Carol when it's time for her to talk. Do you get the music too out of the catalog? Do you? Yeah. And the spots. And the spots. And you put them in the CD player. Yeah. And you play them. And I queue them up. You queue them up. Sometimes you have to even queue in a couple seconds to make sure it's. And you also answer her phones. Most of the time. Yes, of course. So what Carol does. I'm damn proud of that, by the way, after 14 years on the air and radio. Let me tell you. Yeah. It's quite a career move. And you do a good job. It's the board. It sounds very tight and the sags are very good. And if that's what you're looking for, that's fine. Because it's you do it very well. But I don't want anybody under the illusion that Carol is doing this. Yes. Plus the fact that a monkey can do our jobs. I know that. I'm not that cocky. Trust me. But Carol pretty much sits there across from the board and waits for Eddie to point to her. And then she talks for 20, 30 seconds and she points back to Eddie to push the commercials. And that's what she as a legend in this town does for a living. I think we all agree that we all pretty much got into radio because we didn't want real jobs. Right. You know, so, you know, that's a big part of why we do it. But now that she's calling us stupid morons and uneducated stuff, I thought, you know, maybe we should pass that along to listeners what she actually does. So she's on the radio for three hours. She talks twice an hour for maybe a total of a minute an hour. So she sits there to talk for three minutes and that's it. That's her job. You know, that is funny. How long have you guys been here now? Five months, five months, six months, five months ago. These guys were out to dinner with Carol. Yeah. And now look how far we've come. Well, we definitely have a problem with a lot of the stuff that's going on around here. And, you know, I was I was I was playing a pretty cool until she calls the Beavis and Butthead of radio. But we're trying to make the commute home a little easier for people that are stuck in traffic. We just want to do our show. Carol was berating what we do. So we asked her in plain English, what do you do? I guess she didn't come clean. So we had Eddie come in here and tell everybody what she does. And he does everything. Carol Miller talks for three minutes a day. That's it. The old time jocks, they wax poetic about the good old days. We went in, we played what we wanted. We didn't listen to a program director. We blah, blah, blah. After the suits came in, they sat down, they shut up and they played their songs with no balls, no more balls. These guys have had 15 years to speak their minds and they didn't do it. It's always done behind people's backs and whatnot. We get on the air. We don't like this sitting through this evolution, Iraq special that's going on here at any W, regardless of what the people if you like some of the songs or not, it doesn't matter. We don't like doing this. We weren't hired to play old songs. I'm embarrassed when I have to sit here and act like a regular DJ and say songs. So when someone like Carol Miller, who's been in the business for years, starts berating us, it pisses us off because the image that people have of her is, well, she's been in the business years. She must be this great disc jockey to have done this for so many years. No, it's nothing going on there. She plays songs. You do that at home. She doesn't even do that. That's what I'm trying to tell people. She doesn't pick the songs. She doesn't play the songs. She doesn't play the commercials. She doesn't even answer her phones. Eddie points her and she talks a minute and hour. That's it. And just so I don't sound completely pathetic, I do that because I get to do two shows of my own on the weekend. That's my reward. That's the carrot and the end of the stick for me. Listen, Eddie. We did put Eddie in a very bad position and we appreciate you coming in here. I'm not. I'm just you know, the funny thing about it is I didn't even hear any of this. I was on the train on the way home. I got a couple messages when I got home, you know, and then I heard a lot about it today. Yeah. As you can imagine. But I didn't actually hear it happen. So all right. So there you go. That's that's what Carol does as she calls us uneducated, stupid morons. Some people might be happy sitting and singing songs like we've been doing for the past week here. We're not. We're miserable. We like being creative. Whether we whether we hit or fall on our asses, we like doing things that might strike a nerve, might make people laugh, might make people hate us. Who cares? But we're doing something. We're not being pointed out so we could go. That was great. And then we do it again. You know, that's not what we're here to do. And we've been put in a position this past week where we're we that's what we have to do. We like to earn our paycheck just like you guys out there working two, three jobs at a time. So Kevin, no, do you need a bit? Do we do any of it? I want to I want to know how it feels. OK, point to me so I can play the commercial here. I just want to see how this goes. So like you sit there, right. And you realize she's done talking. It's like one to seven W.N.E.W. the Rock of New York. Addicted to love, Robert Palmer, you're listening to the evolution of the rock in New York. We are stuck in the year 1986. It's opiate Anthony. Hey, and people are faxing and calling and using that instant feedback. And I love it. I love the good. I love the bad. I love the indifferent. At least we're making you think a little bit here today. Well, it's an office building. They're all taking bets on when we're getting fired. Some people say it won't be till the first of the year. Some people think right after this whole evolution thing is over. We're out the door, you think? And another guy at the office says that we won't be fired. So there's little betting going on. I wonder who will be fired after this is over. I don't know. Carolyn says heard the show yesterday. I think you guys are great. If you had liked this rock history crap, I would have been very disappointed in you. Thank you. Please keep me laughing. Well, thank you. All right. Anthony, you've got to explain our point of view here because a lot of people are calling and saying, guys, if you don't like what any W's doing, why are you there? Why don't you go to another radio station in New York that you would like better? Yeah, let's get this straight. We are not getting down on W. N. E. W. This place has huge potential. She would be a great station. The station that it was its former greatness, not the former jocks and not the former playlist. That isn't how it's going to happen. We weren't brought in to say these songs. We don't have a problem with any W. We have a problem with this special. We think it's a giant step backwards. It's keeping us from doing what we do, which is trying to open people's minds, bring in some new listeners that haven't been with the station, may have strayed over the years. Because the people that just like the old music, they're not that many of them. It's a dying breed. We can't be competitive in New York with just classic rock. Another email. Why did you guys take a job at a classic rock station? We're not a classic rock station anymore. We didn't. But we really can't defend ourselves with that issue this week because we're playing all this cheesy, but old rock. Last week when we were saying stations around town playing but old rock, we were very happy that week. We were. The station was moving in a great direction. We were playing the best of the old and the best of the new. We were getting out, doing things. Now this special was placed in our lap. And we have a problem with this decision to do this program and have it drone on in real time for 31 years. I think I'm 55 years old now. When I started this job I was 34. My God. What happened to the years, Ant? It's not a problem with the station. People are calling up, you've got a problem with the station. Leave. No problem with the station. This station could be a friggin' tank. It could roll over on the stations. And I believe it will as long as we get back on track. The direction we were headed before we hit this brick wall that is the revolution, evolution of whatever. The air pollution of the rock in New York. You're listening to the air pollution of the rock in New York. Can everybody get a good view of the Empire State Building right now? You see our tower, the signal? See that brown air coming out of it? That's the evolution right now. It's playing. It's like brown air coming out. Can't we have another blackout for the rest of this week in New York? This is just a bad mistake. We'll all move on. And people wonder, well, you know something? It's your job. Why don't you just play the music? We've gotten quite a few emails like that. You know something? I wouldn't feel comfortable playing Chuck E's in Love or Rod Stewart, Do You Think I'm Sexy? And not say a word about it. Because it makes us look like assholes. It sure does. For God's sake. Brex our credibility. Yeah, how could we do what we did for the prior months before this special? And then through the special, hey, that was great, wasn't it? That was Rod Stewart, Do You Think I'm Sexy? How phony would we sound? Yeah. That's all. That's where we stand on this. So I do want to state, we light the direction N.E.W. was going in last week. And it will continue on Monday. Hopefully. We will continue in the forward motion of W.N.E.W. I just thought at this critical time when we're trying to really revitalize the station, that this was a huge anchor that we're trying to pull along. Especially this year, 1986, these tunes are so bland. There's nothing to them. Opie, you didn't catch a Bon Jovi? Living on a Prayer. Living on a Prayer? We played that song already. Why are we making it a big deal that it's a special song during the air pollution of the Rock of New York? Look at this. Tory in Jersey, are they smoking crack? Stop the madness. The 80s are over. Please, when will this end? Tory, Monday. Monday. We will be back to our normal program. The suffering continues for both sides too. Because today I was just going to come in here and start playing all the new songs that we were playing last week. Did you take a look at the wall over there, Anthony? Yes, it looks a little empty. They took out all the new records. Does that mean there's going to be a format change on Monday that they're not telling us about? No, I think they totally didn't trust us to stick to this evolution thing. So now we are stuck playing all this stuff. I was honestly going to go into the rack and start playing all the new stuff. The new Black Crows, the new R.E.M., the Rush Live set. Well, off the subject, I got the Dr. Laura Schlesinger pictures. She was a pretty hot tomato back then. Another hypocrite in radio? Yes, she's this big moralist. She gets on the air and lambasts callers for being morally corrupt and promiscuous. Meanwhile, there's some pictures of her which looks like in a CD hotel with her. That's a nice bedspread you got there, Dr. Laura. Pretty good. I'll be honest, I don't mind this next song. What is it? But I definitely mind the song that is after this one. 1027WNOW, The Rock of New York, Rolling Stones, Harlem Shuffle. Stuck in the year 1986. This is the air pollution of the Rock of New York. And boy, look at the faxes flying in with everybody saying how much they loved hearing the Harlem Shuffle again, Anthony. I can't count all the faxes. They're spitting out so fast we're going to have to change the role of the fax machine. You guys are so right. This is Kevin. This series is lame. These songs suck. They are the soundtrack of me trying to get laid. That's all. That's about it. Everybody can remember that, right? Yep. Another haunting memory. Faxline 212957WNOW. I don't think we've explained ourselves well enough, Anthony. I think we did. I honestly don't. I need to show people the type of hell we're actually in. And I think this will explain it right here. We are going to play the Harlem Shuffle again so you can enjoy it again. Let you endure it. Isn't this awful? And then honestly tell us how you feel. You know, Anthony, after hearing it for the second time, I think I could actually appreciate that song. Yeah, that's great. I was mistaken. No, this will put N.E.W. exactly where we want it. 1027WNOW, the Rock of New York, R.E.M. off Life's Rich Padgett. That's Superman. I hate to admit it, but I like that song. You like that one? Yeah. Is that okay? No. Because you don't like R.E.M. No, I'm not a big R.E.M. fan. There are some songs I do like. Yeah, I can't lie. I like getting the razor blade and listening to Everybody Hurts. You know, when I put that noose around my neck. It's open, Anthony, and we are stuck in the year 1986. This is the air pollution of the Rock of New York. Here's a good fact. You know, the 80s were bad when even the stones sucked. I'll tune back in on Monday. One guy wants to name it the Abomination of the Rock of New York. Really? What was the one about us getting fired? That's the only reason they're listening or something? Yeah, we got so many facts that we're trying to go through up here. It's crazy. The only reason that we're still listening to this horrible program is to see if these two assholes can actually manage to get themselves fired while on the air. Well, I don't think so. At least we kept it real. Facts Line 212-957-WNEW. We're reading them as fast as possible here. A lot of the faithful listeners are chiming in and we do care about those guys a lot. They're saying that they're sick of hearing us complain and stuff. I don't blame them. I don't either. What we wanted to do today, honestly, was to just blow off this entire air pollution of the Rock of New York and start playing new music. But the wall of CDs behind Ben right now... It looks sparse now. A little sparser than it did. We took out all the new CDs. Now, I don't know if they did that because we're changing formats when this is over or if they didn't trust us. Well, I heard from somebody, as the new years come up, they'll be adding those years back in so we can't jump ahead. So, honestly, what I'm looking at is just the CDs from 1986, right? We have no other choice at this point. And earlier, yeah. That's it. Oh my God, this is horrible. All right. So people are sick of us complaining. I say we can't play the new music like we want to. Yeah. I think we could play around a broad bingo, though. Okay. I'm for that. Anything to break up this monotony. And I think there's some people out there that would like to play broad bingo along with us. Okay. That's going to take us a while to get our... Oh, Rick's running to get our... Rick, you're getting it? Yeah. Rick's getting the game boards. What you need to do is make a bingo card, five by five. The middle square is the free boob square. To get that for free, yeah. Get that for free. And then you got to put in random bra sizes everywhere else. And don't put the obvious bra sizes all in a row. Yeah. What Anthony and I do is we put all the bra sizes in a hat and then we pick them out. One by one and just go in order on your card and fill it out until your bingo card is full of bra sizes. Yes. With the free boob in the middle. Yes. Five by five card. Middle square is the free boob square. And then we'll have the ladies call in a few minutes here and they'll give us their bra sizes and we'll play around. What do you want to play for today? Let's see. Whoever wins gets to go home. And the other guy's got to sit through this dribble. That's pretty good, actually. No, we can't do that. No? You've got to be a team player. Yeah, we are connected at the hip. I just mean team player to the show. True. Like if one leaves, both leave. Pretty much. One gets sick, the other gets sick. We're like Siamese twins. Got to be. When one dies, the other will die. That's pretty much how it is. Get that crazy. Yeah. So you want to play? Yeah. Okay. I'll break it up. All right. So Rick's getting the cards. Very good. I think we'll be ready to play in 15 minutes. So if the ladies are trying to call, give us like 15 minutes and then call in with your bra sizes at 212-757-1027. Ben, you want to play? Sure. Boy, in the meantime, I'm sure we'll be jamming some great tunes. Ben's going to play. Rick's going to play. I'll play. Anthony's going to play. Five by five card. Middle square is a free boob square. Get your bingo cards ready and we'll play Bra Bingo next time we talk. In the meantime, we'll be playing Van Halen. All right. See, that's good. Hi, N.E.W. This song sucks. What do you mean? I mean it sucks. What do you mean? I thought that was great. I thought we were all just having fun here. That was a good trip down memory lane. You guys are killing me. This is what the evolution is all about. It's like playing great, great old songs. I'm dying over here. Actually, the scary thing is I'm listening to Superman by R.E.M. and I'm going, gee, I kind of like this song. I hope they don't rip on it. Does that mean I think like you guys? I like it too, to be honest with you. But David and David, you know, they got to go. I tell you what, every other song before Superman was like, God, you're killing me. You know, somebody, stick a knife in me, please. All right, man. Guys. Hang in there with us. See you later. Monday we'll be back to normal. Hi, N.E.W. N.E.W. Hey, don't be there. Right here. Oh, question for you. I don't disagree with you. Some of that music is the pets. Yeah. Didn't you used to play that stuff at some other local stations? Some of the stuff. Back in the 80s. Some of the stuff, you're exactly right, but I explained myself yesterday. I had a nervous breakdown and now. But, yeah, because now I'm here. Now I'm here. Now I'm shooting a little out of line. And that too was an evolution. It was the evolution of Opie and the evolution of Opie and Anthony. And the revolution of Opie and Anthony. And now I'm here to expose it for what it is. Yeah, right now it's the revolution. Oh, that lead song was the pets, man. No, I really liked it. It was really cool. It brought me right back to 1986. The only good memory of 86 was when the Mets won the World Series. That's it. The music blew. That little Diddy, though, kind of stunk earlier too. That little Met Diddy. Oh, there was that Met song parody that played. Please don't, anybody, anyone that did hear that, please don't be mistaken and think it was us that night. I almost had to go over and throw up, man. The worst song parody. Oh, but no, no, bringing it back 12 years later is just a great idea. It's really relevant. Because something that good has to be played. And they did so great this year too, right? Yeah. We gotta go. Be good, guys. Alright, man. You've made me yearn for weird Al Yankovic. I'm crying out loud. Alright, we're a couple songs away from playing Bra Bingo. Get your 5x5 Bingo card together. Random bra sizes. The center square is the free boob square and you'll be able to play along with us, okay? 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York with Van Halen ain't talking about love. See how much more excited we are right now? They tried to pull a fast one on us. We know that that song didn't come out in 1986. That came out in what? 78, right? Yesterday we threatened to start playing newer music. So they pulled out all the CDs from the collection here in the studio and left only 1986 CDs for us to play. But they also left best of, the greatest hits collection. They forgot to take out the greatest hits CDs. So what we actually were doing, we were doing the evolution of the evolution. So we were flashing back to Tuesday, which I believe was 1978. We are stuck in the year 1986, except for that little ditty there. That reprieve. That reprieve of during the air pollution of the Rock of New York. This was the one I was supposed to play. It's a twofer from Van Halen. Yeah, we can handle that I guess. Opi and Anthony, thanks for the Jurassic Rock show. It sucks. Please do me a favor. Jurassic Rock. Please do me a favor. I'm stuck at work tonight and I'm afraid of having to listen to Lover Boys working for the weekend by myself. If I hear it, I may slip my wrist. Can you help me? That's Marion, Jersey City. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. It's Opi and Anthony. We're stuck in the year 1986. This is the air pollution of the Rock of New York. This flashback stuff is like Monica Lewinsky. It blows. MK from Ridgewood, New Jersey. Thank you, MK. But enough of that. I think it's time to play Bra Bingo. Yeah, let's get into something fun. Explain Bra Bingo real fast, Ann. Well, in front of us we have your standard Bingo card. But instead of numbers, we put in bra sizes. Various sizes between let's say 32A all the way up to the right ones of 44DD. And a couple of freak shows in there, too. We've got some real huge ones. And you fill them in, a standard Bingo card, with the free boobs. Simple minds. On the air pollution of the Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW. We're in the midst of a round of Bra Bingo here, Anthony. We've got to get back to the phones here. Try to get a winner. Yeah, I'm hurting over here. Once again, the lady that gives us the winning bra size will win a pair of tickets, too. Sandra Bernhardt's I'm Still Here, Dammit, November 24th at the Booth Theatre. Hi, who's this? This is Christina. Hi, Christina. How are you? Good. This is Sophia and Anthony. Both of us. Oh, it's both of you? Yeah. Christina, you've got to help me here. I'm hurting. Why? What's wrong? I need a good boob size for Bra Bingo. All right, well, how's 38DD? Oh, actually, someone called me with that one already. Did they really? Yeah, but you can never have enough 38DD, you know? Oh. Thanks for calling and thanks for listening to us. Thank you. All right. Bye-bye. Hi, who's this? It's Beth. Hi, Beth. How are you? Pretty good. You guys still playing? Yeah. Yeah. I'm thinking you're a little powerhouse. You're kind of petite, but you've got big ones. You got that right. Oh. I can tell by your voice. Yeah. Yeah. I'm the best in town. I'm the best in town. All right. Thanks, guys. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Oh, I can tell by your voice. What size? Ants good at that. 38 double day. Oh, we love the 38 double days, but a couple of girls have called with that already. What the hell's in the drinking water? Where were all these girls when I was dating? That's right. Well, thanks for calling. You're welcome, you guys are great. Hey, thanks a lot. Bye. Hi, NAW. 34C. 34C. Now we're talking. Now we're talking. That's a good size. Where's my 34C? 34C, I got it right here, Pally. Right there. I don't have 30. Oh, here it is, okay. That's a great size. Time is kind to those sizes. Why? Well, gravity doesn't have as much effect on a 34C. Oh, thank God. Yeah. Well, thanks for playing. No problem, thank you. All right. Bye. Hi, who's this? Hi, Ann. How are you? Good, how are you? Pretty good. Sounds like you got itty bitty ones. Well, 34B. 34B? Yeah. That's a good size. That's a good size. I had no complaints. I like that size. 34B. They're puky. Oh, unfortunately it's not on my board. I don't have it on mine either. No. You got it, Rick? 34B. 34B. None of us have 34B, I'm sorry. I got it. Oh, Rick's got it. Well, it's a lovely size and good luck with them. Well, thank you. Appreciate it. And I really love your show. Are you enjoying the evolution? It's not good at all. I suffer through this music just so I can hear you guys talking and everything, because you make me laugh on my drive home. Hey, thanks a lot. Have a great night, okay? Thanks, you too. All right. Wow, we still don't have a winner. No. I need one bra size. How many do you need, Ann? In any row, column, I'm still up to, I need three. All right, well, ladies, keep calling. The air pollution of the Rock of New York continues with the Moody Blues, your wildest dreams. So sit through all these commercials and then enjoy the musical stylings of the Moody Blues. I'm jamming with it. Sam, be a master of the pan flute. ["Ruby's Nine Tones"] 1-0-2-7-W-A-D-W, the Rock of New York. We're stuck in the year 1986, it's the air pollution of the Rock of New York and that's the Moody Blues, your wildest dreams. That's a really good song, I like it. Lemme put it back in the CD so we could all enjoy it another time here. Make sure nothing happens to me. know i'm gonna place it right over here and the interest in the focus but you don't want anything in my scratcher neck and i'll look how i'm carefully handling this thing you know i don't think that happened to this uh... moody blue she didn't show you don't think that's great one of these seven w a w the right in new york for stuck in the year nineteen eighty six is the air pollution of the right in new york and then i will not acknowledge uh... the song you just heard i know i was out of the studio where you and you didn't have a lesson right now i had to turn the love of god you did right by the turned out i turned the tbf i was wanted to be very good so what was it and i have no idea no clue don't care don't want to know we almost don't this what we don't uh... are we back to like maybe some order tomorrow and we're still doing a special tomorrow yes but we will not give up our f u friday now every friday will happen tomorrow without a doubt i i i can imagine with the f using the old about the end and monday we're back to business as usual back to the uh... all doping and the program yes as long as we you know play the best of the new rock in the best the old rock if we continue with this i'll resign not for this please you want to finish our game abroad they go hopefully here yeah we had a break things up and a little levity to the day instead of just pitching and complaining all day and we decided to play bra bingo it's a fun game that uh... we play from time to time take a bingo card five up five down fill it out with your favorite bra sizes the middle is a your free both space just like real bingo and we get calls from uh... the lovely ladies in our audience they tell us the bra size we circle whichever one's match on our card and when you have five in a row up down a diagonal you win there you go and today the winner is that you know with the winning size one sandra bernhardt tickets i think we know about it okay and thanks for listening to us and you guys agree thank you very okay alright babies got back and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and there you have another round of broad bingo problem glad that uh... broke up depressing atmosphere well we were in opi actually were stalling you know that they gave us enough music for four hours and only played about two hours with the music so far and now what one of his seven w any double the other out of new york world party ship of fools still stuck in the year nineteen eighty six of the air pollution of the rock of new york kate l sounds of the eighties order now and you'll get nineteen eighty six to start send it back keep the pet benatar headband is our gift if you like nineteen eighty six you'll get all the eighties whether you like it or not just like the evolution here's nina blackwood to tell you more and and and and thank you nina do you feel like we're stuck in a bad infomercial for uh... yeah i feel like i'm not looking at alan hunter for four straight hours i'm alan hunter you might remember me you know and like they have those infomercials and it's nina blackwood or someone or alan hunter and you start watching and it's like something for like sounds of the eighties and you think it's a thirty second commercial and five minutes later you finally realize that you've been you've been trapped into an infomercial and i thought this is just a quick commercial oh my god spot they've checked us we're stuck in an in version but family yet it does it ropes in and you can do any voices until monday all my god twenty-nine knots i gotta wait until we're back to our regularly scheduled programming alright guys now listen we just spent the last four hours looking back at the united states we all be in agreement that in general nineteen eighty six was a horrible year for music i a few songs in there that i went all out of the kind of need to hear again but in general i think eighty six was a really bad year for most part yes and we have another hour of that and then matt devotee who's coming up in a few minutes here he's going to get us into nineteen eighty seven finally alright now eighty seven that starts picking up a bit uh... yes you get uh... are you start with the came out to joshua tree rey allman on his own permitting cation from aris mit things startle up and it was the year of one of my favorite bands of all time comes roses appetite for destruction came out all that was in eighty seven so once again of that will be rocking as anthony and i drive down to the island last night last night the special didn't sound too bad in the car right at the now the music man has is pretty cool also needs playing the van halen with david lee roth and all this great stuff like why do we get that we got do you think i'm sexy from ross stuart i think they're pulling a fast on us in the office this like you're going to get a special visit will give them this this is this is the right when they walk out the door will go eighty seven star plan some uh... cool stuff trust me keep listening to matt the moody's music gets so much better than what we play today i have i got a honest got to be honest you'll see for yourself i mean i suffer through a few more here but i think that that is that it will change his see what happened was and that has to play uh... an hour's worth of our music as we talked to us today all what a shame we talked too much but there must have helped but also needed to have you also didn't notice the middle of that show not even in the middle of pretty much uh... early on that the music changes and it's going to rock and it's gonna be really really good right tomorrow is f u friday whether uh... we're allowed to do it or not you know we're gonna definitely do that it will be a few friday and uh... voice for gonna have to put a new role of paper in the facts machine