 One oh two seven W.A.W. The Rock of New York two for Tuesday Van Halen. Everybody wants some. That song is very appropriate to what we're talking about today on the program. It's Sophie and Anthony and the revolution continues here. Yeah, today is sort of maybe a solution that we were trying to think up for yesterday's show. Yesterday's show ended on a note where we were kind of seeing a lot of people were miserable and everyone was sad and they went home kind of feeling kind of empty and they resigned to the fact that this is their life. They're married now. Their dating life might have been great. They married and something happened along the way where they're just not as happy anymore, not as sexually active and that's causing some problems in the marriage. Well we tried to think of a quick fix and I think this is a good one. Opie came up with an idea, a brainstorm last night. Brainstormed a little bit and we came up with the concept the Tuesday Night Humor Club. If you come up with a better name for this, we'll definitely accept it because we like to get the people involved with our show. 212-957-WNAW is the fact line. But basically we're encouraging the ladies sometime today on Tuesday to give their man or their lady friend, I don't care who you go out with, just give them a wah-wah to their wah-wah-wah. The Humor Club. The Humor Club. Easy as that. Simple as that. And the ladies we've talked to thus far on our show, they're all for it, Anthony. Very receptive. Sometimes you just need an icebreaker. I don't know what happens when you're dating, you go at it like rabbits. I remember there were times I came home for lunch from work. Boom! There you go. You're going at it. And then something happens along the way and things slow down. You don't know why. Maybe distractions, kids, the job, the pressure. I don't know what it is. But this is an icebreaker now where on Tuesday nights the guy can go home and go like, you know, I just might get something tonight. I might get that a little hot. You're at dinner and you both listen to our show, you're going to kind of smile and go, did you hear what those wackos were talking about today? And it's all fun and games. And then next thing you know it's probably going to happen. A little opportunity. You're sitting at home, maybe you're sipping a little wine. Yeah. A little dinner, a little wine. You're feeling a little fun. And then all of a sudden you're like, did you hear Opie and Anthony today? Oh, it's the Tuesday thing. Boy, that's crazy, huh? Yeah. Before you know it. So what do you say? Uh-huh. Yeah, yeah. It's just the opportunity to break the ice a little. So ladies, take it and we have a guy in the line who needs a little help. All right. He needs our help. Hi, Andy W. Hey, how you doing, boys? All right. Listen, I was hoping perhaps you could help me join your club. How can we help you? I'm a bit at a disadvantage. Well, first of all, let me ask you this. Does it have to be with your wife? We don't really care how it happens. Okay. Because that's up to you. We're hoping it would be if you're married with your wife. That's the proper thing. Because I mean, we're just trying to help people out there a little miserable in their relationship. Well, speak about misery. I've been sick for about four or five days now. My head's about to explode. Basically, my wife has turned into Nurse Ratched. And Nurse Ratched informed me yesterday morning that I'm coughing too loudly now. So when she gets home from work tonight, I don't know what the chances are. So I need you to reach out for me. Okay. Can you do that? Yeah. What do you want us to do? Her name's Kelly. You want to give her a call? All right. Hold on. We're going to call her while you're on the air here. Okay, cool. We'll do all the talking. Don't say a word. Hello? Kelly? Yeah. Hi. It's Opien Anthony from NAW Radio. Hello. Hi. You listen to us? Yes, I do. Oh, cool. We got you live in the air, if that's okay. Do you? Yeah. Did you hear what we started today? No. I only had you on for part of the day. Well, we started the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Yeah, I heard all about that. Oh, you did? Already? Well, a little about it yesterday. I heard what you were doing bashing married people and everything else. No, we really weren't bashing married people. We were just exposing the misery that a lot of married couples are in. And it just happens that you fall into it over the years. Now, your husband's homesick. Yes. And he wants... He called you. Yes, I am. Okay. He says you're starting to act like Nurse Ratched. I've always been like Nurse Ratched. I'm not starting. You said he's coughing too loudly? Yeah, he makes a lot of noise. He said he's a male typical, you know, baby once he came to camp or when he's sick. The guy's sick for you. I'm not sick for you. I'm not sick for you. I'm not sick for you. I'm not sick for you. I'm not sick for God's sake. Well, we have to find out for him what are the odds of him joining the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Oh, he can join. No, see, it's not that simple. See? Wait a minute. All right, I'm a little off-taken to the football. I forgot it. Well, there's a possibility. There's a possibility. Do you understand what the Tuesday Night... Yeah, I know what the Hummer Club is, yeah. Okay. What's the move tonight, you think? If he doesn't cough too loud? Yeah, if he's good and he doesn't complain. Yeah, he might just, you know, make a little noise. All right, what can he do, because he's listening right now, what can he do for you to increase his odds, let's say? There must be something you need done around the house. No, he's too sick, remember? Well, he's going to be better eventually. Yeah, eventually. Maybe hold out until next Tuesday when he's healthy, you know? Yeah, that'll be good. Oh, you're just killing the guy. He's all psyched that he's going to get one tonight, oh. No, he's really good. He's really good. He does a lot of things for me and everything, so I really, I can't complain. Okay. All right, so you're going to take a stamp to the old-fashioned way. Yeah. Yeah, if that's what he wants, that's going to turn him on, great. So can you guarantee all of New York that you and your husband will be joining the Tuesday Night Hummer Club tonight? Yeah, yeah. Yeah! All right, that's what we want to hear. That's what we want to hear. You know, you've got to start these things like a grassroots campaign, very personal, we have to call people. It's a definite. Wow, awesome. Kelly, you rock. If there's anything we can do for you, you definitely call us back, okay? All right. All right, and hold on the line. I think we're going to give you a prize or something. Thanks a lot, guys. All right, hold on. Take care. Buddy! Hello? Did you hear that? No, I didn't hear anything. You didn't hear? No. Oh, well. What happened? I'm not telling you. Oh, come on. You'll find out tonight. How's that sound? You're kidding. I'm just saying, you'll find out tonight. Yeah, this isn't going to be good. Just be a good boy. Thanks, guys. All right. How does he feel about it? I appreciate it. Hold on the line. All right. There you go. He doesn't even know. He doesn't even know. Matt from New York's got a name for it. Okay. How about Clean Your Tubes Tuesday? It's in the right direction. I also got a fax. The Neil and Bob Association. I don't think so. Well, we will accept a better name. And we got another fax. Tuesday Night Hummer Club needs an oath. Yeah, it does need an oath. We need like an oath. I will uphold the blah blah blah kind of oath. Yes. We'll think of one of those. If you guys want to come up with an oath, we'll read that as well. 212-957-WNEW. But the Clean Your Pipes Tuesday. Clean Your Tubes Tuesday. All right. Write that down because I'm going to forget because that's a good one. And then we'll have people vote on the best name. Yeah. 1027-WNEW. The Rock of New York. Tube for Tuesday. The Doors. Alabama Song. And Roadhouse Blues. Van Halen in there as well. On the way, we got two from Zeppelin and the Stone Temple Pilots. And the folks are going nuts. Man, going absolutely nuts. We're onto something today. People are taking the ball and running with it. Yes, they are. We have started a new club on the Opie and Anthony show. It's very easy to join. It's called the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Two can chew Tuesday. Thanks, Diane. The ladies are really into this, Anthony. Tuesday's Tube Steak Boogie Club. Yeah, everyone's trying to come up for a name for this lovely concept. But basically, we're trying to jumpstart some relationships out there because we heard from you guys yesterday and it sounded like a lot of you guys weren't happy. Just weren't happy with what's going on at home. Whether you're a woman or a guy, you know, there was really no one to blame yesterday. Fell into a lull in your relationships. Mm-hmm. Little icebreaker. Yes, we're encouraging the ladies later on today. Any time from now until midnight or a little after, we'll give you a little leeway. You take care of your husband. You want his back and then your official member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. It's easy. And Rick is informing me we might have the first official member on the phone line here. Oh, let's go. I believe this guy is Fred. Hi, NW. I'll be Anthony. Yeah. You guys are gods. Thank you so much for Hummer Tuesday. Why? What happened? My girlfriend was visiting her friends out in Wantoa and I turned her on to NW when you guys started and she was just driving by and she heard Hummer Tuesday and she called me on her cell phone. She's like, is it busy? And they go, no. You got any customers? They go, no. She goes, I got a surprise for you. So she stops by. She's like, lock the doors. I'm like, why? Then she wanted to hum. I'm not about to say no. Fred, you're officially the first member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. How happy are you? I got a grin on my face from year to year. It's a better world now. Now, if I had a cigar, it'd be perfect. Fred, congratulations. Thanks a lot, guys. You guys are gods. Now remember, when you call our show for now, just remind us that you're the first official member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. official member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. All righty, you got it. All right, brother. All right, later. Bye. Man, the facts are spilling in like crazy here too. 212-957-WNEW. This one reads, hey, the Tuesday Night Hummer Club is the ultimate idea I've ever heard. If all the wives out there would join the club, there would never be any divorce. Women don't realize all guys want is a good wah-wah and a cheeseburger. That is what I live for. Paul from Brooklyn. We're simple beings. We are simple beings, men. Yes. And a Hummer is just, God, it's such a treat. It makes me happy for days. Yeah. Not hours, days. Opie and Anthony, my girlfriend just made me a member of your Tuesday Night Hummer Club. All right, congrats. Thank you, guys. You rock. It's Al from New Jersey checking in, another member. It's like a Hummer telethon going on. People checking in. We're going to the tote board. How many Hummers are we up to officially? Think two. I think only two. That's okay. Even Jerry Lewis starts somewhere with his freak show. Now, this is the type of telethon I'd like to see on TV. The Hummer telethon. Instead of dragging out all the cripples and stuff, you can drag out all the loser guys that haven't had it in a while. Look at this poor sap. He hasn't had one in years. Come on, call up. Our phones have to keep ringing. These men need Hummers. He drove over to the telethon in his minivan. With the baby stuff in the back. All of a sudden you turn into a pack mule for baby equipment. All these guys I knew when I was growing up and my friends. One guy I knew. He had this GTO. We used to go out and we were so proud of it and everything. Now you see him. He's in a minivan. Everywhere he goes, he's got the playpen and this big Pampers sack. He's pulling things and kids are pulling on his leg. I'm just like, God, he was the coolest guy. He was the guy you looked up to. Oh, wow, look at this. Maybe we could get a spark back into his life. That's all we're trying to do. That's all we're just trying to help. Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Now isn't this much more exciting than listening to DJs just sing tunes? Of course. Like they've been doing for the last 15 years here. We are giving back to the community at this point, Anthony. Trying to help Opie. Yes. Another guy checking in on the instant feedback. Bill says, awesome, I just called my wife and she's willing to make me an official member. This is better than marriage counseling. But the good work. Look at this. We're saving marriages. This this rocks. One or two seven W. Any W. The Rock of New York. Two for Tuesday with the Stone Temple Pilots. That's Wicked Garden from the core CD and also plush. It's open, Anthony. On TV, they're showing the footage of the Rockefeller Christmas tree. I've now seen them cut down the tree for 100 times. That was the 100th time they showed it on TV. Happens every year. And Anthony, did you know this is the first year in a very long time that the tree actually isn't coming from New York State? Opie, this tree coming from Ohio. You know, it took this tree 60 years to get to the size it's at and just a mere 90 seconds to be cut down by a chainsaw as they loaded onto a military cargo plane, which we talked to the pilot of that plane. And yes, it can handle the weight. As I watched the news, I was I was drooling at the end of it. I was just like, Dad, dad, dad, dad. What does that say for mankind? The trees been growing for 60, 70 years and we cut it down in 90 seconds. Yeah, right. Just so a bunch of fat housewives can come to Rockefeller Center and screw up our traffic. I stayed under the tree for God's sake. Let me have a good Christmas. Tree sitting there for years. Little little sapling. Yeah. Growing up in the perfect spot. You know, many trees don't ever make it the perfect spot to grow that big. The sun is perfect. The weather's perfect. Starting to get a little bigger. Oh, look, it survived its little sapling stage, Opie, and it's growing into a beautiful Christmas tree. Look, a little bunny lives under it. It's a little bunny's home. Well, what year is it now? Nineteen fifty five. Wow, it's been here a while. It's so big. Gee, you know, that thing could probably grow and grow and grow for a thousand years. Oh, look, it's 1998. It's what looks good. I think. There it goes. That's it. Lovely. Man, so there are we bastards. They were talking to the people that work around Rockefeller Center. They say this is this time of year is an absolute living hell. They can't even go to lunch. And if they eat at like 10 in the morning because lunchtime, it's just everyone going down there to check out the tree. People work work in the city. Why do people forget that? They say something like almost one hundred thousand more cars, additional cars in per day per day during the Christmas season, like 80,000 new cars. Most of them, most of them going to check out the tree, the tree and shopping and taking pictures. Look, I'm in front of Tiffany's for God's sake, not my picture. I'm trying to walk by here and they're walking backwards on the sidewalk at you. I'll get out of the way. Hey, stockbroker Dave's on the line. He is actually his new name is Vasectomy Dave because he's hopefully going to get his ballies chopped on our show in a couple of weeks, I believe. Vasectomy Dave, what's up? What's up, boy? Hey, how's everything? Good. Have a good one. A guy comes up to me today and says he's got some inside info. He says Bob Hope does not see Thanksgiving. So I'm like, get out of here. I said Joe DiMaggio is gone before him. So we got a wager, a thousand bucks. Who dies first, Bob Hope or Joe DiMaggio? Oh man, I think Bob Hope's going to be around for a while. I don't think Joe DiMaggio sees Christmas. No, I don't think so either because they're starting to say it in the paper. No, he's feeling good lately. His prognosis is great. Usually when they say that, he's dead within 24 hours. He will not see Christmas. Dave, you're betting a thousand bucks on celebrities death. What volume a little low today on the floor? Very slow the last two days, Anthony. Anthony, very slow the last two days. You're betting on celebrity death. Meanwhile, I get somebody on the floor sends me 50 cases of mixed vegetables from my testicles. Yeah. Are you going to do that on our show or what? November 20th. You're definitely going to get your... I'm taking one for the team, dude. Awesome. He's going to get a vasectomy live on our show. Ten days, dude. Ten days. Ten days and counting before you're on the show live getting your thingy snipped. So that's why I got to get this Hummer Tuesday in. Yeah, you better take care of it today. I'm going to be on the shelf for a while. All right, Dave. All right, boys. Be well. You got it. I'll speak to you next week. Take it easy. Bye bye. The Rock of New York 1027 WNAW 2 for Tuesday with Led Zeppelin, The Cronge, The Cronge from Houses of the Holy and Rock and Roll from Zozo. It's Opien Anthony. We got another NW World Premiere broadcast tonight. The new release from U2, the best of 1980 through 1990. That's happening at 10 o'clock tonight. Going to play and S load of stuff from the desk and talk to the band. It's going to be very, very cool. Yeah. So keep listening to any W. All right. All right. Well, we got to explain our brand new concept. We got a ton of new listeners checking us out for the first time because they had to work until five o'clock. We have started the Tuesday Night Hummer Club, Anthony, the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. This stems from our conversations we're having with you guys yesterday where we came away from yesterday's show, thinking a lot of people aren't happy with what's going on at home. Yeah, we found out that they've been married or in relationships for many years. They fall into a rut where sex goes to the goes to the side. You just don't get it anymore. And it's hard to break the ice again. You can't walk up to your significant other and, you know, hey, baby, how about a lot? Yeah, you know, because you're embarrassed and you don't want to, you know, get away from me, a pervert or I'm not in the mood or something. Speaking for most guys, I must say I enjoy a good one. Everyone's a lot. Well, who doesn't? And God's sake. And all we're saying is if we bring this up on the air and leave it out there in the open, you're going to be home later. Your wife or girlfriend is going to be there or your boyfriend. I don't care who you go out with it. This could work many different ways, I guess. Who cares? But also, you're going to kind of start laughing and going, oh, you hear what those wacky bastards did today on any W. Yeah. Next thing you know, I think your chances of getting something are greatly increased, Anthony. Everyone will be a lot happier, we think. That's why we are just saying that on every Tuesday, from today on, every Tuesday, every Tuesday, when the guy gets home. You're together. Give the poor guy a little something. A little. Oh, take his and give him a. Because I'm sure there'll be some reciprocal acts that go on after that. Well, we are getting. It's all up to the it's pretty much we know how this works. It's usually the ladies choice. It really is. You ladies have complete control in most cases. It's always all these time constraints and this and that. I'm not. Let's just set it aside. Here it is. Here's your opportunity, your window of opportunity we're giving you Tuesday, Tuesday. That's it. You have a bowling league. You go play darts every Thursday. Well, Tuesday is the Tuesday night. Hammer Club. You want to be a member, you just take care of the deep. Now, Michelle from New York brings up a great point here. Dear Opie Anthony, I would like to join the Hummer Club, but I have one question. What about our needs? What do we get? Please answer on the air. Well, we're hoping the guys will reciprocate and do whatever makes you happy. Yes, this gets the ball rolling. This gets the ball rolling. We have to start somewhere. Right. And we could go the other way and say, OK, now, guys, go home and satisfy your woman in that fashion, but that doesn't guarantee that the guy's going to get his right. And we all love the. So that's why we're starting here. Starting the ladies, please, on Tuesday, give you guys the. And we just did the math really quickly here. Members are joining our club every five minutes. Oh, this is great. Since since three fifty today, the membership is going up every five minutes. Isn't that great? So here's one from Johnny B. Johnny B. writes, boys, I was just made an official member while driving home with my girlfriend, thank God for tinted windows. And this guy, Mike, this is hysterical because earlier we called some guys wife to help him out and talk her into doing it tonight. And she's she agreed. Mike writes, please, for the love of God, call my wife, call her now at work. Here's the number. Call, please call. Her name is Jody, please. I thank you. See, now there's a guy who would just be so happy if he got home. And she was waiting there with open arms. Well, it doesn't have other things. We don't want to put the pressure on. It doesn't happen. I have to happen soon as the guy gets home. Maybe just sometime tonight. Maybe when he least expects it, it actually would be even more fun. But it just gives you the opportunity to discuss it. And you guys get complete freedom. You don't want you don't feel like doing it. That's fine. But our membership will grow. And we are looking for the official oath. Yeah. Anthony and I being the grand poobas of this lovely club. But do we get some wacky hats like the head of the Flintstones? Yeah, really? Like the lodge hat, the water buffalo, water buffalo. Yeah. I don't know whether you like wear a big penis hat. I don't know. And do we have like a special handshake? Maybe because when we're out and about, we could see if you're official member not just by the handshake. Where are those? Where's that lawyer thing? The lawyers in effect. Yeah. Additional comments. Here's the author membership for the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Well, as according to them, we haven't made these officially yet. Yeah. I state your name hereby swear to uphold, preserve and protect the constitution of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. This oath will entail faithful adherence to the following hummers every Tuesday without fail. This is not a one night splurge or splooge. Members will reciprocate. This is not one sided. Members may not drive minivans unless, of course, a hummer is given in a minivan, in which case the members may continue to use the vehicle. That sounds great to anyone driving a minivan. Yes. All right. Well, this lady has sent in some rules. This is really good. And she's already emailing it to everyone. It's becoming junk mail on the Internet, which is good. We need the help here. Yeah. So we can grow the show. Want etiquette rules for men? Number one, first and foremost, we are not obligated to do it. Number two. So if you get one, be grateful. Number three, I don't care what they did in the poor video you saw. It is not standard practice to want on my own. I got you. OK. Number four. No, I don't have to. Number five, my ears are not handled. Number six, do not push on the top of my head. I can't even read that one on the outside. Oh, come on. I got to say it. Number seven. This is what etiquette rules for men. I don't care how relaxed you get. It is never OK to fight. Please. Is that even necessary to say? Well, you said you want to hear it. Having my period does not mean that it's want while weak. Get it through your head. I'm bloated and I feel like S. So no, I don't feel particularly obligated to want while just because you won't have sex. This is starting to sound like why you don't get anything. Number nine, blue balls might have worked on high school girls. If you're that desperate, go want yourself and leave me alone with my mind off. Can't read that one. You can't. All right. Number eleven, leave me in bed while you go play video games immediately afterwards is highly inadvisable if you would like my behavior to be repeated in the future. Yeah, you got it. It's like a golf swing. You need a good follow through, guys. Oh, number twelve. This is what etiquette rules for men. If you like how we do it, it's probably best not to speculate about the origins of our talent. Just enjoy the moment and be happy that we're good at it. I can't read that one. No, I will not do it while you watch TV. I guess. That's kind of lame anyway. You should be watching TV. Number fifteen, interesting when you hear your friends complain about how they don't get want, want often enough, keep your mouth shut. It is inappropriate to either sympathize or brag. OK, TV thing is good, though, because I know there have been times, you know, you're in the throes of it and I've glanced at the TV and it can ruin the moment when you see, you know, this is young Maria. Her village is starving. You're like, oh, all of a sudden, where is it? All of a sudden, you're like. Out of steam. All right. Another fact coming in here really fast. Hey, guys, me and my girl are just finished joining your club. We work together and we were just in the boss's office. The mice will play while the cats away. Want, want it. Wow. It does. Oh, by the way, does it matter if we're both girls? Debbie and Donna have joined the club. Welcome, girls, official members of the A.W. Rock on a walk for a while. OK, good. I don't even know what to say about that. So I think we're on our way. All right. I believe we need some ladies to call. To take the official oath for the Tuesday Night Hummer Club, Anthony. Yes, dice. Andrew Dice Clay will be delivering the oath. The oath. One oh two seven W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York, two for Tuesday. David Bowie, rebel rebel. Did you see the version that Iggy Pop and Lenny Kravitz did on the VH1 Fashion Awards? Pretty good. Unfreaking believable. The show is actually a complete bore because they decided this year not to allow nipples to show through the clothing like they've done in past years during the fashion awards. But Iggy Pop and Lenny Kravitz came on stage and did that song. Unbelievable. They should release that thing. It was it was great. Good job. It truly was. It's open, Anthony. We are discussing our our new concept today on the show, the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Members are being inducted, inducted pretty much every five minutes now at this point. Yeah, we realized yesterday a lot of people are miserable in their relationships and married kids and for some reason, six gets put on the back burner. We're just trying to bring it to the forefront again. Every Tuesday. How about a hummer? Yeah. How about it? It's easy. And guys, we're encouraging you to reciprocate in whatever way the the lady likes. But we have to get the whatever all into. Yes. So we're just saying on Tuesday, anytime Tuesday. How about the lady gives the guy a oh, oh, oh. Yeah. And I know there's a lot of guys there on their way home now going, oh, my God, my girl doesn't even listen to any W. Well, you know what you got to do. Make sure she's listening at the worst next Tuesday and we'll break the ice to her. And then you can go, hey, you know, we listen on the radio today, boy. You're here with those idiots are doing. Yeah, that whole, you know, hummer thing. It's pretty stupid, right? Yeah, just play it down. Yeah. Next thing you know, it's going to happen. I'm telling you that's stupid. Yeah. Well, I guess it's time to give the official oath to the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Yeah. And we honestly don't want to do this. Usually we we we despise your mother's eyes when the man is on our show. But shut your mouth and let me do this. We figured you're finally you're finally done something on the radio show. That's kind of funny and it's kind of good. And it's kind of helpful to the guys out there that might not be, you know, sexually satisfied. Well, well, we were sick of waiting for you to come up with something funny for our show. I don't get paid to come up with funny stuff for your show. Well, why do you sit in the lobby, you know, patiently waiting for us to come in? I got people that's 90 here and there. I'm listening. I kind of appreciate what you do. A-holes is doing for the guys out there because it's hard to just say, hey, honey, how about you draw me one because you get, oh, my jaw hurts. Oh, you hurt me today. Come here, honey. You know, it's hard. The guy can't ask for this. Yeah, it's just got to happen. All right. So I'd be willing to come in here and give the girls the the out of office or out of all of this as it were. And now that I know, can you describe a way the ladies could approach their men tonight with their mouth open? What are you talking about approach? Why do you want them to approach from the rear? What's wrong with you? Approach from the front with your mouth open on the. I was thinking more like, you know, the the the cute cuddly look. He's talking about his ass. All right. He's talking about it. All right. Shut up. What's wrong with you? Turn my mic. No, you're not bad. No, not true. My God. Look how silly you look over there without a microphone. Without a microphone, I'm better than you two. Look how silly you look. Look at you. Yeah, look, you need me to turn on your microphone, don't you? He talked to the broad. Yeah, look at you. You're pathetic when the mic's not on. Look at you. Don't get me going. Don't get you going. Look at you. Look pathetic. If I got to come over to that side of the board and why are you getting ass with me? And why aren't you actually smoking the cigarettes anymore? Why? Why do you just have it in your hand? Because I got a love for cigarettes. I just don't got a love for games. Oh, so this is your this is your way of looking cool or something? At least I got away looking cool. Yeah. Yeah. My God. Turn it up. All right. There it is. How dare you try to silence one of the comic geniuses of our time, Andrew Dice Clay. Now put the broads on. I want to dump them into the good thing. All right. Here's the deal. We got like five ladies on hold and and and you could talk to them. OK, guys. Put the horse on. All right, ladies, you guys ready to take the oath? Yeah. Yeah, let's go. And every single one of you are going to become a member tonight. Absolutely. OK. All right. Here's Andrew Dice Clay, everyone. Hey, ladies, how you doing, honey? Hey, Andrew. Hey, you're so hot. After you. He's all ready to throw your husbands a good one. Oh, yeah. So whatever. Forget about it. All right. Repeat after me. I state your name. I name. Yeah, it is a bunch of smartasses. I'll do solemnly swear to solemnly swear that on each Tuesday evening, that on each Tuesday evening, I will with all my ability, I will with all my ability. Yeah. Can you get it together, sweethearts? This ain't a quilting beer, right? Faithfully execute upon my significant other. Faithfully execute upon my significant other. The act of the act of honing the knob, buffing the captain's helmet. What? Yeah, his helmet. Licking the purple blow pop. Oh. Oh. Come on, girls, get it together, eh? We're licking the purple blow pop. Kissing the trouser schnauzer. Kissing the trouser schnauzer. Inflating the pink balloon. Inflating the pink balloon. Diddled the giggle stick. Diddled the giggle stick. Tasting the salty pickle. I don't know about that. Just say it, honey. They're tasting the salty pickle. And fishing for the one-eyed trouser trout. And fishing for the one-eyed trouser trout. Yeah, I hereby induct you into the... What? Tuesday evening packer club, whatever. Hey, good idea, fellas. I like this one. Bring on the chicks. First good idea you had in five months. Yeah, but see, my husband won't need a towel. All right, ladies. Go on and conquer, OK? All right, thanks. All right, bye. And there they go. Where did you get these girls, huh? Hey, easy. They're our listeners. I don't care. They don't even know how to talk right. I'm trying to tell them to yell at the wolf, and they can't even talk. Maybe it'd be better with something in their mouths. All right, do you want to do Brady Bunch trivia still, Anthony? We said we were going to do it yesterday. Yeah, we got some good prizes for you. Yeah, what do we got? Yeah, what do we got? I think we have like the Larismith Live CD and stuff. We'll throw in like a little CD package. Yeah, we'll throw something together. Throw something together. Basically, Anthony is the king of trivia. Well, I was saying yesterday how I hate shows like ER and stuff because they're depressing, and I just instantly punch out over to Nickelodeon. And for years I've done that, and I watched pretty stupid shows, and I know everything. I suck all the stuff up. You know pretty much everything about the Brady Bunch? Yeah, the Brady Bunch is one of the shows that just like useless information that's stuck in my head. So I also know you're the king of Star Trek trivia too, the originals. Yeah, none of that next generation crap, just the original Star Trek runs. All right, basically what we're going to do, call up right now at 212-757-1027 if you got a Brady Bunch trivia question. Yeah, we're going to put everyone on live, so there's no games being played here. And the first person to stump Anthony will win this lovely CD prize package, OK? Could be the first person. Could be the first person, and then you look like a big egg hole. Well, sometimes they come up with some ridiculous questions too, you know? Yeah. What type tires were on the Brady car? Don't even stick me with those. Yeah, don't go there. Keep it interesting, OK? All right. All right, we'll do that next. 1027WNEW, the rock of New York, Lenny Kravitz, always on the run from Mama Said and his latest Fly Away before that. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey, man. We'll be talking about the Tuesday Night Hummer Club a little more, because there's a bunch of people that have been inducted as our show continues to roll along here. But right now, we want to play Brady Bunch trivia. All right. Because Anthony amazes a lot of people around here with his memory of the Brady Bunch. And I just want to see how far you can go before someone stumps you with a question. Ridiculous knowledge I have. Yes. All right. And we do have a prize package, right, Rick? What do we got? Some CDs and a t-shirt. OK, that's good enough. We'll put something really cool together for you guys. So the first person to stump Anthony will win the prize package. All right. Let's go to the phones. If you've got some trivia, give us a call. 212-757-1027. Hi, who's this? This is Brian. All right, Brian, what's your Brady Bunch trivia question for Anthony? What junior high school did they go to? Fillmore Junior High. F-F-F-I-L-L-L-L-O-O-O-O-R-E. Fillmore Junior High. There you go. Hi, who's this? Is this freaking Opie and Anthony? Yeah. Oh, I love you guys. Thanks, man. All right. What street do they live on? The Bradys. Come on, dude. Clinton, Clinton. Holy crap. Yeah. I remember it was like Bill Clinton. Sure. Bill Clinton. Clinton Street. I-A-W. Yeah, hi. Hi, what's your trivia question? What was the name of the guy that Marcia had a date with when she broke her nose? Big man or a big man? I don't even know his name. Oh, yeah. Doug Simpson. Big man on campus. You got it. Thanks for letting in. Wow, you're up to three already. Three? Yeah, that's not bad. Hi, I-A-W. I-A-W. Hi there. Hi. What's your trivia question? Question is this. On the driving test between Greg and Marcia, how did it end? And what was the final test that had to be done? That's easy. Yeah, they did the a little obstacle course with the cones in the parking lot. And the first one to break the egg off the cone lost. Yeah, but let's say they both made it to the end. What was the final test? If they both made it to the end? Yeah. Which they both did. They both made it to the end of the test without breaking the egg. They did it again, and then the- Uh-huh, no, that's not what happened. The egg broke because Greg choked. Now they had to come closest to the cone without knocking the cone over. So they said the egg on the cone. Stop it. What was I just saying? No, that's not what you said. Oh. Dave said the first one to break the egg, and the egg was on top of the cone. The egg was on the cone. All right. Knock. Greg choked, hit the gas. Oh, please. We're going to give that one to you after four. Hi, NAW. Hi, how you doing? All right, what's your name? Hey, my name's Peter. All right, Peter. Peter Brady. This is kind of an oddball trivia question because it's not like a who did what when. But Anthony, ready for this? All right. Did we as viewers ever get to see what the original Mrs. Brady looked like, the boy's mother? Yeah, in like the first episode, it was a picture, though. You are right. Yeah. Yeah. Anthony's up to five. I think she was even hotter than Carol. She was a smoker. Yeah. All right, man. Thank you. Bye bye. Hi, NAW. Yeah, hey, there was an episode where Jan made up a fake boyfriend. What was his name? Oh, that would be George Glass. Yeah. Very good. That's good. Thanks, guys. All right. I would have got that one. Hi, NAW. Hi, it's me still. Hi, me still. What's your trivia question? We got you live in the air. OK, my question is, when the kids got really mad at Alice, and she sort of was forced to leave the Brady household, and she didn't do anything wrong, she didn't really mean to do anything, there was a maid who came in, who substituted for Alice. What was the maid's name? That is a toughie. Uh-oh. Let's see. I know way too much about the Brady's, too. That's pretty good. That's a good one. She might win the prize packet, don't think. Let's see. The maid that took over for Alice. On the spot. She was mean. Yeah, she was. She got him up in the morning to do like calisthenics and stuff. No, that was Alice's cousin. Oh, the other one. Oh, OK. The other one. She was just kind of a load. She really didn't do much. Oh, that's right. I can't remember her name, though. You win. I do. Her name was Kay. Kay. And she said, that was Alice. I'm Kay. Yeah. Bitch. All right. All right, well, you win. Thank you. That's good. Anthony made it to seven. What's your name? My name is Thea. Hi. Are you going to be a member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club tonight? Oh, sure. She doesn't even know what it is. Keep listening. We'll explain it one more time. All right. All right. Thanks for listening. All right, thank you. Hold on the line. Oh, that wasn't bad, though. You made it to seven. Yeah, but I kind of feel like Cindy when she choked on that show, that kids show. That was a tough one, though. We could give it another round in a little while. All right, we still have Thea on the line, because Rick just told us that she has a very unusual last name. Well, she does. She was the one that just won the Brady Bunch trivia thing we just did. Yeah. Thea. Yes. All right, what's your last name? My last name is Orifite. What is it? Orifite. Orifite. Orifite. How do you spell it? O-R-E. F as in Frank. I-C-E. That's Orifite. Your last name is Orifite. Orifite. Thea Orifite. You guys are cracking me up. Come on. What do you call it? I can't. What? What do you call your last name? We say it in Orifite. Yeah, I don't care what language you're saying. It is Orifite. Yeah, I know. Like they ever pronounced it like that during attendance in school. It was always, The Orifite. Orifite. Is the Orifite here? Oh my God. All right, we had to go back to you real fast. Thank you. Okay. You've taken enough abuse, I'm sure, over the years. I owe my whole life. We'll let you go. Well, she stumped me. Obviously, she was in watching the Brady Bunch because she couldn't go out of the house with a name like that. Bye. Bye. That's too much. Godzilla. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York, 2 for Tuesday, Blue Oyster Cult, Godzilla. Every time I hear that song, I think of the Laser Light Show in Huntington when I was growing up. Oh yeah. They played that song during their Laser Light Show. They played Bye Bye Love by The Cars, Crazy On You by Heart, Cashmere by Zeppelin, Laser Show. You have to sneak your booze and drugs in. Sit there with your friends. Yeah, this is cool. Whoa, look at them. They're making a horse run. Wow. Whoa, looks like a Spirograph. Great. Yeah, wonderful. Do you think we could drink this pint of Jack and be sober before our parents pick us up? Yeah, you get the Visine? I think we can pull it off. Let's go for it. Yeah, sure. I mean, parents come to pick you up. What do you say? Oh, okay. Here they come in. Be cool. Be cool. Yeah, that's going to take away from all the pot and booze and everything else. Just going, be cool. Oh, yeah. I was just puking a minute ago and staggering. I couldn't even stand up. I can't talk. But thank God you said, be cool. And Billy's still in the theater passed out. We don't know how to tell you that he's not coming home with us. Yeah. But here comes your dad. All right. Hi, N.A.W. Hello. Hi. Yeah. Got you live in the air. All right. So what happened? Well, I walked in the door. Be careful, okay? Okay. I walked in the door. My wife has been sick for the last four days. Yeah. She's been, you know, I mean, stuffy nose, full of snot, etc., etc. Anyways, after she took it all. Okay. All right. We get the message. Well, you are a proud member now. Yeah. So I want to be a proud member. Well, you are. Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Yes. Yes. Okay. Thanks for being here. All right. Okay. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Cute story. Cute story. Right. The snot and everything. Yeah. We put you live on the air. You're going to talk about the deed. You know, the words that are going to get you in trouble. Just go, you know, she want my arm. Yeah. We all know what you're talking about. We can figure it out. We don't have to completely spell it out for everyone. Just give us the setup. It's working very well. Yes, it is. How is it going nuts? Smiles all around the city. All right. The Rock of New York. You have one message. You have one message. Just letting you know that you'll become a member tonight yourself. So don't worry, you know, just in case you're wondering if you're going to become a member of the club. You know, it's going to be fun. the club. He will definitely earn your wings tonight. Bye. Mom, is that you? Save the fact. 1027 WNAW The Rock in New York 2 for Tuesday with Pink Floyd. Facts are spilling out like crazy. This is from Richie in Hoboken. I've been inducted. My girl called me while the band was inducting the inductees. She pledged along with the other girls to me over the phone. Tuesday night, here I come. Very good. A happy customer. Congratulations to Richie. All right. Man, we're doing something cool with Bruce Springsteen. Every time we play Bruce Springsteen on the radio, we're giving away tracks, Bruce's new box set, to the 20th caller at 212-757-1027. We're doing that now through Friday at 6 p.m. All right. If you don't want to wait around to win it, it is on sale now at all record stores, the box set. Yes, it is. We got our copy yesterday and I tracked through it. It was quite enjoyable, to say the least. All right. Very happy for you. 1027 WNAW The Rock in New York 2 for Tuesday with Nirvana. Off Nevermind Lithium and Smells Like Teen Spirit before that. Sophie and Anthony, closing up shop for another day. Actually, we've got to do one more thing before we get out of here. Yes. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. We've got to get out of here. All right. Congratulations, Ray. But I think we need to try to take care of someone before we leave here, Anthony. This is getting like a public service show, isn't it, Al? Yes, it is. We're like a Hummer welfare. The poor guys that aren't getting the Hummers are coming to us and saying, please help me. Yes. You know, so we start this Tuesday Hummer Club and people are coming out of the woodwork. And we're doing this every Tuesday. This isn't a one-shot deal. You know, but as soon as you get initiated once, that's good enough. We can't ask for miracles here. Guys, yeah, please. But if you become a member, please get a hold of us tomorrow, whether through the fax line or the email overnight or whatever. We've got to come up with a patch or a lapel pin or something so you can walk down the street and proudly display the fact that you have been inducted. And someone please design the Grand Poo Bar hats for Anthony and I. We want to fax in some designs. Yeah, you can fax in the designs. We know we have some artists out there that could probably come up with some good designs. Yeah, we'll get them made up and next time we do a public appearance, we'll wear our Grand Poo Bar hats, okay? Or how about like your car? You know how fighter planes used to draw like the old Japanese planes when you used to shoot them down? You could put like a splooge stain on your door or your car for each one you get. But no one will know the difference. That's true. Driving in New York, you get that crap on your car anyway. All right, Opie and Anthony, please help. I would love to join your Tuesday night Hummer Club, but my wife Sue doesn't listen to your show. Can you call her at home and tell her of the wonderful program you're trying to start? Here's her number. If you could pull this off, I will become a fan forever. Thanks, John. How could we deny this guy? That's worth it. I'm calling up Sue for John here. Let's, I guess we'll have to talk her through it. We have to. All right. Hello? Hi, is Sue there? Yeah, who is this? Opie and Anthony. Hold on one second. All right. John? Yes? We'll take care of you. All right. All right. Hold on a minute. Hello? Hi Sue. Hello. It's Opie and Anthony from WNW Radio. Hi. How are you? We got you live in the air. Is that okay? Yeah. I guess. Well, your husband John asked us to give you a little ring. Oh, okay. We really don't know how to tell you this, but we'll try tactfully, okay? Okay. Anthony, why don't you tell us? Well, we've come up with a little concept, little idea on Tuesdays. I think it's something that'll make a lot of people happy. That's a good thing, right? Right. And I think the stress of a hard day's work kind of builds up. How long have you guys been married? Seven years. Yeah, seven years. You know, you start getting into a couple of ruts in life, right? Right. A couple of things that get put on backburners for other things, right? Exactly. And maybe, let's just say, some intimacy suffers. Mm-hmm. You know, you're not maybe as intimate as you used to be. Right. Well, we've come up with a concept here. It's called the Tuesday Night Homer Club. The Tuesday Night Homer Club. The Tuesday Night Homer Club, yes. Oh. And we're encouraging the ladies to, you know, take the guys, wah, wah, and, you know, wah, wah. Uh-huh. On Tuesday nights. And if you would do this deed for him, he would be an official member of our lovely little club. It's hard for a guy to just come out and ask for this. And we understand that. So we're breaking the ice here. And he would really enjoy, you know, like the old days, one of those good old-fashioned aw-aw. You know? Oh, no. So what do you say, Sue? What do you say? Can you induct him? Look at the guy. You can probably look at him. Look at him. Look how pathetic he looks over there. He's probably staring at you. He looks like a deer with, you know, he's caught in headlights over there. Some simple pleasures in life that don't even cost anything. Oh. And that's one of them. And he would really, really enjoy that. Oh, okay. So we figured we would ask you for him. Will you give him a hummer tonight? Um, I guess. Yeah, sure. Come on. All right. Come on. That's what we want to hear. That's great. Oh, please. Bless your heart. I know John would appreciate it. And I guarantee he's going to be a real good guy for the next few days at the worst. Oh, okay. And if you promise to give him a hummer, we will give you a prize. Oh, okay. So you will give it to him? Yeah. You will? Of course. All right. You're great. Look at that. Can we talk to John really fast? Sure. And hold on because we're going to give you a prize too. Oh, okay. All right. Hello? John? Yeah. You're in. All right. You're in, man. I didn't think you guys were going to call because she was just getting ready to go down and lay down and get some sleep because she works tonight. Well, now she's got to go down somewhere else. All right. Tell us how it is tomorrow. I will. We're all patiently waiting. Okay. I'll talk to you again. You always, pal. Okay. Thank you very much. All right. All right, man. Okay. Bye. Bye. Now that was easy. Oh, damn it. If we have to do it one at a time like that. We'll do it. If we have to do it one at a time for you guys, we will. You just got to promise that you have to listen to us forever. Forever. If we do this favor for you. You know, another station out there might get you concert tickets. They might play your song request. Hey, that's kind of cool. You get a little dedication to your girlfriend. How cute. That's really kind of neat. Yeah. Maybe even the chance to win $10,000 at some big giveaway. Which, by the way, no one wins. Of course not. Okay. Who's getting you hummers? Right. People. People. Who's getting you hummers? It's the Opium Anthony Show, getting you hummers. This is Pimp Radio. Pimp Radio. I am Stix Franklin and it's Pimp Radio. All right. Wow. Look at the time. Yeah, we got to go. The phone's ringing like crazy. New member's being inducted by the second at this point. See the power of the show. Some people know how to use it. Yes. Some people use it for good, not evil. Yes. Like John just did. He called up. We phoned his wife. He's in Hummer heaven. Yes. There you go. Right about now, something very good is happening at John's house. Great. Do we have his number? We should call him back. Shut up. Where is the number? That would be funny as hell because I know they're probably in the middle of it right now. Hello? All right. We got to go in. All right. John, can I come to the floor? All right. Thanks for listening. We appreciate it. Good luck with joining the club tonight.