 Daddy, touch my dirty place. This is what we do everyday, we just get teenage girls naked. What are we gonna do next though, we go to school yards and sell ecstasy? 1027, Love you, and look, it's N-E-W backwards, I think. 212-757-1027 is our phone number. We have Jim Norton in studio. And Louis Black, of course. Oh yeah. Yes. And during commercials, Anthony was laughing his ballies off. I guess Jim's got a personal on FoundryMusic.com. Yes, he put a personal ad in the classified section of FoundryMusic.com. And do you expect to get many prospects? Yeah. Yeah. I feel like I'll get a few responses on it. It's genuine. It's nice. It's, of course, Jim Norton. And you can contact him by email here if this fits you, if this is you. This is the lady in his life that he's looking for. I'm looking for a young lady over the age of 18 who's P-U-S, doesn't smell like an open grave. I enjoy long walks in the park, moonlit nights, and smuggling child pornography in a duffel bag. I'm looking for a long-term relationship or possibly someone to just rape in an alley. I appreciate intelligence and man-in-the-vote circumcision is a plus. Looks are not important, but if you're fat and reply, I'll hunt you down and kill you with a hammer. I'm down to earth, sincere, and I've been told that my seaskin has the consistency of a mealworm. Please enclose a brief note in a picture along with a list of any fluids that have leaked out of your V in the last six months. Look forward to hearing from you all. And that's from Norton. Turn it off. Turn it off. Turn it off. Well, there you go. You've got to start somewhere. Yeah, I figure being honest is important. I think a lot of people have found the women of their dreams on these classifieds. Norton, you're funny, man. Thanks. Where did you post that? Foundingmusic.com. Right. It's an official website. That website only gets 20,000 hits a day, Louis. Okay. You know what? I race to the ... You know what I do? Whenever I can get my hands on a computer, I like to plug in and try to find something. Anything. I'm just saying it's not like a lot of people are going to read his little personal. Not a lot. It's a billion people just heard now. Yeah, exactly. And we'll probably get 2,000 responses. That's what's psychotic. I think you will. Ladies, no. You've got to let them know where you stand. Right. At least they won't be ... Nice. All right, Anthony, a lot of people are freaking out about the Team Voyer bus. Let's get some info out there, okay? Right. Let's start with Ben. Ben, do we have the official route? The official route is we will head down Broadway. Yes, Broadway. Now, there you go. Down through Times Square, then through the Flatiron District, through the village Soho, Tribeca, making the way to City Hall and Wall Street. So we're just taking Broadway all the way downtown. You just need to know one road. Broadway. Okay. And when is the bus taking off? We're looking at about 15 minutes from right now. 15 minutes. Very good. We're waiting for one more girl to walk into the building, and then we're going to round them up and drag them out. Is the Voyer bus here yet? The Voyer bus is being pulled onto, I think it's 57th Street. 57th Street? Right. Nice. We want a little crowd to form at the starting point for the Voyer bus. So if it is 57th, it'll be right outside the Brooklyn Diner. We should announce the girls one by one as they're going onto the Voyer bus, Ann. Of course. Give their stats, their name, their age. You know, it's funny. Their measurements. Again, I'm going to revert to the movie Hardcore. Remember at the beginning of the movie when all the fathers were there with their daughters sending them on that bus that went out to the religious retreat? It's going to look just like that. Only they're all not coming back. The scary porters. They all have Catholic skirts on. Yeah, schoolgirl outfits. Catholic schoolgirl outfits on. There you go. Someone wants to try to confirm that sign on the Verrazano Bridge. Let's see. I think someone's pulling our leg, but what the hell? Alvin, what's up? Hey guys, it is true. Right now he's talking to two cops. I don't know if he's getting in trouble or they're just telling him to leave. But it is true. He does have a big sign out there and he's a real fat guy. And what does the sign say? It says, hold on. It says, Opey Anthony 102.7 equals nude teen. Nude teen. Hey guys, when is our The Going Away party? December 15th, right? Yeah. December 15th for the liner. You know he's lying. That's right. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. He's lying. But you just punch in teens non-nude. Non-nude. I punch in couches and I get like, you know, football players' websites. Not a couch, but teens non-nudes. Bump! There's a picture. It's unbelievable. Yeah. Well, yeah. Well, you put in couch and you'll probably get nude teens. You know how that works? Wait a minute. There was an N in the word I put in the search engine and all nude comes up. That's unbelievable. The White House.com a porn site or something like that? White House.com is a porn site because it's White House.org for the actual White House. And I guess that's for orgasm during the Clinton administration. It's .org. So if you put in White House.com, it is indeed a porno site. Oh, by the way, we do have Lewis Black in the studio. Rick found the tape of you guys yesterday. Yeah, yesterday. Rick, where do I go with this? Me, Jeffrey Ross and Adam Ferrara hanging out while you were sick, Opie. And of course, we brought up Lewis and we started doing our best homage to Lewis Black. Man, that's scary. And if Rick could hear me, I don't know if he even can. He's in another room right now. He keeps going back and checking out the ladies. Just start the tape. He's going back to, well, you're going to have to give me your names. I'm just going to be here tomorrow. Lewis Black. I'll figure this. Go figure that one out. He just so happens to want coming in a trench coat. Unbelievable. I don't know which one to which. Oh, me, Anthony. Do I have to drive the bus? Can I ride on the bus? Where's the bus? She's not 18. She's not 18. It's a mockery. You ruined this. The election isn't over and there's new teens. He's going to keep going until every Jew in Florida is dead. Then we're going to have to count Florida. His Jews are in Florida, Habba Viagra and stuff in the ballots. If you can't put a hole in a piece of paper, we're not counting your votes. A Chad. What's a Chad? Enough with the Chad. Chad is a gay hairdresser. It's got nothing to do with politics. Stimples. Stimples. Stimples. Put the dimples. Oh my Lord, shoot me now. The kid has brought it back. The kid has brought it back. I don't know. We ought to just elect a cat. We're appointing a queen. I've had it. I've got to go. Blood's coming out of my ears. I'm going to freak out my eyes. Lewis what? Yes, well he'll be here I guess. I'll be here tomorrow. That was some trim. He's probably at home listening going, they're doing it all wrong. There you go. That's funny. There you go, Lewis. That was yesterday now. Adam, Jeffrey Ross and I'm having fun at your expense. That's funny, man. I wish I was that funny. It's given me some ideas. I can do other things with phlegm. They showed me I could stretch. Those two. That's funny, those two. Ross is a blast. Should we bring in the teenagers? No, Opie. Let's just sit here. What do you mean? Rick, let's bring in some teenagers and see what they're about. The warrior bus is definitely here. They're pulling it around. It's going to be on 57th and pulling it around in front of the Brooklyn Diner. No, they cancel. That's what they do. That's what this whole show is about. It'll be here in 13 minutes. It's going to be here in 8 minutes. It's going to be in front of the Brooklyn Diner in Poughkeepsie. We went down, we went on the bus the other day. We were going down. It took an hour to get in the bus from here. It was like, well we're going to count the steps going down. We're not going to take the elevator. We're going to count all the steps. It's called the cheese. Here they are. Look at the lovely teen girls that are here today. We've got a nice crew, Anthony. And the two girls from the warrior bus. So we've got two, four, six, seven girls today, Rick. Like I said, two more have called and said they're trying to get here as soon as possible. We've got to start the festivities though, man. The boy, how you doing? There's knife girl. Hey, I remember you. How you doing? How you been? Good. First time I've seen you with all your clothes on. How are you? It's very different. Isn't it? It's very different. Isn't that great? So have you taken your top off yet, warrior bus girl? No, I have not. No. You're not going to, are you? I'm here on a different contract. So mine says I don't have to. What kind of contract is that? I'm not going to unless I get in Playboy. Yeah? That's the only way I'm going to get in. Wow. Right. That made sense. Only in Playboy. Only in Playboy. Why would you agree to be on a warrior bus? You're not going to like show some stuff. There's something we don't know. It's like a different... It's a long story. Yeah. All right. The Drew Barrymore girl gets naked. Yeah. I saw all her clips on Foundrymusic.com from the other day. Wonderful. Very nice. You're not shy. You did the shower and everything for us the other day, right? What happened? What happened? Oh, your voice? You lost your voice? Yeah, my voice. Everyone's losing their voices. And then of course, Knife Girl. Yeah. We should have her have a sign that says, I'm Knife Girl. Because people want to know what she looks like and stuff, right? How did that happen to you? You just dated a lot of Puerto Ricans? Two of our teenagers are Puerto Rican, man. Just joking. All right. It's all right. He really wants to know how this whole knife thing came about. I've got to explain this like six times already. But you... Okay. What happened was that it was summer and I had a hashard on and me and my roommate were just messing around in the kitchen like... Hold on. You said the S-word. Throwing S at each other. I'm so sorry. That's okay. That's okay because you can get kind of half naked on the bus but you can't say the S-word. I love this country. Isn't it amazing? It's unbelievable. Such a fine line. I took out the bagel knife. That's that. It started. Dragging the bagel knife over her belly. Just like that. And she realized then that she enjoyed it. Isn't it? Yeah. You ought to put that in your classified. That you're willing to knife girls. Willing to attack with knife and stab in the abdomen. All right. We have our teen girls now. We're going to go down to the bus which is in front of the Brooklyn Diner. And load the girls up. They will take off their clothing and we will drive the voyeur bus around. And they're heading down Broadway all the way downtown. All the way down to Wall Street. Wow. Nice. Align the route. We have a lot of listeners in the Wall Street area. You'll meet some nice men down there. Very nice men. You'll be able to get stocks and cocaine down there. We're going to have signage on the bus that says it's Olson and Anthony. And these are teenagers. I don't think we'll need signs because it is going to be a glass bus with naked girls on it. But we'll put a couple signs on there. And from what Earl's telling me, he's downstairs. He said there's a gathering of sorts going on downstairs. I wouldn't doubt it. Sure. All right. Why don't we take a break and we'll get the girls on the bus next. Nice. We have Jim Norton in studio, Lewis Black in studio, and a bunch of fine looking teenagers ready to get on the voyeur bus, Anthony. Oh, this rules. We'll do that next. The Opie and Anthony Show. It looks very, very glamorous. And you know why? Because it is f***ing glamorous, all right? Hey, it's the Opie and Anthony Show, 212-757-1027. We're just about ready with the teen voyeur bus. We're going to be taking off from 57th Street, right outside the Brooklyn Diner. Matter of fact, my buddy, my pal, should be on the hotline right now. Anthony! There he is. Anthony, outside the building. Yes, actually the voyeur bus is now in front of Carnegie Hall, where it really belongs. And we're waiting to cross 7th. And it's right here. We're seconds away from getting the girls on the bus. Any people out there? People watching, taking pictures now, snapping pictures out of their cars, and looking at the girls. What a day for new teens. We have some lovely girls that will be getting on that bus very soon. And I guess who is waiting outside the elevator? Stalker Pandy. And she's walking out in front of the girls, and I'm thinking, if these people think that this is the caliber of girls that we're putting on the bus, they're going to stone us. Yeah, they're not going to be too happy with that. Yeah, so we, oh, look at the crowd of people eagerly awaiting in front of, oh, here they are. Hey, you guys waiting for the voyeur bus? Oh my God. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All right, we are in front of the voyeur bus. The door is opening. And wow, what a crowd. Nice. Unbelievable. The door is open, I'll be, we have the girls waiting to get on. Black girl here, a big feet, taking it off of the website. Okay. Oh boy, just take the ladies away from these guys. They are loving this. All right, ladies, if I could have the ladies' attention for you, if we could have Melanie, the lovely Melanie, come up front here. Of course, she's 18, wearing the leopard jacket right now. If you would please get away to the crowd and get on the bus. There she goes. Melanie. Now Wendy, of course, we all remember Wendy, the incest girl. And oh, don't yell take it off, it'll happen soon enough. Wendy, a 19, in the little schoolgirl outfit. Nice. Jesse. Yeah, how you doing, Jesse? Oh, she's going to splash the car. She's 19 also. Jackie. Jackie the knife girl. 19 years old, getting on the bus. And Renee, of course, where did... She just bailed. She saw the crowd and ran away. And of course, the boy of us girls, getting on the bus. Oh, they are already... Wait, wait, wait. Can you hear me? Moving the crowd against the window. They're taking their shot, they're showing their care. What a day for new teens. New teens on the boy of us. Oh, he's a victorious old ancient going down now. Nice. Step on the bus for a moment. All right. All right. How you doing, driver? How you doing? Ladies, what do you think of the boy of us? I love it on the bus. They love it. It is indeed often... Let me give you a little tour. The bunk beds, the windows. Hey guys, how you doing? Oh my God, they're already flashing. And of course, this is the lovely couch and the shower. Will any girl want to maybe get in the shower later? It works. Oh, it works. It works. Oh, there's a car pulling up on side and the girls are flashing. You'll get in the shower. Nice girl said she's getting the shower later. Now the car is beeping and the traffic... Hey, give the traffic cop a little stuff. He's trying not to smile as he ushers traffic through. Hopefully the traffic is really getting tied up. Hey, here they are, all in the car. Here the cops. Hey, we're waving to the girls. They love it. Even New York's finest blonde blue teens. Nice. All right, I am now going to get off the bus, make my way back up to the studio. But the bus is going to continue on down Broadway, all the way to Wall Street and then back again. Girls, just lose the cops. Lose the cops. There they go. And now Wendy is taking her pink bra off. There we go. Oh, isn't that wonderful? New teens on the voyeur bus. Wow. All right, ladies, beautiful. Now just stay naked. Rick, new teens at Carnegie Hall. New teens? Why is it Carnegie Hall right now? Oh, Carnegie is rolling over in his grave. Wow, they're showing... Hey, moon the crowd. Let me see. Quite a crowd out there, man. That's good. I think Melanie is a favorite. All right. That's great. Okay, I am going to work my way off the bus, get back upstairs. The crowd is loud. There's a huge crowd down there. Hey, what do you think, guys? All right, awesome. Awesome. Excuse me, please. Excuse me. Thanks, man. Oh, my God. People are loving it. The crowd in front of Carnegie is amazing. That is so cool. It's so hard for me to leave. It's just a bus full of new teens. I know. Unbelievable. What do you think of the bus? Outstanding. Absolutely outstanding. Which teen is your favorite? The knife girl. Yeah, yeah. Jack is the knife girl's favorite. Now, a sticker on it. Wow. Nice. Wow, stickers on the bus. And I guess I'll come back. I'm sorry, Ant, but yeah. It's like dragging a starving man away from a stick. All right. All right, Anthony. They are on the video cameras now also, so the TVs on the side of the bus are lit up with new teens. And they'll be making their way down Broadway. Hey, Ant, can you hear me? Yeah. Did one of the girls run away when you saw the crowd? Oh, yes. A late development Renee, who is 19, ran away when she saw the crowd. But believe me, there are plenty of new teens in the bus. All right. There's got to be like... Various shapes, sizes, and ethnicity. Six girls left on the bus. Wonderful. All right, Anthony, I'm going to check in with Lewis Black. All right. All right, keep your... What's the huddle? Hold on. Don't hang up. Don't hang up. Don't hang up. Make sure he didn't hang up. Let's go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. I'm going to go to Lewis Black. this. All right, Lewis. We'll check in with you in a little bit, all right? You got it. All right, man. There goes Lewis Black helping us out. He's on the Teen Boyer bus today. Anthony. Hope. Yes. Yes, the bus driving away now. Okay. We're making our way back to the studio. All right. The bus, I think, moved about five feet. The crowd around it is amazing. You got to be a lunatic if you don't go out to Broadway and watch this thing come down because you're never going to see something like this again, unless we do it again. They are so nude. What's happening? What's up, big guy? They are so nude. This is going to be better than the... So hot. The people are freaking. This is going to be better than the Macy's Day parade. It is. We want to watch stupid blow up balloons when you can see new teens. You know exactly where we're going. We're heading on Broadway all the way down to Wall Street. So line the parade route. Give us a call from the parade route if you see the bus and tell us what's going on. We need reporters all over the place today, all right? Unbelievable. All right, Anthony. All right, I'll be up in a couple of minutes. Sounds good. There he goes, my buddy, my pal, Anthony. There's a guy outside the Voyager bus that wants to say something real fast. Paul, what's going on? Hey, Paul. Yeah. What's going on, man? I'm running down the bus right now as we speak. You're running along with the bus? Yeah. All right. Awesome, man. These girls are hot. Of course they are. You guys rock, man. All right, man. Thank you, Paul. Everybody scream for the show. I'm on the show, guys. All right, Paul, thank you. Sound prompt. Very cool. Yeah, if you're on Broadway and you see the bus coming, please give the radio show a call today. 212-757-1027. The Voyager teen bus has started its route. It's going to be on Broadway all the way down to Wall Street. So if you're in the Wall Street area, stick around. You've got something to see today, all right? All right, we'll be back. Stay there. All right, Anthony, back in the studio. Opie, screw the Christmas tree lighting. Screw David Blaine. This is the biggest thing to hit the city. Teen Voyager bus. Standing in front of the bus, you can see it. It's a massive bus. It's a huge bus. It's a huge bus. It's a huge bus. It's a huge bus. It's a huge bus. It's a huge bus. It's a huge bus. Standing in front of the bus with the crowd of people, when all the girls took their clothes off, they're standing in front of the huge windows on the side of the Voyager bus, the crowd going wild. It was amazing. I was looking at it going, how can they do this? And then I realized that they I was talking about was Opie and Anthony. I was stunned that this was even going on. Is this S-legal? I doubt it. I can't see how it could be. I can't see how it could be. It's right out in the middle. And some of the crowd, the little murmurs I heard from the crowd were things like, oh my God, this is unbelievable. How is this happening? An old woman passed by and just said, sweet Jesus. Sweet Jesus. Rocks. So we have what? Six girls. One girl got really scared when she saw the crowd and ran away. Yeah. So we have six girls. Are they all nude? Completely nude? Well, you know what? They first started where they took their top off. Then they all took their pants off. So they were in all of them, little thong panties. And what they were doing in those windows, I'd be surprised they get ten blocks before they're completely nude. The one, Melanie, the 18-year-old, she was sticking her ass against the window. Is she from one of our little pajama parties? Yeah. Okay, I know who you're talking about. Wendy, of course, a crowd favorite, pushing her boobs against the windows. The camera's going off like the paparazzi, like Lady Dice last drive before they hit that pillar. Now, Rick is trying to turn the bus around because we want to go Broadway all the way down to Wall Street. Yeah. But I guess the bus was facing in the wrong directions and now they've got to loop around. They are going to, last I heard. Oh, we got Rick on the phone? Yeah, because people are losing their ass going, dude, I'm on 57th and Broadway. Where the hell is the Voyer bus? I'm on 56th and Broadway. Where are they? Let's go to Rick and see how he's getting back to Broadway. Rick, what's going on? Hey, guys, what's going on? Unfortunately, we had to take a flight detour. All right. All because where we ended up in front of Carnegie didn't give us the opportunity to get onto 7th or Broadway and get back to Broadway like the route we were taking. All right. Where are you now? Right now we are making a right-hand turn onto 5th Avenue, coming up 55th Street and getting on Broadway there. All right. So you will hit Broadway. Let's make it really simple. You'll hit Broadway on 55th Street. Excuse me? You'll hit Broadway on 55th Street, right? Broadway and 55th Street. That's where we're going to be joining Broadway. Unfortunately, we had a parade route detour. Okay. But then at that point, you will be on Broadway all the way to Wall Street. So all you have to do is find Broadway if you want to see the teen Voyer bus today, okay? Rick? I'm losing Rick. He's gone. Yeah. All right. I think we cleared it up. All right. He's getting back to Broadway through 55th. So 55th and Broadway. We'll get onto Broadway and Broadway Street all the way down to Wall Street. We're coming down to Wall Street. We haven't been there yet, guys. This is going to be a biggie. People with phones also along the route. Yeah, that's what I was saying while you were getting back up here. When you see them, if you just see it drive by quickly and can't really give us anything, refrain because there's going to be plenty of people that are going to call maybe when we stop at a light and give us the reaction of some of the people on the street. Right. You've got to be our eyes today from the outside of the bus. A lot of stockbrokers had a really bad day on Wall Street. That's why we're coming your way. So get to a bar, have a few wobbly pops and make sure you're near Broadway when the bus gets in the area, okay? We want a big crowd down near Wall Street, okay? I could not believe it. Well, there's a ton of people calling in. Why don't we go to Kevin first of all? Kevin, what's going on? I'm at 37th and Broadway waiting for the bus to make it. I heard about the detour, so I'm standing out here on the corner. I parked my car in front of a hydrant and I'm just waiting for the bus to see what people think of it. Very good, very good. Yeah, Rick should be heading down Broadway very, very soon. All right. I'll just make sure plenty of people look up and be aware of it. Thank you, Kevin. We'll get some response. All right, cool. I appreciate it. No problem. This is going to be greater than the Thanksgiving Day parade. I'm telling you right now. Also remember, when people give the location of the bus, it is coming out of your radio 40 seconds later. 24 seconds later. 24 seconds later. 24 seconds later. We've got the delay down a little bit. All right. So what you're going to have to do is anticipate where it will be. Danny from the NYPD. Oh, Danny. Oh, you're the greatest, man. What's up, man? We just passed Carnegie Hall. Oh, that was you guys in the cruiser? Yeah, that's us. Yeah, so you guys are waving. I just want to thank you for it. All right. Cool, man. Thank you. Guys, keep up the good work. Cool. Ciao. Christmas has come early to Manhattan, hasn't it? Yes, hasn't it? Christmas has come early to Manhattan, hasn't it? Christmas has come early to Manhattan, hasn't it? Christmas has come early to Manhattan, hasn't it? Who else gives you a bus filled with naked teens that you can see from the streets of Manhattan? Well, a lot of people. You've heard stuff on the radio, and it's kind of rough because it's just hearing, especially things like new teens. No, we put them in a bus that is like a fishbowl and drive through the streets of Manhattan, and we tell you where it's going to be. So if you're around there, you have the opportunity to now see these girls. What would you rather hear? Your favorite radio host, make him believe he's leaving radio? Yeah. Or would you rather hear a whole day of naked teens on a voyeur bus? I would say the naked teens. Yes. I just want to know. Not only here, but see. Yeah, this is Teens 3, Teens on Tour. Teens on Tour. Nice. Teens on Tour. Rob, what's going on? Yo, what's up? Hey, man. Yo, I just ran down like 15 flights of stairs to catch the bus. Yeah. Oh my God, was it worth it? That one girl in the black pants, she kept like rolling down the front of her pants and showing a bush. That's Melanie. Oh my God. She's a wild one, and I believe she is the crowd favorite. Oh, she's swimming. That chubby stick is kind of bad, but. Oh, stop. You know, you're going to read it. You're going to read it. Stop it. Yo, you guys are the coolest, yo. We're definitely not playing make the teenagers cry. We give you variety. So far, you put a butt up against that window? Oh my God. I got to hang up. He's going to read it. I know he's going to read it. We got all sorts of shapes and sizes today, Anthony. You know what it is? We got a girl. We got a little of everything. It's variety because there's no one girl that could satisfy everybody, so we got a little bit of everything. Rick's on the line with a very important update with the Teen Boyer bus. Rick, what's going on? Hey, guys, very important update. We have just crossed over 7th Avenue and 55th. We are fastly approaching Broadway, and I do have confirmed reports that, yeah, people are still running alongside the bus. It kind of reminds me of when they show in 1977, I believe, when Reggie hit that third home run, one idiot came out to congratulate him. That's pretty much what it looks like. We've got a bunch of idiots running alongside the bus, patting it like it's their buddy. How could they be idiots if there's new teens on there? I would be running. I knew I had to be back here, and I almost ran after the bus. I wonder how many blocks it's going to take before a lot of these people give up running after the bus. Yeah. Because, I mean, you're not going to be able to run from here all the way down to Wall Street. Marathon runners. Know what I would do? Know what I would do if you really want to be part of this party today? What? You check out the teen bus as it goes by you, jump on a subway and get down to Wall Street. Get down right for where it makes its turnaround. Guys, we are now at the corner of 55th and Broadway. The parade route is now officially back on schedule. Yeah, here we go, down Broadway. And Jim Norton has some observations. All right. You're on the bus also? Hello? Hey, Jim. I can't tell you how turned on I am right now. Is that the best thing? The inside of my pants looks like a Bundy crime scene. I cannot tell you how hot this is. Isn't that great? Yeah, I'm getting motion sick because I don't like to travel. This is what a loser I am. Now, what are some of the reactions to the people outside the bus? Have you ever seen a rapist change a bus? There's 400 of them, because that's what happened. They're just following the bus. And this is 10 times better. And the vehicles come so close to the bus. And the driver is really paying attention to where he's going when he's right next to the Voyer bus. So it's kind of difficult on the traffic. Jim, is there a crowd on Broadway or what? I can't... Yeah, the people that keep stopping at the corner, if they're listening. And the greatest is people who aren't listening. And they just happen to see a bunch of naked girls on the bus. Right. And watching them wave and watching the guy's wife slap them and push them for looking at the naked teenagers. Very good. Of course, because they're fat and out of shape. All right. Hey, Jim, where's the bus right now? Broadway and what? Where are we at right now? They want to know. Broadway and... Broadway and 51st. Broadway and 51st. Broadway and 51st. Yeah, I've got the Star-Dome signer. All right. Thank you, Norton. Talk to you guys later. All right. All right, cool. So it's 51st and Broadway. We are taking the Teen Voyer bus all the way down Broadway to Wall Street. Now, Ben, where's the turnaround point? Because we should have a nice crowd down there. Yeah. It'll be up to the minus several cross streets in the Wall Street area. So we'll see how the crowd is. At the worst, you go right to the end of Manhattan and you'll see the water and then they can turn around and then shoot back up Church, which merges into 6th Avenue and come back uptown. Right. So there's plenty of little streets. We'll figure out how the crowd is. All right. We'll figure it out. But get down near Wall Street and Broadway. That's where we're going to make our turnaround, somewhere in that area. Steve, what's going on? Hey, Steve. What's up? You got to make it fast because there's so many people checking in right now. What do you got? Yeah, the Voyer bus is like Rocky in New York with all the people on after it. How do you get some of that music playing? Rocky, remember that? He was jogging down the street and he had the whole crowd of people chasing him. That's hilarious. Yeah. Very good. All right, guys. Thank you. Thank you. You want to see the Teen Voyer bus just get to Broadway. Right now we're in like the upper 40s in Broadway. Hey, Christian from Trenton checking in saying the Teen Voyer bus, the world's strongest fat burner. Very good. Hey, Ryan, what's up? Hey, how's it going? That'll be entertaining. Hey, what's up? The only word is ponderous. F-ing ponderous. You got to love it. This is probably the greatest moment in radio. I believe so. The bus that's went by on 48th and Broadway and a whole bunch of trucks, you know, all the service men who listen to you guys all day, they all pulled over, they all stopped working. They're out there with their cameras and their cell phones. Nice. Everyone's waiting. Unbelievable. And like the other guy said, the best part is the people who aren't listening have no idea what's going on. They just look up and they're naked teenagers. Yeah. Fact-acular. All right, Ryan, thank you. What is the, is TRL on right now? Yeah. All right, if we could get Rick on the phone, if they could stop in front of TRL. Yeah, let's see if that's possible. See if we can F them up over there. Louis Black. Yeah, I'm on the phone. Louis Black, I'm on the phone. Yeah, let's see if we can F them up over there. Louis Black. Yeah. Hey, what's going on, Louis? It's truly, it's more insane than the other day. Yes. The guys from St. Clair's Hospital put the siren on. Right. Now we're kind of jammed in and there are women running toward us from the other way. Yeah. It's an excited crowd. Of course. It's 10 degrees outside. Yeah, I know. That's what it takes. That's what it's amazing. It's freezing out there. And people are coming out to see the Teen Voyeur bus. No, it's fabulous. Are you guys doing? I'm very happy and it's where I want to live. Are you guys near TRL right now? MTV over there. MTV or? 47th. 47th. We're closing in on it. Can we speak to Rick for a moment? 47th and Broadway. Yeah, hold on. We'll get Rick up on. Hey guys, what's going on? Rick, are you near MTV? We are closing on MTV very quickly. All right, look, you have to stop in front of it for a couple of seconds because TRL is going on. Okay. If you could get by that window and just have the girls flash TRL. Okay. That would be fantastic. I want to see them distracted as I watch on the TV here. We will do that. And by the way, you might want to check Channel 7. We just passed their truck and I think they're doing a live story here as well. Wonderful. All right. Thank you, Rick. We've got to check in. Someone who works for ABC is on the line. Hold on. Oh, real quick though, guys. Yeah. There was almost a major problem with today. There was a problem with the bus. We've got to thank Joseph Forcelli from Academy Bus Tours for helping us getting the bus back on the road for today. Of course. It's very important. It's like a shuttle launch. You the man, you the man, you the man. All right, Rick, thank you. You got it, guys. All right. We'll put you on hold. Let's go to Matt. He says he works for ABC. We'll see. Matt, what's up? Oh, I need the bus to get into the left lane. I work for ABC. We have an internal video system here and we have a camera pointed on our Times Square Studio which is like 44th and Broadway. Yeah. I've got the cameras on it. It's focusing on the street onto Broadway. OK. So I need you guys to get into the left lane. Left lane? Yeah. All right. In front of ABC. In front of TRL. All right. Ben, call Rick and tell him he's got to get in the left lane when he passes by ABC. Everyone within ABC will be able to see it. All right. Thank you, Matt. OK. Bye. You know, we've got to put Walter on the show really fast. Walter? Yeah. Yeah, this is Walt. Walt, let me tell you. I am standing up now. I'm giving you a standing ovation. I feel, you know, I've been trying to get through for like two days. Stan, unbelievable. You are the genius that actually came up with the idea for Teen Voyer Bus just a few days ago. I feel like a terrorist calling in after a bombing, you know? Claiming responsibility. It's like, you know, I didn't think three words. It caused so much commotion. Walt, you are stopping business today in Manhattan. Yeah. Your idea has stopped business and traffic. Yeah, that's great. It is absolutely a madhouse out there right now. It really is. People leaving work, lining the streets now on this bus route. They love nude teens. Hey, Walt, hold on a minute. We're going to have you down to the show for coming up with this great idea today, all right? All right. Hold on, all right? We've got to go back to Rick. He's right outside TRL. Rick, what's going on? Guys, people at the TRL studios are running for the windows to take a look at what we've got here. Everybody down on the street trying to watch TRL is now watching the open-air team. Nice. Stay there as long as you can. Carson Daly has popped a boner. Stay there. I've got to see... First one in his life. You stay there because I want to see a reaction. We are staying right here. We're trying to make sure we don't move. The police are just pulling people away from the bus, so that's actually helping us out because now they want to make sure nobody gets hit by the bus. You guys got to understand, this bus is just getting just pummeled, man. Yeah, there's a lot. Okay, now they are showing TRL. There's the bus right outside the window. And look, everybody's looking out the window. They're looking out the window. We see the top of the bus. I just saw one of the teenagers. I saw their head and part of their... Carson's freaking out. They just moved the camera angle. There you are. There you are. Go outside. Oh, man, it's right behind that guy. I see it. It's right back there. We see the... We see the bus. You can see the top of the bus, like the girl's heads. Carson was losing his mind because everyone's so... Look, all the people are looking out the window now. All right, I just... Who's that? I just saw you guys take off. Who took off? They just took off from outside TRL. Melanie has just said that Carson was staring at her ass. Of course he was. All right, thank you, Rick. All right, here's Jim Norton, by the way. All right. God, the phones are going nuts. Hey, Jim. Not much new to report. I'm still leaking a lot of fluids. Go to Lee Miles. What a mess in front of Broadway. They were all looking at the stupid MPV. Yeah. And then they see a bunch of just nipples, and it was just great. They all turned around and ignored what was going on at MPV. Yeah. And they should have. Nice, nice, nice. I'm really happy. I've never had this much fun in my life. All right, cool. Dude, hold on a minute. We've got to go to someone else, all right? All right, buddy. So many people want to check in. Actually, Psycho Mark is way downtown. He's waiting for the Voyer bus. Psycho Mark. Hey, make sure you speed through the village. We don't want the bags seeing that. Oh, Psycho Mark, you're so inappropriate. Psycho Mark, where are you on the parade route? I'm right down by City Hall, hanging high out a window. City Hall? Dude. What? We're going, okay. We're going right by City Hall, yeah. Give Giuliani a little show. I think I want to stand up a window and spank a batch on the bus. All right, Psycho Mark, you'll be our reporter when it gets close to there, right? Yeah, just I'll give you a call as soon as they get down close towards this neck of the woods. All right, man. Thank you. God damn, that's great. I have the Times Square Earth cam on. Yeah, a lot of people. But I believe they have passed that point already. Yeah, Steve on Line Ted said, I'm seeing this on Earth cam right now, but I think they have passed that point. John, what's going on? Hey, I'm a Blackwood tourist. Just east of the bus at 42nd Street. It's a madhouse. It's like a magnet for cops, tourists. It's going through a light now. It's crazy. I mean, people, it's so unsafe, but it's fun. It's wonderful. So where is the bus? Like 42nd and Broadway? Right now, it's actually on at a light between 41st and 42nd. It's for 32 right now. Okay. It's between 41st and 42nd on actually 7th Avenue. All right. Because to get to TRL, it had to be on the west side of the street. Right, right, right. Now, I was driving on 45th Street going westbound. I couldn't, in the middle of the block between 6th and Broadway, I could hear a roar of people before I saw the bus. People are yelling. Everyone at TRL turns around. It's incredible. This is insane. I mean, I'm going to follow the bus all the way down 7th Avenue. All right. You want to keep me on the line? All right. Yeah, hold on. That's John who's following the bus, Anthony. Yes. If you're just tuning in, we've got the Teen Voyeur bus. We've got six girls completely naked on this voyeur bus. Yeah. And we are heading, it's our little parade today. We're on Broadway. And we're going all the way to Wall Street today. Taking Broadway the whole way. All you need to know today is Broadway, Broadway, Broadway. That's it. They're right around 42nd and Broadway as we speak. Okay, let's go to Gary. Gary, what's going on? Oh, man. It's crazy over here. Okay. All right. Can you describe it a little better, sir? All right. It's crazy. We'll move on from that. Thank you, Gary. He doesn't. That's nice. It's crazy. It's crazy. The show's moving too fast. If we go to you guys, you've got to get right to the point. Matt. Matt. I got an update from ABC News. Yeah. I saw into the studio and everybody went to the windows and was pressing up against the window looking out into the street. But you didn't have them in the left lane so I couldn't see. Yeah. It's kind of hard for him to get over from TRL. Yeah, he wanted to do the TRL thing. I can see the sidewalk and people were running. It was really funny. Very cool. Everyone interrupted whatever they were shooting over there. Very nice. Listen to this. Thank you, Matt. You got it. Kate from Jersey. I don't know if you guys heard what Carson said, but he said, one day I'll tell you guys what just happened outside. They're all naked. I swear to God. Did he really say that? Hold on, Ben. Ben, not only that, at the end of TRL they always go out into time. Oh, they didn't go out this time. They totally F'd them. We're taking over this city today. Jason, what's up? What's up, guys? I was at TRL when they were doing it. The girl was requesting the song. The guys are just looking to the right. They weren't even paying attention to what you were doing. Yeah, that's what was happening. They're all looking at the new teens. All right, Jason. Thank you. All right. Uh-oh, this is a development. I hope this isn't true. Mike, what's going on? Mike, hey, Mike. Hey, yeah? I'm at an auto man head, no, Triborough, and I just passed about 80 cop cars heading south on the FDR Drive. That's probably because Clinton, man. Get me to that teen bus. You get me there. Turn on your sirens. I don't care what you're doing. I don't care what you're doing. I got to see new teens. All right, that wasn't scary. That's Clinton, man. That's the route he takes. Isn't he going to be on the east side today? Get me to the new teen bus, god damn it. Bus driver Anthony checking in. And. Oh, you are causing mass chaos in my dispatch room, bro. Why? I'm serious. The section that they're in right now, I got like 30 minute delays and I got like three big executives clamoring for car service and I'm like, hey, I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. Nice. Nice. Well, they should call Jaffa limousines. Thank you. Thanks, Jan. Bye. Go vital. Yes. All right. Let's go to Allan. We got to take a break here. Allan, what's up? Hey guys. I'm going down to Turnpike. Yeah. And there's a big traffic advisory sign that says turnpike is too busy. Why? Turnpike. Turnpike. Turnpike. Turnpike. Turnpike. Turnpike. Turnpike. Turnpike, turnpike. that says avoid manhattan gridlock alert keyboard about and that's a problem uh... but the at the tia and when the when the campers and they can turn that radio down there let's go uh... and he has no clue you guys sir idiot if you're on hold for the radio show you guys are now radio because that's like a twenty four second delay all the you gotta be a little more lenient though because uh... the people losing their effing minds maybe that's it the lawyer but it's on broadway all the way down the wall street they should be in the uh... the high thirties by now yeah maybe we can get a quick update before you take a break one more quick update louis black on the phone yes go lose uh... louis yeah the uh... cap stop this for a second just to tell us to keep moving with the traffic stay up with the traffic don't slow down to be a little more he's not a house and i want and then he said enjoy thank you and why do you love the m i p d and i think i about everything there but i'm not sure anything there about every uh... fifty-yard one that would have for quite some time of course this is why we love the n y p and i mean i was prepared to get out and they can they're not interested but again of window how are the girls holding up they are they have a lot more energy than than most human beings apparently when you take your top off you get extra energy can we uh... can we speak to one of the girls louis yeah i'll go to check break with the one who are the girls right now we're going to learn but a girl on the phone on the first all right well melanie yeah how you doing how you holding up uh... i think that was my constant daily look at your ass you're like a proud favorite melanie a lot of people are calling in saying they enjoy melanie they love all the team girls and uh... how you know what you've been doing to really know you know you're well people get everybody are we doing any uh... lesbian teen stuff yet or you don't any lesbian teen stuff yet well not yet and you guys been maybe giving each other a little massage is or back robber that's a number yeah we have to work on that you know we do we might have to uh... do a shower scene in front of city hall nice i think that might work and you know maybe we could tie it into juliana you cleaned up the city now we're going to clean up a team girl this is your dad uh... it was a huge reaction and i think that they've been out uh... call well melanie keep up the great work okay not bad well i'm not right we got to see goes we got to find out where the buses eighteen-year-old melanie we made very easy for you guys today it's a team where bus were taken broadway all the way down a wall street broadway all the way down a wall through where are we are now wreck uh... guide we are just crossing over broadway and looking will come up to make the health care and basically a thirty thirty four three were coming up thirty four right okay uh... and we are picking up the leader not a cnn camera crew which is right here with the shopping and they are getting on board this is a nice i'm going to be joining us and great old yeah make sure they know exactly where the team where bus came from you got it uh... all the other i've got a graphic report as well yeah uh... will click if you are following the button and have a video camera yet one hand on the steering wheel some of the other hand i've read try that record that we got to break with checking with you in the cnn crew next okay you've got a guy i got the cnn all the is on the bus cnn is on the team boy a bus will get after site the today show flashing you know they will mention our names of the now everyone that you everyone in our came from i want to take a break and we'll go back on the team where a bus with uh... rick and louis black and jim norton if you're on if you're like waiting for the team of lawyer bus please give us a call if you see it okay yeah very easy today there at uh... thirty fourth and broadway right now we're taking broadway all the way down to wall street simple simple simple okay nice will be back it's pies on all of mulberry star at real fast uh... reckless going on and i i i i know that they've given uh... they've already happened about a week ago and we're a little late with off without yeah i think we definitely have a bigger crowd we're just in front of me if you don't go ahead and get a client operating is that i'm begging for change and just a bit and watch the light really sanna is a fan of new teams and that will have to be a good thing now rick rick yeah we have a some nasty the cnn crew given through is on board all right now whenever they take the girls you know they can show boobs on cnn right right what well stickers on the girls press when they felt so that if they talk to the girls they have to show well we are planning that right now he's searching out the stickers to up but on their grip on the girls but because if we see a cnn report on this and we don't see at least a while there's going to be trouble will have to do it all over again won't that uh... and that would be horrible and the ads i've read guys so you're at herald square on broadway right uh... with my brother making our way down the uh... parade route house traffic thirty-fourth of our lives are little well i don't know if it's because of our because of the car following up for the people running in the street all right call thank you rick will take it was after a break here you got all right so it looks like thirty fourth and broadway uh... it's our team warrior bus we got six girls completely naked on this bus and we have a parade route uh... we're taking broadway all the way down at uh... to to wall street anthony yup there are waiting parties going on all over broadway right now people are checking like crazy on do there's like twenty thirty people on the corner of this and this blood a block and uh... of course uh... city hall city hall yeah a big spot where the bus will uh... pull in front of a city hall so you could go down there if you want to see uh... new teams i can't believe it this is fantastic hi i'm mayor julianne i love new teams but if you're following the new team bus and you've been drinking we will take your car uh... man well we just uh... well we'll take that we need to take a break but it's getting too crazy here greg what's going on your next on any w you know why are you guys on the bus so i tell you six beautiful naked team girls we would have loved to be in on the bus but we don't have the technology we're taking one for the team because uh... if we were on the bus the broadcast wouldn't be as uh... clear and we might break up on the cell phones and we can't uh... for some reason uh... they couldn't figure out how to get us live from a boss right uh... already got to be able to take a cab is going to be on uh... steve c is he's on the bus he's on the bus videotaping all of this and the best clips of course will end up on the foundry music dot and we'll get a personal i'd be a test tape of the whole event so we're pretty happy actually make a bet european with you uh... you probably agree those i got fun some of that with the biggest day for hits on foundry music will be when these video clips go out all without a doubt yeah well i don't know about that which which was the biggest day so far biggest day so far was uh... the nbc today show well well and that's because we got hits from all over the world because that story went uh... worldwide well if this ends up on cnn all right yeah i guess you're right okay i don't know i'm saying this will be the biggest uh... day when these clips go up all right let me uh... oh my god is too much going on here uh... tom you're next on w a w hey what's going on guys a man yeah i was just i'm i'm right behind the back traffic on broadway is not even expected to set a standstill you can even more system people that people running out into the street with video cameras can you should have been in front of me to do the same everybody and mothered daughtered little kid although i it would be thank you have the parents covering the kids eyes is the funny i saw that i had to be someone to have to be from oklahoma i'd with this with with the camera around the neck in the hair like they were everything you can't she i thought you get a fake you can't be a i wanted to describe what's going on and i have a really great don't describe it we need your help today all everyone listening if you're on the parade route that's just uh... give this whole bit some pictures because where we we have no idea what's going on out there at the end he can even imagine all right i think i've got a very mind thank you tom all the people you guys chris from manhattan quickly i worked in tv building ran downstairs knocking people over to look at the bus you should have seen the look on the tourist face the women were shocked that the guys all of the the girls were hot and he says when the bus took off there was a mob of people running through the streets chasing the bus yelling all in a before i came upstairs i heard a cop laugh and say we should have given the bus ticket so they could have hung around longer i think this is much better than they can believe the labor radio rights just an observation if you get there get out there and say it frank what's going on uh... about the path twenty seven-point-three the crowd really point the right next to the birth yet and uh... it's kind of a group of people i'm sorry that i i'm i'm here reports that we now have a police escort for the bus and that is a very negative about that report that's coming in and i just want to say we love the n y p day will always support you guys they got a copy of the a m thank you frank okay let's go back on the team lawyer bus with yet it's that people are going to school is provided for a disposable camera and i i bet they're also all down along broadway and uh... it's kind of good it's kind of just a little bit of a good thing to be speaking in front of a few people's just it was the most it is the most spectacular basis has ever been a not yet and then we've got the cnn guys the uh... the people of the spot dot yes i have a good camera is really on the bus under really on the bus have you do you get the lowest now that we don't care about me i think this what what are they doing filming the girls and the only uh... the girls that the president of the military they're talking to some of the girls in family action on the street right call it but what are the girls to charge to get out of the shower all night shower they go low as well i think for a moment that is that screw the election in shads look at what we got i don't know if you don't want to bring that stuff up but i don't know if you're going to come on the job for you to go to the whatever what i thought about let's look at least something meaningful happened in my life look at the hanging shads on the teenagers and they can make certainly are i think i can't wait to get the wall street because those packer had to go not i'll ask thank you i don't think you know remind you guys i've got that show tomorrow to get to you find that it yet and i'm going to send out is in perky and see what those like more night that's what i think that saturday has a little bit of a little bit of a call thank you i'd have to be i think we have to take a break all the other kingdom and they didn't radio by the so we're gonna go back in a commercial by swear we're going to and we're only going to make it through another two or three spots and i'll be more than update uh... so here's the deal is that you were a bus it happened i can't believe we pull this one off that is the bosses had no effing clue what we were down here's the update we got six naked teenagers on a boy or boss led this boss is only well you can see everything that's going on inside the bus the girls are completely naked uh... we have a cnn crew on board yeah filming the whole thing and uh... the parade route is very simple one broadway somewhere in the uh... the upper twenties right now and we're taking broadway all the way down to uh... wall street all right not and with that will be back very very soon don't touch that dot uh... w any double u people taking out the team lawyer by the s yes yes i'm hoping someone from the bus calls us we want to see what the hell's going on let's see if mo has anything he supposedly right next to the bus mo you know i can't find the box they must have gotten lost off that's not good that's not going away and in pete okay uh... uh... a brick and also we can find out where it's not a very it's thank you mo find out where rick is something happened and uh... they got off the beaten path for a second cycle mark there will be fifty-seventh uh... right outside the brooklyn diner i think it's going to be like when uh... apollo eleven splashdown and the astronauts came back to the triumph and return it like heroes idea what's going on uh... we are i don't know where we are right now it is cnm on the part if on the people are just wanted to bet fourteen ten broadway we'll make it a right onto broadway everything you should be the faces of all color the part of the church for racism's nobody is in new york today no one really i guess angry when there's new teams now right now there is a iraq the very with the crutches the right he stopped it was a any of the sky to go to bed actually without we don't understand Yoga uh... men agathema complications in-laws with very well together with the car we have a free speed mararet You know, whatever that drug is that goes into your head when you see breast, I'm fine. But the belly grandmas apparently decided to rip something that's truly changed my life. This is a lot more than I expected. This is something really fabulous. I have to flip the phone down. Alright, thank you, Lord. There's like 300 people watching the Comedy Central Daily Show, and I get a hammer on the butt. I'm on the bus. It's on the right thing. The last scene in that movie. That's what this is like, but without the class and anger. It's great. Alright, thank you. Are you guys there? Yeah, right. Let me get close and listen to this. You can't hear it. That doctor was like, 50 bad bones pounding on the window. Jesus. I'm fine. That is amazing. I was on the bus and people will. They come right up. They smash their heads against the window. I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? I'm like, what the hell? We are fast approaching the light at Broadway and East 12th Street. And make your way towards City Hall. Psycho Mark is on the way. Alright, thank you Rick. We'll check in with you in a little bit. You got it guys. Yeah, we are going to City Hall. Psycho Mark is on the phone. Psycho Mark, what's going on? Get those young girls down here. I can't wait to battle them. Are you tanked Mark? I'm not that tanked, but I'm going to be as soon as I get on the bus. Are you hanging? Yeah, there's a bunch of people standing around here. You guys are all waiting for, what could you possibly be waiting for today? We're all hanging out. Right outside the mayor's window, right here on Murray Street and Broadway. There's small pockets of people everywhere. And you don't know if they're waiting for the same thing, but then you look around and they kind of give you the same look. Alright, Psycho Mark, I've got to put you on hold for a second because the bus is approaching. We've got reporters all over the place. John, he's at 9th and Broadway. John, what's going on? Yes, I'm at East 9th and Broadway and the bus is north of me, about three blocks at 12th Street. There's not a delivery being made in town. FedEx guys, UPS, messengers. It's like a Pied Piper for messengers. Everyone waiting for the bus and it's coming towards you now? Yes, it is. You guys should just take a moment though because when this is done, you don't even realize, you're hearing the reports, but you are going to be so happy and proud on it. On December 18th, when you get syndicated, on Monday, December 18th, because of this here, right here, people following the bus screaming, ONA, ONA tourists in front of Macy's watching. It's coming at me now. I hear people screaming. Alright, thank you John. Hold on, hold on. We'll go back to John when the bus gets really close. I've got to go to Tony real fast. Tony, what's going on? Oh my God, dude, you guys better pad in this. The first mobile peep show. Dude, I had to run into my apartment. It's psychotic out there. It is insane, isn't it? John, we're back here. We're back here. Yeah, they're crossing Nigten Broadway. You have to see, there have to be about seven cop cars as an escort. Holy mackerel. People running the street, on a serious note, I would say the bus should get in the right lane because that's where people can see from. And people are running out into the street because you still have a long way to go to go downtown to Wall Street and come back. So no one gets killed. They should go on the right lane. I know they have the escort, but people are running out into the street. I know they have the escort, but people are running out into the street. I know they have the escort, but people are running out into the street. Yeah, we want to keep everyone alive. You got wow stickers on cars. Everyone's on their cell phones. People have never been this happy in the city. Nice. Yeah, this is fantastic. Be very proud. I'm not kidding here. This is great. All right. Has the bus passed you, John? The bus is at a light right now between East 8th and East 9th on Broadway in the left lane, the east side of the street. And it's just cars from New Jersey with wow stickers. I saw a guy that had jets on the back of his window, wow stickers. There's no way this guy is actually working right now. Nice. You know, he's just here. All right. Yeah, this is me. Actually, I got a guy just tried to open my door. You there? Yeah. Yeah. Tried to open my door. He's like, you're on the radio? I'm sick. The guy knows it's me. He hears me talking passionately. He's pointing at me. I'm like, hey, baby, this guy here. I'm going to give his license plate number. No, no, no. John, thank you. We got to let you go, okay? Keep me on the line. I'll stay with it. All right, hold on. I got to go to John from the FBI really fast. John, what's going on? Hey, how you doing, guys? What's up, man? I just want to let you know, not only you had a police escort, you had an FBI escort for a little while. Yes. Really appreciate the entertainment on the way home. The FBI, the rated X files. Yes. That's right. But I just wanted to call in. I know a lot of cops call in, but we really appreciate you guys. Hey, thank you, John. The feds. All right, thanks. We love the feds, right, Anthony? Yes. Let's go back to Rick. He's on the Teen Boyer bus. Rick, where are you? Hey, guys. We just crossed over Eighth and Broadway, and it's kind of cool this time of year. You know, it's the holiday season and such. There's something going on out there. People are wrecking the bus at this point. It's kind of a majestic scene outside. The sun's going down. It's a little darker. A lot of light's coming up. And the Teen Boyer bus is making its way and showing the holiday spirit with Naked Teens. Now, Rick, you're by NYU? We are right by NYU. We are at the corner. I can't even catch the sign. I'm doing a six or seven right now. College guys love Naked Teens. And yeah, we're making our way up toward City Hall. And we are taking Broadway all the way down to Wall Street. Hey, Rick. All the way down, we're going to pick up Psycho Mark, who's going to navigate us through the Wall Street area. All right. Let me go to Psycho Mark real fast. Stay there. Let's go to Psycho Mark, who's at City Hall. Psycho Mark. Psycho Mark, put the bong down. I'm going to punch this guy, man. I'm smoking pot with the value. Mr. Reliable, thank you, Psycho Mark, for that report. That was wonderful. Let's go to Tom, who's next on WNAW. Tom, what's going on? How are you guys doing? All right, man. I'd like to congratulate you guys. Nothing bigger than the President, but Naked Teens. See? I am actually driving along with the motorcade. I'd like to say hello to my brother, who wishes he could be here right now. Unbelievable. Syndication as soon as possible. Please. One of the most... This is the most piece I've seen. Thank you, Tom. Thank you. I mean, people from freaking Arkansas are here. I mean, with their kids. Look, this is what New York City is like. You've got two psychotic bastards on the radio, and they have Naked Teens along Broadway. Naked Teens on a bus. I have to give you guys credit. Congratulations. Get them through safe, Tom. Thank you, Tom. Let's go to John. John, you're next on N.E.W. John. Yeah, how you doing, guys? This is the best dollar. Thank you very much. You're welcome. Get a shout out to all the parties that are listening. I can't be here. Good luck, guys, and this is all the Christmas put on. All right, thank you, John. People are just so worked up in a frenzy, Opie. This is the early Christmas present from Opie and Anthony to you. Yeah. Let's go back to Psycho Mark, see what's going on at City Hall. Psycho Mark. I was so excited. I was running around chasing squirrels in the park. No teeth. He's frigging hammered, man. No teeth. Hey, everybody, what are we waiting for? We're all by City Hall waiting for the Voyeur bus full of teen girls to come down. The crowd keeps growing and growing. People are showing up here left and right. We've got all kinds of cars going over. It's a beautiful thing. I want to see if Giuliani comes out. I don't know, but he's up there in his office. I can see his window is lit. All right, thank you, Mark. And you're lit, too. Yeah, let's go to Rick who's on the Teen Voyeur bus. Rick. Hey, guys, an incredible thing. A cab has stopped at a green light. A man has jumped out and is standing on the hood watching the bus go by. And he's American, for Christ's sake. Nice. Yeah, we're making our way. We're just passing Broadway and Bond. It was a huge part of the family. Huge. A police bus. Police next to us to get a look. Right. I guess they're cutting the recruits in there. Show them what they've got to look forward to working the city beat here. And yeah, we saw people running alongside the bus. And these are faces I saw on TV, for Christ's sake. Now, Opie, of course. Thank you, Rick. Hold on. Your phone's breaking up. Of course, if people miss it on the parade route, we will have a triumphant return of the bus here at 57th and 7th. You know what? I think we need to just... We're less than 15 minutes away from City Hall. Ben has just picked up a sign. This is like election coverage. Isn't it great? It's erection coverage. Yeah, erection coverage. Wonderful. You know, I'm thinking, obviously, we've got to turn around and come all the way back to 57th. We're going to have, like you said, a big welcome home party outside the Brooklyn Diner when the bus makes it back. I think we need to just take Broadway all the way back. It's one way. Oh, yeah. Well, what am I saying? So what road are we going to take back? We can take 6th Avenue pretty much all the way back, and then 6th Avenue will shoot up right back this way. That's what we do. We're going to take 6th Avenue all the way back up to 57th. Nice. And then they finally turn around. Anthony, why don't we take a break? It's the Teen Voyeur bus somewhere down near City Hall, very close to City Hall, taking Broadway all the way to Wall Street at this point. And we'll be back, OK? Yeah. The Teen Voyeur by Opie and Anthony, home by Infinity Broadcasting. She is 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. It's the Opie and Anthony show. Who is this? Hello? Hello? Yes. Who am I talking to? Is this Opie and Anthony? Yes, it is. Yes, we're calling. This is Nathan Lang calling from the Lyceum. Hi, Anthony. Is this the Opie? Are you guys responsible for the bus? Wait, is this really the Nathan Lang? I'm honored that you know me, sir. Yes, this is Nathan Lang. The actor? Nathan Lang. Broadway, yes. Starring is the man who came to dinner, yes. It's Nathan Lang. Are you kidding? Do you listen to this program? No, not usually. A cabbie told me that some coops on the radio are responsible for this bus that's causing traffic. Yes, we would have to be responsible for that, sir. Beautiful, beautiful. We've never had anything like this on Broadway. You never announced auditions, for God's sake. Young nude girls. Beautiful, beautiful. Well, let me tell you, on my way to dinner, absolutely wonderful. Can't thank you enough. It's been an enjoyable and unusual ride home. Well, thank you, Nathan. Loved you in Birdcage. Absolutely. Take care, gentlemen. Bye-bye. Nathan Lang, everyone. That would have actually been Nathan Lang. I don't know. It sounded like him. It sounded like him a little bit, right? I don't think the real Nathan Lang would be that excited about teen girls. Anthony, sorry. Yes? Horny goat weed. Who the hell needs horny goat weed today? No, but if you can't see the voyer bus full of teens, you might need the horny goat weed. Horny goat weed, it's an herb. It's based on the latest scientific research into sexual performance, and it enhances libido and sexual performance in men and women. It's called horny goat weed. There it is. It's a high-speed stimulant for life and life-saving. It's a high-speed stimulant for life and love in the fast lane. All natural. And men and women can use this. It's horny goat weed. It boosts your sex life. If you're lagging a little, get the horny goat weed. Available at GNC, the Vitamin Shop, Great Earth Vitamins, and other fine health food stores throughout the Tri-State area. Call them up, 1-800-899-2749, or visit PinnacleBody.com on the web. For horny goat weed, it's the only show at WIW. Let's go right back into show mode, Anthony. I think Jim Norton's going to check in from the Teen Voyager bus, Ant. Jim, what's going on? It's, right now, we're at Chambers and Broadway. It is a man-house. There's cops following us. There was a guy, an ambulance parked, and then the driver of the ambulance is standing outside with an erection thumb-dubbing. And it was just great because I'm having a stroke and crown-height, and he's watching, you know, 18-year-old breast-drive. So it's really going great. And more importantly, I'll be appearing at basketball tonight at 8.30 with Jim Flanagan and Dorella Boy, and hopefully a naked teenager bound in the trunk of my car. All right, Jim. Oh, my God, this is amazing. Jim, we want to talk to one of the girls, man. Hold on a second. All right, we'll go to them in a second. Let's go to Psycho Mark really fast. Who's that, City Hall? Psycho Mark. Guys, just turning into a frenzy down here. It's set to arrive at 7 a.m. for the Easter party to arrive. It's planning to end it. All right. I wouldn't see them coming right now. The police siren is going, and they've got a couple of cop cars in front of the bus. And everyone's just sort of just sitting here waiting. Waiting for the Voyer bus, of course. Just waiting. People are running and getting cameras and stuff. Cops are moving. Cops what? Cops are moving us over. Everyone's hanging out in the street. There's probably about 100 guys sitting right in front of the entrance of City Hall right here. I think they should pull the bus up in front of us for a few extra minutes just to let the man in. Yeah, well, maybe the bus can stop. Now, Psycho Mark, is the bus in sight? Animals. He can't hear me. It's animals. Mark, is the bus in sight at this point? The bus is in sight. It's in traffic right now. They're stuck in front of the FBI building right now. All right, hold on a second. We'll go right back to you. Let's go back on the Voyer bus, the Teen Voyer bus. Yes. Hello, hello, hello. Hi, who's this? I'm Jess. God, we're having the best time on here. You can see the people's reactions. I knew you guys would love it, but there's old ladies, like 50, 60 years, with their jaws dropped, like smiling, the biggest smiles I've ever seen in my life. Oh, they're liking the young, nubile girls. And you guys are still topless and completely nude, or what's the deal? It feels like Christmas. Like we're making everybody happy. Just booze makes everybody happy. They've got their little thongs on. Yes, we do. Yes, the little thongs and your bare breasts just hanging out. Uh-huh, it is pretty nice. God, I wish you guys were here to see all this. What have the girls been doing? We're just dancing around pretty much. Are you touching each other? We're putting our pants down to let everybody see our nice little butt. Hey, Jess, you don't shut up. Are you touching each other? I don't think we're allowed to do that, but we're kind of like hugging each other and hugging each other. And who took a shower? The nub built it, actually. Nice girl. Ah, nice. Alright, someone else should get in the shower, I think, because the crowd's getting bigger and bigger. Yes, people are following us. There's been people running for like 30, 40 blocks. I've been thinking we left the studio. Alright. Some people are crazy. Thank you, Jess. You're welcome. Alright, let's go to Louis Black, who's also on the Voyeur bus. Maybe his phone's working a little better. Louis! Hey. Hey, what's up? The CNN folks are getting ready to roll out. Okay. We're getting closer to Wall Street. What's good is there's no crime in the city because every criminal is following us. There's no crime everywhere. There's everyone, anyone that's out on parole is on the street with us here. Nice. Very good. Can we... I've never seen that it's the Instamatic Festival. Yeah, a lot of the disposable cameras. And it's unbelievable. These people are... It's just like as if they've never seen anything before. And Psycho Mark just got on. Oh, boy. Louis? Yeah? Can we talk to one of the CNN people? Yeah, hold on. Hold on. Would you like to talk to the radio guys? You can... What? You guys want them? No, the CNN? No. Oh, come on. We put this thing together. No, they won't talk to you. Let me talk... CNN won't let them. They what? CNN won't let them. All right. That's fine. And the two guys are the crew that I want to talk to because I understand that. That's why you do crew. Right, right, right. Whoa! All right, Louis, we'll check in in a second, okay? All right, you got it. All right, let's go to James who's on Warren and Broadway. Absolute chaos down there. James, what's going on? James? Yeah, they're right in front of Bourtway and Fulton Street now. Yeah. And absolute madness. Everybody's just like following the bus. Well, of course. Wouldn't you? Yes, I'm trying to do the same, but traffic is backed up like crazy. All right, yeah, the bus is slowing down now. Yeah. Oh, of course. I hear there's... It's definitely getting close to Wall Street. They're just only a few blocks away. How many cop cars do they have escorting? Oh, they have at least three or five. Three or five. All right, thank you, James. Let's go back to Rick who's on the voyeur bus. Wow. Rick, what's going on? Hey, guys. Yeah. Guys, as you can hear, the door is open. People are flocking around the bus and we just dropped off a CNN crew near the corner of Fulton and Broadway. People are pounding on this thing. Man, this thing is taking a lick and we just picked up of Chris, Mr. and the leaves himself, Psycho Mark. Psycho Mark. Give me a ga ga ga. Ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga gar ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga ga coming in and i think we're both going to have to go out of brian what's going on you know there are a great part of the quarter of one way or the other and they're right at a right now that they've got enough to get a pretty fast but the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the ahead ho Can the an about learn that down c i think that is a turn down the radio or listen very closely because we're in a twenty-four second delay at the latest people brendan from jersey you bastards i had a meeting from four thirty to five i got out in the boy a bus was gone send it back please look but it did was gone able to send back hailey's comment that's that the right it's it there and then it's gone you gotta say it we will be going up six avenue uh... all the way up to the two out fifty-seven though there is the return trip is uh... about to begin in a few minutes here mo what's going on i found the bar you found the boss and i have been crowd reaction i thought one other kids that they are never coming in new york city ever again you know the tourists must really freak out like when they hear things if you're from oklahoma or somewhere and then you go into your can all friends tell you they don't go there you don't know what happens up there in new york it's unbelievable there no morals or scruples or nothing and is on that's just a rumor no one ever real it's nice it's new york city and then they come there and see a busload of naked teen girls on the screen naked teen girls on the team where bus today runaway somewhere around uh... wall street and they're gonna make their way to six avenue and get back uptown bobby what's up they were talked about it it's my birthday and thank you so much happy birthday off dot almighty and early christmas present from opium anthony to you you guys are the best you guys are god i tell you i've never seen more books and then ever since i've been looking at this thank you take it easy i rubber chest from jersey uh... with a reference movie reference the bus is going to look like a bus at the end of clint eastwood's movie the gauntlet nice reference that's classic david's on that and i would like to get a call from my birthday and bob knows nothing cool has ever happened on november the thirtieth but from now on i think up a newspaper on november the thirtieth i can read this date in history alityne player but carter's broadway i a m i love it thank you guys very much i'm in state by we're going to check in sunday to i think the lawyer buses finally in town unfortunately yeah that would be one hell of a telgate for imagine the telgate party with the lawyer boss girls you beers yeah we are going to be telling me that uh... jane stadium for the judge called game this sunday the whole crew is going to be there we're just going to enter in a huge vehicle just hang out and for the hang with so be uh... they got one of the new drink adrenaline drink to give away if any of the girls can make it down and i think we make that happen you know what i have we need to check in with the lawyer bus one more time before we take a break to see where they are i'll go to a few more reporters on the scene as we wait for the lawyer bus checking mark what's up and you know i don't know if you guys are not talking about you know that i was a general tentacle from path to a candy cane dot of course the other two exactly just like that because you guys wrote syndication with our what about the kids came uh... he's starting like everybody today uh... come on but i'm on hold yes i'm going to call from the lawyer boss but uh... mona we know who they are someone who also wants to be a screwed when the bus went down fifth instead of uh... uh... broadway but it's coming back up six yes so so get on sixth avenue and and you'll see it let's go back to record something more about records and i think i think it's not market that okay he's just a power very everybody who's watching the bottom so i don't have to go down on the other thing here from our lawyer but yeah this girl looks pretty much like a true barry more hey tissue what's up and i have a lot of fun yet cool the uh... did you expect a crowd like this today now i did not in the making right on that thanks for helping us out there have you been showering or anything on the bottom and i think i went right now he all the time are you got out of the salary and and and and i a s and is a nice and i'm not my girl and i think i would get it out of our you know thank you for that and i crowd outside the bus well of course naked teens well still we say in the compliment well tissue thanks for the help all right okay thank you all right hey how she doesn't know where we are inside you know where the buses uh... no i don't understand and you are and they don't have a uh... of the comic book rich checking in uh... all god no please don't tell you that the death in this week and i don't want all be within a hundred miles a giant stadium the jets really keep this win badly uh... good point is i'm starting to believe that uh... yeah i was supposed to go to the uh... dial under double game sunday but for that stay away from the calcium give the hours when over there so yeah that that'll work believe me you went to a one or two other games they've lost quite a few more than that no i've got a four games of the calcium they lost every single one i haven't seen a home win yet what are we what are we doing talking about sports well i'm waiting for rick to check in here and i got a bad dog showing a man i don't know what the hell we don't like it they got no gals on that thing does not last how long can we talk about my data we're talking about the most in india with the anguilles and and i got no girls i give up i don't know split probably i want to quit i can't talk about sports anymore but i got a lot of time fantastic that any seven million sixty at the level of uh... well rick says the team or buses right next to the ball on the wall street records up yeah i think that what that uh... we just went down the bank another later i did a great all market you think i don't want it mark leading the way i'm walking on our turn on the right go straight well around barry parkway and the core of granite street everybody waiting for a bomb they're walking up to the point they can make a good on it and now look at their faces the guy that smiling the women are harry barbara is funny like pulling the boy of us up to a bus stop where people waiting for the parts but i've seen this month before this rule but the right now i would you try to make your way to six avenue yeah we're we're going to pick up i get the data church treatment that make our way up to pick everyone wave out by and did the other part of the cross reg everyone wave at noble okay the rule it iraq we gotta take a break right you got a guy's old taken a little bit i thank you nice they gotta get back to uh... this location here fifty seven and uh... seven-thousand went before seven o'clock will greet the bus out there once it comes back where the odds then of them getting back by seven they get back to the little traffic on six seven o you know by the uh... by the final but you know that i think i'll make it issue making no problem marks navigating so i have full confidence probably and i think i think i think i think i think i think i think i think i think i this guy and i was going to play a case one is that it's a good one is you naked teens anthony six avenue all the way back up to fifty seven it's going to take a while but uh... in the parade route for us okay uh... rich what's going on are they just just uh... i'm pumped up side of uh... just got a couple days to eat on church i'm hanging out away from the boss is getting fitted for a tuxedo she's got lots of people running towards a bus i get out of a get out of a car myself on the street i see all my god five six girls on the bus naked within within making check so because the windows people cheering going up you guys you guys are probably the best uh... thank you uh... thank you enjoyed and he was when you to take it uh... and let's take a break okay arvin plaza it's the it's the team lawyer bus uh... is going to make its way up to uh... about two fifty seven yeah along six avenue and we'll be back at one of two seven our bio by infinity broadcasting one of the seven uh... anthony tiger shulman carat yeah holidays quickly approaching a stony way i think about what gets you want let's have been for a second why not give your girlfriend or wife the ultimate gift imagine how she feel if she ran her hands of your body and felt ripped in tone muscles and as he's running a hand that look on it i'm gonna have another puking attack if you have any of that this is ridiculous tiger shulman at one eight seven seven fifty one tiger one eight seven seven fifty one tiger tiger shulman's making it easier than ever to get started it's karate man tiger shulman karate want to be able to protect yourself and again in shape tiger shulman now these are they're making it even easier to get started you receive a free uniform ten free classes when you enroll into the beginner program one eight seven seven fifty one tiger remember you receive a free uniform and ten free classes when you roll that's uh... more than one month a tiger shulman free doesn't matter when you get this gift you could start anytime you're probably thinking that you want to go somewhere in january get in shape anyway you might as well save money and call now but you've got to do it quick the office not gonna last call tiger shulman now before classes fill up one eight seven seven fifty one tiger one eight seven seven fifty one tiger hoping and then because he's a little bit of the f one oh two seven w any double u it's the only job thanks for tuning in today guys continuing coverage of the uh... team boy about making his way through the city one two seven five seven one oh two seven four all our reporters on the scene even what's going on the baby yeah that's just a little i gotta tell you that you got to the best people like what you thought about the book about the book about the book about today and believe me you may have my date i got a call you already got to the fact you're going to not only my day out twenty five hundred we all want money for that because of our product and you guys made are they have a part of our really appreciate it guys i see that we knew you needed a little pick me up today man the money about the about the book about the book about the book about the book about the book about now we're going up six avenue you're going to have a lot of looking at the guy you guys rock it i think that i think i think that right now let's go bobby bobby what's going on your down here fifty four hundred on the people down here or in our being right now wait for you to come down but you're on fifty fourth and six yeah okay good because i don't know the buses taking six avenue all the way up to i think fifty seven yeah we're waiting for you guys we got a big huge big wildfire week we spray painted a white heat we got a hang out of a big we have a hang out of a window that i waited for you guys nice people are going not that here call mellon where you're pretty big he's coming out and well it's going to be a little while because they're still way downtown so i'm not a fact we're checking on those black is on the team or bus let's see what's going on thank you bobby for checking in uh... black what's up well we are just a family motel yeah and we've got a uh... i think a very fine group photo that you do enjoy on the website eventually okay quite delightful and i have to be a job though now with the chances of that women had days of the by a day job over the period on a bus this possible for all really yeah that you have this part in the world trade center area is really really really really really really really really really really really yeah well one of the chances of that the second basically the better always like the right to the right to the on this part of the war because of the lot of the year yeah how the girls are done with very uh... the big rather the rest of the little bit they're continually the good to be able to work it out just to get to about about a hundred percent are they enjoying the uh... the drugs and booze that we have provided you know that i'm not going to get the guy who sent you to read who looked like literally taken one quick hit a crack in rate of about thirty blocks yeah but the way it was hard to explode a little as you're very media savvy uh... what do you think i see it as you do with their little report it's i can't think of the name of the lady yeah she's a lady who put together these kind of like uh... you know put together like three or four different things to make a comment about what's going on in the country right now i know that yes i really do yes he's got the the little dutch boy haircut little little older lady i know it's on the uh... yet uh... i don't know if she even though which is going to do with it but they said they were going to do something with it and and rick kept saying he got it you got a mention of what i think right now and they're like yes i saw you had a lot of like my right right right right the lord knows around the bus long enough yeah was she on the bus and i think she had she was on the bus with his nice but she seemed to enjoy it i am he seemed to have that look at the base of the journalists who've seen everything and this bill blue reminds me that i have a good old and give them something else to talk about that's exactly good at the cocktail party and i'm glad i came down on the service that's i'd like to believe you guys will be a good you know you miss me yeah i will get to see the video that's the statement for the website so well you'll enjoy it and those where are we now with the team lawyer bus we are on the uh... marie and uh... and uh... what's the other really church in mary church in mary i don't even know what i do you okay and we're making our way to uh... six avenue where they were a big that there were no we bought the top i lost thank you all of mention your day dot but i think i'll be uh... picket he had uh... at the end of the kitchen friday night saturday night as book i'd the bananas there okay very good about it will be a different activity kinder and gentler they have energy they're going to be very happy for the first a lot of frustrated energy you'll see on page i lost thank you okay thank you right now are people already waiting on six and for the bus anthony let's go to the average rich what's going on what's going on about it and there are twenty three three two they only have to go on our own ok depending on the government right well we're going to have a good time on the street though yes it's going to be a while before you know i guess your area so i thought i was going to go out there well worth the wait for the lower right hand by the local bar have a little wobbly pop in the and they come back outside right uh... i grow i'm in player valid let's go to cycle mark is on the whereabouts as cycle mark yeah cycle comes to lose her he's on the phone is this only got the phone by his leg well the one hand on the other hand back at the head girls outside co-op and he's got it he was supposed to tell us uh... where the boss was back to you call him because he's the one who knows where is going down there and i think he doesn't answer his phone and i get rick to ask me down and jay reading girls he's got two girls he's jay reading it well we have to depend on our our reporters on the scene time what's going on what's going on guys on the chamber in sheds the bus just drove by co-pilot early additional books well i like that of course you can get i learned that naked teens coming on church it is that a good one in the world uh... thank thank you let's try a cycle mark once again anthony uh... cycle mark we just have to pay the train reed street so we're heading right down going to uh... we're actually the a p p building here at com a straight up well i think that downtown uh... crossing canal shortly all right and i want to be on sixth avenue we're going to have to accept it because i know we'll be on six out uh... probably a lot of traffic there are a lot of high and uh... will be a lot of people down there side of the uh... number one engine truck out there there are a lot of them trying to get a little bit twenty-five minutes yet all the boys yet right i had a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit cycle mark yet listen to anthony and i very carefully very care there are a lot of people depending on you believe in that you have to direct that boss all the way up sixth avenue we have people waiting on sixth avenue all the way up to fifty seven straight you've got a little bit of a few after some and it's going to be your head because it's not like a matter of fact well that's not it was just make sure you get the boss on sixth avenue and get it all the way up to fifty seven straight all right by pictures clear i was like a mom what do you say we talked to one of the uh... girls that we have a lot of people on the ground on the ground hello who is this melanie melanie again yeah i mean you're holding up very well yes i am nice i got a lot of friends you guys sure do so easy to make friends when you have no clothes on it's very easy so uh... is the crowd uh... responding to you guys going wild man if they were there wine time wild time everything nice all right well we will see you when you return to fifty seven to seven i'm already taking pictures of course yes that's all right all right i guess i'm sick i must say this is brilliant unbelievable eric what's going on eric yet hey it yet and let me know we got to find out what about the internet report that brought privilege who are here to be there on the team you know what i mean well eric this is the cool thing about our show we we share as much as we can with our our audience we have a website found music dot com there will literally be twenty or thirty clips from this event on found music dot com down good but you know sometimes uh... you know we want to talk with you before that you have a very few people to find out that no one a can tell us whether i got it says we find out a little bit everyone know and but the problem with that you know they're going to cover up the rules and you know all that yeah and they're going to try to find some intelligent angle to this you know i it that way i'm going crazy over here i can't make it over there to pick you know who's going on a bullet dot i would suggest you get to a website in the next uh... few days because they'll be tons of clips on foundry music dot com public land higher thank you like that uh... we have an update anthony gas let's go to curtis curtis what's going on yet there's a lot of people from the uh... the buster yeah i don't know if you use everything man uh... the whole lot of the like new york city maritimes can we confirm that channel two news is now following the team or but we have a confirmation that cnn that i did take a look at the right at the bottom right now right at the side of the bus well our show always takes a few people confirming no as you guys because a lot of people that always uh... try to pull one on ourself kirk up up up there you go went away uh... only just uh... newsman stuck in traffic behind the bus don't know hoping as a matter of fact uh... chris what's up no you know in a can i can't with that before i was being out one away all the way up kind of be that fifty seven follow that by a file that by the way yet is really i think this to be quite a crowd when the girls come back home to the radio station yeah fifty seven actually people down wall street running after it yeah well i think i'm over mattresses trying to get to it and i don't know if i did not i don't know if you know i chris thank you well-rounded and we love our reports that they have to send us without without you are reporters there are eyes are paul what's going on they are going to have to take a look at what they're going to bring the government back will probably don't think about yeah and uh... welcome back up to the public everybody talking about the u all my god is making people that go back on and that's the way you are that you're at the wall street and you took a subway only all the way back down so it's always back uptown so you can see the bus again yesterday very nice where i don't get back in the building where are you right down the family and for the week uh... fifty seven uh... right now that right right there kind of talking about dot right outside the brooklyn diner call paul thank you and i have a life all this guys she's i want to this is true time was part of the motorcade time what's going on felt like a lot stopped smoking the garages stop moving the crowd is he moaning out of the bus he's moving out of the bar alright look that isn't what this is about a damn it that after they can make the quite alright home to get a very effective all right all right that's it let's work rick is on the phone i think some thank you tom or the man and i think that maybe i'm very happy with that you all right and we are having a it's it's incredible because we are picking up more and more police that are helping us out well read record we just had a cop call that says he's in the motorcade and has reported that rate are that a cycle mark is moaning the crowd through the window uh... i'm not telegram i'm not going to turn around and and green this isn't what the uh... lawyer team lawyer buses about cycle mark i think it's a little bit of a little bit of a good of a unity at the time i would i would say if they're just gotta take six avenue straight up now you throw them off the bus right now we don't need them if we know where we go and i think you know well it's like a large unit yeah i think that's a good idea drama drama about and people over the fact people over we're going to get the book rather pull over on the second rick no wacky radio but really don't know that you know i'm really not a problem now we're pulling over to get the baby there are some every freaking corner guys they got the lights going to work on the record they want you to run out and talk to the uh... cop up there uh... just tell where we're going to leave all of our going to be stupid the first time you like the stupid right along here you go with what mark out right now i think it was a good with the door open up uh... and and old uh... uh... out there well he did i will take you with us that's pretty funny then i think i should be right now and towards the uh... on time and right up six and it's a result of the religion straight shop yeah i hope they make it back here before you have to go off the air uh... chris what's going on uh... with that and i got a report and yet uh... at the rate of the election still too close to call okay market back on the bus uh... that that's so funny he fell for it uh... uh... that's pretty good they gene what's up on the panel what's going on i'm like nearly ran over people trying to keep up with this body can we keep it room street yeah i think that the very appropriate time that that gold block or you get to point right right and thank you very much i mean uh... this is unbelievable i'm coming up official card you practically will draw right people over and then we're across the murder i thought i mean the car and i was like all thank god uh... what what what what they are because obviously he's dumb founded yeah thank you jake thank you i think we all need to have regroup i have yeah you know we regroup wow it's a team lawyer bus anthony yes uh... it's on sixth avenue bed or pretty close it's on sex at the point that i'm right past the hall and tunnel right now and heading back uptown that's the mark of a uh... cycle mark mark cycle and why his son first of all you showing your ass to the crowd and then you get touching the girls which you know about the girls are there for the people you know what you're you don't really good man with them you're not about the girls are there for the audience you touch me first you're going to reunite it was people career order not uh... hot trains when i was a kid you think i can we're going to go from the point i get told i'm not a lot of my very good cycle mark we know where the buses kind of i've been knows and they're going right down six avenue the right around the hall and tunnel area and broom street that's an entrance to the hall and tunnel gotcha and then they'll go right up six and a past house and was much people waiting to try and house and into the village goes through the village and then into chelsea dot jenny town not sure dot you gotcha gotcha that's good ernie oh says it all sixth avenue has now been renamed avenue of the americans he's a cat uh... w any w it's the only show yeah what a day at the what a day what a day what a day who would think that the uh... lawyer boss would uh... be this good unbelievable davier how do you know what's up they have on channel seventeen the metro channel what are they doing on the metro it's like uh... and there's some traffic on our always or we have no idea why but this is export and what you would think one we do have a police escort the team lawyer but yeah i was a few i do and the fbi for a little while center at the end of the night i thank you buddy we gotta go back on the team lawyer bus uh... louis black checking in helping us out today well i think it's all out you can back off the phone just a little i'm sorry about that i'm excited now that we're i can see that i can see that we're willing to enjoy sixteen street just a little bit uh... parents okay but i either side of the street the lights going to it was like they were waiting for us to come up the street we passed the bar so they just came back and the guys were not with the set on their face the that was legs but i don't know about that well there they are charles on both sides of the bike i don't know if you're breaking up a little bit i can't talk to you later i i where are you guys by the way and i'm glad you have plenty of those are the ones that are very i've got a couple of those who's been taken a song i'd thank you los much like we should check in with rich that he's at twenty thirty six uh... rich you know what's going on what's going on i think she had to fire into my on the block now yet the boss is uh... on the record it finally approaching yet the boss is taking six avenue all the way up to fifty seven zero on the court twenty thirty six and you can see it on and i'm on a northwest corner of the uh... of the street and for a city bank i had an added no one has a clue over here from the point of view of the react and that's it now the siren all on the sirens blowing or what balai he did that with our body which right now trying to go around a people are caught in the middle of the street and i don't know what to say i can hear the back of the people are i'm not the cause of the other side without trying to come in at what about everything it's not the people all the people across the road no idea what about the color that's a little bit of a very good night all that's the best and i had no idea what about that well it's an early christmas present from opium every night on the Christmas around here and i'm you'll do from brooklyn hold on one second rich uh... when the bus hits chelsea the parade route uh... dynamic will change from packed house to ghost town because none of the fellows in that neighborhood can give a damn about new teenage all cycle market is as pressed to the window you may arouse some interest uh... yeah as early as a gay people are uh... rich has the bus past you now and i had a fact in between twenty second twenty third now okay so i'm on the actual uh... i'm on the other side of the uh... street on from twenty third twenty third twenty fourth those talking about in the act all right but it's uh... it's coming around now and hear the sirens and it's killing me no one has a clue about the head of isn't that amazing and i do i have to go outside for the uh... try out the return of the policy by the way what was that stop you Salom iss when growth and parat it You can hear the excitement. God, the police are really helping us today because with the sirens going like that, everyone has to take a look. Vinny, what's going on? What's up, fellas? How are you doing? All right. I parked myself in front of, on 17th and 6th, about 530, and I waited for that thing to come. I'll tell you what, there was like one car passing by every 30 seconds. As the bus went by, it was just a traffic jam, man. People beeping. Half the people are following the bus and the other half don't know what the hell is going on. I'll tell you what I learned today. I learned not to go anywhere near the Holland Tunnel during rush hour when the Boyer bus is going by. There you go. Thank you, Vinny. All right, guys. Thanks, man. You're the best. All right. We got to go back to the teen Boyer bus, Anthony. Yeah. And Jim Norton. Hey, Jim, what's going on? It's crazy, man. People are hogging. Mussolini's body being dragged through the street didn't cause as much of a ruckus. This is how worthless I am. I'm the only guy that could not get laid on the teen bus. I am a real creep. This worked out pretty well today. Oh, it's great. You have no idea how many people. There's one guy with a red hat outside and this sociopath has been following us since 57 outside the studio. Jesus Christ. Wow. And he is stuck. The guy probably can't hold a job, but he can look at nipples for 8.9 miles per night. It's amazing. He's right there. He's outside in a red hat and I really want him to get killed, but he just keeps avoiding everything. All right. Hold on one second. Hold on. Hold on. Let's go to Derek. Derek, what's going on? Yeah, what's going on, guys? Right here on 6th Avenue, 23rd Street. Yeah. Things are going right next to a 10, 15 bus already. Oh, nice. We got one cop controlling, a couple of guys trying to push through here. Mayhem. All right. And where are you guys around? Right now, 6th Avenue. I just got caught in a light. Damn it. 6th and 29th. 6th and 29th. All right. Thank you, Derek. 6th and 29th. They're going to be uptown faster than we thought, right? Jim, what's going on? Right now, we're just in a light. We're on 6th and West 30th. Okay. They're northbound. All right. What I love is that the girls are topless and people are still holding up loud stickers. Yeah. And there's really not much more you can show unless you like to cut their tongues open and show their lungs and heart. There's really not much, which, let's be honest, is pretty sexy. There's not much more you can see. Nice. And there's just a mob outside. People are hitting the bus doors. It's great. Yeah, we're going to be outside for the homecoming at 57th, right outside the Brooklyn Diner, so. Yeah, we should be up there a little while. There's really not much traffic now except behind us. Moving right along. I can't even hear you guys. I'm going to give you back your nose for a week. All right. Hold on. We'll go back to you. Okay. We're going to go back to you. Okay. We're going to go back to you. Okay. We're going to go back to you. Okay. All right, Mark. We all hear you. Kevin, what's going on? What's going on, boys? Hey. It's so crazy to see that this makes everybody smile, whether it's a big fat black lady or a little Chinese lady. Of course. Walking along the street, they're all smiling. There's happiness in the city today. Of course. You guys did it. All right. Go pop to the NYPD for this. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Yeah. They really did help us out today, and we appreciate that. All right, boys. Good job. All right, Kevin. I'm looking at all the traffic sites on the various news agencies, internet sites. There are a few where they don't describe what's happening, but they say there's some traffic. Right. Alan, what's going on? You know it's the new boy or not. What's going on, guys? Hey. Today, I saw my first pair of live boobs. Now, how old are you, Alan? See, that's when you should see live boobs. What did you think? It was great, guys. I got to thank you. I came into the city, and I was just walking around, and out of nowhere, the teen boy or boss. Nice. Thanks a lot, guys. All right, Alan. Later. If only there were things like this when we were growing up, Opie. Wouldn't it be great? Hey, Rick. Hey, guys. You're on the air. What's up? We're on the corner of West 33rd and 6th Avenue, making our way back uptown towards the station. Wow. And one thing I've noticed, a teen boy or boss equals running red light, thanks to the NYPD. Wow. Yeah, it's amazing the power of teen boobs. Hey, Rick. You've got to let us know when you're close to the station. Then I want to welcome you guys back to the area. Okay, no problem. All right. You want to talk to Ben, all fair? Yeah. All right. All right. I guess on CNN at 6 p.m. today, a guy with a big wow sign, sticker and sign, a cop chased him away from behind the reporter. It was hilarious. I guess it just happened on CNN again. There's some wacky guy down in Florida, I guess. Yeah, some guy emailed me and said, hey, I used to listen to you guys in New York. I'm down here in Florida and, you know, we're at Tallahassee or wherever. Yeah. Where the whole election crap is going on. He says, I'm going to get a wow sign at CNN today. There's a guy who says, hey, guys, I just saw a wow sign on CNN and the story they're doing was from Tallahassee. Whoever was answering the phones, I'll call him Lieutenant Seasucker. He didn't put me through. That would be... Stinky. I wanted to share it with you. Yeah. There's a guy we know from down in Florida. He's showing the sign on CNN. This is the second time he's gotten it on. Very cool. Let's go to Brett. Brett, what's going on? Guys, the bus just passed 34th Street. Yeah. I'm on 34th and a parking lot. Oh, really? It's about 10 feet and 10 minutes. Yeah. We got like a motorcade helping us get the Voyer bus back uptown now. I mean, we say it looks like those premieres in LA. We got the lights flashing and everything. People are taking pictures. The whole intersection is lit up. There's traffic cops blocking the right lane. I wonder how many pictures we're taking today of the Voyer bus, Anthony. Can you imagine? Oh, my God. It's got to be thousands. It's got to be thousands. It looks like a carnival. All right. It looks like a carnival. Thank you, Brett. Yeah. Thousands and thousands of pictures, I'm sure. Everyone ran out. I would have gotten a camera if I was on the street and found out it was coming down. Oh, run in, grab a camera. Yeah, the listeners are coming into the studio. Can't wait to see some of the pictures filtering in. Adam and Raymond outside the studio, they got video they want to show us. Oh, yeah? They ran back to the station after checking out the Voyer bus. I was checking out the video during a break and it's very, very funny. Hey, guys. What's going on? Hey, boys. How are you doing, guys? Hey. It's Adam and Raymond, right? That's right. And where did you guys see the Voyer bus? We ran two blocks down from Prince Street. Nice. We ran all the way. If it wasn't for traffic, we wouldn't have gotten that far or got that much footage. One load of 10 minutes worth. Wait, you went from 57th all the way down to Prince Street? Yeah. We followed the bus all the way down. Yeah. I heard someone call. That's a lot of footage. There's a guy running 30 blocks with his son. That was me. Oh, that was you? Yeah, that was me. Show Anthony the tape. Yeah, let me see some of that tape, man. I was checking it out. It's very funny. Cool. Little Voyer bus videotape. A lot of the pictures and video that Steve C is taking. Oh my God. Holy smoke. It's hilarious. Look at this. We're going to have so many clips on foundrymusic.com. It's not even funny. I gotta say, Christmas came early. Yes, it did. It certainly did. Look, they're in little thongs. They're shaking it. Oh my God. There's Wendy just shaking it. Now she's shaking her ass. Get in the shower. They're chanting. There's the speaker. That's some classic video right there. That's Steve C. And there it goes. Driving down the road. This is great. Knife girl with the windows fogging up. This is great. Knife girl with the windows fogging up. Oh yeah. Oh my goodness. Show the peach. Show the peach. Let me go to the phones as you check that out, Anthony. Chris, what's going on? Chris? Hey, Chris, you're on the radio. Chris? I guess he's too stunned. Let's go to Mike. Mike, what's going on? Sounds like a Voyer bus. I just missed the bus by about two walks, but I got to see a girl slap her boyfriend for looking at movies. She's screaming at him, walking down the block, beating him because he was looking. That's funny. But I missed the bus, so that sucks. Uh-oh. Thank you, Mike. We gotta go to the Teen Voyer bus. Major problem. Pulled over by cops. Uh-oh. What happened? So close. Psycho Mark. Mark? Dude, we're getting pulled over right on six out of here, right in front of a library here at West 40. Why? Right in front of the park. I don't know. One of the lieutenants came and said, pull out cops over right now. It looks like they're in the hall, I think. No. I swear to God. They got a bunch of whatchamacallit. It's like we're all screwed. We might all be getting arrested. Let's go to Rick. Maybe he knows something. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Rick? Hey guys, holy crap. These guys are coming out with those things you use to cut people, those quick little plastic things. Oh, stop. I'm serious. If this is one of those gags. Dude, this is not a freaking gag. There's a major problem happening. I don't mean you. I mean a police department gag. I don't know, man. I think the cops that are on our sides are talking to the cops that are being told to do something about it. a woman with a very official looking back on who might be controlling the situation, so to speak. Meanwhile, you got the other cops who are hanging out. They're taking pictures. So there's definitely something going on here. I don't know if we're going to be rolling away. We're right in front of... Don't mark the flush, the dope. There's a toilet in there. We're right in the corner of 40th and 6th Avenue. We're real close to the station. God, we almost made it back. There's a huge kaleidoscope, Barnum's setup here. So people know where that's set up. I forget what the name of the park is. But there's a form of activity now around this area. I'm trying to figure out who's in charge and what's going to happen. Psycho Mark, I got a PVA card. Do you know who I am? Wow, so they might arrest a whole lot of you, huh? I don't know what's happening. That's going to cost a lot of money. There's some angry looking females who look like they've got official badges on or something pointing at things. A sheriff car. Oh boy. Alright, we're just waiting, Rick. Yeah, I'm still waiting to find out what the heck's going on. None of the cops seem to want to come on the bus to actually say anything to us. Did the girls put their clothes back on? One guy in the back of the head yelled that we had to pull over immediately. Did the girls put their clothes back on? It looks like everybody's got their jackets on. They're closed. There's an older chief of police guy who was explaining something. Somebody's getting yelled at. Somebody's getting yelled at big time. Let's all cross our fingers here, Anthony. Come on. Let them go. They're almost here. We're 14 blocks away. Certain people are served by plainclothes officers for public exposure. It's a misdemeanor charge for some of the females on the bus. There's other charges, examples charges, also no advertisers on the bus, things of that nature. So what we're going to do now is we're subject to some people on the bus who are subject to arrest. We're going to go to the Hittown South Station. Are you kidding? Transport your own men. Right now I need pretty much all the males on the bus. They headed away to the Isle. Oh, look. All right, you guys are going to stand by. All right, you guys are going to stand by. Let's bring the cuffs in. Did you hear that? Yeah. I understand. I'll leave people on the bus. All right, look, we need some big brass to get over there and remedy this situation. This situation must be remedied. What are they ruining a good time? They reined it. They ruined our parade. You can't end it like this. Yeah, and we're now being boarded. We're being boarded. Get out of here, Rick. I'm serious. Oh, boy. We have been boarded. And everyone gets arrested at the end of this. Rick, what's going on? They're going for a wagon, dude. Come on. I'm serious. It must be Rudy. Oh, come on. They can't arrest a voyeur bus. This is legal, isn't it? We didn't know. Isn't it? Well, no, I mean, they've been doing this for over a week here. Now we're going to have to come up with cash. We're going to have to get some serious cash. Let's get some people over there to remedy this situation. People over there to remedy this NYPD. Come on. Lots of phones seem to be ringing now on the cops' end. Help us out. Telephones are going off like crazy. So the bus has stopped on 40th and 6th? 40th and 6th Avenue. How many cops are around the bus? There are lots of police now on the bus itself. They've got to take care of this. Hmm. I need a... I need an arrest warrant. They're actually now getting arresting officers. Uh-oh. Somebody else. Somebody bigger. Uh-oh. Now we're going to task force. They're keeping everyone on the bus. What? Yeah. They're keeping everyone on the bus. What? Yeah. I guess they don't want to get a patty way and I figured they're just going to take the bus, put cops on it, and take us over someplace. There's also the captain on line 10 that says that you and I are going to be arrested for the... Oh, well. They got to catch us here? Yeah. We're listening. Just keep going. All right. They're telling everybody to follow the cops, I guess. Someone move away. I'm kind of confused. I mean, we've been led. Why the NYPD throughout this entire event? Send Obi-Wan to shut off the tractor beam and then just take the... Roy, give me those flex cups. This might have been a clever ruse. They're getting flex cups. Might have been a clever ruse. The cops were actually working for the other side. Okay, I've got to hang up. Getting them to a location. I've been told to hang up. If you could dial the number, any time during the proceeding, let us know, okay? Rick? Oh, boy. What happened? We just... What happened? Maybe we did you off the pressure? What happened? I'm having flashbacks to Boston. They just re... They reined it. There's a captain on line. Yes, captain? Sir? Yes, gentlemen. I'm performing the results of officers on the way over there to arrest you. Uh-huh. How do you know? Yeah, who are you? Captain Robert O'Brien of the NYPD. Where do you work at? Why should I answer that? Oh, because you're not a cop. Nice try, Cap. That was good, though. They never know where they work at. Let's go to Dutch. We're trying to get some answers now, Anthony. Dutch, what's going on? Hey, guys. I'm ashamed to carry the badge at this moment. You know, I'm not going to... My name really isn't Dutch, but I use that. It was a different story when we had to go up there. You know, when Mr. Muhammad, who got his license again, to go and invoke a... What do you call that? A riot? A peaceful riot? Yeah. But you guys, you can't do nothing nice for the tourists. I mean, it's harmless. I mean, it's ridiculous the way the city's getting. You know what? I got three more years. Give it up. You guys need a hand there? I'll come mark the phones for you. I might turn my badge. I'm really embarrassed by what we're doing. It's a shame. We love you guys, the majority of us do. But like any other big business or organization, we got the tight asses. I want to apologize for that. The majority of us love you, and we back you 100%. Alright, Dutch, thank you. Hey, as you battle... He's doing well. Thank you. Alright, take care. Oh, boy. Can you believe this? I think it was Rudy. I think Rudy did this. He reined it. Dennis, what's going on? Hey, Obi. Dennis, they pulled a caller from earlier today. Yeah. Sorry about that. But yeah, I just flung by. They won't even let you stop to look. Like, if you're in your car. They're waving you along. I got footage of the whole thing. My friend's sitting out there with his video camera. And yeah, nobody's happy whatsoever. Alright, thank you, Dennis. Congratulations. You guys finally made page one. James, what's going on? Yeah, I was down there earlier before. Yeah. And right by, in Times Square somewhere, where all the cops were hanging out. I overheard one of them say that the president was going to be there. Well, the president is not even dead Wall Street yet. So, it had nothing to do with that. It had nothing to do with it? Yeah, if Bill was there, he'd be on there like a Garfield, man. He'd just be stuck in cup to the Bavaria bus. Alright, thank you. Yeah, we need to keep the phone lines clear. We need to get people on the line that know what the hell's going on. Yeah, we need like somebody who's going to be there. What's going on? Yeah, we need like somebody who's watching. I'm just going to start hanging up on people until we have to know what happened. Let's go to Jason. Jason, what's going on? Yeah, hey, man. Listen, I was dating a feminist chick about four or five years ago. Then women won the right in New York City to go topless. This is a false arrest. Because she walked through the streets topless that day. This is a total false arrest. You guys got a lawsuit on your hands. We'll see what happens. Go for it. Yeah, emailing in saying, ONA, please burn my email. Yeah, it was all Walt's fault. Now look, great idea, Walt. Everyone pissed off at Walt. Look, I know there's one guy from the NYPD out there that knows exactly what's going on. Right. He's not part of the situation. This doesn't just happen out of the blue. I mean, something had to be planned where they were going to do this. And there's got to be a cop out there that knows exactly what happened. Someone help us with some information, okay? We've got to get our brothers out. Malcolm, what's up? Hey, what's up, dude? I got my scanner going and they're saying that this is from the chief of the department. All right. His orders to confiscate that bus. They call it for a tow truck now to take the bus away. Chief who? They didn't give a name. They just said the chief of the department. If you don't believe me, I can put my scanner up to the phone now. You can hear them talking about it. No, we can't do that. We'll get in trouble for that too. We actually expect the Lawrence Midtown South ordered it. Not Chief Esposito. Esposito is down by Wall Street, Helleport. Yeah? It's because you're on the presidential route. It's up 6th Avenue. And why? Well, it's because of the tight ass. So they did this because we're on the presidential route? They did it because you're on the presidential route. You would have taken a different street. They wouldn't have stopped you. Oh, my God. Thanks for letting us know. Well, I'm trying to call in. You had a busy signal. Yeah. I had a busy signal for the last half hour. I just got through. More important, who the hell is going to play at Raskals tonight? If we got Lewis Black and Morton arrested. I can't wait to see Back and Black on Wednesday. If they want to really be hard about it, they're going to send them out of town for booking. They should just give them appearance tickets, if anything. It's discretion to them and like I said, you're going to Lawrence's precinct. He is really a horrible man to work for. All right. Thank you, Elliot. You're welcome. All right. Oh, boy. Jammu is approaching the bus. Let's see if this is real. Jammu, what's up? What's up, guys? Hey. Hey, I'm on 38th and 6th. I'm coming up. It's just a jam over here. Yeah. And I know the president is coming in the midtown. Yeah. So I don't know. There are cops all over the place. All right. Traffic. All right. Thank you. Jesus Christ. Front page, major traffic jam, new teens, three comics, one radio show, drugs, prison. Does this sound like post material? And the president in town in the middle of the whole thing. Oh, crap. Oh, boy. We ruined it. This got reamed. Dave, what's up? It's actually Dwayne. Hey. Hey, I just want to say it's an honor being on your last show. Oh. And if you could let us know. Not this again. Wait. Not this again. We heard that before. It's not even a joke to us. It's not funny because you know what? And then when we get, if we ever get our next job, we talk about remember and we were saying, well, take it easy. Nice knowing you. All right. Guys, honestly, though, you guys rule. And if any WNEW can't back you up on this, they have no balls and don't deserve you. All right. Thank you, Dave. All right, man. Oh, God. Oh, God. You know, I started getting that feeling. Yeah. Because it was getting way too big. Yeah. And I was just like, come on, just get to 50. Just get home. They almost got home. Just get to 50. They almost made it home. We made it to 40th on the way back. Let's go to Joe. Joe, what's going on? What's up? I work here over at the Hammers Ballroom. Yeah. Like right down the block from Midtown South. Yeah. They got some big tow truck here and they got like three vans waiting with cops all outside the precinct. All right. And as far as what like a couple of cops are saying, because I talked to a couple of them, they're saying that you could be arrested for organizing public lunacy or something like that. Public lunacy? What? They said something like that, that you could also be arrested for organizing this. Well, fine. Then arrest us. You know, we're not pussies. If we're to blame, then arrest us. I'm not built for jail. No, I'm not either, man. All right, Joe. Thank you. All right. All right, Joe. Thank you. No problem. Bye. Ludeness, please. All right. Someone wants to like keep it cool. But Danny, what's up? Listen, man. Exactly what it is. Secret Service is really upset about it. You guys were on the route the president's going to be taking very shortly. They really didn't know what the hell to do. They had no idea about it. They should have just gotten... They probably would have known. It would have been over at seven. And you know what else? Where you guys originally were is where he's coming from. You know, I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. Right. So they didn't know what to do, man. They had the F scared out of them. Wow. Oh my God. Because it was totally unplanned and they planned for everything, as you know. All right. Thank you, Danny. All right, guys. Take it easy. Bye. You know what? We should have Jay Moore on there because everyone knows he can't even get arrested for that. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. He's coming after me. He's coming after me. He's coming after me. He's coming after me. He's coming after me. He's coming after me. He's coming after me. He's coming after me. I know he knows you can't even get arrested. All right. Officer Mike. What's going on guys? That's good. What's up, Mike? Listen. What's probably going to happen is the public is going to have everybody hang out at the precinct till the President's done and then they'll cut everybody loose. Women are allowed to go topless in public. Screw Clinton. I agree with you, but you know, he's the President. What can you do? You would have loved to have seen this today. Of course. window all right thank you mike later that my are you allowed to indicate from rikers uh... and what's up yeah i don't know any uh... long-term listen i just have to bother all the girls aligned up you know they got my kind of little uh... like uh... it's dropped off around the deal that has behind the back with the plastic straps they're looking a little nervous but i looks like a back-end of a tow truck to it now and uh... that's all i thought that one cop car coming up always sixth avenue uh... that came straight from my city hall right after the by and uh... uh... syndication when you guys got a deal i think you have and joe joe's going on and i got that yeah i've been invited by a park and i got a whole sidewalk closed off the ticket everybody off the street post everybody off the park state-of-the-art standard upon three times double the is anyone crying uh... never ever really sure if you got they're dragging them out there there was a big cheer going over the crowd you got brother all right joe thank you ask i had to do anything we were here she well i got a message we were on the bus open but what a coincidence that clinton is in town and talk about breast cancer awareness by the way all swear to you well we gotta take a break as we really got like do the business part of the show even though it would be careless at this point uh... boy alba cops on the line uh... al you know what i got a uh... this is what i'm thinking like most uh... demonstrations and i'm different arrest it may end up being a couple of the summonses or death appearance tickets yeah what i'm thinking is they'll probably run a war check you know make sure that we got a war on all the rules of the war now i'm like a market area and see if we can get the all-nighter for him they are side of my goals and a chance to get off the bus yeah i think they'd like to rewind it but i'm thinking that they'll do a war check and with any luck a couple hours to be out now the girls because they're all the agent about that school there but i think might be more penalized just the the other passengers on the bottom i can't even sending everybody on that bus through the system and then some kind of a voucher that bought your heart right so may end up being a couple of you know uh... you know what i have to go down the court date but again i don't know that the guy who called it a measure inspectors name was right about the name that i think a whole and i am well let's just relax with that okay yes definitely i don't want to solve anyone right now no no i guess yes but really uh... definitely don't want to be in third and all the people but uh... you know thank you out of popular Jason from jerry zia of making a lemonade out of lemons open because you guys what are you not to this is great new jailhouse teams make sure steve c brings his camera through central parking and we're gonna take a break we're obviously uh... not to break the two workers were hoping that rick had like sneak a call into us or something but what is he james bond i don't know he gets one call rick always has to deal with our crap dedicated to the proxies that what about if he was able to figure out some way to broadcast on the bus open we'd be there too alright uh... and we might still be there i'm waiting to see the door fly out there okay stay gets away when was on twelve who is this harry's it was on twelve and he's uh... all of its protection senior dealer i think it is a good one does that i have to get a little bit yeah i'm getting off the phone all i got the phone to the almost all of them and all of the above who's not going to ask about what the hell's going on and i know he sounded a little uh... pissed uh... and they rockaway bedding like we care at this point but we're in enough trouble so i'm really fast one eight hundred triad that well after you've been locked up all night you want to get home to your bed from rockaway bedding it has a hundred forty stores about new york and new jersey all the brand new matches is silly posthopedic sort of perfect sleeper simmons beauty rest the price of sixty five percent of the department store prizes coming to the new mister mattress from a rockaway bedding the new simmons two thousand uterus individual coils for no partner disturbance in a mattress you never need to flip plus the latest luxury bedding from stern to foster silly posthopedic crown jewel in the latest uh... the lowest prices possible yes rockaway bedding the only major area match store that offers you free still bed frame free delivery and free complete removal of your old bed sleep is important to medical fact that he sleeps about a feeling that this is the most important furniture in the house and imagine from rockaway bedding is going to prove your sleep your energy and your sex life yet and the mattress today you could go to rockaway bedding store nearest you are going to call one eight hundred triad at one eight hundred tri bed rockaway bedding diet now available at g n c now you know that my cycle mark mark mark here and what's what's going on we are on the back of the patty wagon right now and it's a little bit station you're going to the police station or getting arrested right now who's back there with you everybody who's black media the bus driver and we have we got lewis black arrested well my god we've got lewis black here right now yeah is to write for this i got my hair free how or do you think the phone call and i think we're going to like that i think he said that i get plenty of pb a card said what what did they say they were going to do right in appearance ticket or one alone god this is i'm starting to freak out we're not getting enough info that said because all i got from the back of the patty wagon by the way guys we don't fake stuff this is as real as it gets all i'm not even that lewis didn't want to go on the bus here now he's being taken in the back of a police car patty wagon lewis's tune around as the patty wagon have glass side so at least the girls can now shh results market guys yeah i'm here again do you know where you're going no i have no idea but we're getting escorted they're blocking streets off like where the head below all right god but we're going to be mad that we get a full police escort we got cops blocking everything off the truth now my god well they'll probably still laughing what's that what are they laughing back there the cop right now they're laughing at all the other people on the street but uh... it's unbelievable we get uh... cameras left and right follow up all the news channel channel i was there was a chance for all of us it was hysteria all my god it was a good thing fifty and sixty cop arresting us they'll have the plastic bands ready to go whatever holy shit so now i what what we think is going to happen is you're all going to get like desk appearance tickets i don't know because it's like uh... it's only a misdemeanor rap and uh... weighed thirty fuct happen but i think we saw it article that dependence and carcass recognized Pompeo I'm going to put the phone down. I've got to put my handcuff back on because we're coming close to the station. We're going out of second half right now. We're not bad out of hell. Mark, obviously we have to get off the air ourselves, so just call us in our office. Very good. See you guys later. Bye. Jesus Christ. Someone find out how long we could go. We have to stay on the radio. Yeah, I want to at least be able to tell people what the hell is going on. Oh boy. Sal, what's up? Hey, how are you doing, guys? Hey. A friend of mine is a cop assigned to City Hall. Just spoke to him in front of what was going on? Yeah. This came right from Rudy. CNN called City Hall to get a reaction from them on how this bus was going down a secure presidential route with police escort without the City of New York police stopping it. Rudy flipped out, called the commissioner, told them to stop the bus, arrest everyone, and he sent inspectors to the scene because they're taking name and badge numbers of all the police. That were doing the, that were giving you the unauthorized escort so they could all be disciplined. Oh, come on. We don't do well with mayors. The mayors always screw things up for us. All right, guys, let's just have a little fun in this city. Just try to have a little fun in this city. Oh my God. ONA, Seattle's best show. One of two seven W any W. All right, here comes Anthony is evil, but both worse than hit. We're off to a flying start here on the opi and cool and human show. One of two seven W any W. Anthony, we're going to go the phones in a second here, but it's almost a joke. But the diamond exchange. Yeah, we got to get through this. I just want to go on record and say I could care less about our sponsors right now. There's a bigger issue at hand, but I don't want to get in more trouble. Well, that's why we just blow through them and they can understand. We've done good reads for them in the past. Diamond exchange. Past 12 years, the diamond exchange has been the tri-state areas premiere source for diamonds and fine jewelry. The diamond exchange specializes in engagement rings. They'll customize any setting you want or want to create. The diamond exchange staff is going to help you choose from an exciting collection of loose diamonds and the most beautiful, unique custom design engagement mountings. You're ever going to see all the jewelry design and handmade on the premises. The diamond exchange showcases packed with the latest in jewelry design from contemporary to classic to platinum. The diamond exchange will give you an even bigger discount if you have a divorce and you bring in your divorce decree. Call the diamond exchange today. Ask them to send you a free catalog. One eight hundred five five oh six three three one eight hundred five five oh six three three. The diamond exchange from now until Christmas will be open extended hours. The diamond exchange route 17 north and Paramus, New Jersey. Come see for yourself why their customers return again and again. Whoo. It's the only show. It's W.A.W. We ain't going anywhere. We got an officer on the line. Officer Mike Mike. Hey, how you doing? We don't need anyone like F with us like like being you know, we need people that are dead serious right now. I hear you. Listen, I can't I can't tell you what you're doing with because I'm like I don't say a word. Yeah. All right. Here's the deal. The guy the guy who was on the line about five minutes ago, he was correct. You want to come down from one PC. Okay. Okay. They basically Giuliani from what I understand, they they record really this low EM, which is emergency management. And they got their people deployed out there. They got the top hats, the brass guys deployed out there. Some sergeants are going to wind up eating some transfers because if that was true, they weren't doing what they were supposed to do. Somebody is going to be looking for scapegoats. They're going to buy it. You guys are definitely going to be going through central booking now. So I would definitely if you're going to have some of your lawyers get down and that's where they're going to be going. They're not going to be DAP because of the what I call the way too much cost of their own. Okay. They're not going to be given that's a parent ticket. They're going to be put through the system because like I said before, you guys basically on a think the factor one to ten, you're rated at twenty six. So, you know, the bottom line is they're going to they're going to go through they're going to make an example. And, you know, because of the fact that Clinton's in town and everything like that. But it's B.S.R. I had to tell you about that. Sorry about that. Sorry about that radio. But, you know, the bottom the bottom line is, you know, if you were to run in a different route, you probably wouldn't know how to deal with this. You know, like everything else. But we have to do it when Clinton's in town. And well, you know, it's all planning, you know, but the bottom line is that they're definitely going to go through the system because just listen to what's going on on the city. What? And so do special ops frequency. They're they're definitely going to be bringing them down to go to Central booking. So all right. So what do we need? Lawyers down there? Yeah, I would think that would be recommended. So but anyway, but nice show. Jesus. All right. Well, thanks a lot, Mike. Yeah, it was another good night and everything goes away for them. We'll be watching them. It's going to be a long night. Thank you. Take it easy. All right. No, brother. So now. Hey, any any any lawyers out there? I mean, really, they're going to need some kind of son of a bitch. Mike, what's up? Yeah. Hey, what's up? All right. Yeah, well, they made it. Yeah, we've got the scanner runs going crazy. They were not. They made a priority one. The president landed about 15 minutes ago and they I mean, everything they turned everything on. I'm listening to it right now. They're taking names, everything. All right. Thanks, Mike. Well, now what? Now what? Oh, we're supposed to have dinner with all the lawyers. Yeah, let's do that. I can't do that. We are away. Yeah. Now we got to wait and see what happens. Hmm. Yeah. Why can't we get a call from somebody? I mean, Mike was very informative, somebody that knows exactly what's going on with this incident. So we're going to have to wait. We're going to wait. We're going to wait. We're going to wait. We're going to wait. What? Somebody that knows exactly what's going on with this situation, not with similar situations or what he thinks might happen. There's got to be somebody that knows exactly what happens. Well, I'm waiting. I mean, the phone's just going nuts. We're just waiting to see if anyone's going to do a few more. What? A few more commercial? Well, we just got to get rid of all these. One oh two seven W and EW. Powered by Opie and Anthony. And by Infinity Broadcasting. This is one oh two seven W and EW. New York. Okay, enjoy that sweeper. F'd on him, Mike. No offense to the guys, but we're just going. We got to stay on until we know exactly what the hell's going on. What a mess this show has become. A bunch of people have some info for us. Let's go to Nick from the NYPD. Nick, what's going on? What's up? It's Eddie from the NYPD, but that's okay. All right, what's up, Eddie? Well, listen, what they're going to do is they're going to do exactly what they did to the people, all the naked people at the Williamsburg Bridge. They're going to lock them up for disorderly conduct. Yeah. Because they brought a large crowd together. Yeah. And then they blocked intersections. People were running red lights. Yeah. So what you got to do is you just need one lawyer that go down there and take care of them all. They'll get out tonight as long as none of them have a warrant check. Right. Okay. All right, all lawyers, attention lawyers, go to Central Booking. Get a lawyer. Earl's getting a lawyer. Thank you, Earl Decker. Get Johnny Cochran. Thank you. Johnny. All right, let's go to Elliot. Elliot, what's going on? Yeah, first of all, anyone calling you, telling you, listening to this, having them hearing them take your names, or it came down, keep it off the radio, so no one's talking about it on the police radio. All right, cool. The second thing is they're not going to be releasing Central Booking. You're going to have to get down to 100 Center Street. They're going to be in arraignment. They're not going to be arraigned until tomorrow morning. They are not getting in court tonight. They're going to delay them through the system, and they're not going to get out until tomorrow morning. All right, Elliot, thank you. You're welcome. Let's go to Joe. Joe, what's going on? Yeah, they're going to be... My friend works down there. He told me that they're going to slowly roll them through. They're not getting out tonight. They're not getting out until tomorrow. He paged me. All right. Thank you, Joe. You're welcome. Bye. Bye. Big Kevin, I'm going to go to the office. I'm going to go to the office. All right. Big Kevin, Anthony, who's been hanging out all day. All right. He decided to go outside to see what's going on outside the building. Going on outside the building, I should say. Hey, guys. Hey. Guys, what's up? What's up? You're live on the radio, Kev. There's still a big crowd out here in front of Broadway Diner. Brooklyn Diner. There's a news van floating around. I just saw the Channel 2 news van driving by. It looked like they were looking for a place to park, although I can't confirm that at all. And there's an unidentified van over here as well. So they're definitely starting to swim around like sharks after a fresh chum. But there's still a big crowd down here. Pretty big crowd, and they're just hanging out. Outside the Brooklyn Diner? Yes, sir. All right, bro. All right. Anything changes, let us know. I will. All right. Bye. Ben, that's our agent. Talk to him. Yeah, call him. Tell him, due to circumstances beyond our control, we might miss dinner. We're going to be a little busy. Yeah, we can't make it. Reschedule. And also tell him, can he fix this? He is a lawyer, right? Come on. He's in New York. See, a lot of misinformation coming in now. I don't know what to believe. But Ed, what's up? Yeah, what's up, guys? Listen, I work for Giuliani. I'm on a PR team. I work for Giuliani. I'm on a PR committee. Yeah. And he was listening to your show when the whole thing went down. Yeah. Until he got that call. Come on. And then the sharks just went down. Really? Yeah. Do it. Hold on. You can't say the S-ing a brick thing. All right, Ed. Sorry, guys. Thank you. He just went ballistic. Yeah, you guys rock. Oh, yeah. We totally rock. We've got a lawyer, a retired detective. All right. Kenny, what's up? Hey, how are you doing? I'm retired off the job. Listen, lawyers are useless at central booking. Nobody's going to get to see them. There's no sense in sending lawyers there. Yeah. If they're going to send them through the system, it's very unlikely. They're only misdemeanors. They're not going to tie up the system with a whole busload of guys. It's ridiculous. Prostitution is a B misdemeanor. These guys are getting charged with a misdemeanor. It's like shoplifting. But the public nuisance part of it is what might be a problem. Those guys are probably public morals guys. That's why they're saying you guys might be in the jackpot, but I wouldn't worry. It's very unlikely. Very unlikely. All right. Thank you, Kenny. Bye. Bye. Bye. Great. Good. Wonderful. How does something so good turn so bad so quickly? And if I could quote myself. No, what? You're going to start counting quotes now? No, I just want to quote myself. Okay. But I thought we were all just having fun. Just having fun. We almost made it. They were so close to the station. We were able to bring the teen voyeur bus all the way down to Wall Street from 57th. Yeah. We turned around. We were on six. We had no clue. Then everything was fine because we actually had some people, cops escorting the van or the bus. Right. So we figured everything was cool. So we decided to take 6th Avenue all the way back up to the station with the teen voyeur bus. And then we find out that that was part of the route that the president and Secret Service were using or something. I guess so. And all of a sudden, all hell broke loose around 40th Street and 6th Avenue. And our brothers, our pals, our teenagers have all been arrested, thrown into a paddy wagon. Yeah. Psycho Mark, being the psychotic mother effort that he is, was able to... He actually called from the... He was able to get out of his plastic handcuffs to call us from the back of the paddy wagon. Yeah. And there are a lot of people questioning if this is real or not. Oh, yeah. It's... No, I don't even want to address that. It's as real as it gets. I feel bad for the girls and Lewis Black and Jim Norton. Lewis Black is too neurotic to deal with this. Like, I can understand even... You know, I feel bad for Rick and Psycho Mark and stuff. But for the most part, they know when they go into these things that there are chances that something might happen and they have to deal with it. But the girls, I mean, geez, they're just friggin' teen girls. Hot teen girls. And now they're going to be run through the system, as they say. Yeah. There's another police officer that doesn't want his name on the radio, but he wants to say something. Sir? Yeah, how you doing, guys? Listen, I'm an officer. I'm not going to mention my name, but I just want to let you guys know that it's going to be a long process from what I hear. And it really sucks because everybody loves your show and the made it. Well, no comment on that right now. All right. We don't want to make any... Well, I would add you guys cool. And the NYPD is always looking after you guys. Now we know that. It was going so smooth. Thank you. It was just rolling right along, wasn't it? Let me go to Jerry. Jerry has some advice for us. Jerry, what's up? Yeah, how you doing? I worked with the city before. Yeah. And you guys, you've got to defuse this thing. You've got to get on the air. You've got to tell the people, bus ain't coming. It's over. And, you know, that's going to work a lot better for you when you go down and try and get these girls out. Wait, wait, wait. What are you talking about? What bus? The bus with the girls. It's not coming. We know that. I think everyone knows that. Yeah, but you've got people on the street still standing around. Oh, no, no. We're not standing waiting, believe me. I don't think people are, you know, that stupid. The show's supposed to be over by now. Yeah, the bus is definitely not coming up 6th Avenue. It's definitely not coming back to the Brooklyn Diner. Didn't the guy just say there's crowds in the streets though? No, there's crowds outside this building with a whole bunch of media swarming because they want a comment from Aunt Nye. Yo, you guys got to make some kind of an effort to defuse it. I can't take this guy. Thank you. I can't take it. And talk. Lunatic. There's nothing to defuse. No, there's nothing to defuse. All right, I'll defuse the situation. Obviously, everyone knows that the bus has been impounded pretty much. Everyone's been arrested. So obviously, the bus isn't making up 6th Avenue. I think people can figure that out for themselves. I don't think it's happening. And as far as everyone waiting outside the Brooklyn Diner for Opie and Anthony to show up and the media, could you please go home? Yeah, nothing to see here. There you go. We just defused it. Nothing to see here. I'm sure the media who are a bunch of vultures. Yeah, they'll just listen to us and they'll go home now. Yeah, OK. There you go. Is that what you wanted? F and tool. Oh, so now we got to what? Wait, defuse the situation. I think the situation defused on its own. Everyone can figure it out. They're not stupid. They got to, um, they got to be there by now. You know, they had a police escort. We have a few people working on it. Let's just put it that way. And if they could get info, they will. They'll get it. Anthony. Um, black Earl. What? Hmm. I think he's whispering about a referring with about an attorney to Ben Ben's then then attorneys. And yes, and that was good. Oh, it didn't pan out to be anything. Great. It's so hard to get information, but we're projecting a winner in the election is Bush. Another police officer. I think he's got to answer these phones a lot. Yeah, a lot quicker, a lot quicker. Let a rep man. Let's go to another police officer. Sir, sir, sir. Hello. If you will. Yes. You're live in the air with hope you Anthony. Yes. Hello. What's going on? This thing is going to escalate a little farther than they're saying to you. When, uh, when Clinton finds out that he missed a busload of naked chicks, you're going to answer real hard. I love you guys. Love you. Bye. Bye. People being wise asses. This is Weisenheimer's. You don't need humor at this point. No, we just need information. I don't think, uh, I don't think we're going to get any new information though. We hear from the cops. We like that because it gives us a little insight on, on what's going on and what they'll go through. But I mean, I would like direct information from somebody at central booking when they get there, what's happening, where they're going to be sent. Is it overnight? Can they get out? You could speculate and say, if, if this guy is, uh, as nasty as some people have called and said he is that they might stay overnight. But we need some sure information. Ben just talked to our agent, Anthony, and Ben has this to pass on to us. All right. Our agent, not surprised, not surprised by our, by our antics. Why? He's got to deal with it. We thought everything was going okay. I mean, we had a motorcade. We didn't think there was going to be any problems right in. No, I don't know what happened. The whole city was coming together today and really into what we were doing. They were. I was there one. I was there one problem when what was going on when Rick called and said, like cops are swarming like crazy. I'm like, but the cops have been, you know, that's what it is leading you guys. Oh, there's confusion sometimes. We're all happy. Like, wow, look at this, the cops, everyone's cool. They're going to get the bus back to, you know, 57th and seventh. And we're all going to have a good laugh. I mean, the thing is with the police department, just like the other cop called up and said, like any organization, there's a hierarchy. There are people that understand things and then people that don't. There are people that enjoy what we do. There are people that don't. So just because a bunch of cops love the show and listen to it, there are a few that don't. And when an order comes down to arrest everyone on the voyeur bus, the cops that enjoy the show and like it and have a good relationship with us, there really isn't anything they could do about it, especially when it's the lieutenants and brass and Giuliani's people and the Secret Service. So then we, these things happen now. Now we got to deal with it. Anthony, we have an expert on the line to help us out with what our crew can expect from central booking. All right. Old dirty, everybody. Oh, Jesus Christ. Oh, day. Oh, my God. Oh, dirty. Oh, dirty. What is going on? This is what's going to happen. They just unloaded them all at the precinct. Right. How do you know? Believe me, I know these things. Yeah, this is all dirty used to work with the court. I used to work with the courts and I've also been a victim of the court. Well, I know both sides of the fence. So now what? What's the deal? Check this out, dog. Check it. They're going to unload them out, right? They're going to separate the females from the males, whatever. Then the arresting officers, I guess, you know, they're going to take a collar, you know what I'm saying? Right after the report, everybody got to be fingerprinted. The warrants got to get checked. They're going to sit in the precinct for a little while. Then the boss is going to come over from central booking and take them to court. Forget it, dude. And they're probably going to get out Friday night, Saturday morning, the earliest. Oh, stop. No, I'm serious. Yo, I'm telling you, if the mayor, if that article from the top, they're F. They're going to run them through the system so F-ing slow, it's not even going to be funny, dude. I'm telling you. I got caught behind something like that too, man. Them inspectors, dude, they ain't no dude. All right, relax. We don't want to piss anyone else off. Yeah, no, no, no doubt, no doubt. That's not what they're going to. That's coming from me. That's coming from me, dog. All right. Yo, close the door, man. The feed back, son. The feed back. You heard? All right, old dirty. We're going to let you know. You know what's funny? What? I was on my way over there. I ran into, I ran into like the train going running right coming out of Queens. I'm like, I'm going to come back. Oh, my God, if I would have been there, dog. Yeah, you would have been on that bus. Yeah, man. Yo, good luck, fellas, man. I'm pulling for you, baby. All right, thank you. Peace, baby. Bye. Did Lewis Black have a show tonight? No, but Jim Norton did at Rascals. Yeah, Jim Norton was filling in for Stephen Lynch who said he was sick. So we might have screwed over Rascals. Maybe if they could call, tell us what they're doing over there so we don't totally screw them. Lewis Black is supposed to be at Carolines right now to entertain a political fundraiser. Mark Green's run for mayor. Come on. Yeah, special agent Reigns. What is that? See, there might be people just effing with us, which we don't appreciate right now. We don't have patience for them either today. Special agent Reigns. Good evening, gentlemen. Wait, wait, are you real? Hold on a second. I'm speaking to you. Hold on. You're not real. Can you gentlemen say you're so stupid? Uh-huh. Anthony, I do believe that was a prank call. Yeah, I would think so. So now I went mayor on what? No, he isn't. I love the rumors that go around. Paul. Paul. Yeah, I'm here. Hey. I got to go quick because someone's going to be coming in the next room anyway. The mayor set it down. There's a couple of news stations headed down. And those folks are going to get out on Friday night, guys. They're going to make an example. An example of what? So Paul, how do you know that the mayor's going down a big thing? My buddy does the fingerprinting. He just called me. He said, listen, I know you listed the ONA and the ONA is going to be the next mayor. And I said, well, I'm going to go ahead and do it. And he said, well, I'm going to go ahead and do it. You don't know what to believe. It's a media frenzy. And we're getting all kinds of info. We don't know if it's real or not. We haven't heard from anyone from the bus, though. That's one thing we're sure of. Anyone call us back yet? Big Tim is trying to track them down downstairs. No, I mean like anyone. Wink, wink, nudge, nudge. Have they called us back to get some info? Tuff? No, no, no. In the process. In the process? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. So now this guy's serious. Not a lot of people just being deets. Yeah. King, what's going on? ONA. Oh, man, let me tell you. I got a story for you guys. I'm over there. I work at our Midtown South, right? I don't want to get on my first thing because all the guys know me as Big Bob. Let me just tell you. I was sitting there. I was talking to one of the... So he goes, I don't want anyone to know me because all the guys know me as Big Bob. Right. He says it on the air. Let's see. All those arrested and charged are just held overnight. Processing shall appear before magistrate. Oh, well. Hey, Alan, what's going on? Alan! Alan, don't listen to the goddamn radio. Alan! Look, he's listening to the radio and laughing. Alan, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're the one laughing. Alan! Oh, it's Mike. Well, Mike, whatever you're told, we're talking to you on the phone. Oh, all right. My name is Mike, not Alan. But you hear us talking through your phone. What happened? Nothing. What do you have for the show? All right. I'm sorry. I know it's stressful today, guys. But what happened right now is that they're deciding whether to take them to central booking or to the precinct because everybody followed the whole cavalcade of cops and everything down to where they are. You got Channel 2, Channel 4, Channel 7. It's like a mob scene down there. Yeah. And the citywide scanners, you can hear during the whole procedure, the cops, which really sucked, because the cops were saying, like, you know, let them go. You heard them talking to each other. It was like a real BS thing, you know? But you had a ton of inspectors come down there. It was a mob scene. But right now, they're stuck between central booking and the precinct. And that's where it stands right now. All right. Thank you, Alan. You got it. Mike, Mike. Mike, sorry. All right. Channel 2 is on the line. Who is this? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hi. Who is this? My name is Jonas. Jonas? I'm calling from the assignment desk at Channel 2. I was just looking for a statement. Channel 2? Mm-hmm. Really? Yeah. Any way to prove that? Yeah. What's going on in the background? Scanners. Scanners. Okay. And what do you do? I'm a news assistant. So you're looking for a statement for this what, story? Mm-hmm. You're sending people down to the, to follow the people from the bus? Yeah. Yeah. You don't sound real. Yeah, you kind of don't sound like a news guy. Yeah, that's why I'm not on air. Huh? That's why I'm not on air. Who are you gathering information for? Channel 2. WCBS. Yeah. Your affiliates. Right. Well, obviously, this is an outrage. Jonas? Outrage. It's an outrage. Which guy is speaking? I'm sorry. Oh. OP and the other guy. Oh. OP and then Anthony. Okay. Now, I am Anthony. Thank you. I was speaking in a high voice. No, it's an outrage. And we had this thing going for the entire show. It was very nice. People were laughing, having a good time. And then all of a sudden, people swarmed down and took people to jail that were on the bus. What crime was committed? What the hell is that? It's a crime? Please. You guys really don't know what it is? Jonas? Yeah. It's OP. Yes. My quote, I thought we were all just having fun. That's a good one, I think. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks, guys. All right, bye. So, you said, I thought we were just having fun. I said, I'm outraged. I stole Reverend Al's line. Assistant DA on line. Hey, what's up, guys? I didn't want to get my first name. All right. The only two things I could think of them possibly getting charged with are disorderly conduct, which is kind of a catch-all, or inappropriate attire, which usually people at the beach get charged with when they walk around naked. They're both violations. They're not misdemeanors, which means that they shouldn't be printing them. First of all, second of all, it doesn't stay on their records. I mean, a violation is technically punishable after 15 days in jail, but they're not going to do any jail time. Right. So, it's going to be like pretty much a fine, and that's it. All right. Thank you. No problem. All right. And we got some info. All right. Ben just talked to one of our connections. Yeah. And Ben is going to tell us what one of our peeps, what is happening. And I think we have to do this off air. So, we're going to play the elevator music. Oh, okay. Please hold on. We will be back in a couple of seconds. Enjoy the elevator music for a few seconds while we discuss this amongst ourselves. Please stay tuned. We will be back in a second. We now return you to the Opie and Anthony show. Hey, what's up? Hey, Anthony. All right. That was interesting information. And great. We can't even tell you what was just told to us. We can't tell you. What can we actually say even about it? Wow. It's it's. Oh, no, no, I won't. I won't. I'm just going to say any details. It's it's getting ugly. Yeah. Is that good? It's getting ugly. Hmm. Someone from the mayor's office is online. Three, you think? Hold on. Now we had to dump out of you. So I better not be on the air. All right. Hold on. Let's go back to the music. No, let's go back to the elevator music. All right. Please hold during this lovely elevator music as we speak with the guy from the mayor's office. We now return you to the Opie and Anthony show. That guy was a dick. He was he was real, though. Yeah. There was someone from the mayor's office yet info, but then he thought we were then he thought we were tape. And so he hung up on us. We were not taping you like something must have happened. I think it was called waiting on his partner clicked and he went, you're taping me. They have downstairs. I have. Hey, what's up, guys? What's going on downstairs? The news vans that were here seem to have gone off somewhere. Yes. Yeah. And maybe they listened to me. But I said there was nothing to see here. Yeah. All right. I talked to somebody from Channel two and they said that they couldn't tell me what was going on. And the police absolutely refused to talk to me at all. Right. So I don't know. There's pretty much nothing going on. It looked like there was a flurry for a minute and then it all seemed to go away rather quickly. Is that a weather forecast? Yeah, there was a flurry of activity is what I meant. Yes. And now there seems to be none. So. All right. All right. Thank you. Anything changes calls back. You know, I'll tell you one thing. They better just treat everybody that was on that bus nicely. And by that, I mean, don't be a prick and hold them there just for the sake of, well, now let's let him simmer a while just to make a point. You know what I mean? If it's available and they could run him through, they ought to just run him through, do whatever you're going to do. But playing games is pretty stupid. Steve, what's going on? Hey, what's up? This is Brian. You just got out of the car. Listen, we're Manhattan task force. We're heading down. It is called the level one mobilization that brings a hundred cops over to the scene. There's supposed to be 60 people outside of the precinct down there. We're going to have to take care of business down there. Boy, we're going to treat everybody. All right. I hope those pricks inside don't rough them up though. All right. Thank you, Steve. Now there's our listeners like hanging outside the police station. All right. Who's Joe? Let's go to Joe. Joe, what's going on? How are you guys doing? I'm in Newark. I work for FEMA, Federal Emergency Management Administration. Yeah. And I called a couple of minutes ago because we were put on notice about a half hour ago and I'm looking at stuff now that was pulled on you guys over the course, I guess, of your career. It's just one line information. It goes back to issues in Boston with the mayor. Why is that? Why is that getting pulled? I have no idea. But it's stuff that we get copied on. So somebody's doing some background checking on you guys pretty quickly. There's only one group that can do it that fast. All right. Best wishes. There's some bad things in my past. Yeah. Gorilla Boy on the line. Gorilla Boy. Hi, guys. Hi, guys. I hope to God you don't have a... You're not plugging, man. No, I'm not plugging. He's supposed to... I ain't that desperate for a plug. He's supposed to play rascals tonight. Well, here's the thing. I am going to add, I am searching for a headliner. I am bad luck. I'm supposed to work with Lynch. He gets consolidated. Now I have the opportunity to work with Norton and he's in jail. Right. He gets arrested. I don't believe... You should have had Clinton as a guest host. All right, dude. We got to go back. Someone's from the mayor's office. All right, buddy. Hi. Is it the mayor's office? It's the same guy. All right. Please hold on to this elevator music and we get more information. Hold on. Yeah. Thanks for waiting. We're now returning to our regularly scheduled program. That was a big one. Trying to get information here. Well, let's see if this is real. Mike, I heard from Wendy, incest girl who is on the teen boyer bus. Mike, Mike, what's up? Yeah. Hey. You just called me Wendy. That's your sister. Yeah. Wait, are you the guy that felt her up? What? No. He has found the guy that felt her up. Okay, now... No, no. Okay. What info could she give? Did she give you... She said you guys should defuse the situation. Oh, is this the same jerk out? Get on the rooftops and defuse it. Dude, you are a fool. Go ahead. Listen to yourself on the radio. There you go. You're happy there. Okay? And why don't we take a break and we'll just... Yeah. I think we're going to wrap this up soon because now it's getting stupid. Yeah, it's getting stupid and we're not getting real information. We would love to sit here and give you people info as it comes into our lives. But for some reason, tolls call up. All right, we'll be back. Oh, and I rule! Conquerors, you bastards! 1027 WNEW. I learned something today. What? You and I never learn. I don't get it. I honestly don't get it. We can tell people that we have a high-powered attorney on the case. Yeah. Thank you, thank you, thank you. You know who you are. It's a big gun. We're not pulling around. Oh, yeah, no, this is serious. It's a big gun, though. He's making some calls. People are actually writing saying, I missed the show today. What happened? To put it in a nutshell, we had a new teen voyeur bus driving down Broadway and then back up 6th Avenue. Took almost the whole show. A lot of people calling in with their sightings and everything. They ended up with a pretty big police escort, went down to Wall Street. On the way back, they got to where? About 40th. 40th Street. They were pulled over by... Not one, not two. ...higher-up brass cops, sheriffs, paddy wagons. The bus was boarded, everyone was taken off and subsequently taken down to a police station. And from everything we kept coming through, they're going to be run through the system. The classic, though, was Psycho Mark calling us from the back of the paddy wagon. The people include Melanie, 18, Wendy, 19, Jesse, 19, Jackie, 19. Renee jumped off the bus before it left. Renee, one of the teens that got scared of the huge crowd in front of Carnegie Hall when the bus left, so she left the bus. Aquila and Tisha, the two girls from Voyabus, they all got taken down. Psycho Mark, Steve C. from Foundry Music, Rick, Louis Black from The Daily Show, who's too neurotic, he can't handle something like this. Norton, Jim Norton, who opened up for Dice, who was supposed to be playing at Rascals tonight filling in for Stephen Lynch, who got sick. Right. And the bus driver, I believe that's it. I believe that was everyone on the bus. They all got taken down. Now, we don't know. Something, we keep getting info, but we're not sure. Well, let's see if this police officer has any info. Sir? Yes. What's up? This is the best information you're going to get. Okay. They're going to be arrested on a decon, which is a disorderly conduct. Okay. They're going to get put through the system. The latest they'll be let out, the latest they'll probably get let out at 8 o'clock in the morning. They're going to probably get to the earliest arraignment. If not, they'll be getting out any time before 2 a.m. This is still all speculation? No, this isn't speculation. Oh, really? Yes. All right. Nudge, nudge, wink, wink, not speculation? Correct. Okay. They can get out as early as they can. They can get out as early as 2 a.m. They can get out as late as 8 a.m. in the morning. All right, as opposed to 8 a.m. at night. So we've got a long night ahead of us. Correct. So the best I can tell you to do is just keep... If you do have a lawyer on the case, it's the best thing because the quicker the lawyer gets down to central booking, the quicker they'll get the quicker the case will be seen. Yeah. So because the lawyers, even if you say it's a high-powered attorney, if he knows somebody on the inside, they can get him in and out as fast as possible. So the latest, they could probably be in there until the the last dinner break, which is 1130. They break from 1130 to 1230, and then they're back from 1 to 2, and then after 2 o'clock, certain courts close. All right. Now, it does sound like you're legit. What can Aunt and I do? What can you and Aunt do? Should we go down there? What should we do? Should we wait for a call? Just to be totally honest with you, I wouldn't go down if I were you. All right. That's good info. I don't know. Hello? Yeah. Yeah. So that's the best I can tell you. I have to go now. All right. All right. All right, man. Thank you, buddy. No problem. I think that's a little information. I think that's good info right there. What happened to the CNN report? I think there was an ulterior motive. There was an ulterior motive there, too. I think they got a lot of good footage of this so they could do the story and then ratted it out to the mayor's office. Could be. Yeah, CNN was on the bus. That is a fact. We also have a guy that just feedback that looks like he left a number and stuff from the New York Post. I don't think we could really talk about this off the air until we see what goes on. Yeah, give him a call. Who is this? Turn around. Give him a call, Rick. Here it is. Hold on. Let me get it for you. And then call him up and say we really can't talk about it right now. But if he listens on the air, we said it all on the air. We pretty much have been saying everything on the air. Oh, my God, this instant feedback. There it is. You know that guy? Let me see. Hold on. Let me turn it around. Let me see. Use those new eyes. Wait, where am I looking? Oh, yeah, I do. Oh, OK. Yeah, there's a number. That's not a cute radio columnist. That's like one of the big legs. It's always cute to get your name in the little David Hinckley radio column or John Manelli's column. If he wants to call us and talk to us on the air, that's fine. Yeah, call him on the air. We've always been fine with talking on the air because it's our shop. You know, whatever we say is on the air. Janitor from the station. Watch, I've got to go up the phone too and I've got the door locked. Listen, I'm sitting there. I see the one... Wait, wait, wait, wait, buddy. Yeah. This is way too real. We're not trying to do a radio... He's doing a radio bit. You know what he's doing? I can tell right from what he said. See? He had to say it because I had him pegged in a second. Cool. That was a good try, though. Joe, what's up? Hey, guys, I called earlier from FEMA in Newark and in regard to some information we're getting copied on and one of the things that we just got copied on about 40 minutes ago was that there's an investigation taking place in regards to a breach of integrity of a secured route, basically with a motorcade going down in the 60 minutes within prior to like a president or any state official going into a security area. And ruining traffic, right? No, no, it's the highest level of security and you breached it. Also... And that's why FEMA and the Social Security... I mean, two conservatives are investigating. And what they're looking for is cause and effect of what caused that breach. And that's a real serious offense and probably more serious than some of these people being on the bus. So I think there's an underlying thing that's being investigated here which would probably would involve... I don't think a mayor would get too upset about whatever it was, naked people, whatever being on the bus. Well, maybe right in front of City Hall and help. Good luck, man. All right, thank you, Judge. Thanks. Let's go to Jimmy. Jimmy, what's up? Okay, I was outside a police station and I saw the bus driver was let out. They took his information and since he was hired, they just took his information and let him out. And I saw the bus and I was very injured and I wanted to sue them. Damn it, you ass wipes. Another tool. We're going to have to get off. You know something? Look, I'm going to say it. We tried to stay on the air until something's remedied. And what happens after our show is over at 7 o'clock? Jerk-offs call when we're trying to get real info. What do you think this is? You know, you're going to call up and get your little voice on the air? Ooh, Eric Hauer, what's up? Hey, what's up, guys? I'm from New York One. I was just wondering what is going on. We're kind of late in the game in New York too. I called up one of my correspondents. They said there's some kind of naked boy nearby. Now, as you know, there's a naked boy nearby. Now, is this true? And what was the point of this? Was this just another stunt? Ah ha ha ha. Yeah, so just, you know, we can't even stay on the air and do this. There's now a ton of people. There's now you just get jackasses calling. God, poor Don and Mike. They're lucky they're not on live. If this is the caliber of ass-f's that call up after 7 o'clock, I'm so glad I get off the air. Rich. Hey, how you guys doing? Listen, the idiot they called before, it's not an econ. He wasn't a cop. First of all, it's discon, not econ, okay? Dicon fogo. Yeah, exactly. That moron. You don't go through the system, it's a criminal court summons. It's the pink part of the summons. They do a warrant check. They don't print you. They send you on your way. You just have to produce like a traffic ticket. It's more speculation. It's all it is. Yeah. Now, my other question would be is the bus is not a public place. The definition of discon is intent to cause public annoyance or alarm, and then there's like seven subs below it. But it has to be in a public place. A bus is not a public place. So, you know, I don't see where they're going with this. Yeah, well... They're probably going to give them more discon summons and the summons will all be thrown out in court. That's what this comes down to. The problem is, what happens afterwards as far as disposing of this whole thing you know, whatever happens, happens. But right now, they can do whatever they want. You know, they could arrest them. They could run them through the system. Listen, I don't see that as, you know, in this administration, a public relation nightmare. They're going to put, you know... My other question is, the people that run Void bus, did they research this? Because I remember somebody earlier saying that women didn't win the right to go topless. You know, I mean, I don't work on patrols, so I don't know. I don't know the engine out for that. We'll see what happens. I don't see this as a big problem, guys. All right, Rich, thank you. You guys will, take it easy. Thank you. We really should get Tony from Rascals on because we F'd up his weld. Hey, Tony, sorry, man. No problem. How are you guys doing? We had your headliner arrested. We love Rascals. Yeah. I know you guys are great help. You know, you're great help. We got the third string in. We got the fairway in. We got the fabulous Paul Bond tonight. Okay. Yeah. Very cool. All right, Paul's down there. Yeah. We like Paul. Who else? He's Rob Talcone. I think you know Rob. Yeah. And Gorilla Boy? And Gorilla Boy, yeah. All right, there you go. Yeah. We're in good shape. Yeah, as long as they don't get arrested, I'll be right there. Hey, Tony, we'll make it up to you, all right? Hey, we appreciate everything you guys do for us. All right, man. We love you. All right. Peace. Yeah, we... We're going to be rascals tonight. I believe there's a lot of comedy involved with this whole mess, but... Someday we'll all laugh about it, right, Anthony? Yeah. You know, I honestly think we should just get off the air because now it's just getting stupid. We really want to stay on to, you know, and try to figure out what the hell is going on, but... Mm-hmm. Too many people just effing... Yeah, they just racket. We can't be sifting through 10 jerk-off phone callers to get the one that's actually legit, so... Yeah. You know, sorry, we'd like to hang out, but there are too many ass-f's that don't know how to... I don't know, don't know how to call a radio station without trying to do some kind of wacky bit or something that might have been relevant in 1988. But there you go. We'll keep you updated. And to tell you the truth, if I hear anything or Opie hears anything and tells me or something, if Opie doesn't want to do it or something, I'll call Ron and Fez later on. Oh, yeah. No, I'll do it, too. Give an update to anybody who wants to hear it, and maybe the people on the message board then could get on and let everyone know. See, now someone's on the line going, they're letting the girls go. Yeah, but now... We don't know! I'll ask them out there, can I know where they are? All right, good idea, yeah, see that. You know what? Don and Mike do have one good idea that they do with the other one, they have more than one good idea. When it comes to phone calls, though, they have a good idea. They make the people give them the phone number, then they call back. And then if it's a bull-ass, you give the phone number out to everybody. Right. And they call and hound them. Ah, look, see? Where'd it go? Where'd that call go, Ben? He's a liar! Of course. So how the hell are we supposed to stay on the air and do something? Hotline? Seems like someone's a little jealous and trying to get in on this. Yeah. Not important. Huh? Not important on line six. Oh, OK. Yeah, on the hotline for our show. Not important. Why would he type not important? What is that? All right, all the same info's coming in, so we're going to leave and just wait and wait. Or just someone from Ron and Fez. What? Someone from Ron and Fez just calling in, nothing. All right. Just about later. Here, keep that door open. This is how sick it is out there. Listen to the phones. There's like two or three people answering the calls trying to get info. Call Ron and Fez. OK, now I know this is a stupid-ass ratings bit. Oh, yeah. That's what it is. Like, we just don't want to call later on maybe to let some listeners know what's happening. Hey, SF, when you see the whole freaking story on CNN, then tell us it's a stupid radio bit. It's a radio bit. What a jerk. Ask the thousands of people that saw the teen voyeur bus today. That's our limit, I guess. Seven o'clock. After that, it's a bunch of f-ing C words. Ugh. You disgust me. Goodbye. Sorry for the people that really wanted us to hang out. I'm really, I apologize, but that's it. Sorry. Unfortunately, we can't get the addresses of these people so you could go over and beat their f-ing heads in. That would be nice. Yeah, it's the same old crap. It's the same crap. We don't feel like being funny right now. Sorry. No. Sorry for that. All right, Ant. All right. Um... Ugh. Ugh. I guess we'll see you tomorrow. Yeah, we'll see you tomorrow and let you know what the hell happened. Let's see if we can go back. Maybe there's messages on our machines or something. That's what I'm hoping for. All right. To the ONA Army and our faithful listeners, thank you very much. Yeah, thanks. Everyone else, go f yourselves. Yeah. Line one. Well... Ugh. WHISTLING What a load. Boom, boom. Just waiting to see what line one is. I guess Ben is confirming it will leave the C. It turned yellow. Huh? Thought it might be important, unfortunately. These A-holes keep... All right, yeah, we're done. We're done. We're done. Thank you. Thank you.