 I was on my way to Jersey and I took a wrong turn. I said, where am I going? I came in and I said, listen to you guys. It's so funny. I'm doing a news interview across the hall at WNS. Ten ten wins, all news. They still use the teletype. I said, I've enlisted it to you guys. You guys are sick, man. I'm telling you. We try. I come in and I'm here with my... I honestly listen to you. I'm driving back from the city or somewhere and I'm in the car and I go to Jersey. Wait, wait. Prove that you listen to our show. We get some people that say, hey man, I listen to you guys and then they can't come up with anything. I am embarrassed because usually I listen to INS or WCBS because I am an exciting guy. So now I listen to you guys and you start with the Buddy Epson thing. That's how I call it. Oh yeah, calling Buddy. But you were kind to Buddy. We love Buddy. You were kind to Buddy, I'm telling you. This one got me. The breast implant thing where they blow the breast implant in with the... That was from the sex ball. You guys are tuning in. I'm looking for Scott Muni and I'm getting breast implants. Yo, help me out here. What did they do to my station? The lady goes and I'm listening. And you got her to say... It was actually very interesting in a medical sense. She had like a valve in her breast or something. It was like a basketball under there. The same thing. She pumps it up with a golf club. Any size. She goes home and she pumps them up. I couldn't believe that. It was at the point of ripping when we saw them. It was disgusting. So as soon as... It was either between the classical station or you guys. And so I stayed with the breast implant thing. Did you meet Vixen yet? Hi, the nude woman. How are you? Very nice to see you. Very nice to see you. The New Jersey girl. My wife is listening. She's from Jersey. You've got her clothes on now. She's from Jersey. Of course, she's from Jersey. She's four foot six there. It is. I wrote this line. What exit is what the... Let's see if I guess. What exit is what the... She doesn't drive. She doesn't drive. She can't reach it. I don't drive. You can't drive from those child seats. See, Joe, while you were doing that boring interview at WINS, we had Vixen, four six, eighty three pounds, completely naked playing nude hopscotch. Ralph Howard said he's going to do that across the whole thing. Ralph Howard. We're going to play... Right after traffic and weather. I'll be taking my clothes off. Hey, can we do that? And playing Twister. Oh my gosh, there's condoms in front of me. Although those haven't been used. I'm a nice Catholic Italian boy from Jersey. Come on now. I'm sorry I brought them. You think they're really? As a kind of a gift. That's very nice. And her husband's standing there. Joe and Vixen hitting it off. Yeah, yeah. We should bring Vixen up to 10-10. Oh, 10-10 wins. In the middle of traffic and weather together. Traffic and weather to holy shit. Oh, you guys are so gay. Is our husband smiling? Yeah, yeah. Logan loves this crap. That's Logan. And how did they meet? How did you guys meet, if I may ask? At a Chuck E Cheese. No, you're serious. You were entertaining the children, were you? She was in that big thing with the little multicolored balls in it that they love to jump in so much. You guys, you got to tell me. So listen to you and you got a good thing going. How do you find a guest like this? Because I was coming in the door out there trying to get in with a no security guard or anything. No, of course. They're hoping something happens to us because you know that the station management doesn't want to spend $5 an hour. So some guys wanted to come in. They were standing. Are they in here? Yeah, we let them in. Just like that? Why not? They were like bribing me to get in. They got anything on you? Nah, come on in. We let all our listeners in pretty much. As long as you don't look too scared. Oh gosh, be careful. Are they frightening? No, actually they're nice guys. I was just saying that. They're nice. Oh, great guys. Let me leave before they come in. What were you talking about? Up at wins. No, no. You know what? We're doing a television show and I know you guys always have fun but seriously I do a television show for at risk kids. I was a bad kid. I was such a bad kid. I'm still bad because I listen to you guys I guess. But I try to give back a little bit so we created a foundation called the Positive Impact Foundation and we created a show off of that called Positive Impact Television. It's a half hour show for at risk children. All the good things that the kids are doing. It will be on NBC, the NBC affiliate here on Labor Day weekend actually. So I'm getting old guys and I've got to give back a little bit. No, no, no. That's cool. Well you know what? These kids are so maligned and when you go to Camden, you go to Newark, you go to Jersey City or Paterson, no one gets a chance. These kids virtually do not get a chance and they're born at the situations that they have no control over. Half the ping pong, half the ping pong. Hey guys, you asked. You asked. You guys are so bad. You're a comedian. We're just kidding. Come on. Hey listen, I'll be laughing when you're all talking about a month.