 How's it going? Good night then, everybody! Those of those watching are the folks who have already invited our panizer guest to join them at this night, at the Satsang Swaminar초. And welcome, Harry Sargent. and uh... uh... that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that unbelievable and i love listening to that guy but i wonder what they're talking about on the fan this afternoon well i don't know what i mean that uh... we're listening to the family and yes we were and uh... my god time she was on he is this guy a little full of himself just a little bit well that time and i say that you are not going to well that's right i am i'm great i'm the greatest thing ever to come out of the match uh... he's just got to see his company he sure does and that was fun isn't you know it's going to be tough to fill in the carver's shoes over there well i'm confident that i am a kind of a lot of credit you know he wasn't terrible and then we had that kind of data but i'm not going to have anything up to that point a little bit saying that's right and then they had a lot of evidence and i had a and i thought that uh... i don't think that the and yes it is that you friday we are ready to rack and roll once again for you guys today once again we turn the show over to the people of voice their gripes yeah pictures that they've had over the week and that it can i throw out the first f u whole actually i'll let my morgan from a story of throw it out i would like to send a big f you to the nba for trying to palm off this sham season on us i hope they all developed career-ending knee problems in the first week well i mean you know you can be a obviously uh... the taking it's time to play one fact that they know i think that the uh... time of the blackout black black black that they couldn't play another lock out that's what i said i can't lockout consider Friday Reading but included weekend segment and berry describe it's a Saturday and and that uh... lessana you had a very happy ok behind like a big F you to all the scientists who give up as if Pluto should be called the planet or not. Yeah, this is barical. All these geeky scientists are arguing over whether Pluto is big enough to be considered a planet. Yes. And Jerry writes that we have an ozone problem, world hunger, homeless people, etc. And these douchebags are sitting around with poles up their ass discussing what it should be called. Who gives a effing rat's ass? Thanks for your time, you guys. Effing rules. Funny, do we even know there is a Pluto? I mean, come on. Who cares? The thing is billions of miles away, right? Like I think there's more things to worry about here. There you go. All right, we're just getting started here today. Yeah. Send your effs using through the fax machine is the best way today. 212-957-W-I-D-W or you can use the instant feedback. Everyone's still commenting about Tara. My Lord, you guys. How many emails did we read before we went on the air today? Five. Well, 300 came in the time I was sitting in the office alone. Yeah. And then tack that onto the 200 that were waiting when we got here. Yeah, we've got over 500. At least. So what I must say at this point in time, don't be mad if we don't write you back because at this point it's impossible. All right. If you could take one more. The freak says she's cute but not model material, more nude biker bar type material. Well, should we put this one to rest, you think? Definitely. We have read all the feedback on Tara and most people admit that she is a lovely lady. She's beautiful, has an unbelievable face, probably could be a model, but she is not playboy material. Right. That's what everyone's saying. That is the majority of what has been said the last three days. And that's fine. And now we lay it to rest. Well, now what I'm thinking. We're also getting a lot of email from ladies who think they have a better body than Tara. OK. So I see smoke coming out of Opie's ears. So if you've seen Tara's picture on the NAW website by now and you think you have a better body, a body that is good enough for playboy, I think you need to get a hold of us. Oh, people come, the girls come down here. Well, Tara's pictures will stay up there until someone beats her. Oh, I like this. You know what I mean? We get another girl down here. Yes, who thinks she's better than Tara. Yes. We take her picture. Yes. Put it on the web. With Tara and then have everyone vote if Tara's been dethroned. Ah. As the hottest natural babe to be in the Opie and Anthony studio. Yeah, only natural girls. We're going natural. We're not looking at implants or anything like that. No implants for the boys. That's an unfair advantage. That's right. Oh, I like that. Well, you're lovely, you've got a real nice natural look and you've maybe had some fantasies about posing topless and want guys to look at your topless pictures. Correct. We'll pop you on the website. That's right. We'll do a little photo shoot and then the guys can judge on who's better. And then you'll be the king of the page. There you go. Queen of the page. Queen of the page until someone beats you. So until then, Tara's pictures will remain up. Could be weeks before she's dethroned. You never know. Guys, comb the area and find a girl you think is worthy. It's Opie and Anthony on FU Friday and Mike from Old Bridge, New Jersey writes a big FU to the ticket scalpers at tonight's Savage show. Hundred fifteen dollars and up. Wow. That's the best. The Rock of New York, 1027WNOW Metallica. Turn the page. Yeah. We're putting something together that is very cool that involves Metallica and you guys, the faithful listeners of N.A.W. We don't have all the details yet, but Black Earl is pumping his fist in the air. He's excited. Earl, we getting close to being able to pop this on the air? Come on. It's got to be soon. We're going to fly you somewhere to see Metallica. We can tell them that much, right Earl? We just did. OK. It's Opie and Anthony. It is FU Friday. I think our favorite day of the week. Yeah. We get to a vent. Exactly. More so than usual. Dear Opie and Anthony, a giant sized FU to the jappy girl who bumped into me this morning at Starbucks. She dumps her coffee all over my black cashmere coat and then demands that I buy her a new coffee because I violated her space. Violated her space? Get a life. FU to her. Good show, Shelby. We've got to get this one out of the way. Gary from the city. What's that? ONA, I would like to send a big FU to the cops who put 41 rounds of bullets into an underarm man outside his apartment. Ouch. You know, I hate those peddlers as much as the next guy, but 41 shots. I think that's a little harsh. Yeah. Well, I guess they were investigating that rapist and oops, wrong guy. Wrong guy. I think the cops freaked out because they went into his apartment and they saw all those pictures of Leonardo DiCaprio hung up in that apartment of his. Yeah. I don't know. Pictures of Leo in his house? I can't think of many guys that hang pictures of Leonardo DiCaprio all over their room. Well, it doesn't merit 41 bullets being shot at you. Maybe they freaked out a little bit. 22 times they said he was hit, something like that, right? That's appalling. That's horrible. You know, get back to the range. 41 shots and you only hit 22. Oh, this is harsh. It's an outrage. Let me move on here to Appenac on FU Friday. I'd like a big FU to be sent out to my wife who won't let me join the Hummer Club. I've been begging for two weeks now. Her name is Missy. We are listening to you right now. Missy, come on. Missy, someone named like Missy you don't expect to join the Hummer Club. This one is a fave of Anthony. FU to all you big fat white trash pigs that insist on wearing skin tight stretch pants to show off your big fat asses. Do you really look in the mirror and think to yourself you look good? Are you F'ing blind you a-holes? That's Jim from Douglas 6. What is going on? These women with the big fat butts and the big beefy thighs wearing those stretch pants, and then they usually wear the heavy sweater that comes down over their ass as the full get up. That's like their get up every day. But you see like the surface of the moon on the back of their thighs. You can see it right through that. You've got the stretch pants and the cellulite working and then the big sweater covering it. Thank God for the big sweater because if not you see the, well I have to say it again, the bunt. It's all I'll say. I think everyone knows what it is. All right. Well look at this. We got a four pack of tickets to Lowes Theater. Movie tickets. Oh cool. I thought that we could have some fun giving these away. We want to give our prizes to our faithful listeners, the people that have been with us for quite a while. Yes listening because we know there are a bunch of concert pigs that all they do is listen to radio stations 24 hours a day to try to win stuff. Hit redial and three phones working. They don't even really care about the radio station. They just listen because they know they're giving stuff away. So we're going to try to make sure it goes to someone that definitely listens to our show. So we're going to start something new on the show today and we're going to do this for now on. Oh, good Anthony trivia. Yeah. See if you guys are paying attention to the radio show. We usually convey maybe some something of our past, maybe something in a bit that you might remember. You'll be quizzed. Yes. And rewarded. Well, it's going to be easy. Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven. The first person that could tell me will start easy, right? Okay. What Popeye calls olive oil's private part. I got that. That's an easy one. All right. Let's go to the phone. Hi, any W. Hi, who's this? This is Jeff Gershwin. We come from it. I'm calling from Manhattan. All right. You got an answer to our question. Yeah, Pusky. There you go. Of course. It's the Pusky. Oh, dude, turn down your radio. Radio's gone. I hate listening to myself in delay. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. It's all right. All right, man. Yeah. See how easy that is? Yeah. And now you got a four pack of tickets to Lowe's Theater. All right. Great. How long have you been listening? I've been listening since you guys started. It was a little rough in the beginning. I'm glad you stuck with us. Yeah, no. You guys are great. Don't worry about it. Stuck through the tough times. I got, got, got, got, oh. Glad you knew it was the Pusky. All right, man. Congrats, Galashkin. Yeah. Hold on the line. Rex, you can take care of it. All right. Thanks a lot. You guys are great. Thank you. We're going to play more stupidity on the way. Getting a bunch of requests for another Stephen Lynch song. We try to play one a day. We could play nine a day. I would love to, but we don't want to burn them out too much. So before four o'clock, I think we'll do If I Was Gay. The Rock of New York, 1027W, N.E.W. Collective Soul from Dosage. That's heavy. Hope and Anthony hanging with you on this FU Friday. Sun is out and we are rocking and rolling. Yeah. Feeling good. Feeling very good. It's been a great week of radio. I had a lot of fun and we're going to continue moving forward here, man. Forging ahead, as they say, Opie. Forging ahead. And we're paying attention to all the email you guys have sent us lately. Yes. But one interesting thing for saying is a lot of people that really, really did not like us at all when we first started, but said that they gave us a chance and now we have finally grown on them. Yeah. And I want to acknowledge you guys for giving us a chance because there was a lot of people at first they hated us. break we did and they left the station and never came back. These were what we called the dark days. Yeah, we're working on our own behind the music special here at FU. When they first got there, they wanted to kill themselves. Right. But thanks for giving us a chance and we want to acknowledge that because we're seeing that in the email a lot lately. Yeah. So thank you, thank you, thank you. A bunch of people calling up. They want to hear Stephen Lynch. Yeah. We're working on a live broadcast that most likely will happen a week from today. We're going to take a few Friday on the road again. We like doing this. The last time we did it was the Bronco bashing. We had a great time. We like getting out there and meeting you crazy bastards. Yes. And we have fun when we go out. We party. We have a lot of fun. We're not. You know, it's funny too. When we go out, a lot of people come up and go, oh, you're not what we expected. The radio industry has totally ruined it for a couple of the good people that are out there. You know? Like we like to go out and party and have fun and meet the people. A lot of people that go to radio appearances, what happens? There's this big fat jerk off in a booth somewhere. Right. In a VIP lounge. In a VIP lounge. Or maybe they trailer this big like boombox looking thing to a location open and he sits in there and spins the records. Hey, let me take your request. Fantabulastic. Yeah, we changed the whole live appearance thing big time. When Anthony and I first started working together, we went to a bunch of live appearances and they had this huge VIP area set up with bouncers and bodyguards and it was up on a balcony. So you know, you guys would be well protected over there. We're like, screw that. We're going to party with our listeners. So what the? Wait, Evita? Yeah. Supposed to come out on the balcony? You know? So you will not see a VIP lounge all, you know, big fat bruiser guys being paid in the asses. We hang, we party. That's what it's about. Big fat old jocks that sit on their ass all day, sit on their roids all day, spinning records. They go out and meet their public. Well, they don't really meet them. No. They don't want to meet you guys. They're in the VIP section. No, we're going out and we're getting it together for Friday. Mm hmm. And we're going to have Stephen Lynch with us, man. Hopefully. We're just waiting for his manager to call back to tell us that Stephen Lynch. Who is manager? He better show up. Well, this is the only problem. If he's in town, he's going to be there. But Stephen Lynch, because of our show, he's starting to get a little famous and now he's traveling around a little bit. Oh, sorry. What? Has he got a Leno book? Is that it? He's out on the left coast? He better get his ass to where we're going to be. And Stephen listens to us every day. So, Stephen, why don't you give us a call and tell us personally that you will be at our live broadcast next Friday to do a set for our lovely listeners. Right. All right. Touch, Feel, and Stand, Days of New on 1027W&W, the Rock of New York. Hope you know Anthony for your FU Friday. And they are coming in like crazy once again today, Anthony. Yeah. People are getting into the groove of FU Friday. Greg from Staten Island writes, guys, please send an FU to my ex-girlfriend for breaking up with me nine months ago and not giving a crap about it until she saw me with my hot new girl last week. Now I get all the I made a mistake crying phone calls. So FU to her. Turn off the freaking waterworks and stop calling me. You guys are great. Keep it up. Yeah, I've always been one for the clean break, man. Whenever you break up, just that's it. Never again contact. No phone calls. No nothing. You're lucky. You're lucky. No awkward stares in a supermarket or anything. It's just it's the worst. That's not the norm. You got to do that. Most times it's you got to you got to break up slowly. Then eventually you got to find like a neutral area to exchange your stuff. The neutral zone. The neutral zone like exchange of the prisoner exchange. Hey man, I want all my black crow's CDs back. I want my Pearl Jam concert shirt back. And she wants this back. So you find a neutral area and you exchange the stuff like a prison exchange. Yeah, a prisoner exchange. I've just always been for the clean break. Never. I can never understand the people that break up and then they're friends again. You know, they will just remain friends. Oh yeah, great friends. Yeah. Yeah, I always remember fondly having sex with my friends. You know, because you never get that out of your head. Not at all. And then, you know, she brings her new boyfriend over and it's like, hey, what are you still pals and you're looking at him and he's looking at you like, yeah, you know, he dogger. Yeah, it's just awkward. I like having nothing to do with them. You look at her new boyfriend and you just give him that look like, yeah, how do I taste? Oh my god. Guys are brutal though. What? Oh, jeez. But guys are brutal that way. I understand. All right. Clean break. Now, Anthony, I just got to tease something here. Viagra gets some stiff competition. Got to love that headline right off the bat. Yeah, yeah. That's cute. Where did this come from, the Post? Yeah. Must be, right? Pfizer meet Big Brother. A Chinese drug company has unveiled a natural herbal version of the popular and potent drug Viagra that it touts as safer, healthier and cheaper than the famed love drug. Wow, look at that. And they call it Wage. Wage? Wage or something like that? Wage. It's a Chinese company that came up with Viagra Substitute. That's all the info you got on it? Yeah, we're going to have to... Gee, I wish there was somebody we could call. Do we know any Chinese people that we could call and get some more info on? Maybe get some more info. Yeah, well, maybe we could... Maybe there's one Chinese guy we know and maybe we can talk to. Yeah, he's been on our show a few times. Maybe he knows something about Viagra. He's not busy on his bike. Yeah, well, stick around. We'll try to call him and see what he says about this new Viagra drug, okay? Yeah, yeah. All right, but right now it's time once again for Opie and Anthony Trivia. What are we giving away, Opie? Well, all weekend long we get these four pack of tickets to Lowe's Theater. Movie passes, obviously. Yes. And we want to give it to the people that listen to our show. Yeah, people that have been there for a while. Yeah, not the stragglers that come in every once in a while and go out. You know, loyal listeners. Yeah, we want to take care of the faithful listeners. So get on the phones right now, 212-757-1027. And we'll ask you a relatively easy question about the show. You get the answer right. You get the movie passes, all right? Right. All right. What are we doing this hour? The LA Zoo story, I guess? Yeah. All right, why don't you set that up? Well, there's a, you remember a monkey in a zoo in Los Angeles, got pregnant, and they couldn't find the father because all the male monkeys had vasectomies. Yes. So we found out who the father was. Yeah, we were trying to figure it out. We were discussing it, and out of nowhere, we got the answer to who knocked up the chimpanzee in the LA Zoo. If you know the answer, we'll give you the movie passes, okay? All right. Hi, Eddie W. Hey, how's it going? Just calling for the trivia. Yes. What's your answer, sir? You're on the air. I would say Charlton Heston. Of course. Of course it was. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What's your name? My name is Paul. Where are you calling from, Paul? I'm calling from Paramus. All right. Do you have an FU too while we got you on the line? Just Matthew in general. The stupid people. Yeah, I like that. We're going to retail, so we'll get plenty of that. All right. Good luck. We'll accept that. Rick's going to take some info from you, and congratulations. All right. Thanks a lot, guys. We're going to have to delve back a little earlier in our NEW career, I think, for the next question, Opie. Well, yeah, we're just ... People found that a little easy. this new concept, and we figured we'd make it easy at first, and then, you know ... Okay. We'll make people put on their thinking caps later on today. Yes. But in case you missed it, we got to play it one last time, right? Could be bit of a week. Yes. The LA Zoo, it was Yoshi the Chimp, believe it or not. Yoshi the Chimp got pregnant, and they couldn't figure out how she got pregnant. Right. We did. And all of a sudden, the door gets knocked down, a chariot appears, and lo and behold, the Rock in New York, 1027W, Eddie W, with Lenny Kravitz, his latest flyaway, and Sophie and Anthony. Hey, man. On the way, we got the Dave Matthews band and some Rush for you, but right now, we got to talk about this trainees Viagra real fast. Well, it's amazing. Of course, everyone knows about Viagra, the impotence drug. And there were a couple of side effects, like people seeing blue lights and having heart attacks. So a lot of variations are coming out, and one is coming from China. The story goes here. It says Viagra gets some stiff competition. Pfizer meets Big Brother. A Chinese drug company has unveiled a natural herbal version of the popular impotence drug Viagra that it touts as safer, healthier, and cheaper than the fame love drug. How about that? They are predicting we are going to sell 100 million pills this year, said Chuang Hua. 100 million? 100 million pills this year alone. How many people are in China? A billion? A billion. What percentage is that? Don't even get me. Ten percent. One percent. Ten percent. I don't know. Ten percent. 100 million, 1,000 million is a billion. Who cares? A lot of people are going to have stiffies in China. I never knew there was such a huge problem in China. Well, okay. All right, where was I? We are going to sell 100 million pills this year, said Chuang Hua. Chairman of Chuang Hua. Come on. That doesn't say that. I don't know how to pronounce a J-X-N-G-S combo. It works better than Viagra and it is all herbal so it does not have any side effects. How about that? And it's got better packaging too, says Chuang Hua. Unlike Viagra's boring old prescription bottle, their Viagra is sold in a box covered with women cavorting in bikinis. Wow, there you go. Look at that. and flying doves on the package of their Chinese Viagra. Now we need to find out a little more info on this Chinese version of Viagra. I think there is one person we could call here if I could dial him up. So let me dial him up and get him on the phone. What are you doing? Where are you going? I have to go to the bathroom. We are dialing up this guy that knows a lot about the Chinese Viagra. A guy that has been on our show a lot. You could probably talk to him for a little bit. I have to go to the bathroom. Hurry up back. This is exclusive for our show. Just see if you can get him on the phone. I am dialing up right now. Well hurry up back. Screw him. I think I can do this. Alright, let's see if the damn guy answers. Hello? Yo, Yoshi from the kitchen. What do you order? Hello? Yoshi from the kitchen. What do you order? Yoshi? Very busy. What do you order? No, Yoshi. It's Opiate Anthony from N.E.W. Who? Opiate Anthony from N.E.W. You've been on our show a bunch? You press order now. It's Yoshi from the kitchen. No, I'm not calling for an order. You want a tongue-tang? Tang? What? Or a tongue-tang? Or a tongue-tang? Tang? What do you want? Well, if I order, will you talk to us about this Chinese Viagra? Of course I talk to you. You order. Alright, just give me, I don't know, four or five. Yes, what else? I'll take some of that wah-wah pork, I guess. Yes, what else? Sweet and sour is cool. What do you guys want? Broccoli maybe? What's the house special? Beef broccoli pork. And what's the house specialty today? Ten-tang pork and one-tang sauce. Okay, are you going to deliver yourself on your bike? Of course. I'll be right over there. You're still in the same building where I read menus every day? Yes. Okay, now you can talk to Yoshi. Everyone is sick of the menus that you leave under everyone's door, by the way. If I don't read menu, you cannot order pork! Okay. Well, could you tell us a little bit more about this Chinese Viagra? Oh, we call it a weege. Weege? Yes, Yoshi take that. You take the Chinese Viagra? Yes, I was having a little problem with my plik. With your what? I was having a problem with my plik. What's a plik? That's where I have my problem. I take a Chinese Viagra and it makes your plik rot. It makes your what? It makes your plik rot. Plik? Okay. Yes, if you have a broken plik. It's a tear for your plik. Yes, you know, in laboratory, it turned men from a rind raw main noodle to big thick egg raw. I see. In no time. Well, all of a sudden Yoshi looked like he had a baby panda in his pants. Yes, it looked like he had a ring and chain in his pants. Wonderful. Well, it's a natural herb, right? Yes, very natural. From ancient Chinese secret. I see. It contains a ginseng, chumfeng, cowluck, fangrang, wingtang and special secret ingredient. What's the special secret ingredient? I cannot devalue. Special secret ingredient. Come on Yoshi, let us know what the special secret ingredient is. Very secret. Okay, you listen, I tell you. What? Po. What? Po. Po? Po! Po! Po! Po! Po! Po! Po! Po! Po! Po! Po! Po! Po! Po! For your Plick! What do you do with your plick? You pork with it! You off-court you you pork for your plick! All right, so there's pork in the Chinese viagra. Yes. Okay. Chumfing, chungfing, chumfing, chumfing, chumfing, chumfing, chumfing. I have to go now. I have to deliver. Your order is ready. Well come on by with the order later on. Okay. I'll be about 10 minutes. And take care of your plick. Alright alright alright see you later alright there he goes everyone Yoshi the pork man give us a little info on the Chinese Viagra where is Anthony? Ant Ant you just missed Yoshi what what? You just missed Yoshi. Ah damn he's only on the show once a month where were you? Well I was in the bathroom and I was talking with Lois Lane. I don't understand why. Was Superman here? I don't understand why you're never around like Yoshi calls and stuff. I don't know I'll see him when he orders when he brings the food. Did you order something? Yeah I got you something. Did you get me some p'ork for you? Did you get me some chang heng? Chang heng. Oh good yes thank you. Alright Anthony Priceline.com. Oh wait a minute didn't have my headphones on sorry. That's okay we love Priceline.com. Yes we do. They've been with us for about a month or so now and they're working. Yoshi's here. I come with your order. Yeah we ordered some Chinese food about wow that was pretty good we ordered it 20 minutes ago. Yes I come with your order. Now I hope I'm not interrupting anything. Well we're in the middle of a live read for Priceline.com but I guess you're going to help us. Oh Priceline. You like Priceline? I love Priceline. Very good they got a great deal on my bicycle. Really? Yes. Are you driving a new bike out there on the streets of Manhattan? Of course I wanted a new bike I called Priceline. And I said I don't want to pay more than 600 Chang heng. They told me for 200 Chang heng. Unbelievable Priceline. That's awesome. How's the traffic out there? Very busy. Yes. You didn't get hit by any cars today did you? One cement mixer hit Yoshi knocked me into a moving truck. Then I crossed the street into a limousine and then back off of a taxi cab and I flew back onto a sidewalk. I see and your bike didn't get damaged? No that happens every day. Very very dangerous. Well Yoshi we've got to talk about Priceline.com. I'm not really sure if they're doing this bike thing for everyone else. No that was just for Yoshi. Just for Yoshi because you take care of him with the take out possibly? That was the Chinese Priceline. Oh I see. Yes. I didn't know they were international. Oh yeah. Okay well the Priceline.com in America they're working hotel rooms right now Yoshi. When was the last time you were in a hotel room? I was at a restaurant. In the back? Yes me and my AT people in my family. All in the back of a restaurant. So you would love to go to a hotel room. Oh like a dream for Yoshi. It would be like a vacation for you I believe. Well Yoshi if you want a hotel room in the near future you've got to give Priceline.com a call 1-800-Priceline or visit them on the web. Do you have internet service at your restaurant? Of course people order. Alright you want to repeat the address here for the people if they're online and they need to use Priceline.com? Priceline.com. Well what about the www? www.Priceline.com Alright that's www.Priceline.com That's what I said Priceline. Alright I was just making sure. Hey. Or you can give them a call 1-800-Priceline.com The Rock of New York 1027W-W-W the Smashing Pumpkins and today Guns and Roses before that Mr. Brownstone and Aerosmith 2 Walk This Way. Now that's some rockin music to get you home by huh? Yeah. Thank you Friday. Hope you're enjoying the festivities today. Going through the paper and this cannot be true. What? Reverend Al Sharpton? Yeah. He um it looks like he's got a website. Well everyone's got a website now huh? So the Reverend Al's got one. That's cool. It says fans and foes of the Reverend Al Sharpton will soon be able to chat with the outspoken black activist minister 24 hours a day. After this month Sharpton and his Harlem based National Action Network will have a new address www.fyd.com in cyberspace. Stop that. What? What? That can't be the address. Oh. People are going to think the story's a joke. Oh sorry that's not it. No that isn't the address. I apologize for that. Oops. Uh internet users can go to www.nationalaction.net. I went there it's under construction it says. Yeah they're still working on it. Click their mouses and instantly get the latest on Reverend Al. Yeah. No justice. No peace. Oh no. No justice. No peace. Reverend Al I didn't know you were going to make a visit to our show today. I am plugging my website. Yeah I see that. Yeah hallelujah. We have entered cyberspace where we are not victims of racism. There ain't no race in cyberspace. My website is presently under construction like the Apollo Theater. Yeah Anthony. I need your contributions please. So crawl out from the pressure you're under and email Reverend Al your credit card number. No justice. No peace. Yeah I hear that. This is a wonderful website that I have. Well tell us a little bit about it. Well if the cops shoot up your house tell Reverend Al with a click of the mouse. It's going to be a nerve center of the community. That's right. Even if you're in jail you can get Reverend Al email. Praise the Lord. Reverend Al's in cyberspace. I also have my line of hair care products in shellac online that you can purchase. It comes in the same bottle so don't be discouraged. You can also download my spinning medallion screensaver. It's a wonderful screensaver that big Volkswagen hubcap medallion you always see your Reverend Al wear. Well I'm going to go do that right now. Yeah. Alright. If one of our brothers is an Uncle Tom report him to me at reverendal.com. That's right people. Praise the Lord. Reverend Al's in cyberspace. Is that going to be a lot of fun too online? Well I hope so. I got online games on the reverendal.com. I can only imagine what type of games you got in cyberspace. Well you can download Tawana Raiders 3 where you guide Tawana Brawley through a maze of racist, rapist, politicians, judges and police officers. All the while trying to make yourself a legitimate activist in the community. Watch let me boot that up now. Alright. Alright. Whoa there we go. Whoa look out Tawana. Oh look I just nailed Steven Vagonis. Look at that sorry. Oh there goes the DA. Look I'm making ground now. Oh damn. Damn. I was doing so well but I fell into the rabble rousing, trouble making, race beta, lion sack, pit of doom. Why I always make that same mistake on my way to the senate. Damn. Wow. Well all this fun can be yours at reverendal.com. And that address again www.fyd.com. That's right. That's right. Praise deezers, no justice, no peace. I have been vindicated. Alright there he goes everyone. Reverend Al. Wow. We haven't had Reverend Al on the show in a long time. He is pumped up about that website. He is running down the hallway right now. Sounds like fun. I want to play Tawana Raiders 3. Do you think we could get some cheat codes for that? Yeah. I wonder how many hits he's going to get on his website. A million. Oh it'll be a million. Oh my god. The Rock of New York 1027WNEW Van Halen from Van Halen 2. Somebody get me a doctor. It's Ophie and Anthony. FU Friday. Moving right along. We got one from Rob, Joe and Jen here. Big FU to our big fat furry friend, our boss Dave for going to Cancun for the next week. Oh by the way you forgot to pay us a hole. Screw him it's $4.45. Well that's when they sent the fax. And we're slamming back the coronas pretending we're in Mexico. Hey Dan, FU too. I will keep up the good work. We all listen to you here at Perennial. There you go. Alright. Thank you very much. Well everyone is still talking about Tara. The lovely Tara who is on our website. If you go to WEW.com and click on air personalities and then click on Ophie and Anthony and you'll find the pictures from there. Every third instant message that's coming in is about her pictures. Yeah but the jury is in at this point. Yeah we know. We read, Rick counted them, 628 emails before we went on the air. That was just that came in you know overnight. Yeah. What's that Rick? Line 2 we got to run? Okay. Let's get Tara on the line here. Tara. Yeah. How are you? I'm alright. What's wrong? Nothing. Oh that doesn't sound good. That doesn't sound good. Yeah there's nothing nothing wrong with me. You're taking a lot of heat huh? No that's okay. I'm alright with that. I have no problem. But if we're going to do a challenge. Oh wait I'll get to that point. Okay go ahead. First the good news. What? You gave us more email than anything else we've done on our show since coming to N.A.W. You're welcome. We probably got well over a thousand. Yeah. A thousand emails. Wow. Since you left. That's a lot. We don't get anywhere near that on a regular basis. That's good I guess. People think you're beautiful. Absolutely beautiful. That I know. That I hear. I got most of that yeah. And they think you can be a model but hands down people say no way to playboy. Okay and I heard that there's a girl calling and saying that they could do playboy. Is that what they're saying? Well no what we have decided to do is we're going to put the challenge out there because yeah there are a lot of girls saying man I have a better body than Tara. Okay. Well natural? Well that's what we're doing. Those are the rules. This is the rules. Simple as this. And we're supposed to get a girl down here today but I don't know if she's going to make it. The first challenge for Tara. We're going to keep your pictures up on our website until someone beats you. Okay. And the rules are simple. You have to come down here if you think you can beat Tara's body. You've got to be able to pose naked. They have to be able to pose what? At least topless yes. And undies. Yes at least. At least if they want to go the full distance that's fine. That's up to them. And they can't have fake boobs. Okay. They have to be natural. Okay. And we'll see how it goes. Then we'll put their picture up on the website with yours. Okay wait a minute do I get to do like another shot? Well if the votes come in and you are defeated you will get to come back and try to regain your crown by doing a retake. Sure. Okay. So it's going to be just her in the studio when she's posing? Right. Yes. Same conditions you got. Okay. Nothing extra. I suppose this girl was coming down today but I don't know if she made it. But there's a bunch of other girls that want to challenge you as well. Well we put the challenge out there right now. Any girls that want to do this give us a call and come down and we'll do this. What do they have to do? Do they get to do the same poses or what? Pretty much it's up to Anthony and I. Okay. I will be no unfair advantages in posing or anything. Yeah I think Anthony did a good job with your shots. Yeah. For an amateur and stuff. Those pictures do me no justice. Of course not. Well that's what I think anyway. You don't have to toot my horn but I think they do me no justice. Man Tara you're cracking here on us. Cracking? I can feel it. Why would I crack? Trust me most of the people and I mean most like well over 90% really think you're hot. But they just say no to Playboy that's it. You know what it is? I think a lot of people are also losing sight that it wasn't just Playboy it was modeling also. Right. Everyone got hung up on the Playboy thing. Yeah everybody got hung up on the Playboy which was fine because I flashed my chat. Right. But you know at the same time I definitely think I could. I was you know it's so funny because I was looking through Playboy last night and I really I want to bring in this Playboy that I have. Either they got their hands above their head or they're holding something up or they got their boobs squished together or they're doing something to keep them propped up. Alright. We didn't do any of that so if we're going to play we'll play right and we'll do it the right way. I have no problem with that. You have no problem with that? But you know you've had I don't know tens of thousands of people checking out your pictures already so in a way we made you famous. Well that's cool. I mean I really appreciate that guys. That's really cool. I mean like I said it was all fun and games and that's cool. Alright. But like I said it'll be a challenge and that'll be cool too because you know I mean it'll be fun. It'll be really fun but at the same time if we're going to do it then I'm going to come prepared. Alright alright we hear you. We hear you. If you get defeated you can definitely come back and do it as you say the right way. What's the girl's name coming out today do you know? We don't know. We don't even know if she's going to make it today. She called Rick earlier. There's a bunch of other girls that want in on this. But basically we're going to set up that whole section of the website and make it nice and You are the reigning champion right now. Okay. Pretty much the title will be like hottest woman that Opium Anthony got naked in their studio. There you go. Alright. That sounds cool. And your pictures will stay up there until someone defeats you. Okay guys. And if you are defeated because I'm not sure if that's going to be an easy task then you can come back and try to reclaim your title. That sounds cool. Alright. Alright guys you need to call me. We got your number. Alright guys. Don't be so defensive though. I mean high marks. Extreme high marks. No. I mean like I said. You know a couple low marks from the Russian judges but that's okay. No that's okay guys. You guys are great. I had a really good time and I'm glad I got to come in and do it. And I'll defend my belt no problem. Alright. There's the Tara we know. Yeah. Alright. Keep the confidence up. Alright. Bye. Bye. There you go. Alright. So guys you don't have to tell us about Tara anymore. Yeah. We got the point. I'm going to go through the emails and faxes and phone calls. My voicemail is filled with people commenting. The challenge is on though. Yeah. We want to move on now. We want to see if there's a girl out there that can beat Tara. In our listeners eyes. Yes. That's how we do this. It's not us that's making the decision. We leave it to you. Got fake boobs? Don't want anything to do with you. Unnatural. We're going for the all natural. Right. Okay. Alright. In other show news really fast it looks like we are going to be broadcasting live next Friday on Long Island. Yeah. We're getting the details together but it's going to be really cool. We'll start really talking about it Monday. On Monday? With all the details. Yeah. I'm going to I think this is a definite we got a couple trips to give away to Miami. Oh. Well. When we go out there we do it upright. Alright. This is going to be a lot of fun. I'm so glad we're getting out. Really. Well we begged the management of NAW to send us out there and at first they go trust me guys you don't want to be out there. They don't really like you that much yet. Oh gee thanks. No one in radio is doing sick parties anymore where they just go out go to a club and have fun you know. Well they're too busy going around in their limos. It's not happening anymore. You know. Last I remember it was like years ago. You got to dip back to the stern thing when he used to do those club benet things. Those were fun. Yeah. It's like a freak show and just having a good time but no one does it anymore. No. So we're going to start to let's go. Let's have fun. Screw it. Yeah. Follow our lead. One oh two seven W.A.W. The Rock of New York Creed. That's a song they did on Letterman the other night from their debut CD My Own Prison. That's one. It's Opie and Anthony. And wow instant feedback going crazy. Absolutely. The challenge has been put out there. Man. Tara's pictures are up. Can't get off of this. But we've added to this. There's a new challenge out there. A lot of ladies have called up and seen Tara's pictures. Of course she came in disrobed. Let us take pictures. Put them on the website. And a lot of girls are saying they can beat her. That their body is better. Natural bodies. Natural. We're looking for. No fake boobs. Well Harry from Valley Stream. From the conversation on the radio I expected much more from Tara's pictures. I've seen much better natural teetskies than that. She will easily get defeated. And then he says don't get me wrong. I wouldn't kick her out of bed. We truly are pigs aren't we? Well there's a bunch of guys. You know they say well now that I've taken a second look. And yeah yeah. Now that I spent a second day with the pictures. Yeah that's what Luke is saying. From Long Island. After looking at her for a second day. She's not all that. Living on the beach I see better every day. Plus she's defensive. Which is not that attractive. Luke. He has to keep up the good work. Yeah look. He's sat with the pictures now. Now he looks for a second day. And it's like. You know the whole excitement of the new girl on the web isn't with people anymore now. Isn't that the truth though? Look at this. You meet that dream girl and you're like wow she's perfect man. Look at her. And you go out with her for a few weeks and you know you start picking her farm stuff. Look at this. Their little online relationship with her photos are already getting better. Those are already taking a turn. Isn't that amazing? And Tara. If she's still listening. We are counting how many guys that have told us they. They want to see your pictures and it's the numbers are getting high. Oh yeah. Don't don't even worry about. I mean look. This guy. Tara is lovely. Look at that. All right. But the challenges out there and people are already getting excited for the challenge. Yes. If you're a fine young lady and you're up for the challenge. Come in here and disrobe and get some pictures taken. We'll put your pictures side by side with Tara and then we'll have the listeners vote. And there you go. But Tara's pictures will remain on that site until someone defeats her. Bob. Long Island. Tell that chick Tara to get her breasts fixed. They look like two bananas chasing her armpits. But I wouldn't kick her out of bed for spilling crumbs. Dig your show. Where's the Friday fake? Oh yeah. Where is the Friday fake? Oh yeah. We had that last week and. God we got to do that this week. It was such a hit last week. Yeah. We still have an hour. Yeah. We need a lady to do the Friday fake orgasm for us. A lot of people look forward to this feature. We finally brought it out of retirement last week. She was a wookie. Yes. That's right. Oh P. Lost his virginity to a girl that had a mane. She had hair down her back. Thank you. That's right. Look at the hair on her back. Yes. I too thought she was dating. You Baka. I don't know. Maybe it's easier for him to hold on to. All right. Come on. Be. With me. Listen. Listen. With me. Be. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. Listen. She was really hot though. Hot. She had a nice face and stuff. She had the big black nose and the teeth. Chewy. Inset eyes. Fur. Well, yeah. The story goes she had like a mane. She had like a thick strip of hair that went from the top of her neck all the way down to her, all the way down to her tailbone, all the way down to her hoop. Her what? All the way down to her balloon knot. All the way down to the whale's eye. Is anyone listening to this stuff? I hope not. Okay. Balloon knot. That's cute. Well, that's disgusting. What's your name? Marlene. And where are you calling from, Marlene? Belmore. Are you horrified? No, no. I am, quite frankly. My kids are loving it. Oh, good. You want to send out an FU to anyone? Yes. I want to send out a big FU to the guy who totaled my husband's car last week. What happened? Ouch. I was parked in front of the house and this guy was drunk or on something and he came around the corner and smashed it. My husband only had the car for two weeks. Oh, that was you? Oh, I apologize. Two weeks. A big FU to Brian. I won't say his last name. I'll say his last name. I'll say his last name. I'll say his last name. I'll say his last name. I'll say his last name. I'll say his last name. I'll say his last name. Brian, no. All right. All right. That's fine. I think he's in rehab now. I feel sorry for him. All right. At least he's getting the help he needs. That's right. Something Anthony and I should look into. All right. Well, hold on a while. We're going to get some info from you, okay? Okay. Thank you. All right. Cool. Man. Man. Man. Man. Man. Man. Man. Man. Man. Man. Man. Don't leave me. If I'm off camera I'm going to do a pretty good thing. Don't leave me, because my back is Hairy. Hairy. Why do I need to flip her over? Because I want to get a little lie in. That must've been great. If she had hair all the way down her spine, I take it that, you know, maybe she was a little full. I don't remember. Down yonder. I really don't remember. I don't remember that. I was thinking more Jerry Garcia. I don't remember that. Link from the Mod Squad. What? Earl has a girl out. Earl's got a girl out? Get Black Girl in here. Earl's got a girl? Yeah. What does he mean by that? Well, because we've never seen... Earl, come in here. Come here, Earl. Who's the fine... What's up? She walked in. Hey, how you doing? Look at this. Wow. Are you related to Earl or... No, in no way. Are you a friend of Earl? I am somewhat a friend of Earl's, yes. Would you meet a club somewhere? No, Black Rock Coalition. We're members. Of what? The Black Rock Coalition. Really? Is there a Black Rock Coalition? What is this? Enlighten Us. It's an organization, you know, in kind of support of musicians who play music that they're not expected to play. Oh, like... Interesting. Like Vernon Reid? He's one of the founders. I know him. The founding member. I know my Black culture. It's Black History Month. If I want to get some, you know, Black... I've got to know some stuff. Look, Opie is really hot on getting a Black girl. Really? It's one of his fantasies. That's interesting. Just look at him now. He can't go to any clubs or anything. He's the whitest guy. I've tried, though. You see, there are sisters who, you know, would be willing to... I celebrated Kwanzaa just so I'm up on it and stuff. Really? Well, not really, but... He's just saying that. I didn't celebrate it either. I knew Vernon Reid was the head of that. Yes. All right. Who else is? There's not many Black rock guys anymore. There is. I can't get any of the top of my... Ah, there he is. I was just standing for the chicks. Come on. Another of the founders is Greg Tate, who writes for the Village Voice and has thousands of bands. What about old Dirt Bastard? No. He will not be admitted. Not at all. All right. Well, were you guys going out or something? No, I just came here... Just to say hi to Black people. ...and to get some hot chocolate. All right, cool. Oh, is that what you call her? Hot chocolate? Yeah, that's what we call her. Hey, baby. Wow. You two are so... Well, oh, okay. Well, you guys have some fun. All right. Yes. You're very lovely, by the way. Yeah, very pretty girl. She's latte. Yeah. Yeah, look at Oprah. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Yeah, look at Opie's skim milk. Well, I'm trying. All right. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Cool. What do we got? Even. Yeah, I know. Thank you, Earl. Okay. Hey, you want to play some Uriah Heap? Uriah Heap? Yeah, remember that song, Easy Living? We could do that. Easy Living. All right, Anthony, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Yes. The latest sponsor to the Opie and Anthony Show. They've been on for a full week now, I believe. Yeah, they've been on for a full week now. Yeah, they've been on for a full week now. Yeah, they've been on for a full week now. Yeah, they've been on for a full week now. Yes. And they haven't canceled. That's good news for us. Now, did you see Jennifer called earlier? Your lovely and talented wife, Jennifer. Yes, she called. Yes. And you know why she called? No, I couldn't figure that out. I thought she was calling to tell you she was going to happy hour. Well, besides that, she called to thank me for the lovely reminder. Yeah, I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. And she called me to thank me for the lovely Vermont teddy bear that arrived at the house today. Already? Already. Awesome. Well, I wanted it to get there today. Now, what bear did you choose for your wife? Oh, I got the teddy and a teddy. You're going to get some. Yeah, baby. And you know what I put on the card? Simple. Sweet. I put, you're a dirty girl. You know what? They wrote it down. Right on. See, they don't censor you. And she loves it. She's like, oh, it's so cute. It's got these big blue eyes and she loved it. And it makes me seem sensitive. It made her day, right? It certainly did. You think you're going to get some? Yeah. Yeah. Get some. Get some. Let me take a look at that, eh? Yo, you son of a Vermont teddy bear. Before you know it, you don't want to get over that, eh? So now if you want one, you can get one. Get one. Get one. Get one. Get one. Get one. Get one. Get one. Get one. Get one. Get one. Get one. So now if you want to get over that, eh? You don't want to get over my teddy bear. Because when you buy my teddy bear, you're sure you're going to get over that, eh? Get me some. All right. Very cool. Well, congratulations. That's their newest bear, I believe, the teddy and the teddy. They got 100 bears to choose from. It's really easy, guys. You just call 1-800-829-BEAR. That's 1-800-829-BEAR. And a bear counselor will get on the phone with you. And you just say, hey, I want to get over that, eh? And they'll say, hey, I want to get over that, eh? And you say, hey, I want to get over that, eh? And they'll say, hey, I want to get over that, eh? Just tell them a little bit about your woman. Yeah. And then they suggest a few bears. Yeah. Like if you called and said, hi, bear counselor. Yes. Hi, my girl, she's like a hosebag. She loves sex all the time. Mm-hmm. He'd recommend the horny little devil bear. Exactly. Which you can get. It's a cute little bear. It's got the devil's horns and a tail. Mm-hmm. The horny little devil. And they just got so many to choose from. It's ridiculous. If you're online right now, you can go to their website and they got more. You know, I've heard that a hundred times easily. Yeah. And it makes me laugh every time. I'm hearing it for the first time. The hide and go eff yourself line. The funniest damn thing. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go eff yourself? Yeah, you gotta love it. Well, that's for everyone that is stuck in traffic. Using that word right now. Right. Sophie and Anthony, you're listening to any W? Well, here it is. Mike Tyson, back behind bars. Now, this is real? Yeah, this is real. He's in jail. Well, yeah, boxer Mike Tyson has been sentenced to jail time for assaulting two motorists after a minor traffic accident in the Maryland suburbs of Washington, D.C. Judge Stephen Johnson sentenced him to two years in jail but suspended one year. He's also been fined $5,000 and will be on two years probation after being released from jail. The ruling could affect Tyson's future in the ring. Indiana authorities will now have to decide if this constitutes a violation of his probation on a 1991 rape conviction. Of course that's a violation. Yeah, yeah, assault. The sentence could also lead to a review of Tyson's boxing license, which was recently restored in Nevada after a year of suspension. The guy's screwed. But it's dope. Good afternoon everybody. Mike and the Bad Dog. Yeah, hi. Obviously, Mike Tyson back in trouble again. Yes, he's in trouble. Lots of trouble. Well, you gotta look at it this way. He's a very vulnerable personality. Right. So obviously he couldn't stay out of trouble for very long. Well, you gotta give the judge a lot of credit on this one. Well, of course you gotta give the judge a lot of credit. Of course you can't have a guy out there just going crazy assaulting people for a basic traffic violation. So this guy is back in jail for another year. He's about to jump back out, probably good time served, and be back in the ring again, hopefully. Very soon, very soon. Now, Mad Dog, do you think this is terrible? This is terrible. And it's Friday. Friday. Friday. Friday. Let's take some calls. All right, Mad Dog. You're on here. Yeah, is this Mike and the Bad Dog? Yes. I love your show. Long time no first time caller. Boy, how about this Tyson thing? Well, you know, you've got to follow the personality. Obviously, he's in trouble dealing with society. So he's back in jail. All right, thank you. We're going to be discussing the Tyson thing for 18 hours straight, so stay with us at the fan. Mike and the Bad Dog. They'll discuss every single angle. They'll discuss what would happen if Mike Tyson were on the moon and an alien ship hit his ship, and he got in a fight with an ET. Well, I think the ET would be able to beat Tyson. Well, I don't know about that. What do you think, Mike? Do you think an ET could beat Tyson with those teeth and be biting off ears? No, I don't think so, dog. Well, I have to agree with you there. That would be a terrible thing. But I would think Tyson would beat up the alien. Thank you for the call. What would happen if Tyson were to transport his body to another dimension? Well, that's a very fascinating question. I believe he would be in trouble in any dimension he was in. I think you've got to give the caller a lot of credit for that question. The caller gets a lot of credit for that question coming up with an optional dimension question on this Friday. Mike and the Bad Dog show on the fan. I love that, man. Radio guy that can't talk. It's hysterical. You know, they're probably relieved that the Tyson story broke because they were up to hour 20 of talking about the NBA season starting this weekend. And what Patrick Ewing is going to be doing on the court. You know what? Watch him and see. That's a good way to find out. I just hope Patrick decides to pass the ball this year. Don't worry about your points, Patrick. Well, if Patrick Ewing was maybe a submarine commander, how would that play out in the NBA? I would go with our twenty five on that one. And someone's on top of it. A big F.U. to Chris Russo from the fans in McCarver and all the dirtbag Yankee fans that called in to complain on the fan. All from the Bronx. Obviously, talking about Tom Seeger coming in in place of Tim McCarver. I think that's not a good move for the men. That's a stupid move. Stupid move. That's obvious. All right. Very good. Could you could man, don't leave it? It's really annoying. Could you just leave? No, really? It was it was funny like for two minutes, but now it's really annoying. That was funny for like 30 seconds. All right. We could let like Mad Dog say a special goodbye. How's that? I like to say goodbye on a Friday. One oh two seven W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York. You all right? Collective soul run from dosage. Yeah. All right. So, Pete Anthony. Thanks. Hey, we got to give away another four pack of tickets to Los theater movie passes. And we need another Opie Anthony trivia question because we want to give all our prizes from now on to our faithful listeners. OK, so we figure if we give Opie Anthony questions, give me a beer, Ben. Yeah, one one. All right. A little. I'm not drinking out of the same bottle as you, though. All right. Come on. Give me a beer. I'm surprised to see you drinking out of a bottle, Ben. I just heard you like it in the can. I'm on the website. I'm so excited. Everybody knows what it looks like. So I get lynched now in public. You're just getting creamed on the website. I'm taking pictures of Tara. And on the website, if you look down at one of the pictures, you see Ben the fag standing behind Tara. But he's looking at me taking the picture and not looking at Tara. One guy said it looks like Ben the fag. One guy instant feedback. He said it looks like this is the first time Ben the fag has ever seen a girl about to take her clothes off. All right. We'll stress again. And Ben the fag needs a funeral. I'm telling you. It's getting out of the night. I'm going to Ozzie with Earl. And I'm going to go out to Ozzie at the Continental Arena soon. I'm going to get lynched. They're like, we're sitting in front of Dave Matthews the other night. This guy looks at the van. He sees a black guy sitting in the N.E.W. van. He looks, sees me. He goes, you guys, that's black girl in Ben the fag. He's like, holy cow, I always wanted to meet you guys. I was getting out of control. You know, you got to take your celebrity and work it. You know, deal with it. Hey, Ben, that's really cute that you're having a few beers before you drive the company driving. I'm not driving. I'm not driving. I'm not driving. Earl's driving. And where's Earl? Oh, he's booting up in the lobby. Well, you'd probably expect a black guy to boot up. Oh! What? I thought we were just having fun. Check, please. Waiter! Check, please. That was a joke. Some joke. Earl's driving tonight. I was out in Long Island scouting for the party next week today. Yeah, that's going to be great when we broadcast live next Friday. But, no, Ben. So you want us to bury Ben the fag? See, Ben isn't gay. Supposedly, he's not gay. Come on! Well, we have no documented evidence. Well, Earl says he's not gay. I know. Ben's always talking about these girls that he goes out with. We always hear him talking about these stories of his sexual exploits. It just sounds so great. But we never see him with a girl. The only story we've heard of, really, that have been confirmed by phone calls from friends has been the story when he left the bar with transvestites. No, no, no. Sexuals. And what about the other guy? Oh, wow. Big difference. Senator's daughter, too. I don't know. I didn't hear anything. He did get a hummer from a senator's daughter. So. Alright. That's what he said. Black girls in the studio. Hey, Black Girl. Are you looking forward to black Sabbath tonight? If you just said that with a southern accent it would just sound even better. What are you talking about? Why don't you say, hey Earl, are you looking forward to black Sabbath? You get that one there boy. You're sounding a bit racist here on the show today. I know, I apologize. I'm not though. What time is it? It is your hour. I'm not but. It's your hour to sound racist. It was mine left. I love when people talk about racism and they do but. I'm not a racist but. But there's always that but. It's horrible. I've given up. We're just talking on this show. If it comes out and people interpret it as either racist or sexist or homophobic. Well you're getting in a lot of trouble. I was in a huge fight with this Asian guy over Yoshi. Yoshi. The guy was screaming and yelling. The guy called up and was like, I was offended by Yoshi's skit. I was like, oh you must be an Asian man. Why? Because of my voice? I was like, well yeah. And he was very offended. And then he got mad and said, Yoshi's not even a Chinese name. Well we know that. That's what makes the bit really funny. He hung up after he got so annoyed. I told him I was going to pound creamed rice up his butt. And he started laughing. And I go, look you're laughing. And he hung up because he got so annoyed with himself that he was laughing at it. But then he called the boss. And now the boss has to deal with that one. Join the club. Stand in line. You guys have fun at Black Sabbath. The comedy team of Black Girl and Ben the Fag. On the road again tonight. Those fans are going to love me. But remember, Ben the Fag is not a fag. Right. I'll fill the name for you soon. Okay. I'm sorry. He's straight. He's a fag. He's straight. He's a fag. All right. We've got to give away these movie passes to Lowes Theater. Four of them. We need an open Anthony trivia question. We didn't think of any while the music was playing. Hmm. Oh, you want to dip back into the show? Yeah, you could do that. Okay. Gee, I guess I've got to pick on me since I picked on you with the last one. I'm thinking something out of my youth, my school days. Um, what used to get me excited? Oh, very good. Back in my youth. I don't think the first person is going to get this one. We're three for three. First person getting it. What got Anthony excited when he was a youth? Kind of out of the ordinary. It is very out of the ordinary. I don't know why, but it just happened. Hi, N.E.W. Hi. Hi. What used to get you excited? Yeah. No, what got Anthony excited when he was young? What got Anthony excited when he was young? Yeah. Oh, man. I'm getting stoked. Yeah, you've got to dip back for this one. How about a hint? No, no hints. No, no hints. Because I know there are people out there that know it. Sorry, man. You must be one of the guys that said, hey, man, I just started listening to you guys two weeks ago. You know what? I can't believe you said that because I'm so pissed. I wanted to get in and win these god damn tickets. I've been listening to you guys for months and you can't answer one question I can't answer. I swear to God, man. Yeah, but we've got to move on to someone else. I'm sorry. We've got chances to win all weekend long. As long as you don't think I'm one of those fags that just... No, no, no. Not at all, man. We can tell by your attitude. Say hi to some of them. What do you want to say hi to real fast? What do I want to say hi to? Yeah, that will be a little consolation prize. I guess I'll say what's up to my boys, Patty and Danny. They're all doing great. They're doing great. They're doing great. They're doing great. They're doing great. They're doing great. What's up to my boys, Patty and Danny. They're on a battle party right now in A.C. Are they your flip-mo squad? Yeah. In A.C.? Wow. Right now they're probably banging prostitutes with all their money. At least you're honest. That's a nice weekend. I just want them using bags. That's all. All right, man. Have a great weekend. I love the honesty on this show. Hi, N.E.W. Hi. Doing a trivia question? Yeah. What? You still got a question? Yeah. What? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Yeah. What used to get Anthony excited as a youth? Marshall Brady. Well, that's one thing, but it wasn't the thing. That wasn't the thing? No. No. This is something out of the ordinary. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks, man. That's like half right. It's half right, but it's something out of the ordinary. Okay. Hi, N.E.W. I know the answer to the trivia question. What used to get Anthony excited as a youth? Older women. No, that was O.P. That was O.P. Yeah. I know the answer to the trivia question. Yeah. What used to get Anthony excited as a youth? Older women. No, that was O.P. Yeah. No, that was O.P. Oh, my bad. All right, man. Wow, this is a tough one. Someone's got to get it. Hi, N.E.W. It's not Gilligan. Gilligan's Island is it? No, no, no, no, no. Something out of the ordinary. I don't know, dude, man. All right. From my youth. Hi, N.E.W. Hello? Hey. What used to get Anthony excited? Something out of the ordinary. Looking up girls dresses? That's one of them too. Yeah. You guys are hitting on every single one of them. But that's not out of the ordinary. Except for the one. This is one thing that I used to get physically excited, not emotionally excited. You just get boners over. Yeah, yeah. It would just happen. Hi, N.E.W. I'm nowhere. You got an answer. Hello? Yeah, you're on. You're on. Turn down your radio. We're on delay. Oh, okay. I'm on delay. I'm on delay. I'm on delay. I'm on delay. I'm on delay. I'm on delay. I'm on delay. I'm on delay. I'm on delay. I'm on delay. Turn down your radio. We're on delay. Oh, I'm so sorry. Okay, yellow school bus. There you go. Yeah, baby. There it is. For some reason, I used to sport wood on my way to Elwood Junior High on the big yellow school bus. Yeah. I would get on the bus, sit down, and for some reason, I would sport wood. And then when I got to school, I'd get to Elwood Junior High. I'd get off the bus. I'd have to put my books in front of me as I walked to cover the sported wood. Don't ask me why. Don't ask me how. It doesn't happen anymore. Oh, you're a dirty bus, aren't you? Yeah. Look at that big puff of diesel fumes coming out of your tailpipe. Yeah. Oh, you're such a dirty yellow bus. All right, man. Hold on a minute. I'm going to give you the tickets. Oh, my God. Yeah. Yeah, you won. What's your name, man? Idris. Idris. I'm Idris. I'm Idris. I'm Idris. I'm Idris. I'm Idris. What's your name, man? CJ. And where are you calling from? Westchester. All right, congratulations. Thanks. And thanks for listening. Please hold. Line 5. I don't know why it used to happen, but it did help me. All right, we got one more thing to do before we get out of here, and that is the Friday fake-o. Now, we had some problems getting a Friday fake-o this week. Well, we're still going through the phone lines. We're trying to get a female to do this for us, and so far, no one has passed the audition. No, some of the girls don't get it. They get on and they go, oh, Friday fake-o, ah, ah, ah. That's not it. So you've got to work it like an actress. So we'll either have a brand new one next time we talk, or we'll just have to play Stacey again from last week to show people what it's like. The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW. We'll send that out to Tara, the star of the show this week. Yeah. Without a doubt, her picture's still on the WNEW website, and there you have it. We just put up some brand new text, so you might want to go back there and check it out because we are looking for other women to join the competition to see if they got what it takes to dethrone Tara as the hottest girl to ever strip on the Open Anthony show. Yeah, because we have a lot of girls calling up saying, hey, she's nothing. Right. You know, I could beat her. So we're giving you the shot. Come on down, we'll take some pics, put them up on the website, and let the listeners decide who is the queen. That's right. Yes. We'll remain there until someone dethrones her. We got Stephen Lynch on the hotline. Oh, Stephen. Stephen? Yeah. Hey. So, Anthony. What's up, fellas? How you doing, Steve? All right. This competition is the most ingenious thing I've ever heard. It's smart. I want to be there so badly. Isn't it so self-serving? Yeah. It makes me want to get my own radio show. Yeah. Well, our show is your show. You come by whenever you want, man. I'm a beast. Somehow I think if you did it... Let me know when the Pusky is going to be there. Somehow I think if you did it, somehow guys would show up. I don't know. Or Maffredyte. I would have to redeem myself next time I come on. Yeah. So how did it go last night? Oh, last night was great. Yeah? Yeah. I want to thank you guys for plugging the show. It was a lot of Opie and Anthony fans down there. Wow, really? They made themselves known. Yeah, it was cool. We had a good time. Cool. Very cool. Well, now we've got to know if he's going to be able to hook up with us next Friday. Oh yeah, definitely. Oh really? Yeah, for sure. You're going to definitely do a few songs and stuff? Yeah. There you go, guys. I'm going to sing some non-gay songs. Yeah, you do. What, are you going to write some? I'm going to dust off the ones I've been keeping under my pillow for ten years. Just such an emergency. I don't know, I think the people want to hear the gay songs. They want to hear the gerbil songs. I give the people what they want to hear. Of course. If it's gay, it's gay. There's nothing I can do about it. You've got to. You've got to. Yeah, so we're going to broadcast our show live next Friday. We'll have all the details starting next week. And Stephen Lynch is on board. He's going to be there performing live. This is going to be a party. So bring in the Puskies. We'll have lots of Puskies for you, Steve's gun. And maybe some pecks-ers. I also hear a rumor that you're working on a Tuesday Night Hummer song. Yeah, I don't want to devolve too much. Alright, there's rumors floating around that you might have something to donate. I heard somebody mention that on the air the other day. I thought I'd get to work. You've got to get to work. Got it. I heard Stephen's going to be parachuting onto the top of the NAW building. Yeah. You know, here's the problem though. I'm not officially a member of the club. Well, I think we can take care of that for you. That's what I'm talking about. Not we. Not us personally. That's right. No, not you guys. We understand your taste. Wait a minute. I got inducted to the Hummer Club. I think the song is writing itself. Well, I got $20 and Ann's got $20. I think we can try your $40 to get into the club. Yeah. You know, you really have to pay for it, man. Yeah, I know. I met somebody down there. Well, it's funny. One guy did admit to that. He said he wanted to join the club so badly that he did go out and spend like $15. Are you kidding me? I swear to God. Can't you just lie? Well, you forgot to mention that on the radio. There's no lying. No, there's no lying. Well, I mean. Because, you know, it's in the back of your head. You just know you're not part of the club. Right. Steven, it's just lying to yourself. You're right. All right. So we can count on you next Friday. That's hot. Yeah, definitely. This is great. That'll be fun. This is shaping up to be a good bash. Cool. Is this the one where there's going to be deformed chicks running around and stuff? Is that something different? We might be blowing off that for a little while. I don't know. We got so many damn things going on now. We come up with ideas and just throw them out there. Yeah, but that idea is starting to get legs as well. We're going to have a freak show lingerie show. I've got to tell you, that's one of my favorite ideas. Wouldn't you love to just see a little fidget girl in a thong and little teddy? I'm still intrigued by that thought. Well, them's not babies. Them's fidgets. Well, it's going to be the Opie and Anthony lingerie freak show. Yeah. It's the Victoria's Secret lingerie show. First annual. We do have Mindy, big butt Mindy, that is definitely on board and ready to go. She's got an ass like a truck. I swear to God, it's huge. Well, Steve, you remember the door you walked through, obviously, in the studio? Yeah. She has to walk through that sideways. So she's on board to put some lingerie on. Wow. And then for the ladies, we've got a guy who is the hairiest guy in the world. Like when he shaves, he's got to make a decision where he stops because it's like it's not whiskers anymore, it's chest hair. Ever see those guys? They just got to stop. And it's like where the forest meets the plains. All of a sudden it just stops. Yeah. Yeah. We've got him coming on. All right. That one's for the ladies. One for the ladies. He's going to wear a banana hammock. A little marble bag. A little marble bag. But we're still looking for a midget. We're going to pay for a crack whore to put some lingerie on. That's easy though. That's like 20 bucks. We want to see that. All right. Hey, maybe you could do that and I could join the club at the same time. Oh. And now on the runway, wearing lace and scabs, it's the crack whore. Oh, Jesus. Yeah. We'll have fun with it. Sure. Yeah. That'll be great. I look forward to that. All right, man. All right, Stan. So once you call in next week, or next week, or next week, or next week, or next week, once you call in next week, or come by or something. Okay. If you want, it's up to you. All right. We won't make you perform or nothing. You can just hang. Make you perform. Give me a fist. All right. All right. I could do that. But at the worst, we'll see you next Friday when we broadcast live somewhere on Long Island. Details to come. Sounds good. Yeah, we have a place all picked out and everything. We'll give you all the details next week. Cool. It's our buddy, it's our pal, Steven Lynch, everyone. All right. All right. You want to give out your cute little email address real fast or? It's the Pusshead, man. Pusshead at aol.com. You know, people put that in their server and they think it's a website. Yeah. Well, we're working on that. He got the coveted Pusshead name at AOL. A lot of people wanted that. It is coveted. Now they've got to go to Pusshead 101 and Pusshead 3, you know. That's the original Pusshead. Of course. The AOL. Yeah, with one S, by the way. That's right. To clear up any confusion. I'm that Pusskeyhead. Wow, I'm going to change my screen name when I get home. What? Pusskey? I want to be Pusskeyhead. I'm that Pusskeyhead. All right, Steve, we're going to let you go. All right. Thanks a lot, guys. We'll talk to you soon. Okay. All right. Bye. All right. He's our pal. He's on board. That's very cool. I like it. And thanks for supporting him last night at Caroline's. Yeah. He's going to be, well, never mind. I'm going to be doing something for him. Line 3, she wants to do a Friday fake. Hi, who's this? Yeah. Who is this? Kirsten. Hi, how old are you? Kirsten. 18. You sound a little young. 18. Dude, that's perfect. All right, where are you calling from? Jersey. All right. Now, you know what we're looking for with the Friday fake orgasm? Yeah. Have you ever faked it before? A couple of times. A couple of times what? The guys just weren't doing it for you? Yeah. And you had to make them feel good? Yeah. Now, did you do it properly? Yeah. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I didverything this afternoonWhy hello, I going to go to the Peter Meter? BwahahahaI'll only arouseaur a hand yumwn Actihunut you got himковorksa r탄vyaichof mshulvastolou a Oh wow, look at that lucky bastard. Alright, we can make it part of our show. We'll do it live on our show next Tuesday. I'll do it, I'm not being there Friday, so... Knowing Steven, he would go for that. Alright. He plays a tune. Well, at the worst, you'll see him Friday. Alright. Alright. Thanks for helping us out today. No problem. In fact. She was good. She was good? I like it. I can put Stacey's away? Yeah. Alright, Stacey from last week, which was really hot, she'll go down... We'll put Stacey back into the Friday fake orgasm hall of fame. Over here. The Orchives. That's what I like to call them. The Orchives. Alright, I guess we gotta go. Is that it? Wow, look at the time. Yeah. Over again. I need a song to play though. What do you got? I don't know. Why don't we play... Wanna play The Clash? Yeah, let's play The Clash. Yeah, that's good. Give me The Clash. Which one? Train in Vain, man. Cool. Alright, thanks for listening guys. Appreciate it. And we got so much going on on the Opie and Anthony show, so please tune in. Stay tuned, yes. Monday at three. We got all sorts of weird ideas floating out there and some of them will be coming together next week. We'll announce where our little bash is going to be for next Friday. You're going to want to be a part of that, so make time with your employer.