 The Rock of New York 1027 W.A.W. 2 for Tuesday, man. Tadakash. Whiskey in the Jar from Karajink and Nothing Else Matters from the Black CD. Yeah! I like to call it the Black CD. Yeah. I think my favorite album of the 90s. Black. Or one of them anyway. When you look at this album, you ask yourself how much more black can this be? And the answer is none. None more black. It's fine. Now, speaking of black, we have Black Earl in the studio. I gotta say your name slow because a lot of people think I'm saying Black Girl. As in, yeah, girl. Female. But no, it's Black Earl, of course. And besides being a friend of the Opie and Anthony show, Black Earl also works in the marketing department here at A.W.A. And we are cooking up something with Metallica. Are we allowed to break this yet or no? There's so many Metallica fans. So close. So close still? We're still so close. Can you give a hint? People like hints. Um, it'll be a unique concert. So, alright, we're gonna give someone a chance to go see Metallica. Yes, in concert. Will it be in the New York area? No. Oh, wow. So that's some good news right there. Thank you. Okay. Metallica fans, stay tuned. Stay tuned, yes. Your official Metallica radio stages. Well, we might be a few years away from that. Yeah. We're still getting out of the James Taylor mode. Give us a little more time. It's kind of hard to make that transition. We did play Knock On Wood by Red Hot Chili Peppers today, though. I mean, Knock Me Down. What am I talking about? Knock Me Down. That's great. Knock Me Down earlier from Mother's Milk. Knock On Wood, yeah. Who did Knock On Wood originally? Eddie Floyd. Thank you. Okay. Hey, here's... Never mind. It's too inside. He'll know the answer to that music question I was asking you today. Oh, yeah. That's way too inside, though. All right. Anyway, where were we? Oh, this is where we were. Faxes, 212-957-WNEW. Here's a fax coming in. Hey, guys, please, please replay the Heston AIDS monkey bit from yesterday. One of the funniest things you guys have done since coming to NW. Wow. Wow. That came out of nowhere yesterday. It really did. Chuck Heston barged in. He was all upset that they had found that AIDS probably started with chimpanzees sometime about 100 years ago. But didn't we know that already, that AIDS came from monkeys originally? We didn't really have proof, Opi. This was just some speculation. So now they're saying that these chimpanzees got AIDS somehow 100 years ago and that it was transferred to humans through the eating of monkey meat. And for some reason, I can only guess because of Planet of the Apes, Heston just freaks out whenever anything has to do with monkeys and chimps. The Rock of New York, 1027-WNEW, 2 for Tuesday. This note's for you live. Come on, bring it home. There you go. And Southern Man, Neil Young, of course. It's Opi and Anthony. A little tidbit of information, I'll tell you. Neil Young may be hooking up with Crosby, Stills and Nash. Again? For the first time since 1974. Where are they going to play? I don't know. I just read it in the paper. Old age home? So they're still working on it. That's interesting. Yeah. All right. We've got the band back together. Dude, we're getting the band back together. Wow. Anthony coming up with some music now. How about that, huh? Not bad. Look at me. A walking Rolling Stone magazine. Is that where you got it from? No. It's in one of the papers. Christine from Valley Stream writes, Guys, I've been trying to get copies of the Stephen Lynch CD. Are you sure his website is pushead at aol.com? There is like 400 sites for Pushead. You know, it's not a website. It's his email address. There's a huge difference there. See people like popping up the browser on their friend's computer. Okay, Pushead at a. Oh, it says there's no such thing. Come on. No, if you want to get a hold of Stephen Lynch, our pal, our buddy, it's pushead at aol.com. That's his email. You write a little email letter and say, Hey, man, I want your CD or hey, man, you're cool or hey, man, I hate your guts. I wish you would die. Whatever you want to write the kid. He'll answer you back and he'll answer you back. Yes. Pushead at aol.com. But if I were him, I would get a webpage lickety split. Yeah. You know, people are looking for it. That's where the future is going. Yes. Now, what do you got over there? Well, I'll be I don't know. It's something tragic. I see on TV a trailer for a movie that's coming out with Juliet Lewis called The Other Sister. Has anyone seen this yet? I still haven't seen the trailer. All right. Rewind to the movie with Sean Cassidy and I think Linda Pearl and they're a couple of retarded kids that want to get married. And that's where the whole we're going to get married. And of course, the parents are outraged because they're overprotective and don't think the retired kids will be able to take care of each other. But they get married and everything's fine. Was this an after school movie? I don't know. It was one of those movies. Or we could rewind to LA Law where the retarded guy that walked around there got a girlfriend and everyone was concerned whether they could get along together and should they have sex and what if they have kids? Well, it's a serious issue facing retards. Is it, Opie? Is it? Well, I'll tell you something. What? I saw this trailer. What do you like to call these days? Yeah. What is the politically correct term? You can't call them one thing or another because sometimes Down syndrome is different than retard. Or some other form of mental retardation. Oh wait, Ralph Titor's got an answer. I would think mentally disabled. Mentally disabled? No, that's what Anthony and I are. We're mentally disabled. I think it's mentally challenged. Challenged now. Yeah, because disabled would mean unable. So that's an on-off switch. So mentally challenged? I got an observation. What? Here we go. He's holding back, kids. I don't think I should say it. Well, it's your fault. Oh, it's my fault. I haven't even said anything. He knows it's going to be offensive. Well, you had to mention Down syndrome. Yes. Do you notice they all look alike? They just have different wigs on. Oh my God. Bellboy, I need these bags taken out of here immediately. What's bad about that? Different wigs on? Yeah. Now that's horrible. You ever go to Disney World or something and you see a whole... They all have the same face. It just looks like they have different wigs. Why? It's a genetic flaw, Opie. Of course they all have the same features. All right, but it's just an observation. I don't mean anything by it. Did I ever convey my story about Burger King? Yes, you did. I was the Down syndrome girl that works in the Burger King on New York Avenue in Huntington. I walked in there. Best service I ever got. I swear to God. I've been with these regular high school kids or whatever and junior high or whatever. They're working in there. They get the audits. Screw it up every time. This girl gets it right every time. The change is right. Nice service. Anthony, back up your story. What did you say before that, though? When you told the story the first time on the air. I was expecting a disaster. Well, that just goes to show you I'm not open-minded. I had my prejudice. But then I realized she's very capable. Yes. I always go to her line when I go there. Now let me just totally trash any image you might have of me now because let's go to this movie trailer. Oh yeah, we're back at the movie trailer. Yeah. It's Juliette Lewis. Her movie is The Other Sister. It is just, I mean, we get hell for doing like a corky Steinbrenner. Ah, heaven and a con dog. Heaven and a con dog. And people call it going, you're horrible with that whole thing. This is all they're doing when they're imitating and acting like they're a retarded little couple. Also, it's not real mentally disabled. Unless Juliette Lewis is mentally challenged. Okay. You know? I'm on the trailer for the new movie. That makes you laugh, Anthony. Is that true? Oh, I'm on the floor every time this comes on. It's corky. Her boyfriend that shows up is corky. And they're talking about sex and it's all... Aren't they reading out of... They're reading out of the Joy of Sex book. What is retarded sex? Well, that's what they're doing. I don't want to retard sex. It's gone too far. Why? What is retarded sex? I don't know. I had some this morning. He and Jen had some retarded sex. We were drooling. No, I'm just saying. You know, I don't want to... If someone has a definition for retarded sex, please fax it in the text. Or send it on the Instant Feedback because I want to see what the listeners think retarded sex is. Let's go through a little bit of this trailer and you'll see Juliette Lewis and her imitation. Okay? Let's go. Alright. Winnie! Your mother said another 15 minutes. Did you tell her that I don't like tennis still? She said that all well-bred girls play tennis with chess or bridge. Is it 15 minutes yet? See, she's getting whacked by tennis balls coming out of the machine. It's hysterical. I fall down, die laughing. She's trying to hit him with the tennis racket. I can't play tennis! I mean, you don't think that's a scream? You're going to hell, man. Why? I'm like, I'm roaring. Alright, let's hear the rest of the trailer. My parents get off my back. But now at last, she's finally met someone who understands. I want you to meet Daniel. Oh, no! Don't worry, because I've been house-framed. I'm telling you, that boy's a real rich man. I don't think he's after our money. I love Carla. She's the only one that makes me feel like a person. I mean, now come on. That is definitely Corky's time, Brennan. That's the same imitation I do as Corky. I love her. I'm a con dog. I'm the paper game. Right? Am I right? Okay. Alright, let's listen a little more. Seriously, how are you concerned? Just the armless meditation. The parents are very concerned over you. Page... Joy of Sex. ...four is okay, but I don't want to do page one at fifty-five. She's trying very hard. Now, see, I have a problem. They're going through going, page one fifty-four, like good. Like they're going through the Joy of Sex and they're going to have retard sex. I'm not going to the movies for retard sex. Think of a poor guy sitting there who hasn't gotten any in like a year. You know? And he goes to a movie and they're having retard sex on their own. Well, look, it might be a touching story, okay? It might be one of those movies we were talking about last week that the chick got to drag you to. But what are you going to go like, oh cool, sexy, yeah. You know, will you be sitting there going, like when you watch a regular movie and you see a couple ready to go at it, like oh, maybe we'll catch a peak. Yeah, this is going to be good. You want to see retard sex? Why are you hanging me out to dry here? Say something, for God's sake. It's too much fun to watch you scram. Let's continue. All right. It's pretty hard to show that she's a responsible person. This is a child's life and this is my child's life and I am going to protect her. He's one forty-six. Looks pretty good. I don't think that he can take care of you. He can barely take care of himself. Same story. We can take care of each other. An ordinary life is an extraordinary achievement. When you reach a certain age and you're not talking to your children, say the parents. It's a very important part of the journey. Very concerning. I think there's one more line. One more line. Daniel's falling down. Julie Ed Lewis, Diane Jesus, Tom Scarrett, and Giovanni Rubizzi. I wonder who thought up sex in the first place. I think it was Madonna. I wonder who thought up sex in the first place. I think it was Madonna. I mean, well, there it is. That's the trailer for it. So you're done with your observation. I'm done. Well, the movie's been done a thousand times. I think the mentally challenged community is going to be up in arms that real retarded people weren't used in this. And it's been done a thousand times. I don't want to go to the movies to see retarded love. Retard sex. Right. So every time you see that trailer, you're on the floor laughing, right? God, I'm roaring. I can't handle it because it's a bad imitation. It's official. You're more demanded than I am. Come on. They're sitting there like, eh, eh, eh. Where the hell is that guy that got mad? They're doing it. I think we should go to the phones next. The Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW. We better get back to the music. It's a little safer that way. Anthony's on the loose today. I'm separating myself from that one. For a fresh second opinion and free videotape, call us at Staten Island University Hospital, 1-800-285-4584. 1-800-285-4584. I don't know about you, but I want to party with that guy. Priceline.com, Anthony. Ah, yes. Great service. Now we need a new angle to talk about Priceline.com. They've been a sponsor on our show for over a month now. Yes. Got to freshen up the copy a little bit. Okay. So I'll give it a try here. Uh-oh. If you're thinking about having some retarded sex in the near future and you need a hotel room, I think you need to give Priceline.com a try. Check. Is that a good angle? I know. Considering what we've been talking about today, I figured I'd try that angle. I think maybe take two on this one. Why? There are people out there that are interested in retarded sex. Well, I guess if there were... You said you had retarded sex this morning. I did. Okay. Me and Jen. So I'm not saying anything bad by saying retarded sex. Unless you were listening 15 minutes ago and then you understand the connection. Okay, then I guess you would want to save some money maybe. Right. If you're going to have sex with me, I'm going to have to do it. Then I guess you would want to save some money maybe. Right. If you're going to get a hotel room, there's only one way to really save a lot of money. Priceline. Priceline. Of course. Valentine's Day around the corner, you might want to do a little romantic getaway to have that retarded sex. Right. And you don't want to pay top dollar. No one wants to pay top dollar in this day and age. You can name your own price for a hotel room. And Priceline.com will match that price. Right. And if you use their service, they're going to give you a free hotel night. Free. So you can have that retarded sex on a free night. That's right. All right. Only with Priceline's help. Need a hotel? Simple as this. Give them a call and see what they can do for you. If you don't like what they do for you, then you move on. But I think you're going to be happy. Oh, you'll be happy. 1027 WNAW, The Rock of New York, Two for Tuesday, REM, From Out of Time. That's the radio song. And what's the frequency? Kenneth before that. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey, have this visual bowl. Two for Tuesday. Yeah, pretty nasty out there. But we're having fun on the radio. Of course we are. Our lovely faithful listeners still haven't come up with a good definition for a retarded sex. So if you're looking to participate with the show today, you might want to send your definition in. You had to be listening about a half hour ago. Yeah. That's why you got to listen a little longer to the show. I guess. And we also want to welcome all the brand new members of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. This is just taking off. Hearing from a lot of people today, a lot of people getting inducted once again as they listen to our show. It's got a life of its own. Soon we're going to have Hummerware. We're going to come out with a little clothing that you can wear, proudly display that you are truly a member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Correct. And I think we're going to have something to slap on your car. Yeah. We're working on logos and stuff. Maybe something like you put on the side of fighter planes when you shoot down somebody. Maybe like a splooge thing. And you can stick it on your door. Like you're five of them and you're an ace. You're an ace? Yeah. Like they used to put the jab zeros on the side of their planes. Something like that. And the Hummerware, this is kind of a cool thing. We're going to give all the money to charity. We're going to come up with some hats. We are? Oh, we are. Yeah, it's called the Opie and Anthony charity. We're going to have t-shirts and hats and other stuff. Maybe some type of sticker you can put on your car and it will all go for a good cause, believe it or not. Believe it or not. I know, it's hard to believe. But Jeffrey writing an email here. He says, Opinac, I would just like to let you gentlemen know that I will become an official member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club within the next hour. What time did he write this? 3.45, 4.45? I believe. Oh, he's in. Jeffrey is officially in. I explained to my woman that Tuesday is a boring day and that I would like it spiced up a bit. I told her about your club and she thought it was a great idea. So thank you gentlemen for getting me what every man wants and craves, some casual oral. Great show. Please play the Special Olympics song for me later. Cool. There you go, Jeffrey, a new member of the club. Congratulations. I redeemed myself last night in the eyes of my wife. Well, you remember I was having a hard time with Half-Life? Yes. My computer game, getting online. Man, I blew it last week real bad. Real bad. Guys, let's get on a little something here. If you come home and your wife has a great dinner cooked for you, a log in the fireplace, candles lit all over the house, all over, and you walk in under no circumstances, hang up your coat, sit in front of your computer and begin to play Half-Life. You did not do that. Did you really? I did. This was last week. So she methodically went around, blew the candles out, flipped the lights back on. Then the next day, took off the teddy, all the candlesticks were gone from the house. She went to the point now where she packed the candlesticks away. Just put them away. She was pissed. You're a retard. I know. It tells you how incredibly stupid I am. So last night, I came in, candles all lit. I didn't even glance. I didn't even give the computer a glance in the corner. Honey, it looks great in here. Believe me. That's funny. You had no clue? No, I had a clue, but it's an addiction. I couldn't stop. You know how it is. You think the crackhead that shoots his grandma in the head afterwards is going, well, I'm glad I shot grandma. No, it's more like, oh damn, now I smoked the crack. Grandma's dead. You kind of feel bad afterwards. Well, while we're on the subject of video games, I finished India, finally. You finished India? It only took me two and a half weeks, but thank you. Tomb Raider 3? Tomb Raider 3. I made it past India. Very good. Thank you. Thank you very much. Now how much further you got to go? I'm a fifth of the way done with the game. One fifth. One fifth. So by the time winter is over, I will complete Tomb Raider 3. Now I can't imagine you haven't had any complications with you playing these games. No, it's kind of weird saying. In a relationship. No, it's weird saying he's like my co-pilot. She came up with the final move in India. I see. The final move. See, the final move, you've got to slide down this ramp. And you pop out and it's like this pool with these platforms all around the room. And in the middle is this guy they call the boss man. And he throws fire. And the first fire he throws makes the whole pool like a lava, boiling water pool. Oh no. So you can't go in the pool. Now you've got to run around the platforms surrounding this guy and shoot him before he hits you with the fire. Right. And I have my pistols out Anthony and I'm going crazy over and over and over again. I can't figure it out. It keeps hitting me with the fire and I'm burning. Damn. What did you do? Well Sandy, I was kind of pissed that she figured it out. She goes, no man, what you got to do is you got to take your shotgun out. And you got to jump immediately to the center square where the boss man is with the fire and just unload the shotgun into him. Well, so I did that. Bam, bam, bam. Six shotgun. He's out. All right. India done. Thanks to Sandy. See, I get in trouble. Got to be careful guys. Hi, any W. Oh, yeah. What's up? Who is this? I'll be an Anthony. Yeah, what's up? Hey, I was just listening to your bid on Juliette Lewis and stuff. Yeah. And I ran some groups for people with developmental disabilities, sexuality groups. Yes. And there's a lot of stuff going on. You'd be surprised. Like what? Help us out here. Share. There's a large number of folks having sex on a regular basis. Nothing unusual. People with mentally challenged individuals having sex. Yeah, people with developmental disabilities. Got to be politically correct here. Now, developmental disabilities? Yeah. It's so easy just to say retards. I'm sorry if the term is offensive. I mean, you got to call them as you see them sometimes. I call Anthony a guinea, so why can't I call a retard a retard? Right. Oh, because me a retard too. That's right. Not only that, but they're cool people. I mean, I would... Well, we know. I completely understand that. We know that. But what's in a name? Now, be honest. Have you taken a peek at retard sex? Be honest. Have I taken a peek at it? Have you seen it? I've heard enough stories though. Well, give us one cute little story. About people doing things in bathrooms and stuff like that. Really? Yeah. In the bathroom. Getting caught. Shame on them. See, I just can't imagine that somebody with some mental problems wouldn't just get complete sensory overload, because I know I do. You know? You make these dopey faces and noises, and you're writhing around. I just can't imagine somebody that can't really grasp normal relationships and stuff. Yeah, but it's... Just not totally freaking out. It's human desire to stay if you don't need to have major brain problems. You know? It's just tougher to deal with, because you can't process it all properly. Sometimes it's just instinct more than anything else. Do you even remember your first orgasm? Oh, yes. Do you? Did it just freak you the hell out? Yes, it did. It was like, hey, wait. What's this kind of... Hey! Hey! This is pretty cool. But you screwed the GI Joe's. Imagine all of a sudden your toys get packed away. And you can deal with it. Imagine if you can't deal with it as well. Oh, my goodness. Once you're into it, you can't get away from it. Well, I look at that Julia Lewis new movie there coming out, and I just see them thumbing through the pages of The Joy of Sex. That was pretty bad. Most people don't talk that way. I don't know. I think... That looks like a goof. We were laughing in the car when we heard that one. Did you ever use The Joy of Sex, Opie? Did you ever actually use that? No. That was always the book that you found at your friend's parent's room or something. I think I found that book at my parent's house. Really? That's got to be embarrassing. I think my mom handed me the book. Come on! Yeah, because I was like 14 or 15 and had no interest in just the opposite sex or just sex in general. They were starting to get scared. I remember they threw the book at me. That's right. Stop it. Swear to you. Wait, your parents gave you The Joy of Sex? My memory is a little fuzzy, but I think they left it in my room or something was going on. There must have been this big discussion between them beforehand. Should we give them the book? Because I was 15 and still into sports and everything, not showing any interest in real life sex at all. How embarrassing that is. I made up for lost time. That's for sure. Who are the guys? Who are you? You got me. You don't find that a little bizarre that your parents gave you a copy of The Joy of Sex? Well, I've got to get my mom on the phone or something. She'll explain it, I guess. But no, my dad had a real tough time explaining the whole sex thing to me because I ran up and I ran to the top of an apple tree and I refused to come down. We told that story on the air. Yeah, when he was going to have the talk with you. Well, if you really want to get into it, it was the famous film at school that screwed everyone up. All of a sudden you're going to school and you're assuming you're going to play another game of kickball or play around with the big parachute in junior high. Next thing you know you go to gym and they separate the boys and the girls. What the heck is this about? They show you the movie. All of a sudden Johnny started growing hair in places he hadn't had hair before. Hygiene is very important during this period in life. You're like, hey, this isn't Hemo the Magnificent. Wait a minute, what movie is this? So we're all looking at the screen just freaking the F out. And then the teacher comes on and says, if you have any further questions about anything you just saw, your parents have been informed to discuss it with you. So when I go ahead, go. You may notice girls hips might be getting a bit wider. They're growing breasts. And your friends in the locker room have various sizes of genitalia. If yours is small, don't worry. You'll develop just like they did. I'll try to give you a little consolation. So the story goes, I went home and they warned us that the parents were prepared. And so my dad comes up to me and starts discussing and I ran right up to the top of a damn apple tree. And I said, I'm not coming down if you're going to continue talking about mom's boobs. And I said, I'm not going to go to the Walton's running up an apple tree. It's the truth. Hi, NW. Yeah, hey. First of all, you guys rule. Hey, thanks. Second thing is, that Joy of Sex book? Yeah. I tell you something, I grew up, it's been on the shelf in my kitchen as a kid growing up since I was like four years old. Really? I'm telling you, my friend used to come over and we'd come to the book and like look at those stupid illustrations. Yeah, they were all those stupid pencil drawings. They were like drawings. Pencil drawings, yeah. I mean, no one ever gave them to me, but it was just up there. In the kitchen? Yeah. They kept it right in the kitchen? Off the telephone, next to the Bible and everything else, all the other good reading. See, there was probably a big discussion with your parents too, like, well, we should keep this somewhere where they'll know where it is or if they need it. So we won't have to talk about it. Yeah, yeah, so we won't even have to talk about it. I said, well, maybe the boys will find it on their own. Right. And the funny thing is, I was about 14 or 15 and I swiped a box of Forex from my dad. Forex. I hit him in the only place I thought my mother would have looked, which was like a Matt Barmichael's dude. And he goes, just like, oh my God, I found these in his suit in his torrents closet. My dad said, just put them back, we've folded it years in them. There you go. All right. Thank God. That's my boy. Thanks, man. Yeah, the parents must just plan all that out. We can put it here so that we won't have to talk about it. Well, we are running really late, but we've hit a nerve. 1027 WNEW. The Rock of New York, Jimi Hendrix, Red House and Fire Before That. It's Opie and Anthony. Someone like Edith Bunker orgasming to Hendrix's guitar. That is a little out there, huh? Yeah. A little surreal. Yeah. Well, we like to play all our Hummer clips on Tuesday. Yes, we do. We got the Donald Duck in. We got the Hummer Queen song in. Yes, those are our Tuesday staples. We haven't played the official song of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. That will happen in the 6 o'clock hour. Of course, it's applied by Red Peters. Red Peters, our pal. I've got this little ditty we can play really fast. What have you got? Considering Monica is on the front page of all the papers today. Well, once again, got to hand it to The Post with their headline, Monica Zips Her Lips. That's pretty cute, huh? Anytime they could say lips in Monica or mouth, they will. By the size of her, though, it doesn't look like she's been zipping any lips at all. Bill's lawyer delivers apology. That's sincere. Jesus. Oh, and I just turned the page. Did everyone else see the cute little picture of the cause on page 2 of The Post? Yeah, what's up with that? Is he doing a stick? Did we miss this last night when he was taping Letterman? Did he come out like this with his little cute doggy slippers with the cigar out of its mouth? You see, I got my doggy slippers to make me feel good when I'm sick. You see, I'm just like the retarded child on the David Letterman show. Yeah, he's walking out with his bathrobe on. He's got a cigar and all this, I guess all his cold medicine or whatever. Yeah, he's got the flu. Maybe if he put down those big, stinking cigars, he wouldn't feel so bad. Sucking on that big log. Oh, jeez. Well, I was going to play the Lewinsky song. Oh, God. I am pulling every episode of The Little Rascals off the TV because that's a racist show with the bugweed and the stymie, you see. Me and Camille are very offended by bugweed, you see. It doesn't portray a black child in a positive light, you see. So he's the one we can blame for that? Yes, the cause bought the rights to The Little Rascals there, you see. But it's okay to put a black child cartoon character that talks like Wubba Bubba Cubba Bubba on the Bill Cosby cartoon show, you see. Because that's okay, you see. I guess he found morals later on in his life. I was offended, me and my wife Camille, by the bugweed and the stymie. But it's okay to have a big fat black guy go, hey, hey, hey, you see. Well, that's awfully hypocritical of Mr. Cosby. Jello pudding, pudding. Yeah. All right. Hey, Cosby, are you a member of the Tuesday Night Humber Club? Yes, my wife Camille inducted me. I just told her it was a Jello pudding pop. As we went to town on that one, you see. I am a member in good standing of the Tuesday Night Humber Club there. Now, did you reciprocate? Of course I reciprocated. Yeah? Of course I did. What did you do? Well, I got on a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a-a you see. Did you take the cigar out of your mouth for a few minutes or? I took the cigar out, what do you think the cause is? An animal? Adeline wrapped down on that thing and... Isaac... and she enjoyed that. Like Jell-O pudding. The cause knows how to please the woman. The cause can please the woman. Yeah! Get down to me Pop Camille yeah get down on it Camille Oh Now I'm a member of the Tuesday on my glove well congratulations, mr. Cosby, I hope you feel better with your flu All right, well I wanted to play this diddy I don't know how we started talking about Cosby We were talking about Monica Lewinsky. No, and where did Anthony go? Mr. Cos Oh, so damn I missed the cause was in here. Where the hell were you? I was talking with Perry White about a story me and Jimmy Olsen was Superman here You always missed the celebrities when they come Well, check out this diddy. I will be back with you want to hear the who or collective soul Hmm to go either way. Yeah, you pick 7 W a W the Rock of New York to Tuesday collective soul off their new CD dosage That's run and if you like that song you want to check out the rest of the CD We're gonna world premiere that for you tomorrow night at 11 p.m. Right here at NPW Soapy Anthony hello, and now people are just freaking out about the Tuesday night Hammer Club Well, it's got a life of its own. It's taking off It really is a lot of people getting involved becoming members Of course with the Laura Korn thing we had but last week with that special technique special technique It just revitalized people that were already members now They wanted to become members with this new technique by the way the new technique that Laura Korn Wait, well we gave out the secret. Yes, cuz we sold her enough damn books Of course, if you've had that done to you, you were a platinum member Yes platinum here a platinum member of the Tuesday night Hammer Club and you're entitled to platinum privileges. That's right And we will give away the technique, you know one of these Tuesdays again, not today though. No, all right Instant feedback here. Hey you guys my guy David is fighting the traffic on route 80 right now After having a real s day at work Could you help me put a smile on his face and tell him that he'll be initiated into the Tuesday night Hammer Club tonight And then she writes he he he he you can also tell him I love him Just don't say my name because my daughter may be listening Rocks well see this is what it's all about Just making people happy, you know That's it Have a lousy day lousy commute home. It's Tuesday It's kind of boring and then now you have that to look forward to Denise says she wants to become a member the Tuesday night Hammer Club. All right, Denise Well, find a guy and go to town My wife says that at the moment when oh we were talking about retard sex earlier My wife says at the moment when I reach total happiness I do this retarded act curled arms stupid face shaking uncontrolled. But boy does it feel good? That's my definition of retard sex Everybody does that stupid face and oh my god, I can't read that one. I mean I could but then we'd be kicked off the radio Pete thinks I'm gay. No, Pete. I'm not I'm not Okay All right Rick is telling us that we have a couple in the car Okay, I want to talk to us any W. What's up? Hey, I want to know if I can get on the air because if I did I told my husband I'd give him a hammer for Hammer Tuesday. We're driving home from work You're on the air. I'm on the air. Yes. Well, then I guess I gotta go to work Now what road are you guys on? No kidding now who's driving Watch out guys Give him the phone. Oh god, we'll see how far we can go with this Are you a member of the club or you're gonna become a member Yeah, she's gonna do She's gonna do it on the road I said you every Tuesday I come home late summer Tuesday I'm a Tuesday and I've been beating on her so we're commuting home tonight. I'm like you owe me one. It's summer, too Well, what do you say you at least get things started right now that works for me. All right, let her rip Gotta get started, honey All right, just describe what she's doing carefully right now and zip in my drawer All right, and how fast you going? Right now I'm all over the road How fast did I go you kidding me? I got a couple of cars in front of me. I'm gonna play start smashing into a be careful Be careful the hell with it. It's worth it All right. Now what's going on now? Well, we're starting I wish you guys were here I Actually, I wish what what's that doctor's day dr. Corn? Yeah, she's a pastor Yeah, she really is we're gonna have her back on the shelf Would you gotta do it see if I get a chapter in her book? So what do you think of the impeachment hearings? Actually, I'm counting sheep right now. I want to make sure I Last a little longer, you know Oh my god, I put the phone down there I got to talk to real fast. Okay. Hold on one sec I Got I'm just just starting. All right. Well, let you love birds All right. All right. Wow, if anyone else is on route 78 look out there's a car that's swerving all over the damn road It's like All right, I thought he put quirky on the phone One oh two seven w-n-e-w the Rock of New York to for Tuesday with rush roll the bones You think rush is sitting there now now that that songs eight years old going, you know I wish we didn't put that part that rapping part in that song. Yeah, maybe rapping wasn't a good idea for that song Yeah, there was a time where just like every artist that put out a song how to have the rap section It's a little bit pretty ridiculous. You remember in the early 90s even McDonald's was rapping on their TV commercials It was just a thing to do. Yeah, Mayor McChese laying down a rap. Yeah, but roll the bones I like the song a lot and then also I said, oh, that's right. This is the rapping rush song rapping rush All right. It's opium Anthony and this Hummer Club thing. I think I think No pun intended, but the club has exploded this week It really has no pun intended great I mean we can't we can't talk about anything else today cuz that's all everyone wants to talk about is huge is becoming members of the Tuesday night Hummer Club people are bragging all over the place and This guy didn't sign his name, but he's from Jersey. He writes on the instant feedback you guys rock I just got home from work and found a note on the counter. Hi, honey Be home at 715 Tuesday night Hummer Club. I owe you guys keep it going strong, man How about that? That's huge. She left a note on the counter. That's pretty hot. I got one from Pete Franklin Square Oppenac, please help me out here. My wife Denise is in the kitchen cooking. We always listen during dinner Please explain to her. I need the Hummer Club tell her it's for medical reasons, whatever it takes. Thanks in advance Oh Forever. Oh you guys if it works. Okay, Denise, you're in the kitchen right now. Your man needs the Hummer Put down put down the pots and pans I hope so. I hope so too stone temple pilots on the rock of New York One oh two seven w any w we lose track of time when we do this radio show It's two for Tuesday big empty and creep from core Opie and Anthony and OJ back in the paper OJ and I'm auctioning off some of his goods and look at the post They got to put the goods all there with the price tag in the middle says to die for The post they must just smoke a lot of pot when they put the paper together every day Because the front page of the post today says Monica zips her lips Yeah, and then yeah, like you said the OJ to die for all the items that are up for bid Yeah, they're sitting there making the headlines like What do you think like dude will put to die for It'll be hysterical man Now when OJ thing hit yeah, you know Killing his ex-wife and all that did you ever think in your wildest imagination that there'd be a story Huger than that that would come out I Know I remember just going wow it'll never get better than this But the president getting the Hummer in the Oval Office definitely tops it. It's not as fun. It's a bigger story But it's not as as compelling as the OJ thing was yeah Cuz you had all the characters yet Kato and judge Edo and yeah and Cochran and yeah But then the whole thing with the president like the lawyers talk and everyone's denying everything but the OJ with the the Bronco thing and That was just great. Yeah, it really was. It was great TV Was so tragic and ridiculous at the same time. Mm-hmm Another auctioning off some of his goods. Hopey. Well the Heisman Trophy is going for over a hundred thousand I guess that's the the starting bid on that the prize item right there a three-quarter life-size Sculpture of Simpson going for two to three thousand doesn't even look like him though looks more like black Earl than OJ The football Hall of Fame proclamation doesn't it that looks like black Earl yeah Yeah, the black Crip keeper and then you could get a professional football Hall of Fame commemorative football. Mm-hmm. I want the knife Yeah, where's the OJ knife? OJ is in such trouble financially. You should just at this point Go, okay. Here's the knife He can make a he can he can clear his debts Clear my debts as I look for the real killer. Yeah, right. Whatever happened with that OJ years later Years and years later. We are still looking for the real killer. I swear What a sack Anyway, but I have to thank OJ Simpson. Yes, tell you the truth. Yes, and and why it well if it were not for OJ Simpson I would not have this wonderful radio career. Well, I think you would have had it No, I don't think so I think it was just a chain of events that happened that if any one link was taken out it just wouldn't have happened Yeah, Oh, thank you. It's not that easy to get into radio Well, you did a few voices for Howard before I met you but that was just like voices Yeah, it wasn't I wasn't like on the payroll, you know what I mean? Well, the deal is it is OJ that brought Anthony and I together. Yeah, I got figures, right? We're so demented. It took something like that to get this whole damn thing rolling Yeah, you know Oh Pat is a cute little show there on that station out of Long Island. I was doing nights It was very very cute. Very fun a boo boo boo. You should be a listener of my show. Oh That's what I told you It wasn't that bad is to listen, you know, and I wasn't listening to the Greaseman show Yeah, the daughter did that's right. He was up against me at that time Yes, he was the Greaseman show the Greaseman show when I was We'll be back with more of the Greaseman show No one weird about the Greaseman really fast for you back to the story when I was in college I used to have Tape sent to me of the Greaseman Because you would get maybe like a five-minute tape of the Greaseman a couple bits on you like wow, this is really cool This is funny. This is great stuff Yeah and then when he came to New York and he started doing it night after night and it was just five hours of that over and Over and yeah, I'll doddle and stuff. It's like yeah, I don't god this sucks. It's horrible I was a singer with the village people there I Like make up these stories and it didn't make much sense the stories were going for 20 minutes just to tell a punch line I was on the police force And I was there patrolling here up in Harlem In there this gang started shooting here and I still in and led there And you're like, yeah what and then I just go into a song or something You didn't finish or anything so anyway the old day The OJ Simpson thing hit and yeah, I was doing my radio show Have I even attempted to do that and I've known you we cut that crap right off at the bud when I came a boy Anyway I asked all the local bands to send in like songs about the OJ trial because it was huge Yeah, absolutely huge and I got Honestly about 20 or 30 songs from bands. Yeah, that's why we're encouraging you guys to write a song about the Tuesday night I'm a club will play them on the air. Sure, and who knows you can join our radio show It's great exposure for your band or it's great way to get into radio. So Anthony's band at the time Rod cut Yeah Came up with this song about the OJ trial Uh-huh, and I played it and then just like our Steven Lynch songs people just started calling crazy Request and no J song over and over again and then Anthony and the band came in played it live really Jabber John off the air and Figured we had some kind of rapport that might work on the air. No, yeah Yeah, oh what that's not how it went. No, that's how it what you're gonna bash me now I'm not gonna mess you what that I came in like tank drunk or something. There were those days, but that's in your past I was in construction. I had to drink so the law but anyway, yeah Then then we started doing radio together in the rest of the industry But we figured we'd we'd take a stroll down memory lane today because OJ is in the paper Yep, this was the tune and this was the song we'll see how funny it really was I guess not all four years later got me into radio. Yeah, it could be a little dated but Here's of course, it's dated. It's just this is a little well reminder of how we hooked up I just figure if you're faithful in the show, this will be a Look at that brought a tear to my eye a little flash from the past look how wrong you are though I thought being politically incorrect. I mean just did anyone think he would have got out of that one I know well, he was supposed to get the electric chair. Absolutely amazing. Who knew? All right Well, there you go little trip down the little bit of trivia We might ask you in the future for a prize old memory highway. Yeah, you never know We're gonna start doing that. Yeah, hope you Anthony trivia So we know like we give our prizes to the faithful and make sure you listen and damn it. That's right Alright, um, I don't know. Are we gonna be back? I don't know. What time is it? Wow. I know Wow