 1027 WNEW The Rug of New York 2 for Tuesday with Aerosmith, Mama Kin and Last Child before that. A couple from you two to get the show going today in God's country from the Joshua Tree and 2 Heartbeat is one from war. It's Opie and Anthony. Greetings. Want to say hi to all the members of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. We'll be talking about that off and on today as well as many other things. Of course it's Tuesday. We like getting the festivities started when we get on the air so you may start receiving your hummers now. Here, let's play the Hummer Queen song really fast. Oh yeah, we forgot to play this last week. It's Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time, Hummer Time. It's Opie and Anthony. Have a club on Tuesday. Open wide. It's time to say Hummer Time. Ask your wife politely to get down on her knees. Don't forget to say please because it's Hummer Time. Tuesday is a boring day so take this tip from O and A. Have a ball. Take to the ball. It's an R-O-3 for all. Dare to swallow. It's okay. Watch those deep-fits. Heart's a-pain. Hey, don't worry. Bounce and taste it. Hummer Time. I love that song. We're going to have a brand new one to add to the mix today as well. Yeah, Stephen Lynch coming in. Coming in in the five o'clock hour and he says, rumor has it, he's got a song for the Tuesday Night Hummer Club that he's going to debut on the show today. Very excited to hear that song, Opie. Can't wait. And he's playing Carolines tomorrow night. 730 show. You and I will be there hosting and rumor has it, show almost sold out just like we told you it would. Of course. You might want to call Carolines and get your tickets immediately. It'll be a good time. Yes. It's going to be fun. All right. I don't know. We're just getting warmed up, I guess. What is this doing in front of me? What is that? Oh. Well, we can talk about Nadia Kolymich. We can talk about her later. This is Opie's first little girlfriend. Well, yeah. Yeah. Why? Why put it in front of me, though? Well, we all got a copy. Really? No one left this behind, Matt Devotee. Why? Because he thought it was really funny when he found out that the first girl I had the hots for was Nadia Kolymich. First wet dream. Ah. I don't know what I was thinking. We'll talk about that later as well. All right. Phone line, 212-757-1027. The instant feedback all set and ready to go. Just go to the WNAW website, click on our pictures, and there's a section in there where you can instantly email us here in the studio. I'm refreshing it right now. And yeah, I don't know if it's working because you're looking at a... Yeah, it is. Oh, it is? Okay. Yeah. Anything good that we can read already? Let's see. First one that pops up, Bill M. from Rybrooke. Just had a chance to check out the new Tarah picks. Must say much, much, much better. Also, it looks like the photographer must have been practicing. That's Anthony. I took the pictures, but I did have a different camera. All right. And of course, the fax line is 212-957-WNAW. Two for Tuesday with Soundgarden on 1027, WNAW, Bird in My Hand, and Spoonman before that. It's Opie and Anthony. And the faxes are coming in for the club, Anthony. Already. Oh, this one's great. From Evelyn, referring to the Tuesday Night Hammer Club, please mention to Dennis working in Manhasset to get his ass out of work early if he wants to be inducted tonight. Ooh. You guys rule. Butt plug forever. Butt plug? Butt plug. Dennis, leave work now. What, are you kidding me? Man. Evelyn, if you're listening, you've got to call up. We want to talk to you on the air. I didn't want to call you at work and embarrass you. You know, you might want to cross out your work number next time you send a fax like this. Nope. Yeah, watch that. With the company name and everything, you know. But Evelyn, if you want to talk to us, give us a call, all right? All right. Tuesday Hammer Club underway. Yes. Steven Lynch on his way in at 5 o'clock today. Got a new song. And there he is. There's the loser. You knew they'd put the guy's face on the front page of the paper today. Driver number one snared in the Dewey Dragnet and had his car taken away. Francisco El Monte. But it was a beater, man. 1987 Toyota, right? Is that the one he had? Yeah. Yeah, there it is. Yep. 1987 Toyota. Oh, what a surprise. He had a drinking car. Yeah. You know, Anthony started the drinking car thing yesterday. Yeah. And I guess people enjoyed Anthony's concept so much that they used it on their own show today. That's OK. In the morning. I appreciate it. Appreciate the props. Yeah, I was saying, obviously, you get yourself a crap mobile, your drunk mobile, and minimal insurance. And yeah, you have your friends use it. Yep. When they want to go out. And it's the drunk car that gets taken away. Like, oh, well, there you go. I could get another one of these. But Francisco Almont. This guy's a winner. The first motorist, Ned, in the city's new campaign to seize cars of drunken drivers has been arrested eight times before on charges he got behind the wheel while intoxicated. Eight times? Eight times. Though Almont, forty seven, was convicted or pleaded guilty five of the eight times he was arrested, he had a valid license Sunday when they arrested him again for drinking and driving. Now, how do you get your license back after being charged with Dewey that much? Eight times. This many times. Well, this is what we were talking about yesterday. It's like we think this whole law is a real stupid idea. Stupid. If the mayor really wants to crack down on drunk driving, why is a guy that was convicted five out of eight times driving drunk? Why does that guy have a license to begin with? Exactly. Do you honestly think this guy, when he gets out of jail or wherever he is, he probably just got a slap on the wrist? You don't think he's going to get behind another car? Well, behind the car wouldn't be bad. Behind the wheel, that's another story. Behind the car, whatever. Right. Well, he'll get behind the car and someone will back over him. Yeah, well, he's so drunk he might just get behind the car. You know what I'm saying though? This guy's not going to stop doing this. So what did we prove by taking the car away from him? And then they arrested another guy, because there's a whole bunch of people in the paper today. Another guy that had his license suspended 22 times? How does that happen? 22? Man. Honestly, your license has been suspended. Let's give you 10 times. Maybe after that it's time to just not give you a license ever, ever again. How do you get suspended 22 times? I don't know. Wow. 22. 22 times. There's a very simple way to stay out of this problem for you and your family and anyone else. Do not drink and get behind the wheel of a car, Giuliani said. Just don't do it. Well, that's easy for someone who gets limoed around everywhere. What a jack-off. What is he talking about? Sometimes you go out, you go to the bar, you drink two beers and you're over the limit. You get pulled over, you're screwed. You can drive. And they're taking your brand new car away that they should have tough laws like this guy? Forget about it. This many times? Yeah. Just take this guy's license away. Give him some jail time. Whatever. Whatever it takes. When you're cruising around, you've got a couple of beers and you get pulled over and get popped. Now that's ridiculous. Of course it is. Totally. Of course it is. You shouldn't take your car away for that. But I guess we're going to get one of the guys that got caught and had his car taken away. We're going to have him on the show a little later on. Are we? Yeah, I think we're going to talk to him within about 40 minutes it looks like. Can I force you to pick me? Have a page written. Have a page written? All right, good. Ralph? I don't think it's a totally bad law. I really don't. Why? I just don't think, the problem with it I think the flaw is that it's after the first shot. I think everybody's allowed to make a mistake. Well. And it should be severe and the license should get suspended and all that. But to take the car away immediately, that doesn't quite sit right with me. Well. The second time maybe take the car. Well, but the point I'm trying to make, a guy like the guy on the front page of the Daily News, that guy is, it didn't deter this guy. He's going to go and drink again if he can get his hands on another vehicle. And first of all, any type of, the real thing here is the seizure of personal property before a conviction. Which is, come on, you can't do that. Right. The ACLU's got to jump on this one. I think it was in the post, they said where will the mayor stop? You know, if you're caught jaywalking are they going to take your shoes away? Actually, we're going to be confiscating feet. We have the police out there with hatchets. And if you are jaywalking, we're going to steal your feet. Too much. He's a rip, this guy. He drives around, he's limoed around everywhere and he's saying, he goes to these functions where, you know, he's down in a couple. At these little political things, all the drunk politicians. And they all hop in their chauffeur driven limos and they're a cart at home. Right. What about us people that have to drive everywhere? What about the average man? Yeah, you go to like a friend's wedding. You drink at a wedding. Now you've got to drive home. I don't say you get snotty drunk and try to drive home. That's stupid. But after a few beers or a few drinks and you're safe to drive, you can still get popped. By the law, you're not safe to drive though. By the law, you're not safe to drive. That's where my drunk driver's license comes in. You have motor vehicles set up a test for people that want to drink and drive. They test you after a certain blood alcohol level. To see how good you are? A rigorous course, not the stupid, dopey DMV course that they give you every time you try to get a license. I mean a real hard course. And you are rated on your license for a .1 or a .13 or a .2. That would be me. Or some people would wash out a .03. He's serious. People handle alcohol differently. He's serious. Of course they do. A cop would give you a breathalyzer. All right, you blew a .09. You know, you're impaired. You're just below. Well, officer, look, I'm rated at a .12. Be on your way. You're free to go. He's serious. I like this idea. Anthony drove perfectly fine after yesterday's show when we were drinking the malt liquor on our show. No problems all the way home, right? Some people's tolerance is higher than others. As far as alcohol is concerned, I don't think we should all be lumped in the category. What about the skinny little chick you used to see at the parties? One glass of bubbly and she's snotted. She's running around taking her clothes off. And then there's your big fat friend who could just drink all night long. Hefty keg. Why should the law be the same for these two people to hop behind a wheel? Hmm? Some people aren't good under the legal limit. They're bouncing off the walls and they have a .05. Some people, you got a one and you're fine. Why should we all be judged the same? Have a drunk driver's license. So maybe Mr. DWI number one had like a .25. No, he hit something. The reason they got him is he hit something. Obviously. But you're saying if he had a .25 on his license. Well, no, this guy. Then the eight-time priors would have probably... No, let me tell you something. This guy was snotting. From his record, he would probably have a very low point of value on his drunk driver's license and be getting pulled over anyway and getting arrested because he's rated for a .05, let's say. And he's bouncing off of things. He's drunk all the time. He's getting pulled over eight times. Anthony, the sad part is your rules aren't even in effect and he got away with it eight times. Right. Well, put my rules in effect. Anthony for mayor. Yes. That's what you get with Mayor Anthony at the helm. Now, this guy had a .19, though. The guy was snotting. We're talking about those fringe people. I'm talking when you go out to a bar, you're going to drink and have to drive home. There was one in the article that was kind of fringe. The second guy they nailed, I think. What is it? .1 is the legal limit? He was like .11. Well, that's over. That's just over a little bit, though, isn't it? Yeah. And his car is gone. Gone. That's the law. Accurate goodbyes. See, now maybe he could have been rated at a .15 and been fine. But until Mayor Anthony is in, you won't see such a law. And believe me, I'll bring the strip clubs back. Hey, you want to talk to Evelyn real fast? Bottomless. What? We have to get to the ceiling. Silly, bottomless? Come on. Bring it back. Bring it back is right. You want to talk to Evelyn real fast? Yeah, sure. We started the break with Evelyn. Evelyn. Hi, guys. Hi. So you're going to induct your husband tonight? Boyfriend. Boyfriend. He's not a member of the Tuesday Night Hammer Club? No, because he works too hard. You think he's listening to us right now? Well, I know he is because I just beat him to listen. Oh. All right. So why don't you talk to him through the radio now? Go ahead. Dennis, get your ass out of work early tonight, hon. What do you got in store for him? Well, what do you think? Well, I don't know. What's the move, though? Are you just going to go for it or are you just going to kind of? I'm not just going to jump down and nail it. All right. Little din-din or something or what? Well, we'll see what happens. We'll see what time he gets home. If he gets home early, if he gets home late. So you're going to dress all seductive for when he comes home? Oh, I don't have to do that. Oh. I like this girl right to the point. So basically, if Dennis gets home early, he's going to be in? Oh, definitely. Man, Dennis. Without a doubt. It's a no-brainer. Yeah, you've got to leave. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. It's a no-brainer. Yeah, you've got to leave. Dennis, you've got to leave. No-brainer. All right, Evelyn. Let us know if it happens. It calls tomorrow. I'll call you tomorrow, guys. All right, Evelyn. Anthony for Governor. Yeah. You're welcome. Bye-bye. I think a DJ has done that already in this town. From mayor to governor. Yeah, look at that. I'm just trying to get mayor. 1027W&EW, the Rock of New York, two for Tuesday with Deep Purple. Love that song. Knock it on your back door in space trucking before that from Machine Head. It's Opie and Anthony talking about the drunk driving law that the mayor's got going where they take away your car. Yeah. And Rick is dialing up one of the guys that got caught already. Really? Yeah, we're going to talk to him on the air. All right. He had his car taken away from him. Damn. Last night, matter of fact. This is pretty fresh. And so as Rick's got the phone call, we'll put him on the air. Hi, NW. What's up, guys? What's up? I won't favor that drunk driving test. Who's idea was that? Anthony. Yeah, you know, I got a problem with the government telling me I can't drive my car after two beers, but they don't have a problem with every senior citizen driving around who has the reaction time of a turtle. How come it's only the old people's cars that the accelerator sticks? I don't know what happened. The accelerator stuck. I knew a guy who was an epileptic and he still had his license. He was my neighbor. Every other month, he'd come home with his car totaled. All right, guys. Good show. Talk to you later. All right, Anthony. I think we got the guy on the line. One of the guys that got his car taken away last night as part of the new law that the mayor enacted. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Where the hell's my car? I can't seem to find my automobile. They seem to have taken it from me. Hello? Yeah, we're here. I am Arthur. Yeah, we figured that out, my John. I race cars, play tennis, and fondle women. But I have weekends off and I am my own boss. Hey, where the hell's my car? Don't you hate me as you, Annie? Well, a lot of people do. I can't believe they took my car. I should have let Bittman drive. Whoa, Arthur. What happened? Hello? Yeah, what happened? Well, it was my car. I was on my way to Long Island to see Susan. You know, in the right light, she's quite beautiful. But you can't always depend on that light. You know, Susan said a real woman could keep me from drinking. It would have to be a real big woman. Arthur! You keep falling down, you all right? Hi, Linda. Don't you hate Perry's wife? Yeah, we all do. Hobson is very angry with me. Yeah? When the officers stopped me, I fell out of the car. Is that the funniest thing you ever heard of? I fell out of the car. Bittman, do you want to double your salary? Well, then open that door. I think now I should be going to the hospital. All right, Ed. Hey, where's my car? He's all done again. Hello? Hobson, Hobson, can you believe it? I dropped the phone. Is that the funniest thing you ever heard of? Everything you say is funny. How do I get my car back? I don't know. Is there a way to get my car back? That was my favorite car. Number 452. I only have 451 now. What should I have him take next? Maybe the rose. Maybe, yeah. I'm going to look. Oh, there's my car. There it is. Oh, your head. I think now I should be going. All right, Arthur. Hobson's taking the knife out of the cheese. You think he wants a piece of cheese? Put that down, Hobson. Arthur. All right, there he goes, everyone, Arthur. Oh, man, is that funny. All right, Two for Tuesday continues. On the way, we got some Dazenu and Lenin Skinner next. Anthony, where'd you go? I was right here. I was right here. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York, Two for Tuesday with Skinner. It's a Saturday night special. Every time I hear that song, it reminds me of the laser show in Huntington when I was growing up. That was one of the songs they did. They made a big gun on the screen with lasers. Rock! Wow, how did they do that? Cool. There's a bunch of songs that I hear. It just brings me right back to going into that. What's the name of the theater? Because you went and saw Blue Ocicle recently there. Yeah, it's right on New York Avenue. Yeah, 110 just before Main Street. It's the Huntington Arts Center. I forgot the name of it way back then, but they had the laser show. So every time I hear Godzilla by BOC, because that was another favorite for the laser show, Saturday Night Special, Skinner, they did Bye Bye Love by the Cars, Cashmere by Zeppelin. Dude, you're forgetting some Floyd. I know, I'm trying to remember what Floyd's song they used to do. Before they dedicated the whole laser show to Floyd, Laser Floyd. I can't remember. They probably did All of Dark Side of the Moon or something. Yeah, be cool, man. Did you bring the Tic Tacs and Visine for when Mom picks us up? The Ferris thing, having your mom cart you around. And the station wagon and stuff. I was pretty lucky. I had a vehicle. I was like 13. I was pretty young though. I think 15. I was out in California and I had a junior license out in California. You could get those like 14 and a half. Come on. No kidding. And I came out here and talked my mom into thinking that it was legit out here too. So you were driving at 14, 15? 15, yeah. You were the guy. I was the guy. I had the five, six friends piling my Nova, beers, just go cruising around looking for chicks. There was always one guy in your class. For me, it was John Ewing. Yeah. John Ewing got his license, I believe, like three years before anyone else. We didn't know how he did it. He looked a lot older than us to begin with. Yeah. And we'd pile in his car every day. And you wonder why you get pulled over. You've got like six friends in the car and you're just cruising around. Right. Well, he had a yellow Volkswagen bug. I hate that one. They just hit the quickie. Yeah. Like, oh, God. Done. Beers down, dude. Beers down. Yeah, yeah. Be cool. Be cool. Shut up. Let me talk. Just shut up. Turn down the radio. Turn it down. Tell that son of a bitch we weren't doing nothing wrong. Get out. Get out. Get out. The first car I had, I was 18, I think. I was a late bloomer. Ford Aspen wagon. Ford Aspen. Ford Aspen wagon. It wasn't mine. It was like my dad's beater car or second car. Dude, this car was such a piece of ass. Really? Well ... It was an actual car with turbo side Xィ and V6. V6 engine, you know, the V6 engine got agitated. While students were teaching magasines, you know, where M geos for schools made more noise, enabled more wind noise. We were just swinging around a lot because the seat belt needed to be ilievered and it was just already supposed to be worthless. But we didn't care. Was it yesterday? Yeah. We were doing the back roads of the LIE and we saw like, man, this garbage pail was just there. It was like three feet in the road. Oh yeah. And I said, you know something? We are definitely getting older because we didn't take out that garbage can. If you saw that when you were like a 16, 17, 18 year old punk and you had a beater car, that garbage pail was history. Well we would go out. I remember this. It was a terrible thing to do. garbage pails, mail boxes, anything. I had an old 69 Chevy Nova. It was just beat up. It was nothing. And I'd pile in, you know, my friend Joe, you know, playing foot and a Frank and we would jump in the car and just hit anything, anything. We loved the garbage pails that the people really liked because they came in its own little dolly. Yeah. You know, the one that came with the wheels on it, the handle made wheel the two pails out to the curb. We would grab the handle and just get those wheels up to 80, you know, and just let go. Who knows what it's hitting? Who cared at the time? It was just, you know, you, you, you wonder how you ever made it. Did you do the lawn jobs? Yeah, everybody did that. We did the lawn jobs. Yeah. We'd go on missions with them 80s. Yeah. Yeah. That was another one. Mark down the block and then take out the mailbox of the nerd in our class. Which was me by the way. Why we kept taking out my mailbox. Why you keep blowing up my mailbox? It kind of seemed fun at the time, but no. It just comes a defining moment though where you go, Oh my God, you know, maybe, maybe I ought to stop this. Well, we had a flashback in the way in yesterday. We were thinking about it, but aunt's car is too new, I guess. Oh, to hit it? Yeah. No, please. Those days are behind us. Joe, Joe Curry, we're driving and we stole some gasoline from this park shed and it was, it was two cycle gas mixed with oil. Now who knew it smelled like gas. So we dump it. I, I just dump a bunch of this in the Nova. I got to start it up and it's like, and it wouldn't really run unless it was really revving. So we had to drive really fast and it had just started raining and we passed a side road that a police car was, was parked in and he came pulling right out after us. So I figured we can make this next right turn and we'll just, he'll go right past. Oh sure. That never worked. When we all tried it, the thing slid right into the curb and the car is up on its side and then bam comes back down. We got the lights and the cop went past. He didn't see you go over the curb. So I was just like, thank you God. And that was it. After that it was pretty much, you know, no more of those shenanigans. Yeah. Time to settle down. Yeah. You kind of learn, you know, and you, you, you think back and you, you wonder how you ever made it without getting killed or arrested or something. Do you wake up some mornings and go, ah, you just have a flashback of something really stupid and crazy you did when you were younger. responsible and stuff and older. You just can't imagine you ever did that. You did it. You made it through. Some people don't. That's true. We got a guy on the line that, I don't know, what is, he's got a breathalyzer thing he does. All right. Cause we're talking about the, the new law that Giuliani enacted about taking away your car. These guys have a solution to the problem. All right. Buddy, what do you got? Hey, what's up? It's John from Westchester. How you guys doing? Good. I think Giuliani's new law is stupid. You think it's stupid, but until we have Mayor Anthony, I have a solution for you. What I do, what my friends do is we bought a battery operator breathalyzer through one of these mail order catalogs and we go out to the bar. We drink until we're at our absolute legal limit. Then as soon as it's just getting into the red zone, you hold off for about a half hour and drive home. Now how many beers can you guys get in before you hit that limit? You'd be surprised. I've trained professional like myself. I can get in a good six beers and fill in my pair. I trained professional. I know now about five and a half and start easing off a little bit, you know? Right, right. We go from there. Sometimes, you know, we'll think we're drunk. We go out to the car. We test the breathalyzer. We see we're not. So we go back in for a couple of cups. Yeah. Look at that. So what, when are you guys coming up to Westchester? We're definitely planning on it. Yeah, sure. No, I swear to God, the Yopi and Anthony On The Road Freak Show continues all throughout our career here at NW. We'll make it up there. Sounds good. I'll bring the breathalyzer so we can all try that. It has disposable ends so we won't catch anything from each other. Very cool. All right, sounds good, guys. I think our next party, I think we're doing some St. Patty's Day right here in the city. Sounds good. I'll be there. And then maybe Westchester's the next stop. You never know. You've got a lot of fans up there. Cool, man. All right, take it easy. Thank you. Speaking of that breathalyzer thing, I forgot what city I was living in because I've lived way too many places. I think it was Rochester. One of the bars had a breathalyzer so you could check if you're drunk or not. But me and my friends, you know, we took it to the limit and we tried to figure out who would get the highest. Now it's a game. It defeats the purpose, doesn't it? It was a sick game and I'm serious. Give me another shot, man. I'll kick your ass. It was like every 20 minutes or so we'd all get on the breathalyzer and see who's in the lead. Oh, it was just insane. Speaking of things you did when you were younger, you wake up going, oh my God, I couldn't believe that. That's one of the things we did. We were blowing 2-0. It was just... Oh, stop. I swear to you, man. Ugh. This show's about honesty. I swear to you. Disgusting. 1027 WNEW, the rug of New York, two for Tuesday. Days of the new Shelf in the Room and Touch, Peel and Stand from the debut CD from the boys from Kentucky. It's Opie and Anthony. Greetings. Patiently waiting for the arrival of Stephen Lynch, making another visit to our show. This would be visit number four. Preparing for the show tomorrow at Caroline's. Yes. Show almost sold out. You and I host, and Stephen Lynch is going to do pretty much every song you've heard on our radio program. So if you want to join us at Caroline's tomorrow at 730 Show, I would call in advance. I'd call right now. Yes. Because when we came to the station today, Ben the Fag was telling me that they're pretty close to selling out. What? Ben the Fag. Well, people like Ben the Fag updates. I understand. Ben and Earl both have real jobs here at NEW. They work their butts off. Not just characters. So Stephen Lynch also is going to debut a brand new song tonight for the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. I'm honored. Yes. Definitely. We could play one of the ones we got last week. What's that one? Remember the... Yeah, we got to play this again. This guy did a good job with this. We encourage our listeners to send in their Tuesday Night Hummer Club songs. Of course. But before we play this song, we got to read Annie's instant feedback. This is bizarre. Every Tuesday when I'm humming him, he has to have the Flintstones on. What? Any suggestions? Without the Flintstones, he's not as excited about getting it on. Personally, I think he's got to think for Betty Rubble. Now, Annie, if you're listening, please give us a call. We got to talk to you about your husband's fetish. Hey, hey, hey, Bonnie! Hey, he's looking at my wife while he's getting the Hummer. That's a sick fetish. Maybe I, Rock Quarry, could get a Hummer. Wouldn't that be nice? I'll get one from Betty and Wilma when I tell them I'm not Gus Schultz, gas station worker. I miss Holly Rock. I miss the adulation of my fans. I miss the Hummers I used to get as Rock Quarry. Yeah, he had everyone fooled. Maybe you'll remember me from my film, The Dancing Playboy. Or this one, Dr. Jekyll's Hide. How the hell do you remember this stuff? I loved that one. That was my favorite Flintstones. When Rock Quarry comes to town and he's fed up with all of his fans, and he leaves and works at the gas station as Gus Schultz, and he's befriended by Fred and Barney. So they take him home, and the girls freak out, but he convinces him that he's really just Gus Schultz. Then he gets sick of the boredom. This life is not for me. I am a star. I miss the adulation. So he figures, I'll tell them who I really am. They will get a big kick out of it. And he tells them, guess what? I'm Rock Quarry. And they all laugh at him. So he starts doing his little scenes in front of him. You might remember this scene from, what was this, Cowboy Picture? Pow, pow, pow. He's like, he's shooting at Dr. Jekyll's Hide. Ah! He messes his hair up. Ah! The Dancing Playboy. And then he gets pissed and punches Fred in the mouth. And then Fred throws him out. And they realize when his agent drives by and goes, Rock, Rock Baby! Where have you been? And they take him away and they go, oh, he was Rock Quarry. Favorite Flintstone. Okay, very good. Might be an Opium Anthony trivia question in the future. Yeah, we'll do it this weekend. We'll give away the Allman Brothers tickets. Ah! You might remember this one. All right, here's the deal. Another Hummers song from our listeners. I love Hummers. One of our three listeners sent in a song, so that's pretty good odds. It was John, right? I don't have his info anymore. We really laugh at this damn thing. Bring it on home, baby. 1027 WNEW, The Rock of New York, Two for Tuesday with ACDC. Whole lotta Rosie. And there sure is a lotta Rosie these days. She had a look back, what was it, yesterday? She's been on the air four years now on TV. It's amazing how much weight she has gained in four years. Yeah, she has bulked up. Oh, Opie, she's got her Chubb clubs that are popping up all over the country. Opie and Anthony have the Tuesday Night Hummer Club, and Rosie's got the Chubb Club. Whatever floats your boat. Exactly. Steven Lynch has arrived. He's gonna come in in a little while and debut another song for us, a song about the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. I like that. And I think we want him to play the song he did for us at our live broadcast as well. Yeah, that was good. About his girlfriend. And I noticed that Steven Lynch is going Hollywood. I think we gotta razz him a little bit. What do you mean going Hollywood? Well, the first three times we saw him, you know, it's just kind of a dude and stuff hanging. Man, he's got like an entourage out there. He's got the Hollywood sunglasses on. Get Steven Lynch. You're losing it. Is he losing it on us? I don't know. He's going Hollywood. Steven, come here. Steven, what are you doing? Come here. Are you going Hollywood on us? He knows we're gonna bust out. Get your ass in here. Come here. Get in here. Look at him. He's got to be just so? Come on. It's not time for him to come in. See, he's got a whole new attitude now. Oh, come on, Steven. What attitude? Come here. Are you going Hollywood on us? We're not gonna have you play yet, but I saw you come down the hall and it looks like you're going Hollywood on us. Did your people put that look together for you? My peeps dressing up. Your peeps? What is he? He's got an entourage. He's got these Hollywood glasses. One guy with an entourage. His entourage is one guy. I'm not punk daddy. 47 people. We just had a bust on you, man. We saw the glasses. Put the glasses on again, man. Come on. Look, he's all embarrassed now. I'm humiliated. I'm going home. We just want to make sure you weren't going to Hollywood yet. I think we're gonna have a hard time keeping him in check. Yeah, put the glasses on. After you really? He's got his glasses on all crooked now. I'm the best buddy. You can't see me on the radio. There's visual gags over the radio. There's nothing better. They're the best. They are the best. All right, we're gonna let you tune up, man. We just want to bust on you. I'll go out there and tune up. This is our wrestling break. We gotta talk about wrestling real fast. Are you a wrestling fan? Have you ever watched it? No. That's pretty ridiculous. Too white trash for you? Too exciting for me. It's like crack though. The more you don't want to do it, you just find yourself sitting there watching USA. I wish I didn't have to do this. Losing my family over it. Well, Raw is War was on last night. Yeah, we watched, of course. I don't know. A lot of hype went into the Inferno match at the end of the show last night. Do you want to explain the Inferno match to the people that don't watch wrestling? Well, they wrestle in the ring, but on the border, the outskirts of the ring, there's a fire coming out of this pipe and gas jets. And whenever they slam someone down, the flames get as high as the ropes. Correct. But for the most part, they're just kind of sitting there like a pilot light on an oven. And they kind of, you know, they're kind of pushing. And what was the object of the Inferno match? Well, as Vince McMahon describes it in all of his glory and eloquence, Kane and The Undertaker are going in the ring in an Inferno match. The first man to come out in flames is the loser. Yeah. Yeah. So if you're on fire, you lose. They said somebody will be barbecuing. Yeah. Turns out if you're squeamish, please leave the building. It turns out they had some of that fire gel on Kane's foot. Yeah. And his foot was on fire for about 10 seconds. Yeah. But he lost. Ding, ding, ding. Oh, my God. A lot of hype. Not much of a payoff. But it was cool. It doesn't make you miss the Fuji days with the dust. And oh, man, when Fuji would throw the salt in the people's eyes. My God, don't the refs know he's going to do that? Do you watch him? I mean, he's coming to the side of the ring. He's going to throw the salt in the guy's eyes. Ref, pat him down. For God's sake. Everyone knows that. Who was the guy with the broken thumb for years? Ernie Ladd. Ernie Ladd, he's going to jab him in the eye with the thumb. Ernie Ladd had a thumb injury for 10 years in WWF. Right. And he went gouging people's eyes out. Yeah. Well, D-Lo Brown had the chest protector on for two years and he slammed people with that. They finally took that off, I noticed last night. Yes. But I saw that. Now, getting back to this Inferno death match they had last night with the flames. Yes. The WWF, it's becoming funny because they're just inventing these new type of matches. A ladder match. Like a ladder match. Yeah. And no matter what Vince McMahon suggests as a match, the wrestlers do it. Oh, they'll buy it. You know? It gets ridiculous. I want Stone Cold Steve Austin and The Rock at WrestleMania XV in an anal rape match. First person to be anally raped loses the match. What do you say, guys? Let me tell you something, Vince. I'm going to take The Rock and bend him over and plow it home. And that's the bottom line, because Stone Cold says so. Yeah, that's what's going to happen. Give me a hell yeah. Hell yeah. I'm going to give him the real Stone Cold stunner when I bend The Rock over. Do you smell what The Rock is cooking? You'll be smelling what The Rock's cooking on the part of my anatomy. WrestleMania XV, a fisting match. First person to get their elbow buried up to their elbow. They'll agree to anything. Yeah, they'll agree to it. Alright, Vince. Mankind and The Rock in a hammer match. Oh my God, it's so true. It is so true. They'll go for anything these days. They don't care. I'm digging really fast. Oh, here it is. Okay. What you got there? Digging into the Opium Anthony archives. We had a couple requests the past couple weeks for this bit, so I want to throw it down real fast for somebody driving to work. It's a fave. I want Luna and Sable in a rug chewing match. Alright, I'm getting pay-per-view for that one. The Rock of New York, 1027W and EW. Two for Tuesday, REM. Can't get there from here. And what's the frequency? Kenneth. It's Opium Anthony. Look at that. Wow, look at the crowd we got in the studio. Don Herman is in the studio. Don Herman. How can we tell who is the traitor, Don Herman? Is it the person that arranges security for our meeting? About Zini's a pimp. You just know. The big boss is in the studio. Yeah, look at that. Stephen Lynch brings them all out. Why are you in the studio, big boss? I think it's Stephen Lynch. You think? You're a fan of Stevens? I am, but I'm just kidding. I'm going to the Nick game. I know. You're not supposed to say that on the air because I'm supposed to be boycotting. Everyone knows you're so full of it. Then me and Ant will have a good time. Opium. I hate hoops though. Opium got up on the soap box. I am not watching basketball. I'm not going to keep track of the games. I don't care. This season is a waste. The washout. The greed of this, that, blah, blah, blah. My principal is blah, blah, blah. How long did that last? Where's the Nick tickets? Come on. Give them to me. I'm like a crack addict though. I can't help it. He knows it's wrong. As long as you know it's wrong. I know it's wrong. I'm not following as seriously as I usually do. I could go home and watch three or four games when it's a normal season. I'm down to about a half a game a night. That's not bad. What's with Rodman? Rodman's just a joke. He's trying. He scores though? Huh? The Knicks have held teams four times under 70 points. No scoring. No. It's a wash. You guys have fun. We will. It'll be April 6th. Who's playing? Nixon or Atlanta. Magic. Oh wow. I must rate. Thank you. You do rate. Usually when we get tickets it's like, okay, I got tickets for like the Cleveland Cavaliers. I had to look deep into the season to find a good team. Okay, good. We're going to go see the Sacramento Kings. Tell you what, thanks boss. We've got the Nick Laker tickets. Remember the other station we worked at? We're not playing on the west coast at all this year. We would always try to get tickets with the other station that we worked at in Massachusetts. And the GM would come in with these, what was it like second, it was the B-League hockey teams. You could have these. Gee thanks. At least you come up with some good ticks. Why take care of you? Who does? You take care of us. Who's better than me? No one. No one. How's the FCC complaint coming? Did you see that one? Yeah, I'm sure you did. It was CC'd to you, Reverend Al Sharpton, the mayor. Who else? The National Organization of Women and the NAACP. I actually spoke to that person. The Rock in New York, 127WNEW. It's Ophie and Anthony and Stephen Lynch. And remember we were talking to old Dirty on the phone last night? Yeah. The dude from Queens. Old Dirty came in. Old Dirty, don't curse. What a delay though, right? Yeah, but then it's a pain in the ass. We've got to punch out and everything. Yeah, don't curse. He's opening up a Fodey. What do we got there? Is that that steel reserve? Old dog. Oh, a little OE. Yeah. Odie. Look at him. Yeah. Old Dirty sits down in the studio. He pops open an OE and he's going to town. Is that cold? Yeah. Did you bring in the other stuff? No. No steel reserve? I brought that stuff around here. Oh man. You got a 40 of a? You guys want a 40? Yeah, well yeah, break open a 40 of OE. I'll pop a 40. Wow. What are these guys from the FCC? Yeah. The guys in the suits, they're like lawyers and stuff. Holy smoke. Look at this thing. Is this legal? Probably not, no. Probably not, but most of our shows are not legal, so. Wow. I don't know. Should I take a swig? You can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. I know you can take a swig. The pride of the hood. Definitely. Do you like your OE? I like all my liquor. Yeah? Yeah. Alright. How many 40s you put down? I mean, a good sitting, dominoes and stuff. Yeah. I'll go like two cases, three cases. And what size are those though? 40s. Come on! How many 40s come in a case? I'm not lying. Wait a minute. How many 40s come in a case? 12. You drink 12 40 ounce? Well, between four or five heads. Oh, I got you. Alright. So only two or three. Your homies are sharing. Only two or three each, you know? Yeah, you got to share two or three each. Boy, they must get pretty warm by the end, huh? Well, Rick's passing out the OE to everyone. You drink them hot? Yeah. Why do you drink them hot? Why? Because, you know, it adds to the oomph. Wow. Alright. Well, we're passing out the OE. Stephen, you try your OE yet? Yeah, it's good stuff. It's good stuff. It's no King Cobra, but it's good stuff. Let me see. Do you feel like carjacking yet? What about the 45? You like that? Cold 45? Yeah. Nah, that's that commercial stuff. That's that Billy Dee Williams doing commercials for that crap. Come on. You need EZE. Cruisin' down the street in my six-volt. Drinkin' my old eight. Alright. Well, Stephen is in the studio. Another mess, I'm sorry. At least I'm getting some old English. Yeah. Now, you be playing what? Oh, sorry. It's catching up on me here. Wait a minute. Well, I guess we've got to start by telling everyone that Stephen Lynch is performing at Caroline's tomorrow night. Yes, we'll be hosting the show. A full set. It's going to be a good show. You're going to play all the songs, right? I'm going to play a lot of songs. Just most of them? Oh, yeah. It's a 730 show and the show is almost sold out, we were told before you got here. Oh, it will be sold out. It will be sold out, so I would get on the phone now if you want to see us, see Stephen Lynch tomorrow night. We'll just be the goofballs. I'm just going to be like, hi, here's Stephen. Alright, so I guess you've got a song about the Tuesday Night Hummer Club you want to debut today. I did. I wrote a theme song for you guys. Oh. We like theme songs? Yeah, I'm a little nervous about this one. Why? Because it started off as a 30-second song, turned into a magnum opus. It's about 45 minutes long, so I hope you don't have any commercials to do for it. It's like an Alice's restaurant or something, is that what you're saying? Oh, I just... Oh, he's being raps in it. This would be like one groove on an album side. Yeah, I have a children's chorus outside waiting to come in and do some backup. Rock. No, but once I started, I just couldn't stop. That's good. That's okay. All my jokes just came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came and came. That's fine. So, should I do it? Whenever you're ready. We've got the OE. Mark's singing the harmonies for me here. All right. Kick back with an OE and 40 or double deuce, whatever you're drinking. Here we go with the Tuesday night Hummer Club song. Come one come all it's open and on a Tuesday night All you need is a radio and a girl with an appetite Men lie back relax and close your eyes cuz away we go Girls get on your marks get set are you ready for Lacio? Yeah the hummin on day and the hummin on night The hummin on the hummin everything inside The hummin is short and the hummin if it's long Come on all you ladies and hum my song Swallow your pride cuz here's the rub You gotta suck to join the Hummer Club Big or tiny, fat or skinny, genius or simpleton Simpleton Doesn't matter who you hum just as long as the job gets done And here's a special offer it's a necklace of finest pearl Just for joining the club today just for being a dirty girl Yeah the hummin on the bed and the hummin on the floor The hummin on the hummin till they can't no more The hummin if it's old and the hummin if it's new And if you hum too close you're gonna hum you too Swallow your pride cuz here's the rub You gotta suck to join the Hummer Club Bring it down Come one come all it's open and on a Tuesday night And the only rule you need to remember is please don't bite Single women who want to join but don't have a man to help Come on down to the station now and I'll sign your ass up myself Yeah the hummin if it's white and the hummin if it's black And the hummin one is driving in his Cadillac The hummin if he's stoned and the hummin if he's tipsy Hummin hummin hum from Manhattan to Poughkeepsie Hummin if it's right and the hummin if it's wrong Hummin if he's on the phone while he's playing pawns Hummin if it's cold and the hummin if it's hot Summer even hummin when he's sitting on the pot Hummin on me and hummin on you Hummin hummin hummin hummin hummin hummin hummin Hummin hummin hummin hummin hummin hummin hummin Hummin cuz it's Tuesday night Hummer Club I love you too David Yeah I like it Alright We get rave reviews from everyone Even Black Earl is bowing to you at this point Come on in Earl we're having a party in here I feel comfortable if Earl comes in Yeah I like your outnumbered Old dirty's got Earl But Earl lives in Forest Hills And he's like the whitest black guy you'll ever meet When I was younger we used to go all you know Cars in Forest Hills Yeah Still cars in Forest Hills Yeah it's quiet out there Nobody comes out I hear you sure Earl's what we call a blankey What? What are you trying to say? What's a blankey? Well I like to figure it out Well I love the song Stephen Thanks a lot Right on That's a good one man Gotta love that Yes Tuesday Night Hummer Club song I'm nervous about that one Why? Well that fast part That's rough That's hard to do That's not easy Not unlike the girls participating you kind of run out of breath Very easy There's an art to it that I just haven't learned I guess Alright I guess we gotta take a quick break Yeah You got a couple more songs in you? Sure You haven't done the Girlfriend song in the studio yet You did it live at our live broadcast You know the only song you do about a girl 1027 WNEW The Rock of New York It's Opie and Anthony and Stephen Lynch in the studio playing Caroline's Smart Night at 7.30 Tickets going real fast I would suggest you get on the phone now and reserve your tickets to join us We're going to have a lot of fun Oh yeah Good one So you're going to go down to Caroline's Smart with your four days? Can I get free tickets? Yeah I don't think they serve old English down there Caroline's at the bar do they? I'll be anubriated before I walk in Anubriated? And how do you spell anubriated? Sounds great Anubriated huh? Damn you've already down that whole 40 practically man Whoa bro Let me see That's a startup right there Yeah That's a startup 40 That's just getting going? Yeah So how many on a regular weekday just hanging out? On a weekday you know you got to chill like two or three That's it huh? Two or three 40s What time you start? After work After work? The boys on the corner I hear you You're chilling on the corner huh? Yeah Do a little lamping Oh definitely Yeah I hear you Alright man Security Security Security Security Code blue Code blue Code blue Code blue At WD studio No we like all dirty man Yeah he's alright He brings his brew Well yeah Oh wait but What's wrong with that? You got it I want a Budweiser You got to try different things sometimes I love Bud too I'm a Bud drinker I still have a hangover from that howling monkey stuff from last time Man let me tell you something I tried some of that steel reserve mother effer whatever beer yesterday It's got like 18% alcohol in it or something I drank two swigs I woke up at two in the morning with a hangover I was like looking for the exedrin Couldn't believe it And people are just down in 40's of this stuff The truth I don't know Whitey can't handle that stuff You like the howling monkey stuff? I was hearing it yesterday I didn't know It's the next time I ever heard about it Yeah howling monkey Damn monkey Can't drink howling monkey Damn I made Zira howl like a monkey I dropped my loin cloth And she looked at my chartin chew Yeah she likes chartin chew Alright man Well let's get Stephen Lynch to play another song here We're just kind of having a party at this point I hear that G Alright I don't know we're getting requests for every single song that you do Stephen So I guess Another one? Oh yeah Stephen Lynch needs another hit of Oh Wait I'm going to have a little more Odie Oh Wait Oh Wait Odie Hey this one's for Eazy E man Rest in peace my brother Rest in peace Tip in life He was funny man May I say he was one funny ass nigga Hey I said it with an A That's endearing I said it with an A That's a little rough man Don't jump on me You got a sideways glance Come on Come on home What up? I'm not frontin That stuff's getting to you right Alright He's drunk already This stuff is powerful though Julianne is going to take my truck I'm going to bid on it that's why I came over He's getting me drunk so they take my truck and then he bids on it Alright let's get another song out of Stephen Alright what do you want to play? Want the Peep Show Girl song? I kind of like that one myself He keeps drinking that stuff he's going to be rapping You want me to freestyle for a few? Alright I'll play the peep show song Okay I see you there Behind the glass I drop a quarter in the slot and then I watch you as you shake that ass I watch you grind I watch you dance I show you mine you show me yours and when we're done I button up my pants And my friends all laugh My friends all scoff When I say I love a girl I'll just take it off But I tell them that they're crazy Cause I've been around the world and there's nothing wrong Nothing with my peep show girl I know I know there's nothing wrong Nothing wrong I love your mind I love your soul I love it when you grease your body and you slide it up and down that pole Yeah I love your hair I love your eyes I know that you feel the same way cause I can see the love dripping down your thighs And my mama would laugh My mama would scoff If she knew I loved a girl Loved to take it off Then she'd probably disown me if she met my little pearl But there's nothing wrong With my peep show girl No No there's nothing wrong Nothing wrong So now I'm broke You bled me dry And it's amazing how much money that a guy will spend to taste a little pie But I'm okay I'm a little sore I can't believe that I found love in a place where my feet stick to the floor And I went to confession and the preacher said no it's a sin to love a girl who isn't pure as driven snow I said preacher I don't care man I found heaven in this world And there's nothing wrong with preacher With my peep show girl No I said there's nothing wrong Nothing wrong With my peep show girl Yeah! Steven Lynch everyone! We love the peep shows! I love the peep shows too Have you gone? No No! Oh come on! Never! We've gone a bunch of times to Peapland but they've changed it now it's not as cool as it used to be We got a blast at Peapland at one time we were putting the tokens in and the The little board slides up You guys went together? Well we went with a bunch of people Bunch of guys A bunch of guys Yeah yeah yeah We were in the anal intruder room and all of a sudden Now there's girls there of course you're going to golf Come on! But you put the tokens in and the thing goes up Wait if you go to Peapland by yourself then you're the sicko but if you go with a bunch of guys it's kind of cool What do you mean by sicko? No! We were sitting there or standing because you don't want to sit Exactly You put the tokens in this board comes up and there's this hole and her name is Debbie Now there's a hole in the wall and you peek in and there's a girl dancing in this arena But you can see the other guys looking at the girl from across the arena through their little holes And they come up and go you want to touch? You want touch? I was like no I'm just looking What do you mean? You have to tip me I don't want to tip I'm just looking What? No you touch you tip you touch And then the thing slides down again I put some more coins in it lifts up she looks again Oh you again Why do you keep putting in you know tip you cannot touch I don't want to touch I just want to look I was getting an argument with a guy I could go home to my wife and get this No tokens And then she went perform for you Yeah but she was performing for the other guy and I'm watching so it was fine by me I didn't care Your brother was funny he's sticking his head through the hole and his arm trying to grab at her high heel And she kicked him it was hysterical She was trying to climb up over the thing because she got scared of my brother holding onto her ankle And then they had the little video room where you go in and put the tokens in and you could pick from thousands of movies And boy there's some nasty stuff going on in there It got to the point where three guys in a booth watching this it was like maybe we shouldn't be in here I'm feeling a little weird watching this with three guys They're all pressed against each other very close And for five bucks you could tune in Tokyo so Yeah five bucks the cop of feel it was right We call it tuning in Tokyo Yeah it was fun but I guess Giuliani could have stopped to that I passed by the place and it's like Kung Fu movie festival It's like oh really oh that old ruse It's the truth Yeah they show like Bruce Lee movie festivals and they have the ads for that all over the front of the store But then you go in the back and I guess they have the smut in there But they got to do a 60% legitimate business to 40% smut They still have the booths but it's all plexiglass now you can't get arms in there Damn No tuning in Tokyo You've got to look at the dial No touch But the Kung Fu film festival is ridiculous because you've just got to keep putting cord like who's going to do that I'm going to go in and go wow I've got to see if he kicks him in the face This is great more tokens more tokens Nah not for me Which detachable hand is he going to use this time Great he's got the big blade look at him go Not quite the same as pumping in the coins and going where's the money shot Looking for the money shot Alright you want to do another one Yeah I'll do another one We've got to take a little break though is that cool We're getting requests for lullaby we haven't played that song in a while You want the lullaby Definitely Or whatever you want to play it's really up to you Whatever the kids want to hear man Sweet and tender yeah Hey old Dirty you having a good time over there No I'm chilling bro It's pretty cool huh The black boys are bugged man The guy playing guitar is always bugged up in here Is that weird Yeah you're hanging with some white boys Yeah you know it's all good We're pretty sad aren't we Nah it's all good we're making the money though That's not real Did you happen to see it said WNEW when you walked in They have an aversion to paying their employees for some reason You guys must make a lot of money though doing this You guys want to get paid like that That's one of the rumors Not yet Maybe someday and then we'll be able to pick up the OE You know what the funny thing is about people in radio If you're not in radio you think anyone on the radio is making a lot of money Now when I first before I even got into radio And I would listen to Opie's show out on Long Island And then I met Opie and he goes Why don't you come over to my house you know we'll hang out I was like hey cool So I'm expecting to go over to the Opie mansion Maybe he'll entertain me in the West Wing who knows I go to this crap box apartment he's got I'm walking up and then I'm just thinking Maybe this is like his summer place And then the depressing facts sunk in no This was Opie's house And then I started realizing Not even house I was right in that piece of that And then I realized like wow I guess you don't make money in this business I was selling the cat litter on the corner though That's a story for another time My god it was disillusioned Excuse me can I make like a shout out or something You know I would feel bad if you didn't shout out to somebody Yeah you know two people that's it I want to take a photo to my man I want to like an Italian voice he's Italian Yeah yeah go ahead cool I've been practicing since I've been here Alright go ahead O'Durry Hope it goes alright I want to make a shout out to my man Fuji Out in Staten Island This little girl Rachel I told you I would be on that What'd I tell you punk Hey who's your man Sounds just like a That's Italian All my boys out in 43rd Ave What's up it's Sloan Got mad love for you I had a drink of 40s with the The white boys With the head niggas in charge I suppose Yeah that's it Hey O'Durry do you have like a flip mo squad Nah you know we do flip though on the camera Big ups big ups What is flipping Flip I mean flip is like You could be friends with somebody You know two minutes into the like whatever You're conversating and you know the other person might Aggravate you or like diss you in some way Right So then you flip it you know like flipping a record from the good to the bad side Ah So you know you just from then on it's Destruction Because Buster Ryan's was talking about his flip mo squad and I had no clue what he was saying Yeah The Rack of New York 1027 WNAW 2 for Tuesday with Van Halen Ain't talking about love and I'll wait It's Opie and Anthony and Stephen Lynch and his crew and Old Dirty still hanging with us He's on his second four day Oh yeah There he goes he's opening it We had a talk back at that old Dirty We're not in the hood anymore man Not bad not bad You could say I like this stuff Right I really like this stuff Stuff Do you like the white boy music Yeah You do? Yeah it's alright Yeah? Yeah What do you listen to usually? Well I started out listening to the grunge thing coming out of the west coast Right Kurt Cobain rest in peace he died Oh he did? Good music good music Oh yeah he was talking about his wife yesterday I tip my 40 to Kurt Cobain Oh yeah a little drip right? A little drip down out to the lost brothers yeah The old Van Halen went on David Lee Roth All together Old school Those good videos Kick it old school Before David Lee Roth started looking gay What's up with that guy? Maybe some 40s would have kept him on track I just don't understand why he has to pull up his pants to his nipples these days He looked horrible on that MTV thing man He came out with a big dopey smile with his pants up to his nipples and white socks How we doing man? Woo yeah Shut up David it ain't working He ain't washing these days Alright I don't know why everyone has a picture of Nadia Comaneach Well no that's a tribute to Opie's first wet dream I guess is what I've heard I don't know why the pictures are around either Everybody has in front of them a picture of Nadia Comaneach With her great little dismount for her perfect 10 She's just standing there and is it doing anything to you? Well I think I might have been on crank when I was younger because it does nothing for me now Crank Well when I was 12 yeah I got the tingle And Matt Devotee finds it funny that my first wet dream was over Nadia Comaneach So he came in with these pictures today for us Wonderful Come on think of the choices we had when we were growing up It was either Oga Corbett or Nadia Comaneach No brainer Yeah that's some bod on it Like any one of the guy friends I had when I was 12 That's good Yeah I'd be fantasizing about that too yeah That's great Opie Well who was your first? That I really liked Marsha Brady For the wet? No not the wet I don't know the wet I don't remember the wet Alright the first love was Marsha Brady Yeah I was into action before the first wet What about you old dirty? Oh yeah there was this lady who still lives on the 6th floor Wow she was hot man wow she was fine Really? Oh wow I still remember I look at her now you know she's a little frazzled but you know I still hit that You still remember huh? Yeah yeah first time man I told her that too Got you sporting when you were a kid Wow yeah alright no doubt No one from TV though? No one from TV? Nah you can't fantasize No one from good times or anything like that? Florida Well Lona was pretty hot You know I stole the playboy with Florida in it No way Come on come on James James No no no James Opie's looking at me James Look I got that big pack of hot dog staples stable to the back of my neck James where's JJ? Thelma You said Florida Everyone heard it Opie had the hot spot in Florida when he was a kid Come on everyone heard it Opie Come here give me some Lona Little dog shook on me James That was only until Wheezy came along Alright alright The beauty that was Wheezy Oh if only I could be George Jefferson I'll move you on up Now you've gone too far man You said it man Yeah how about that Ann Esther Opie Shut up Come here heathen Oh man Well let's change the subject and talk about Susan Lynch I can never squeeze out syrup out of that Entremima bottle without thinking wow what a hot babe Yeah I'd lose my syrup Well you heard it here folks Opie hots for Florida for good times Stole the playboy that playboy I never saw but I guess it's in Opie's personal collection The one with Florida James I'm making him playboy Alright son of a bitch Wow Opie you're going to have to find that issue again Yeah yeah I saw the one with Thelma from good times That's the one I saw that I thought you know she was hot remember that Remember that old dirty yeah That was fine but Opie liked Florida Alright Stephen was playing car lines tomorrow night 730 show not many tickets available at this point And you want to give away some tickets to the faithful listeners if they're still listening to this crap Bunch of guys drinking OEA Oh believe me they're listening Because 20,000 people are going to go hey Opie you're into Florida Look at the picture we got on the wall check this out Oh man There she is, Esther Rowe Wow She is truly dynamite Yeah look at that Yeah That's chocolate thunder Just sucks when you put your foot in your mouth on this show you know What was Hugh Hefner thinking that month huh I don't know he was on the crank Alright that was after the stroke That is Esther Rowe Like sir no questions Bobby Benton or Esther Rowe Get me Esther Rowe Damn At least one person out there dug the issue Opie Alright Caroline tomorrow night Stephen Lynch 730 show I am trying to change the subject here Cause this could go on for another three weeks Alright we got till what We're going to give old dirty a pair of tickets You going to join us tomorrow night Definitely We're going to get a pair of tickets Very cool No doubt To hang with us And I guess we got three other pairs to give away for the 730 show tomorrow at Caroline's So I don't know 212-757-1027 And Rick will take care of you on the phone lines okay What No I'm not saying anything Damn Just a picture Opie Are you feeling that tingle Yeah Here it is Opie Time to be a free Anytime you're off on Monday Not getting hassled Not getting hustled Keeping head over water Opie loves mama Dynamite Triple rapid layoff Good times Music credit ripple Good times Making less and less And good times Hanging in a jaw and Good times Ain't we lucky we got them For people Good times Yeah Opie's got good times in his pants Wooo James James Now JJ I have company this evening Opie's coming over After James got killed remember that She would have liked a guy like you Shut up You'd have fit good in the projects You'd have suffered the scrutiny of Michael the younger brother Yes yes Remember how angry he was I don't think Opie would have cut the mustard His hair and everything Mama Why are you dating that white boy He's very nice Now come on Let mama go out with Opie James Mama he's the devil Well he sure is the devil in bed Wait till I tell Olona what he did to me Of course he can't stack up to James where it counts You know this picking on someone is not that fun after all I always thought it was fun to pick on people Oh it's a blast come on this side Alright well we gotta get another song out of Steve O'Ledge Oh sure unless yeah well you'll be talking about this Flip I got so much on Anthony's that ain't funny Oh come on Touche Anyway I can't go there Alright He's so flustered look at him Alright Alright we gave away the tickets to Caroline's Steve why don't you play another song Help me out here Here's the theme to Good Time You're a double-barreled lion You're a double-barreled lion You're a double-barreled lion You're a double-barreled lion Now I'm going to sing a song about some not so good times Nice seg Thanks After I shamelessly plug the email address Which is PussHead With one S B U S H A D At A and Wile.com I don't need to do the intro for this right I can just play the song Lullaby? Alright cool I'm going to sing a song about her Who doesn't understand why mommy's not around since we're getting divorced Hush little girl Sweet baby Don't cry Tonight Daddy's here And he'll sing you A song lullaby Tonight Why Can't it all Be like it was Before How Can I explain Why mommy's not Here Anymore Cause daddy likes Porno and ten dollar Horse He gets wasted And robs liquor stores Daddy likes rubbing Against little boys on The bus I think that's why your mommy Left us Mommy left us Hush little girl There is no reason to Fret Tonight Don't mind the smoke Daddy just wants To forget Tonight Soon It will all Be like it was Before Any minute She will walk Through that Front door But daddy plays poker And drinks lots of beer Then he wants sex That involves mommy's rear Daddy has sores On his genitals Oozing with pus I think that's why Your mommy left us Please Don't cry I swear I'll try To be Here by Your side Right after Daddy gets home from the bar Visits his Bookie and steals a new Car He'll drive to the strip club And if daddy plays his cards Right He'll bring home your new mommy Tonight La di dai La di dai La di dai La di dai La di dai La di dai La di dai I cry every time So sad It's a tough one to sing man I bet It's like when Jerry Lewis sings the song at the end of the telethon Every year he gets choked up Every time Very nice Stephen Lynch 1027-WODW is our rock in New York Two for Tuesday with the Smashing Pumpkins Cherub Rock And tonight before that It's Opie and Anthony and the whole crew here Stephen Lynch I didn't know, a huge Chris Burke fan Well, he did such a great job for us today On our show we figured We would reward him Did he almost knock down the no way? Oh no, he's trying to save his Almost knocked over his guitar Alright, yeah, he did such a great job for us We figured we'd reward him today So we gave him our only copy Of the Chris Burke Album sings I've been on a quest for this thing for years A black day, a black day It's classic Who are the two guys that he's in the band with? It's Joe and John Demassi What do you think they were thinking? You know, like they got a little combo together The two guys, like, okay what do we need? What do we need to complete our little band? A retarded guy Yeah, we need a retarded guy now Who can we get? Who can we get? Let's see Mike Sewell from the McDonald's commercials Are dead Remember that guy? Fries are up, perfect Chris Burke Yeah, the life goes on guy How about Jeremy Farnan? Do you know that name? This kid was on the Wheaties box And he got seven gold medals in the Special Olympics Wow, isn't that touching No, I don't know what the hell he did I got gold medals Was it diving? It was walking He wanted for walking Was it the high fall or the broad fall? The toe touch Waiter, check please Check please Wow Well thank you guys for the gift No problem, the gift of Chris Burke What a gift he's given All the classics on KTEL It's Chris Burke Live A bad day, a bad day Yeah, that song is a Well you want to hear Poison Ivy? I mean, we're talking about Play some Chris Burke He's really good in the seventh sign Put your headphones on You got to put your phones on You got to hear Poison Ivy Listen to the music This is great Now see if you can identify Corky We have the bell Everybody's over Yeah, there's Corky She'll get you a gun You look like you're dead at night Come on, you're dead at night, Ted Late at night once The saliva comes creeping She's pretty as a baby Look at this, crazy She's crazy, who you calling crazy? Let me get Andy Yoskey Come on He's kicking it He's got a record deal He's got a record deal Look at that, it comes creeping Oh wow Wow Yeah Something tells me these guys needed something, you know? Oh yeah, he's just having a fit in the back Yeah, go Corky The midi is touching this around What? What? That must have been some session there Did he say chlamydia? That just must have been some session Yeah It's like the theme song to the new Leave It To Beaver, you know? He actually thinks they're talking about Poison Ivy Oh my God Thank you, Hitch Enough of that, poor guy Imagine a guy that goes to audio school Gets a gig at a recording studio And they bring in Corky Yeah, you gotta mix Corky, man Alright, he's in the talk back Corky, Chris Chris, a little closer to the mic Could you not drool on the Neumann so much? The mic's a $15,000 Neumann microphone Make your phone Make your bed and not touch Hold it Alright, let's go for another take This time, put the mic by your face It was by your ass Unless you could sing out of your ear You know, screw this, I don't have the tape A friend of mine's mixing Pearl Jam I got Corky Your bed and not touch Why didn't they get him to play in The Other Sister With Juliette Lewis? I would be alarmed See, they should have They got two people that are not retarded They should have went to distance In The Move of the Other Sister And it looks ridiculous Juliette Lewis, who, like you look at her in other films she's in Natural Born Killers She's in her little midriff top And you're like, yeah, dirty girl I get into that, yeah And now you look at her in this And you feel guilty for thinking You like to bang her You know, cause she's like, I drive by my parents on my back Like, yeah, but I'll climb on that back You know, you feel guilty They should have gotten real Actual retarded people To play the roles That way it would be more believable You think they wanted Chris Burrack But Juliette Lewis said, no way am I acting with Chris Burrack Oh, could you see that scene where they're looking through the joy of sex Page 150, they say you look good And she's got to kiss him and stuff I don't know I don't know That's a mouthful Just saying You ever see that? You ever see the commercial? Every time I see the commercial I'm on the floor laughing Every five minutes Page 142 look pretty good That's where you take your fist The best line is when Juliette Lewis says How much do you weigh? Because the only thing you're thinking at this point is What position are they looking at? Because now it's all left in your mind In your picture Just this mess As we like to call retarded sex I know some people are offended by this But what are you going to call it? Honestly, what are you going to call it? Because they're looking through the joy of sex And you're just thinking retarded sex