 1027 WNAW the Rock of New York Metallica. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. President Page from Garage Inc. Bruce Springsteen before that from Born and Rudd, she's the one and Lonesome George Thorogood as well. Good afternoon, it's Opien Anthony. Hey. And I guess we got to start off by saying hi to everyone. We met at Caroline's last night. What a blast. A huge crowd came down to see Stephen Lynch perform all his ditties, all the songs you've heard here on our radio program. And it was just a lot of fun. Yeah, what a great time. Stephen Lynch, the legend now, I think we should call him. Mark R. Words, he's going to be huge. Yeah. He's going to get an unbelievable cult following. It's obvious. Yes, you don't get the subtleties when you hear him on the air. No. That you do at the live show. Very entertaining. Yes. The facial expressions really make the songs even better. And he broke out a few songs we've never heard before. I thought I heard every Stephen Lynch song. Yeah, I like the one about the making love to the dead girl. That was good. That was really good. Classic Lynch. So, Stephen said next time he comes in, he'll do that one for us. Great. Whenever that will be. Good. But a big hi to everyone. It was a late night for the boys. They took care of us over there too. Yes, they did. They did. And Dice was a huge hit at Caroline's last night. Oh, well, how to make an appearance, of course. The Dice Man. The crap. It was Dicemania, like Beatlemania. They were really into it. It was funny. It was really funny. I don't think one real joke came out though. They all just ended in a biggie-gie week. Yeah. I want to know what happened to Old Dirty. Old Dirty didn't show. Our new pal who came down here a couple days ago with the 40s and we hung out and got drunk on the air. We hooked him up with some free tickets and he probably scalped them out front. I would be surprised if he did. But Old Dirty, if you're listening, you've got to check in and tell us where the hell you were last night. What happened? Maybe you got arrested. A lot of people want to know what you look like and stuff. Yeah. They were asking about you. And then at one point we brought Black Earl and Ben the Fag on stage. Yes. It was very funny. People were a little confused as to which one was which, but we straightened that one out. Yes. We were explaining why we call Black Earl Black Earl. And we said, look, because he's dressed in black. And then someone from the crowd starts screaming, what about his underwear? So Earl didn't disappoint. Showed everyone his black underwear. Yeah. Even his black underwear. Who knew that? I was convinced it was going to be white. Did you know that, that he wore black underwear? No. I didn't have a clue. So. He completely is Black Earl. There you go. A lot of fun though. And thanks for coming out. We're going to do that again. We've got to do that again. It was just too much fun. All right. Just getting started here. We're going to definitely need your help today. Yes. It was a long night. So we're going to need the audience participation today. There's many ways you can do it. You can fax us, 212-957-WNEW. The instant feedback all set and ready to go. Just go to the NEW website, click on our pictures and you'll know when, you know, where to go from there. You see what a puss I was last night when we were hanging out at the bar? People saying, you know, you want to do a shot? You want? You can't. It was the first time I saw you turn down alcohol. I hate this whole Julianney thing with this take in the car. And now Nassau County too. I got to drive through two battle zones. I was really surprised. You know, when I was driving home and I had a few beers, but by that point I hadn't had any in maybe an hour because I had just stopped drinking. It was terrible. So I'm driving through Nassau County and I see like the Suffolk County state line come up. Like the Great Escape. Like I was Charles Bronson in the Great Escape trying to get out of Germany. You made it. Yeah. And then I made it. I'm like, well, at least if they nail me, I can keep my vehicle. You know, that's going to change. Oh, of course. Suffolk County does everything Nassau County does. So. Well, it's the popular thing. So they got to do it. And Jersey, stop laughing at us because they're coming your way too. You watch. What a mess. I had to sit there and I couldn't even partake in the before the drive home beer. Mm hmm. Oh, yeah. The times they are a change. Yes, they are. As Mr. Dylan penned many years ago. One oh two seven W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York celebrity skin from Hole. You're hanging with Opie and Anthony. I guess we got to pass this along. Billy Joel's show is canceled tonight. You know, he was supposed to play the Continental Airline Arena, but he snowed in on the East end of Long Island, so he's not going to make it. Oh, he was the rescheduled date for this concert is Tuesday, April 20th. All tickets for tonight's concert will be honored on April 20th. No, it isn't. Good thing they'll be honored. Don't want to lose those tickets. Black Crow's also playing tonight, as we all know. And you got a chance to win some tickets to see the Black Crows. This is pretty cool. Come see Matt Devotee at Guitar Center today at six p.m. Forty six in North Boulevard in Long Island City. Matt's got a pair of tickets and a limo ride to the show, plus a chance to win ten thousand dollars. Wow. Wow. I was talking to Matt just before he went on the air. He's bitching and complaining because Matt and Earl have to jump on a subway to get to their appearance. Pretty pathetic, isn't it? It certainly is. Other radio stations in this town, they have what, four or five vehicles. They got Hummers and Urban Assault vehicles and all sorts of stuff. We got a crappy old van that's falling apart and the van has to go to the Black Crow's show tonight at the Beacon. So they got to take the subway. So there's no vehicle for Matt's appearance today at Guitar Center. So Earl and him will be on the subway. There they are. Earl, you going on the subway with Matt? You going to Guitar Center? Yes, I am. Why don't you guys have a vehicle to drive you down there? Welcome to CBS. There's one vehicle. One. Just the van. Little van. God. And Ben gets it. Ben should have like a, we should have a big motor home type thing, you know? Really make a statement. You're going for a buggy. By the way, Earl, did you see me beeping at you on 57th? That was me beeping like a maniac. Hey, I was beeping too. You saw him as well? Yeah, yeah. You were behind me, right? Yeah. Okay, yeah, because I passed Earl and I was beeping and you weren't even looking. Do you want to cut me off? No, I was going the other direction. Earl, everyone was cutting you off. You go like five miles an hour. What's up with that? Jennifer's my witness. I was out of control. Earl's the guy. He's always the guy in the way. I saw everyone passing you getting really ticked off. That is not true. Don't you know how to drive in the city? Yes, I do. You put the pedal to the floor and you go. There's no gaps between vehicles. Those livery caps kept cutting me off. You can't give me the opportunity. If they can cut you off, you left me the opportunity. You've got to stick to the bumper in front of you. That's right. And I was beeping and you were probably paranoid. I don't know what you were doing. Because I did the same thing. I was probably a minute in front of you and I was beeping at him. Oh, Earl, we've got to give you driving lessons. Then he hit the radio up way too loud. What station were you listening to? Us. I take that back. I had a tape on. I wasn't listening to us on the way home. Stop it. You know it. All right. Well, you guys have fun today. All right. We're giving away money. I know. It's cash. Someone's going to walk away with $10,000. How does that go? Well, we're going to have this big vat of guitar picks. Okay. And all of them will be the same color and except the one. You have to reach in. You pick the magic pick. You get the $10,000. Awesome. Okay. That's happening once again. We're Matt Devotee Guitar Center today at 646 North Boulevard in Long Island City. All right. Great. We got the wrong address for Guitar Center. What? Hey, what's up? Hi. You guys got the wrong address for the Guitar Center. What's the real address? 48th Street, North Boulevard. It's about two blocks from my house. All right. 48th and North Boulevard. Yep. Okay. It was written down wrong. I'm sorry. Oops. Thanks for calling in. Okay. All right. 1027 W-A-W, the Rock of New York with the scorpions, I almost said. Hello. Wake up, I'll beg. Wake up. It's created from their debut CD, My Own Prison, song called One. We're a little shaky today. We had a late night at Caroline's. Yeah. You know, we were talking about the show with Steve Lenz and everything. We got to give props to the other comedians too. Pete Corrielli was great. Jordan Rubin was great. I laughed my ass off this guy. Jordan Rubin was making me laugh hard. Yeah. Half the crowd really didn't get his sarcasm and stuff. But that's okay. And then of course, Anthony's boyhood pal. Joe Curry. Joe Curry. Good job. Yeah, we had a blast last night. Yeah, we really did. Very good. And so I had to tape the Grammys. Yeah. And I watched it this morning. What a thrill. Yeah, it was a great show, huh? Fantastic, Opie. Boy, it wasn't a surprise who was going to win the next award, huh? Yeah, it seemed to be a trend. They took the whole surprise out. If you performed, you won the next award. True. So they took that fun out of it. Well, Opie, it was the year of the woman. Opie, are you sick of hearing that? Grammy Awards last night in Hollywood, the year of the woman. Many of the top women in music walking off with the honors. Did any guys win? I don't know if Lenny won. But as I look at the list, Brian Setsor, Orchestra won. But mostly all the ladies won. Yeah. Rosie O'Donnell, I mean, horrible. Her jokes were horrible. She's much more talented than that. Her jokes were so flat. Yeah, they were those award show jokes. And these people are supposed to be performers and artists and stuff. Enough with, let's write them a cute little script when they're presenting an award. It's just not working anymore on the award show. It worked in the 50s before people knew what TV was about. Yeah, you got Jennifer Lopez up there with Jerry Seinfeld. That could be some fun interaction. But they both look stiff. Jerry's reading off the teleprompter. You know, I'd like to get into that ass. He did nothing. Nothing. What else can we say about the Grammys? Let's see. Foxy Brown. Yeah. Nicest cans of the night. Very nice. Beautiful. Incredible. Lauryn Hill looks stupid reading from the Bible. What about that, what's her name? Ergya Kak Badu. Oh, Badu. With that big thing on her head. What the hell is she smuggling in that thing, man? It looked like the alien from Independence Day, didn't it? Yeah, it did. Like, had those arms coming out of the top and everything. She's got this big piled up hair wrapped in this white cloth. And she's got those big ass alien eyes. Yeah. A little wacky looking. Celine Dion, go away. Can someone punch her in the face? Sick of the damn Titanic song. God. Tonight, tonight, I sing this song for the survivors of the mighty Titanic. May their stories go on forever. Forever. Do her accent, dude. Do it better. Go on. You were doing it before. You were really pouring it on. Tonight, I sing this song. I sing this song. The survivors, the survivors of the mighty Titanic. May their stories go on forever. May I cash in on their deaths forever. Exactly. Don't let her fool you. She's made so much money off that song. Oh, yeah. You know? The happiest person in the world, that thing went down. Let's see. What else can we say about the Grammy? Shania Twain. Wow. Yeah. Lovely outfit. I was looking at your body the whole time you performed. Every time I see her on the screen, I just think of that one thing. She puts the ____ in country. Go on. You've heard that joke, right? No, I haven't. I want you to explain it for everyone. Well, see, you take the two syllables. You're a mess. Oh, sorry. Madonna. Is it time for her to get a new look? Yeah, I don't know. That whole thing is getting old, too. So. It was just a boring show. And then you got DJ Jazzy Jabb with the Fresh Prince there with his son. Every two seconds, you got to hear him about his kid. He's got to talk about his kid. Yeah. In school and he's failing rhyming. All right, great. What a wonderful song he did. Daddy loves you. Daddy loves you. Yeah. Like, all right, enough already about your kid. And then what happened with Aerosmith? They had a problem on stage. Yeah, the mixing board went down or something. It went down. So Steven Tyler walked to the side of the stage so he could hear the band and stuff. Was that what was going on there? Yeah, some kind of monitor mixing. I felt bad for him because I was really looking forward to seeing those guys perform. It still sounded good. Yeah, why couldn't it go out when other people are performing? Oh. In sync or something. Yeah. All right. There's our Grammy-up. Oh, great. Great to see Brandy and Monica together again today. Yeah, it's good to see that they're getting along these days, ain't they? Oh, yes, yeah. Hey, could you two just like start doing things to each other? That would hold my interest. All right. Got anything to add to this mess today? Give us a call. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. Pink Floyd, Comfortably Dumb. Oh. Oh, hey, thank you, Anthony. You get the wacky horn, old bike. Matchbox 20 before that, 3 a.m. It's Opie and Anthony, yes. We're hanging, we're having fun. And there you go. If you got anything to add, give us a call. Well, we got some breaking news out of Washington. Look at that, huh? You guys may remember The Greaseman. The Greaseman Show. We'll be back with more of The Greaseman Show. Remember that experiment on K-Rock a few years back? Ouch. Well, The Greaseman was suspended from his latest radio job in Washington. Suspenderoonie. Yaddle-daddle. Yaddle-daddle-dee. The Greaseman, I've been suspended. Well, The Greaseman was suspended from his job in Washington indefinitely, without pay for remarks he made on his show yesterday. Now, check this out. During the 7 o'clock hour in the morning, he played a portion of a song by the Grammy winner, Lauren Hill. And after he played this little snippet of her song, he said on the air, No wonder people drag them behind trucks. Ah! Ho-ho, check please. Check please. What the hell is he thinking? Yeah. Yaddle-daddle-dee. No wonder people drag them behind trucks. Check please. Yaddle-daddle-dee-lai. What is he on, crack? I think he's a bitter man. I guess so. This business will do it to you. So they suspended him indefinitely without pay. Yeah, that remark made reference, of course, to the brutal torture and death in Texas of James Burr Jr., who died while being dragged behind a pickup truck, driven by John William King, who was convicted of murder this week. The Grease Man also got in trouble back in 1986 for making insensitive remarks about Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Uh-oh. Remember what he said about that? Grease Man, are you in the studio? What did you say about that back in 1986? I don't understand why people are so angry, yeah. All I said was, Nick, kill four more, and we'll get the whole week off it. Yaddle-daddle-dee-lai. Yeah. He did. They said that and got suspended for that. In 1986. They keep taking him back. Yes, they do. God, we just said the mayor was dead, and they booted our asses right out of there, huh? Yeah, I don't understand how that works. I don't know. Wow. We say the mayor of Boston died, and we get fired. Weed-lil-er. Yeah, next time I'll goof on the jinx, yeah. You lilly. Yeah. Hey, what would you call B, Fred Flintstone if he was black? What? Bly-bly, a negra. Bly-bly-a-la-la-ly-ly. What a mess. We'll be back with more of The Grease Man Show. Or maybe we won't, B. I gotta get some Lauryn Hill on the air for The Grease Man today. Yaddle-doodle-dee. You want to hear more Lauryn Hill? The little brown sugary. Yaddle-doodle-dee. What is he thinking? He's on crank, man. At least I didn't goof on the pollock skin. Yaddle-doodle-dee. There won't be any more of The Grease Man Show. Yeah, a little bit of trouble there. Well, you gotta watch what you say there, Doug Tract. Hey, Grease Man, do you have any other black jokes for us today? Word-a-little-dee-dee. I've got a million of them. Are you done? You want to pepper some in today on the radio show? Yes, maybe since The Grease Man Show isn't on the air. I'll yaddle-doodle-dee-dee. Add them into your show. Try to get you suspended there. All right, maybe I'll joke about the Irish. Boy, they're a bunch of drunks here. Yaddle-doodle-dee. Hey, did you ever notice there's no blacks on the Jetsons? Yes, I did notice that. The future looks bright. Yaddle-doodle-dee. Yaddle-doodle-dee. Yoddle-dee-hee-hoo. Well, that's a cute little joke you got there, Grease Man. I hope I don't get suspended. Oh, I am already. The Grease Man Show has been preempted. You want to hang with us this afternoon? Racist remarks, yaddle-doodle-dee. Yeah, I'll stay here until I have to leave slinging lead. Yaddle-doodle-dee-doo. Speaking of slinging lead, what did you think of the cop shooting that poor guy? My God, that's awful. 42 bullets and they only hit him 19 times. That's horrible aim. Yaddle-deedle-dee. If I was slinging that lead, every shot would have hit him. Yaddle-doodle-dee-lee. The Grease Man Show. I'm irreverent, dear. You're a racist. I'm a racist, dear. I'm the Grease Man Show. No, I'm not. Yaddle-deedle-dee. By the way, I love the blacks. Deedle-doodle-dee. I think we should all own one. Yaddle-deedle-dee. The Grease Man Show. What, what, am I in trouble again? Yaddle-deedle-dee. Switch me some instant cocoa, you lady-o. Yaddle-doodle-deedle-do. On the Grease Man Show. All right, are you going to hang with us today? I'd be honored, dear. I hope you heard from Tri-State Computer Fairs. If you own a computer or are looking to buy a new computer, listen closely to the following message. The original Tri-State Computer Fair is coming to the Ramapo College in Mawa this Thursday. That's right. From 10 to 3 p.m. this Sunday, February 28th, you'll find a variety of wholesome exhibitors selling brand-name PCs, modems, software monitors, printers, memory, and all at wholesale prices, Opie. Not bad, not bad. That's right. You can't miss this original Tri-State Computer Fair this Sunday at the Ramapo College in Mawa from 10 to 3. The Ramapo College is located off Route 202 South of I-287, Exit 66. Call 908-236-2202 for directions and future Tri-State Fairs dates in your area. Admission is $6. It's Opie, it's Anthony, and it's the Grease Man hanging out with us this afternoon because he got suspended from his show in Washington. So we figured we'd help him out today and allow him to come on our radio show. Thank you, yadda-doodle-dee. Boy, I'm a little full. What do you mean you're full? I had some yadda-doodle with noodles. Yeah. I've got to take a dump. Or as the Grease Man likes to say, drop the Cosby kids off at the pool. Yadda-deedle-loo. Yadda-doodle-deedle-deedle. Are you going to go for an upper decker? An upper decker, yeah. Yadda-doodle. That's where you take the top off of the tank and take a dump in the upper decker. Quite a surprise when the next person flushes the bowl. Yadda-doodle-deedle-deedle. You're a mess. An absolute mess. On the Grease Man show. 1027W, the Rock of New York with the Black Crows playing tonight. Tomorrow and no, tonight, Saturday and Sunday, right? I've got tickets for a Saturday show. And then Sunday, I believe, yes. Kicking my heart around from by your side. And you've got a chance to win tickets to see the Black Crows. You've got to go see Matt Devotee at Guitar Center today at 6 p.m. That's on 48th and Northern Boulevard in Long Island City. Matt's got a pair of tickets and a limo ride to the show. Plus, plus a chance to win $10,000. Today at 6, 48th and North Boulevard. That's Guitar Center. Cold hard cash. Cold hard cash. Soapy and Anthony, there's an interesting story about Matthew McConaughey. Matthew McConaughey. Well, I mean, this world is getting way, way too politically correct where you really can't say anything. You can't say every word you say. Well, an Asian American group is condemning actor Matthew McConaughey for using a racial slur on the Rosie O'Donnell show. McConaughey made the remark while talking about a World War II movie that he's filming in Italy. O'Donnell asked about his short hair and the actor responded by saying, I'm over in Rome fighting Germans and Japs from World War II. OK, so what's the problem? The head of the Media Action Network for Asian Americans says the term Jap has historically been used to dehumanize an entire race of people. The nonprofit group is asking for an apology from McConaughey. I'm sorry, I should have said nips. Well, that's what they were called. That's historical. They were called Japs in World War II. During the war. During the war and Germans were the Jerrys or the Krauts. And Japs were the Japanese were Japs or Nips, as they were called. As they were called also. And he's filming a period piece, basically, about World War II. What, he's going to be politically correct as he films this movie? People like to forget history sometimes, I guess. And there's another example of this as well. You see Jesse Ventura on Letterman the other night? No, I missed that. He's just a riot, that guy. But he's talking about Minnesota. I don't remember exactly how it went, but he was talking about the difference between Minnesota and St. Paul or something like that. And he said St. Paul, the roads are all screwed up. And he thinks the reason the roads are all screwed up is because a drunken Irishman built the roads. Oh my goodness. He said that. Something like that. I'm paraphrasing, obviously. Wow. So now they're all pissed at the body. At the body. And he meant it as a joke. Well, it's very hard to tell any kind of racially oriented jokes. But everyone needs to just lighten up. No, there's groups now. There's groups, action groups, and they have letterhead. And there's a group for everything. And if they don't jump on it when somebody makes a joke, then they'd be shirking their responsibility to their people, to their peeps. Exactly. And how much fun would the world be? People ought to definitely lighten up. So what? People make Italian jokes. I don't care. You know something? There's a whole big thing about a series on HBO, The Sopranos. Yeah. I watch that. It's a great show. It's hysterical. It's violent. It's just great. And these Italian groups are going, it's insulting to Italians that this stereotype of mobsters has to be... You know something? I am 100% Italian. I'm not offended by anything twice. It's a show. And they're showing mobsters. So what? Open up the paper when there's a mob bust. There's not, you know, Smiths and Jones is in there. No, it's not. You know, Jimmy the Fish, Jadruzzi, and you know, it's loosely based on reality. Every stereotype has its basis in fact. Yeah, loosely, but yeah, sure. Some of them a little tighter than others. Some of them aren't as loose. And of course, the Italians have a history of organized crime in New York, especially. So it's life. It's real. You know, people put their head in the sand sometimes. They don't want to accept the truth sometimes. You know? So what? A lot of Italian Americans, not a lot were involved in crime, but a lot of people in organized crime were Italian. Still are. So a lot of Asian people, they drive like crap. So? You've gone too far. What am I talking about? What? And why do they drive like crap, Anthony? You can blindfold these people with dental floss. Huh? Well, nice bit. I don't know why they drive like crap for some reason. I don't know. I'm not offended though by the Sopranos. I find it a very entertaining show. Hi, N.E.W. Yeah, how are you doing? I just wanted to say that I'm 100% Irish, and I don't find that offensive at all. Everyone these days is way too racially sensitive. If you weren't so drunk, if you weren't so drunk you would find that offensive, sir. Yeah, sir, about that. No, we've all gotten way too serious in this world. Way too serious. It's ridiculous. How about the guy in Washington that used the term niggerdly? He got in trouble for using the word niggerdly as an appla- and the definition is stingy. Stingy. Yes. Stingy with something. So he said that people were being niggerdly. And he got thrown out of his job, temporarily albeit, because they finally got some sense in their head. It was a white guy too, right? Yeah. He was an aide to, I believe, the mayor? Yeah. The mayor? The crack mayor? I'm not sure. But he used the term niggerdly and got in trouble for it just because it sounded bad. Not even because he was using a slur, because it sounded like the slur. How stupid is that? In reality it means stingy. People are just getting out of hand. You can't make references. It's hysterical. Everyone's part of a group. Yeah, there's big groups that just have their letterhead, they write complaints about us. It's hysterical. We've heard from every single group, I believe. Well, that means we're doing well. We're very diverse in our insults. We don't care. We will talk about any group, anybody, anything. Hi, any W? I have the voice of reason. Eddie! Hey, what's up? What's up, guys? How are you? I've got a question. Is anybody an American anymore? Not really. You have to be an Italian American, an African American, an Asian American. How come we all have to be from somewhere? You know, my parents were born in Europe. And when somebody asks me, I tell them I'm an American. Of course. I eat hot dogs and hamburgers. I play basketball. And I don't know a damn thing about life. My ancestry. I know my ancestry is Italian, but I don't... I don't base my life around it, around defending... Yeah, do you have like Italian sculptures and paintings? Do you dress in Italian garb? Yes. Every day. I dress like Papa Geppetto from Fennokyo. I think if everybody took the attitude that I'm an American, we'd have less of this crap. Of course. You turn on the tube. This group is part of the Korean American group. Oh, boy. Or the Latin Americans. No, we're all Americans. The people that scream racism the most are the people that are the biggest separatists in the United States. Yeah, separatism is the disease that is plaguing us. Exactly. And that is the truth. Hey, those Koreans, I want them to hook me up with some kimchi, man. I haven't had any since I was over there. You like that kimchi? That buried cabbage, right? It smells bad, but it tastes good. All right, guys. All right, man. Have a good day. Take it easy. Yeah, people just get too serious. I don't know. Hi, N.E.W. Hello, how are you guys doing? Good. What's up? I got a good Irish joke for you if you want to hear it. I'm an Irish American. I love telling them. All right, this is what is going to come down to now. We're going to show that we can have a sense of humor no matter what our race is by just telling racial jokes. All right, here's the deal. Here's the deal. We've got to hit every single group this afternoon. Okay. You can throw out the first joke, but we want to hear all the jokes. All right. How many Irishmen does it take to screw in a light bulb? How many? Four. One to hold the light bulb and three to keep drinking until the room spins. And we're off. There you go. I'm going to keep track of all the groups we piss off today. All right? We've got to catch them all or else we'll be wrong, Opie. Yes, the Irish. All right, Irish are covered. Irish are covered. We're waiting for the next person to call in with a racial joke. That's what we're doing for the rest of the show today. Screw it. That's it. It's the prove a frigging point, man. This isn't damaging anything, for God's sake. Mike, we've gotten two over-the-top series in this country. Hi, NAW. Hello. Hi, what's up? Hi, yeah, I'm offended because I'm an alcoholic and I'm tired of all the Irish people getting the credit for all the drunken mishaps. You want to take credit for all that? I'm a drunken American, for God's sake. I'm a drunken American and I'm tired of the Irish people. You know, every other frigging background can throw it down, too. All right, man. Thank you. I don't want Guinness and anybody. I'll drink everybody under the table. Right on, man. Thanks. That's funny. All right, well, on the way, we've got Nirvana, we've got Tom Petty, and the phones are just lit. Do you want to just take a few more jokes, Anthony? Yeah, sure. What the hell? We'll just plunk them down. Hi, NAW. Yeah, I've got a joke for all night. All right, we're right here, live on the radio. Let's hear it. All right. Why do Italian men wear gold chains? Why? To... so they know when to stop shaving. I am offended, sir. I am so offended. Get out of here, you guinea-wopper. Okay, so far the Irish and the Italians are taking care of it. Thank you, sir. All right, let's... All right. So they know when to stop shaving. That works for the Italian women, too. I've got some Jewish jokes here. I'm a Jew, I feel offended by all these jokes of the Jewish jokes. All right. Let's hear a Jewish joke. Why do Jewish men like to watch pornos backwards? Why? Because they like to see the hooker give the money back. Very nice. My God, the damage we're causing here today, Opie. They'll be rioting in the streets. I was hoping for a more brutal Jewish joke, but I guess we'll accept that. Well, I can give you some more. The Jews are covered at this point. Thank you. All right. My goodness. It's going to get ugly today. All right. We'll come back with time, Patty. We'll take more of your... One more? What do you got, Rick? Line four, Puerto Rican joke. Oh, Puerto Rican. All right. Let's all cover the Puerto Rican joke. Yeah, what's up, buddy? Hey, how's it going? All right. I got a good Puerto Rican joke. All right. Let's hear it. That is a Puerto Rican girl knowing her mother's on the rag. Her brother's penis tastes funny. Oh, my God. That's a real big joke. That's a real big joke. That's a real big joke. That's a real big joke. That's a real big joke. That could be anything. That's one of those insert race here. Come on, it works. All right. Thank you guys. You're great, man. I listen to you every day. Hey, thanks, man. All right. That's terrible. I think officially the Puerto Ricans are still not taking care of it. No, definitely not. All right. Hi, N.A.W. Yeah, I got a black guy joke. Okay, here it comes. I was waiting for this. How many cops did it take to push a black guy down the stairs? How many? None. He's a black guy. He's a black guy. He's a black guy. How many? None. He fell. Oh my God, that's horrible. I think it's pretty good. This is awful now. I'm getting good fun. All right. I believe the blacks are taking care of it. Thank you, sir. Yep. All right. Gee, this is just a horrible oping. I'm offended as an Italian-American. 1027WNOW, the rock of New York, Nirvana. Unplugged this time around, and that's all. Apologies. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. It's a good one. Unplugged this time around, and that's all. Apologies. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey. Hanging, having a lot of fun today. It's getting a little ugly. Well, yes, we're proving a point that we can still make fun of ourselves, Opie, as human beings, as Americans, and not as Italian-Americans, Asian-Americans, African-Americans, Irish-Americans, just as Americans. Well, there's been a bunch of stories in the paper lately. Matthew McConaughey was talking about Japs on the Rosie O'Donnell Show, so there's a group up in arms over that. Jesse Ventura was on Letterman talking about the Irish being drunk up there in St. Paul, Minnesota. He's getting flack about that. And we're just trying to lighten everyone up. We're trying to show how ridiculous this is. Lighten the F up. What is it going to do? Everyone is so serious these days. They feel that if a joke is told about a certain ethnic background, that if somebody hears it of that ethnic background, they will what? What will happen? I don't know. Will I get low self-esteem? Will they drop out of society, Opie? I don't understand what will happen. By me. So today on the show, we're taking all sorts of jokes. That's it. We're not favoring any one group. We're equal opportunity offenders here. So far we've offended the Irish, the Italians, the Jews, and the blacks. We are attempting to make fun of every single group that you can find in New York City. Wow. Everything. We've got a long way to go. Yes, we do. You got any on the instant feedback, Anthony? Izzy, Jersey City. Why doesn't Mexico have an Olympic team? I've heard this one. Go ahead. Because all the Mexicans that can run, jump, or swim are all in the U.S. already. All right. That takes care of the Mexicans. Any other jokes on the instant feedback? Me and Panda. Oof. Wow. I could take care of the white trash. Bill in Yorktown Heights, how do you tell that a girl from Arkansas is a virgin? How? She can still outrun her brothers. That takes care of the white trash. Oh my God, Eric. What? No, we've already taken care of this group. What group? I can't read that. Why? Well, we're hitting a few groups numerous times. What is this, Opie? Well, come on. Just say the joke. Wait a minute. I lost it. Yeah, sure you did. How do you stop a black man from drowning? How? You take your foot off his head. That's Eric from Staten Island. Thank you. My God, is that awful. The blacks are in the lead. They're taking the most abuse today so far. Hi, Andy W. Hello. Hey, what's up? What's going on? Turn down your radio, dude. We're live. That's a delay. All right, go ahead. What's your joke? Okay, I got a black joke for you. All right, go ahead. Okay, there's a little black kid in the kitchen with his mother baking. He starts playing around with the flour. He gets it all over his hands and his face. They came on me, look, I'm a little white boy. Smack, right in the head. He said, go talk to your daddy. Goes in the other room and says, hey, daddy, look, I'm a little white boy. Smack, and goes to your grandma. He goes, hey, grandma, look, look, I'm a little white boy. Smack, and goes back in the kitchen. His mother said, well, let me ask you something. Did you learn something today? He says, yeah. I've only been white for five minutes. I already hate you niggers. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Well, this little experiment has gone awry. You know, lay off the blacks. We're trying to get every single group represented here. Unbelievable. Hi, any W? Yo. All right. You ready? Yeah. I'm a Puerto Rican Jew, right? So can I cover two races? Yes, you can. Like Juan Epstein. Here's the first one. Okay. All right. What's the difference between a pizza and a Jew? I've heard this one. Go ahead. A pizza doesn't scream when it goes in the oven. Oh. Oh. And the Puerto Rican one? Yeah. I've got to figure out a good way to word this. Okay. Okay. A guy pleasures himself in a shoe and lets the flies do the... Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you were punchline. I'm trying to get a Puerto Rican girl pregnant. That's a Polish joke. Go ahead. Yeah, that's a Polish joke. Oh, it is? Yeah, it's a Polish joke. Can I finish it anyway? Yeah. Okay. Go ahead. I had to get a Polish girl pregnant. Oh. Yeah. Pleasure yourself in a shoe and let the flies do the rest. All right. The Polish people are taking care of... Yo, listen. Yesterday when you were doing that little story about OP's infatuation with Florida and you were talking about the stapled pack of hot dogs on the back of her neck, I almost drove off the back of the Williamsburg Bridge. Oh, yeah. I was talking about the hot dogs on the back of her neck. Oh, yeah. I was talking about the hot dogs on the back of her neck. Oh, yeah. I was talking about the hot dogs on the back of her neck. Oh, yeah. I was talking about the hot dogs on the back of her neck. Oh, yeah. Okay. See what else we got on the phone lines here. Hi, N.E.W. Hey, what's up? I got a multicultural joke for you guys. Multicultural? Oh, yeah. That's ought to be politically correct. Yeah. Okay. So, what's up? I'm going to be talking about the Okay. Hi, N.E.W. Yeah, hi. How are you guys? Hey, what's up? All right. Now, how's it going? Uh-oh. Uh-oh. What nationality are you? I'm an Italian. Okay. Uh-oh. Great. Thanks. All right. What nationality are you? I'm an Italian. Okay. All right. What nationality are you? I'm an Italian. Okay. All right. What nationality are you? I'm an Italian. Okay. All right. All right. Why don't you say any Puerto Ricans on Star Trek? Why? Well, they don't want to work in the future either. Listen, you guys. You guys do a great show. Me and the guys at work, we're always arguing which show is better between you and K-Rock. Yeah. And listen, I work in all ethnic groups of houses. And you won't believe some of the stuff that I see in there. I can only imagine. Oh, unbelievable. Between the Indians, the Chinaman, the Koreans. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. I do plenty of stuff. Hey, a lot of old DJs checking in on our show today. We had the Grease Man on earlier. What a day today. Because the Grease Man got suspended, if you weren't listening earlier, from his Washington radio station. Yes, he did. Because yesterday morning he was playing Lauryn Hill. And after he played a little snippet of her latest record that won a Grammy last night, he said, no wonder they dragged them behind trucks. Ouch. So he got suspended without pay. That's likely getting fired from that gig. See, that's just in poor taste. That's it. You know, I mean, there's no humor to that. Not really. It's different than a joke. Well, that's shocking just to be shocking. Yeah, it's not funny. We go down that road, but we at least try to get some humor out of it. Anyway, the bosses want us to stop our little point that we're trying to make on our show today. See how scared everyone gets? And you know what? We're not going to stop screwing. Everyone gets all shaken up. You can't take it. Well, the world's simple as this. We said earlier, it's getting way too politically correct. You can't make any jokes anymore without some special interest group just losing it. Absolutely losing it. So today we decide to just kind of completely open up of the airwaves and allow you guys to tell jokes about other groups. I want to see what's bubbling under the surface, you know, because everyone's been shut down. You can't tell jokes anymore about different ethnic groups. You get yourself in trouble. So are they gone? Does no one tell them anymore? Is that it? They tell them behind closed doors, I guess. They vanished off the face of the earth. And every group is guilty of this. Of course. And the funny thing is people are calling the bosses and complaining about this, even though we're trying to offend every single group. Yeah. So that's our goal today. We want a joke about every single ethnic group on the face of the earth. Or that at least lives in New York City, which is pretty much the earth. All right. We have taken care of the following groups, so help us out with other nationalities, OK? We've taken care of the Orientals. We've taken care of the Asians. Asians, see, you're going to get in trouble. We've taken care of the Irish. We've taken care of the Italians. We've taken care of the Jews way too much. We've taken care of the blacks way too much. The Mexicans. Well, they make up a lot of New York, so that's why you would get a lot of people. Oh, the blacks and the Jews. And the Italians. White trash is taken care of. The Polish are taken care of. Puerto Ricans, whoa, big time, taken care of. Priests and Catholics. We can use a couple more people. Where are you? It's like a telethon. Send your contributions. The Somalians have been taken care of, and the lesbians have been taken care of. OK. Want to go to the phone and see if we can knock out a few more groups? Hi, NW. Hello. Turn your radio down. Hi. Turn it down, Mike. All right, what's the joke? I got one about the Irish. I'm Irish myself. How are you doing, opening Anthony? Hey, how are you doing, Kevin? Good. I got one for my uncle's bar, actually. Here it is. What's the difference between an Irish wedding and Irish wake? What? One less drunk. I'm not drunk. I'm not drunk. I'm not drunk. I'm not drunk. I'm not drunk. I'm not drunk. I'm not drunk. I'm not drunk. I'm not drunk. I'm not drunk. I'm not drunk. All the long one about white people. No, no long one. We've got to take care of all groups. We've got to make them quick and fast, but thank you. You guys are the greatest. My buddy Mike and I listen to you all the time on the ride home. You guys are the greatest. Well, thank you. What's going on? Don't listen to what your boss says. Never have, never will. Don't worry about that. That seems to be our problem in our career. Hi, NW. Yeah, what's up? What's up, man? Hi, why do they bury Tutsuns 30 feet deep? Bury what? Tutsuns, Mui-Yans. Why do they bury them 30 feet deep? Sheesh. I don't know. I don't know. Why? Because they found the good people. All right, maybe this is an experiment going horribly bad. All right, thanks, man. You got it. All right. Hi, NW. Noticing Italians telling a lot of black jokes. Yes. Hi, NW. Black's in the lead, by the way. NW, are you there? Yeah, I'm here. All right, what do you got, man? Okay, have we taken care of this? Yeah, we've got to get this done. Okay, I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Okay, NW, are you there? Yeah, I'm here. All right, what do you got, man? Okay, have we taken care of the yellow Eskimos in New York City? No, no Eskimos. Okay, how about what do you get with a lesbian Eskimo? What? A Klondike. I like that one. All right. I believe the Eskimos have been taken care of. There you go. All right, thanks. Hi, NW. Hi, what's up? What do you get when you cross a Mexican and an Italian? What? When you cross a Mexican, you can't understand. I don't know what about that. See, there's an organized crime tie-in to the Italian and then illiterate. Oh my God. Hi, NW. Hey, how's it going? All right, what's up? Pretty good. Hey, why can't you trust a woman? Why? How can you trust anything that bleeds for five days straight and doesn't die? Very good. All right, the women are taken care of in general. Women are taken care of. Thanks, buddy. Thank you. Okay, bye. Bye. Bye. Thanks, buddy. Thank you. Okay. Hi, NW. Hey, what's up? What's up? Hey, I got a good joke. I got an Indian joke. All right, here we go. We've been waiting for one of these. Let's go. Do you want to hear it? Yes. Yeah, you're live on the air. Turn on your radio, man. Okay, ready? Yeah, go. Why can't you get a BJ in India? Why? I can't say it's worth it, but because all those CSers are over here. All right, man. All right, I think the Indians are taking care of us. The overseas Indians. We still need an American Indian joke. Oh, so the dothead Indians are taking care of us. What about the Pakistanis? Yeah. We need a few of those. Listen, man, also, if you're calling our radio show and we have you on hold, we're on like a real long delay. So turn down your radio. Don't listen to yourself because then we've got to hang up on you. Anthony, we could get the Greeks out of the way. Steven from New York writes, in Greece, how do you separate the men from the boys? How? Yeah, with a crowbar. 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York Collective Soul and Gel. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey. Well, it's official. The Greaseman did get fired. Fired? Everyone remembers the Greaseman when he was in New York for a while, but he was down there in Washington. Gabbardy goo. And he got fired. There'll be no more of the Greaseman Show. Yadda dadda. You'll have to be slinging lead somewhere else, Greaseman. I'll get another job with slinging lead. All right, well, let me be a mercenary. A mercenary, huh? Mercenary yadda dee da doodly. Gabbardy goo. You went over the top today, though, Greaseman. Over the top. I'm a shock jock. Yadda dee da do. All right, here's the AP story. It's going to be a huge story tomorrow. A shock jock who made light of a grisly racial killing losses job Thursday, a relatively rare case of radio shock deemed simply too shocking. The Greaseman was fired by station W.A.R.W. Wow, his career was going well, huh? W.A.R.W. Wednesday, after he played a portion of a song by Grammy award winning singer, Lauryn Hill, and remarked, no wonder people drag them behind trucks. I'm going to see these. Yadda dee da doodly. The comment linked Hill, of course, who was black to the dragging death in Texas of a black man, James Byrd Jr., a white supremacist, was sentenced to death Thursday in Byrd's killing. A statement from the station announcing the Greaseman's firing Thursday apologized to listeners who were offended. You want me to read the statement really fast or no? Yeah, I guess so. This whole thing is pretty interesting. While we will always strongly support the right of our on-air artists to express a wide range of opinions, even those that are unpopular or offensive to some, W.A.R.W. cannot be associated with the trivialization of an unspeakable act of violence, the statement read. The Greaseman deserved to be fired for a remark that was stupendously stupid and- Stupendously stupid, yeah. And double stupendously evil. Evil, yeah. Gabba dee goo. Now, this AP story goes on to say, but if history is a guide, the Greaseman may be back in the air somewhere before too long. Who is Harrison? Although Harrison estimates a shock jock gets to boot about once a year somewhere in the country, the genre and its practitioners endure. Hmm, man. Previously, the best-known recent example of a shock jock firing was Bob Grant's dismissal from W.A.B.C. right here in New York in 1996 after saying he was a pessimist for believing that Commerce Secretary Ron Brown had survived the plane crash. Oh my God. Brown, who was black, died in the crash that year. Grant, who in the past had referred to blacks as savages, is back on the air as at a rival New York station. Guy just meant the rioting blacks, savages. Bob Grant, you buffoons. Other radio hosts regularly getting hot water with listeners, including the widely syndicated Howard Stern and Don Imus. Mr. Imus, you've gotten in trouble in the past. Yeah, yeah. Well, there was a couple of times the I-Man bored his audience to the point where Imus in the morning had to be reprimanded. I see. Hey, where's McCord? Very good. The stations choose the format knowing the host will probably offend people but will also attract listeners that matter to advertisers, notably young men. This type of broadcast depends on being shocking and disgusting. Shocking and disgusting and goody-gooby. And occasionally will hit a nerve at the wrong time and somebody will get suspended or fired. And then things will go back like they were. All right. And then it goes on really fast here. The Greaseman also was suspended back in 1986 while at another station the Greaseman said, talking about the Martin Luther King holiday, he said, what? What did you say, Greaseman? I quote, kill four more, we could take off the whole week. Yadda-doodle-deedle-deedle-deedle. Funny stuff from the Greaseman show. Well, good luck finding another radio station, Greaseman. Yadda-doodle-deedle-deedle. I'm going to be on CB Channel 19 for the Greaseman show. Moody little lad. I'll be slinging lead. You know, this reminds me of when I was in Vietnam. Oh, yeah, you got another. In the jungles of Vietnam. Another Vietnam story. I was slinging lead fighting the gooks. Waddle-doodle-dee, gobble-dee-goo. On the Greaseman show. The ex-Greaseman show. Yes, the ex-Greaseman show. Oh, my stomach hurts. I got to go to the bathroom. Drip the Cosby kids off at the pool. Yadda-doodle-deedle-deedle. Gobble-dee-goo-dee-deedle. Those people like fried chicken. Yadda-doodle-deedle-deedle. I'm shocking the Greaseman. His show was pretty shocking when it was here in New York. Shockingly, shockingly stupid. Yadda-doodle-deedle-deedle. That is so annoying. We just do that night after night. Over and over again. Well, we couldn't relate to being fired for saying something shocking, huh, Anthony? Oh, shocking. What's this we stuff? What? Your idea. What do you mean it was my idea? Hope he came up with a great idea to say the mayor of Boston was dead on April 1st, April Fool's Day. And we said he was dead. And then he wasn't. We survived the week before. He got fired, though. Yeah, meetings and everything. And then they dragged us in and terminated our contract, as they eloquently put it. Yep. Yeah, that was our little dopey move. Yeah, that was really smart of us, huh, Anthony? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, that was real intelligent. Well, we ended up here. Well, we were trying to make fun of how all the radio stations every April Fool's just do some stupid April Fool's prank. You know, like, hey, look out your window. There's a meteorite passing over the city every once. You know? Yeah. So we decided, all right, we'll come up with a prank. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. We'll come up with a prank. Just take it to the total extreme. Which we did. And boy, the mayor was pissed. Well, everyone who knew our show at the time knew it was a joke. That's the sad part. It was so obvious that we were joking, but somehow they took it seriously to the point where what the mayor was in mid-flight. Yeah, so it says the mayor was flying from Florida to Boston when we said it. And no one could get in touch with him to confirm whether he was alive or dead. And then his family supposedly heard Opie and Anthony with breaking news. His family wasn't listening to our show. Yeah, and we're breaking news on our show. Yeah, we were the winds of Boston. Oh, yeah. Oh, of course. Everyone who listened to our show knew we were just a bunch of a-holes. But somehow they took it as fact. And then being a politician, he had to squeeze a bunch of sympathy out of it. Yeah. So he did. Well, he had to have a press conference to tell everyone that he was alive. And then all the TV news stations had to have the scroll, you know, how they do the winter advisory. Yeah. But it was saying, the mayor's alive and well. What you heard is just an April Fools' prank. Ouch. And then Anthony and I, for what, about two weeks, turned out to be the Joey Budafugo of Boston. Yeah. We couldn't go anywhere without TV crews hunting us down and camping on our lawns and stuff. Who knew it would be such a huge story? But that's the way these things happen, you know? Yeah. You get on the air, you say something. I mean, Greaseman's saying that. I mean, that's just stupid, you know? It's not even like, I don't know, it's not even entertaining in a way. Yeah, there's no real, I don't know, just doing it for shock value. Right. Our whole point was we didn't do it for shock value. We just wanted to show how stupid all the other radio stations are when they come up with their wacky April Fools' pranks. Exactly. You know, like, hey, the Stores are playing a surprise date in the city tonight, and you have a thousand people show up at a club, you know, whatever. But when this happened, yeah, people were saying, well, LB and Anthony, that's it. They're gone. That's it for their career. You know, they blow it by saying the mayor was dead. And all our enemies and all the people that hated us at all the other radio stations, they had such a big laugh over us getting fired and said, see, those guys will never work in the business again. And then we end up in the number one market. How about that? Yeah, that works. Kind of looked down on. Yeah, that kind of worked. We could have been Tulsa. Yeah. No, at that point, I give up radio. No, really. It's over at that point. Yadda dadda, Grease Man, live in Tulsa. Slinging land there. All right. Well, how about those wetbacks there? Well, I could relate to Grease Man getting fired, I guess, is what we're trying to say. All right. More stupidity on the way. The Rock of New York, one of the seven W.A.W. That's the band train with the song free. Eric Clapton before that by request. It's open, Anthony. Still getting a ton of complaint calls coming into management about our little show today. Wow. Because we're just opening the phone lines and allowing you guys to tell any type of racial joke you like. Yeah. Equal opportunity offenders here today trying to prove a point that people need to just lighten the F up in this damn country. Exactly. And we've covered just about, well, a lot of groups that live in New York. A lot of them. We haven't taken care of the Pakistanis yet. Pakistanis have to be addressed, yes. Those are cab drivers or convenience store workers. Yeah, but we've taken care of the Asians, the Irish, the Italians, the Jews, the blacks, the Mexicans, white trash in general. The Polish, Puerto Ricans, priests, Somalians, lesbians, women in general, Eskimos, dothead Indians and the Greeks. So if there's a if there's a group we haven't mentioned on the list and you got a joke about them, please give us a call. Yeah, people really aren't into this this topic. We've gotten more instant feedback. We have hundreds of email, hundreds of faxes. See, people are still telling these jokes. Life is going on even though people complain and write complaint letters and and try to make this world so politically correct that they stifle everybody. You know, certain aspects of people's ethnic background are funny, regardless of what it is, you know? I mean, certain things, inherent traits, maybe or just stereotypes. They're funny. I love when people say to you and I, you guys stereotype and I go, yeah, we do. We're proud of it. We'll admit it. We like to stereotype. It's funny. You know, there's a bunch of people that are so damn politically correct. They want everyone else to be politically correct in this world that they're taking it to one extreme. So we'll take it to the other extreme. That's all we're trying to prove on our show today. And we want to see maybe maybe there's no jokes out there. Maybe people aren't telling jokes anymore. And I can't read the instant feedback fast enough. They're coming in like a hundred a minute at this point. All these people that want to do away with with any kind of ethnic joke or jokes that they deem in bad taste are phonies that are just fooling themselves. This is happening in the world. And every group is the way people are. We're not above. We're not above this. People like to think we are so evolved like we're like Vulcans. People love to think just because our computers are faster and things are our technology is getting so much better that all of a sudden we're like Vulcans. We're completely logical and and we don't get laughs out of maybe someone's misfortune or people's ethnic backgrounds. You know, you get the same thing with the vegetarians that think we shouldn't eat meat because we're so above that. People were not above this stuff. We're human beings. We have some fun little toys, but we're not all that high and mighty. We can still laugh at a lot of things. Bravo, please. I.N.A.W. Oh, B. Yeah, what's up? Anthony. Hey. What's going on, guys? How you doing? It's Trippie. You guys are out of control, man. Totally. Over the edge. I love you. Oh, cool. Thanks. Listen, I got a question for you guys. Yeah. What do you get when you put 50 Pakistani women in one room? What do you get? I haven't heard this one. Don't know. No clue. Drumroll. A full set of teeth. There you go. I hope your day is now complete. Thank you. Anytime, guys. The Pakistanis off the list. I'll cross them off. Hi, I.N.A.W. I.N.A.W. Hello. Yeah, what's up, bro? You got a joke? I don't know. I was talking to you. Yeah. Listen, I got two jokes here. All right. One will cover the queers. Okay. And the other one, if you're interested, will cover just about everybody else who wants to. All right. You're saying one will cover the homosexual community. Okay. So with that. Okay. How does a refrigerator and a gay guy differ from one another? Refrigerator, meat, burp, something. Well, go ahead. What? The refrigerator doesn't fart when you take the meat out. There you go. I've heard that one. Okay. All right. One more? Yeah, hit it real fast. I just want everyone else. Okay. How come Jesus Christ can't eat M&M's? Why? Because they fall through the holes in the pan. That too. Hey, I have a gay joke. What does a gay guy and an ambulance have in common? I've got no idea. When you put a stiff in the rear, they both go, weeeeeeeee. I love that gag. All right. Hey, what do you think of Clinton's accuser? Another big story that's hitting the news today. So that Bill raped her years ago? Yeah, back in what, 78? Let me take a look at her. Well, she kind of looks like someone Bill would go after. The funniest thing is that Clinton's lawyers on TV, they're like, just denying it. This is preposterous. It's like, come on, it's Clinton. Come on. Yeah, this is... How many times has he had to come out and go, no, no, but this now is just crazy? Now you've guys gone too far. Now you've gone too far. I mean, before, all right, there were a couple of things, but now this is just crazy. It's going to be, someday they're just going to digitally enhance the Zabruder film, and it's going to be Clinton on the grassy knoll with the gun. You know? I deny that it was Bill. Sorry. I apologize. Yeah, she says that he raped her. She seems real credible. She doesn't really want anything out of this. You know? Yeah. Well, what do you do? I don't know. You can't... Well, one thing you do, the Clintons are thinking of moving into New York after their time in the White House is done. Right. I suggest we take the Giuliani new law a little further. We mentioned this last week on the radio show. Yeah. And if Clinton comes to town, I think we should take his Johnson away. His weapon? Yeah, his weapon. Well, that's what it is. Yeah. So that's what the whole car thing is. They could take it away. So it might have to go that route. Maybe Giuliani's going to do that. Why don't we go one further? All rapists have to have their schlongs cut off. Confiscate the schlongs now. Confiscate the schlongs. Don't put it past Rudy. It's coming. If you're hitching, take the thumb. Take the thumb. Things like that, right? J-walking, take the feet. Yeah. I like it. I like it. Take the feet. Take the feet. Giuliani with a bunch of feet. It's got to go that way. All right. I didn't drive. I mean, I didn't drink that much last night because I knew I was driving all the way home. Right. And when I finally reached Suffolk County, I swear to God, it felt like the great escape, the movie The Great Escape, when they finally got out of Germany. That's how I felt. Well, the same law is going to make it to Suffolk. Yeah, I know that. Boy, Nassau sure got it quick, huh? Yeah. And Suffolk always does what Nassau does. And New Jersey people stop laughing at us because it's coming your way as well. This is a very popular thing that politicians can do that make them look good. It doesn't take much work. And people seem to cheer it. So, they'll do it all over the country. You watch. This will start happening all over the country before it's even tested. Hey, Rick, give me your Big Willie pop bit. Where is it? Oh, it's up here? Cool. We were talking about Clinton. We've got to play Rick's Bit. It's Rick's Bit. Rick, who produces our show. It's Rick. And his fiance is the voice on this, right? Yeah. One of them. Yep. Well, you heard this on a popular morning show this morning, but it's Rick's Bit, our producers' bit. Which is no big deal, but if somebody didn't always bitch about other people stealing stuff, being imitators and things like that, it wouldn't be an issue. Can anyone take a joke anymore? 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York, Def Leppard, Armageddon in it, and Zeppelin 2. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey, I don't know if we're getting more complaint jokes or ethnic jokes at this point. People are really losing it. It's so weird. Yeah, I don't get it. We're allowing people to tell ethnic jokes on our show today just so people will just lighten up. And the people that have called in to complain, we like asking them the question, what do these jokes do? All right, let's look at the pros and the cons. What's the upside to these jokes? You might be driving, guilty as you may be, you get a chuckle. You're giggling and you're hoping no one saw you laugh. Yeah, you've heard these jokes before. Of course, you could be outraged by its content, but if you're alone, you laugh at them. Now let's look at the bad side. What's the downside to some of these jokes? I don't know. I don't know. They insult somebody. So, I'm insulted a lot of times every day. It's part of life. It is part of life. But I don't think they're going to kill anyone. psychologically scar anybody any worse than just living life psychologically scars you. We really don't have an agenda here. It's not like we picked on one group. We've picked on as many groups that live in New York City as possible. No, as possible. That's it. This is what we are. We are human beings. And we were talking to one lady. She's like, she says that she loves us. You know, things were really cool and stuff. But she said we went way too far today. And then we said, well, what do you find funny? She goes, well, all those Stephen Lynch songs. I'm like, the Stephen Lynch songs are in the same vein as what we're doing today. She enjoys the durable song which many gay groups have complained about saying that it harms the gay community. Yeah, the pre-song. I go, you heard the pre-song on our show which has been banned. You know how many complaint letters and special interest groups have jumped on that one because we played it? There are so many special interest groups now that you can't do. That's what we're trying to show you. You can't do anything. You can't talk about anything. Killer Kitten? Animal rights activists want our heads. But she finds that OK, but telling an ethnic joke not OK. I don't see the difference. I don't see what they do. I don't think they're as harmful as everybody thinks they are. They think only psychopaths are telling these things and they're like one joke away from going out and murdering based on jokes. I don't think that's the truth. I think most of the people tell these jokes all the time to their friends, co-workers and that's just the way it is. Our show is based loosely on reality. A little too much reality in here sometimes. Well, you know. Yeah, let's go on the radio and make believe that no one tells an ethnic joke at work or they're out with their pals. Black guys don't tell any ethnic jokes. Yeah. No. Don't tell any ethnic jokes. Everyone's telling them. They always have, always will. No one's going to stop. No group with their fancy letterhead and complaints are going to stop basic human nature. That's why people watch the sensationalist shows on Fox every Thursday. Oh, they're on tonight. That's why they're high rated. No matter how many people write in and can call and complain about them and try to get them stopped, the majority of the people are watching it. Yes. We can't change that by thinking that we're so high above all this on the evolutionary scale. What about? We're not. We laugh at other people's differences, other people's misfortunes. It's just the way we are. Period. As humans. That's it. What about the flak that the WWF is getting lately? Yeah. Now they're starting to get flak. Same thing. I mean, the shows are the hottest shows on TV right now but that's not good enough. All the special interest groups are getting involved saying you can't do that on TV. You can't have a guy that is a pimp with hoes coming into the ring to wrestle. But people watch this. You know, if you're upset by it, maybe in 10, 20,000 years when we're all wearing the tin foil silver suits and we're all walking around this luscious planet loving each other, these things will be a thing of the past. But it's just not the way it is right now. We still enjoy these things and I think they should be accepted. The jokes. Scott from Seaford writes, how can you tell if a Polox has been using a dildo? How? Her teeth are chipped. Now see, I'm Polish. Partly. Why do I have to admit that? Are you partly Polish? Yeah. It's obvious. I'm partly Polish. It is. It's very obvious. I know. Carl from the Bronx. Got a joke for you guys. I'm assuming Carl's a... No, never mind. You better not assume, right? What do you call two Koreans going down the street in a big orange car? What? Gooks of hazard. Oh, well now that's all. See, now after everything I said, now I'm offended. I guess some of them are funnier than others, but... That's harsh. I don't know. We should all just embrace the joke. Hi, AW. How are you doing? I heard a chuckle from you. You were laughing? What joke did you like? He's listening to the radio. No, no, no, I'm not. I didn't know all you guys were talking to me. No, you're on here. Dr. Gook one. Oh, you like that one? Yeah. Well, do you have a joke to add to that? Yeah, I've got a couple. I've got an Ethiopian one. Okay. Those are always fun. What's the best thing about getting head from an Ethiopian woman? No, no, no. I know the answer. You can't say it on the air, man. You know she'll... Yeah. Okay. I've got a blonde joke. All right, go ahead. Yeah, we haven't gotten a blonde joke yet. Go ahead. What's the smartest thing to come out of a blonde's mouth? Don't care. You can't say that. All right, I'll... You can't say that. What is he, insane? We do follow FCC laws, believe it or not. There's rules of decency that the FCC puts out, and then there are rules of decency that the public has made. Yeah. We can defy the public rules, not the FCC ones. And he was breaking the FCC rules. All right, Kenny Wayne Shepard on the way, and the Eagles next. Do you own a computer, or are you looking to buy a new computer? Listen closely to the following message. The original Tri-State Computer Fair is coming to the Ramapo College in Mawa this Thursday. This Thursday. That's right, this Thursday. What does this Thursday mean? It's Thursday today. Is it next Thursday? We'll assume next Thursday from 10 until 3 p.m. That's right. What? What is this? This is... I don't... We're supposed to do live reads on our show? I don't know what this is. The original Tri-State Computer Fair is coming to the Ramapo College in Mawa this Thursday. This Thursday. That's right. From 10 to 3 this Sunday, February 28th, you'll find a variety of awesome exhibitors. What day is it? Did it start today? Did it start Sunday? Does anyone know? Just read it as is. Do you own a computer, or are you looking to buy a new computer? Listen closely to the following message. The original Tri-State Computer Fair is coming to the Ramapo College in Mawa this Thursday. That's right. From 10 till 3 p.m. this Sunday, February 28th, you'll find a variety of wholesome exhibitors selling brand name P... This Thursday... That's right. From 10 till 3 p.m. this Sunday, February 28th, you'll find a variety of wholesome exhibitors selling brand name PCs, modems, software monitors, printers, memory, and it's all at wholesale prices. I'm assuming this is going to be on Sunday, right? Who knows at this point? You'll find the latest products available and if you are thinking of buying your first computer, now is your chance to buy from an expert who can help you get started with a system that's best for your home or business. You can't miss the original Tri-State Computer Fair this Sunday at the Ramapo College in Mawa from 10 till 3 p.m. So we said this Sunday twice, or maybe this Sunday. The Ramapo College is located off Route 202 South of I-287, Exit 66. Call 908-236-2202 for directions and future Tri-State Fair dates in your area. Admission is $6. Don't miss the Tri-State Computer Fair this Sunday. Okay, third time for Sunday, so I'm assuming it's Sunday.