 What a two seven W a W the Rock of New York Everlast what it's like from the CD whitey Ford sings the blues. It's opiate Anthony face for your Monday a little slow around here today Yeah, I'm not noticing a hustle and bustle. No the fax machine isn't working much No, it's spitting out of facts every hour happens on Mondays people are lazy out there I think people might have taken off today. Hope it was a really easy driving. Yeah, you notice that it was very easy And well the rest of the week's gonna be very nice. So yeah All right, there's our weather break. Yeah. Yeah nice weather. Yeah All right on Friday, we got to replay this because we got a ton of email on this damn thing We were going through the paper. We noticed that our pal Reverend Al Sharpton. Yeah He has entered the cyber world like everyone else. He has a website now. It's under construction though, right? Yeah, when I went there it was it said under construction and I got yelled at cuz I thought his website address was WWW.f whitey.com. Well, that's preposterous. He couldn't have a website like that. I wonder who has that URL We shouldn't I don't know we should look that up Let's look that up as we're playing the Reverend Al Sharpton bit from Friday to add whitey who has f whitey dot-com You know someone has it away for Anthony, but The Reverend stopped in It might pop up right now. I just know whitey nothing there Spelt it right. Maybe a dash between the F and whitey Yeah, that core. Let's try that you got to think someone's got the website address. Come on No, no, no one's no one's got f whitey. Oh B no No, that's white man. No, no, let's try come on every other ridiculous Word whitey the whole f word. All right No that that ain't it either nothing, huh? No Sorry, I think we should start that as our website All right, anyway the Reverend Al Sharpton came into the studio supposedly we can't really confirm this is actually Reverend Al Sharpton One oh two seven W. I E W the rock of New York on the way some zeppelin And we got some creed by request next it's opiate Anthony and lots going on the radio station these days Mm-hmm. You heard about the Grammys trip. We're giving away right? What is this? Well, I mean we're sending someone to the Grammy simple as that contest starts Friday more details to come Culture so you got that to look forward to this coming Friday You and I will be broadcasting live at the Longshore Brewery in Garden City Doing the show from 3 to 7 I suggest people get there early because there's a lot of interest in this live broadcast believe me you're gonna want to be there That's for sure. We have a lot of fun We go out and about and we got our pal Steven Lynch coming down We got that cheesy 70s band playing right? What was the name of the band again? Oh, we're gonna be kind of this stuff written down All right Well, next time we talk about will have the band name again But supposedly they play a lot of real cheesy 70s stuff. Mm-hmm, and it's basically our Valentine's Party for pathetic losers And Steven Lynch is gonna just rock he's confirmed He's gonna be playing a bunch of songs down there Well, a lot of people love Steven Lynch and they would they want to see him do a songs live Mm-hmm, and even the forbidden priest song you think you can play the priest song live? Why not at the Longshore Brewery why not all right It's out and about I think if enough people ask for the song Friday He'll have to pull it out of his hip pocket and play it exactly and then in other open Anthony show news We are looking for someone to take on Tara. Mm-hmm. This Tara thing has taken on a life of its own Yeah, come the you know want to be modeled that came in last week She posed for us We put her pictures up on a website and people have been giving their opinion on what she looks like right? Officially at this point in time She is the hottest girl that has ever stripped for us in the NW studio If you don't believe that I'll pop up some of the pictures of the girls that have been in here now That's okay. No, that's okay at the next act But we are looking for Tara's first challenge and thus far the the women that have contacted us Yeah, saying they're a little afraid They've sent in a few pictures and stuff and they haven't made the cut yet. No Tara needs a really good challenge So we are looking for Someone to come down and pose Definitely topless little photo shoot. Yeah, definitely topless and then whatever whatever you want after that What other other poses you want to do anything will beat Tara the one thing you got to be natural Yeah, we don't want implants and and thus now no fake. No, no fake boobs So we'll let you guys know when the first challenge comes about but until then Tara's pictures remain on our website as the hottest Girl to ever pose naked for Opie and Anthony. We need one of those cold like sweepers You know Tara the hottest girl ever, you know with that going stuff big boys would be fun Yeah, we'll get that together All right If you want to contact us if you're a lady and you want in on this to 1 2 7 5 7 1 0 2 7 Keep the instant feedback you're coming and keep the facts is coming to 2 1 2 9 5 7 WNEW just throwing a lot of information at you guys right now Yeah on the way Yoshi from Friday Anthony very good A lot of people want to hear Yoshi and is it true that the president of the United States of America the ex-president Of the United States of America is calling in today. Yes, Ronald Reagan It was his uh his 88th birthday I believe over the weekend over the weekend and Just gonna see how he's doing supposed to call him now Not many people have heard from Reagan in the last few years because the Alzheimer's and stuff Well, yes tragically strict with Alzheimer's years ago and he's been going downhill Yeah, why would why do you think he would pick our show out of all the other shows out there to to call into it? Obviously the Alzheimer's has something to do with I would think 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York with the latest from Sugar Ray That's a song called every morning off their CD 1459 and those guys come to town with Everlast February 19th to Roseland Take us on sale now. That's gonna be a very very good show You might be shocked that at Sugar Ray when you see him in concert if you've never seen them before Unless they're gonna completely blow off all their real heavy hard stuff now that they're going the pop route I don't think so. They think we pull that out. You think they'll play mean machine and the rest of them? Yeah, I'd be pissed if they didn't and I saw him. Okay Drastically changing their sound for 1459 because they realized how successful fly was Yeah, like wow this pop thing isn't a bad, you know deal some cash So they getting some cash every morning every radio station America's playing every morning. It's unbelievable. What's this cool? It's cool for the band sure. It's Opie and Anthony on the way. We got Yoshi from Friday Yoshi call well, no, we called Yoshi, right? Yeah had a hard time because he was busy working at the restaurant Yeah, and he wouldn't let us talk to him until we ordered some pork But Yoshi was on the line because we found out about a new Viagra the Chinese version of Viagra Can you believe this? It's a natural herb Yeah people in China using this. There you go. I got an email that I was saying herb wrong Herb I say herb. It's herb. It's peaches and herb, right and herbal and herbal Alright, so we got the Chinese Viagra. It's an herb a natural herb and We had Yoshi on the phone you guys stick around for that We'll definitely do it before the hours up, right? But we're going through the paper and our favorite president president Reagan Yeah ex-president celebrated his 88th birthday over the weekend Anthony. Yes, he did Happy birthday and I was a little concerned because for the funeral for King Hussein He was the only president that wasn't there living president. Yeah. He's not really making the trips anymore Oh, he's kind of in bad shape. I think yeah, but you notice how far apart Bush and Clinton were Yeah, they had Carter and and and and Ford and Ford as the buffer in between. Yeah Yeah, and what happened to Carter he's looking all very old because isn't the Ford like older than Carter I'm not sure I think so Obviously, he was president before Carter, but I guess it's all that uh Habitats for humanity. He does he has always out there building houses and stuff and I didn't realize how short Carter was Yeah, not not the tallest president now the other guys towered over him But it looked like Bush didn't want anything to do with Clinton. No It was pretty entertaining But I do believe if we got this hooked up right, um, we got the ex-president United States on the line Oh my goodness. This is great president Reagan celebrating his 88th birthday. Let's see. We get him on the phone here. Mr Reagan, you know, we're Taco Bell may take your order, please president Reagan It is it's open Anthony from WNEW. Yes. Well, God bless you, too Thank you Well, we're calling you because we saw the paper that it was your 88th birthday over the weekend It's whose birthday yours, mr. President. It's the president's birthday Well, I want to say happy birthday to Herbert Hoover. No, no, no great. Yes Hello, we want to wish you a happy 88th birthday. Oh, yes Well, Nancy did say something about that I remember her bringing a cake with a lot of candles almost burnt the house down Yes, it was my birthday it was your birthday yes, what do you do for your birthday well, I played golf with Bob Hope We played the same hole 18 times It was all new to us My prostate's like a pineapple Haven't had to use it many years Want to take this opportunity to announce that I'm running again you're running for what I'm running yes What do you mean you're running in my pants? I'm running mommy. I'm running again. I need a change If I may yes want to wish the condolences to the families of King Tut Awful King who's saying of Jordan died who was King who's saying who's saying yeah, who's saying not me Well, no it was King who's saying of Jordan Jordan what? Michael Jordan was a great sports figure and we'll all miss him Mr. Gorbachev tear down that wall Well Forget your vice president was at the funeral blush let me ask him a question of President Reagan have you talked to Bush lately? Well listen here. I may have Alzheimer's but the day I start talking to Nancy's vagina put me in the ground Talk to Bush that's preposterous Mr.. President what are you doing to keep busy these days well? My day starts at 6 o'clock in the morning with a good bowel movement Yeah, then at 630 I get out of bed Then the rest of the day is pretty much cleaning up this is wrong. Hello. This is wrong Hello hello president Reagan what happened here service center may I help you Where's Bonzo hello mommy someone's on the phone for you. I have to go We lost a little confused today just a little Some dead bottle in there, I can't believe the bush thing my goodness I Like a New York one in two seven W. NeW Stevie Ray Vaughn and couldn't stand the weather It's hoping Anthony slurred my words, but feel a little better Are you after your cold medicine well Ralph was like half right? I guess Ralph to tour helped me out on the way in today Anthony picks me up and I have a you know a couple sneezes in a row I'm like oh must be some dust in the air not thinking anything of it by the time we got to Manhattan I couldn't see I couldn't breathe. I couldn't go ten seconds without sneezing And this was all three o'clock when it was showtime and Ralph gave us some gave me some Dristan maximum strength cold medicine I believe or something like that, and it cleared you up They cleared me right up, and he swore it wouldn't make me drowsy But I definitely feel slightly out of it little fuzzy more than usual I feel like just off like I'm just missing you got it. You gotta go home and take the quill I'm gonna take the quilt and I have a green fluid I need a good night's sleep tonight that'll do it because I can't stay up till two or three playing Tomb Raider 3 now By the way, I got it. I got to talk about the game really fast as you know Anthony's into half-life I'm a half-life head. I don't think there's a video game more manly than half-life Oh, it's more computer game I should say and I'm playing Tomb Raider 3 and Anthony's bragging about how he's you know blowing guys away And the guts flying the wall and the graphics are great. Oh, you just see meat Faces I saw a face fly across the room the other day It's just great and I'm doing Tomb Raider 3 and I'm shooting monkeys and Tigers and and you know taking out snakes and stuff. That's that's cute. Yeah exactly I started feeling like oh my god wait a minute This is kind of a fangy game cuz I haven't seen any of the real you know stuff Yeah, you know I'm killing little cobras and Anthony's putting people's faces on the wall after he takes them out The game's getting interesting finally Tomb Raider really yeah, I'm in area 51 now finally all right You're in the desert. I'm in the desert in the middle of area 51 I'm searching for the alien in the middle of this compound and now the guys are coming at me with their stuff Well, there you go now you get humans coming out Yeah with laser sights and machine guns and I got my desert eagle gun in my and my machine gun and now we're battling Now I feel like I'm killing something Yeah, I mean it and they even sent some attack dogs after me Attack dogs those are pretty scary when they come in that smoke them smoke them bang with my desert eagle thing Yeah, and now I'm taking on the enemy They got their laser sights, and I'm hiding and I'm blowing people away finally now. I feel good now I feel a little more manly finally That's that's what it's all about this jumping from cliff to cliff and then taking out a cobra every once a while It's getting boring. Yeah, the gymnastics is one thing, but you you got to take some people out And early on in the game you got these friendly monkeys But I was I was bored because I needed to kill something so I'm just blowing away the friendly monkeys I'm like give me something to kill So I must say my progress in the game is going quite well I don't play every day, but I think I'll finally be done with the game by May Really? They do take months to get through months, but I feel a little more You know good about myself that I'm finally taking on the real enemy Well, I hope I have some good news in the half-life corner over here. Yeah, Jen actually enjoys a portion of Half-life I'll get her on your side. I know but it's the map building portion Okay, now I'm getting into building the levels that you play on mm-hmm, and she's really into architecture So this opens up a whole new thing. Oh, you're so in so now it's cool You know she she wants to contribute and you know help build these things and Idealize what the environment will be for people to run around and kill each other in mm-hmm and now now we're getting along with it No, Anthony explain this to the newbies because this is pretty a pretty amazing concept I mean besides just playing half-life on line or by yourself now You could just build your own rooms to fight in this is a brilliant idea I got a hats off to the people at valve software They put in the half-life program something called worldcraft and You build it's it's a program to build the levels that you play on mm-hmm so instead of just having to deal with what they give you and then you play it for a few months and you play it Online for a few months and go on board with these rooms now everyone that plays Has the potential to build their own level throw so it only ends with the imagination of everybody playing out there That is wild. So now I've just started getting into it. It's pretty complicated. Yeah, but it's cool Yeah, I mean I spent hours just figuring out how to make a door You know like damn door can make the door move. I need a window I can see through No kidding. I just built a room I put a big swimming pool in the middle with a diving board and a huge ugly monster in it. It's great It's it's a boy gets you thinking though. It's amazing where gaming is going. Yeah, so it's a brilliant idea They gave the rooms to the people that are playing the games now You can make them yourself and Jennifer's into helping you build the room loves the architecture part of it and loves the idea You know, she wants to make a big castle and now she's not putting like cute little candlesticks on the mantle Oh, she's getting into building some rugged rooms with you. I know we're talking bricks and steel Yeah, very good. Yeah, we're gonna have a drawbridge and we're designing a little moat It's coming along quite nicely that's a that's a brilliant idea it is I love it I love the whole thing cool All right. We promised people Yoshi from Friday here Anthony and The Yoshimaster. Yeah, what was the the story on Friday again? Well, there was a new type of Viagra that came out in China made out of all natural herbs And it's supposed to outsell Viagra in China supposed to be better healthier. No side effects Mm-hmm, and they got cute little like naked girls on the packaging Yes And a picture of the Adonis himself and they say that they're supposedly gonna sell a hundred million of these things hundred million And there's a billion Chinese. Mm-hmm. That's a lot of limpa Thingies over there. Yeah, so we got an expert on the phone to talk about the Chinese Viagra the natural herb And of course, it's our pal Yoshi What oh two seven W&W the rug of New York days the new touch peel and stand it's open Anthony boy and Well, the Knicks are off to a fine start In a shortened NBA season. Huh? What I've heard they've lost the first two games of the season I know I really really wouldn't know that That basketball is being played because I refuse to watch it Yeah, well the Knicks fell to the heat 83 79 yesterday at the garden That's a three-way well, it's not only two for twelve And then that garden my game Why is the mad dog on our show all the sudden? I don't know. I was just making a reference that he always pops up All right. All right. I'll confess Anthony. I've been watching hoops man. Did you are you I have to I'm like an addict though, man You said you weren't gonna watch you were pissed at the NBA and the players and the lockout Show is about our fans. The fans are the ones that suffered so basketball's coming back f them I'm not watching and the show is about honesty Yeah, and I just gotta admit that I've been watching a lot of lots and lots of hoops. I'll be I watch hop it I watched five games in the last three days Oh my god, but you know, it's it's but it's not getting the job done, you know, like when an addict You know, he needs to go to the stronger stuff, right? That's how I feel much the games and I'm just not getting that same Getting the boost now. I'm really not I'm disappointed Well, I thought you were gonna hold your ground but I figured you know, it's not why someone on this show has to you know be informed about basketball There's a lot of our listeners out there that are watching the games So that jerk off spike Lee is old yelling and these in the audience and he's watching the games and Well, they're everyone's watch and not everyone interesting Point a tennis is attendance is down all over the lake. Well, no, thanks to open like they had the Jazz and Lakers plan Yeah last night. Yeah Bob Costas someone's got to shoot him shot up Shot up you don't like Bob. No, I don't think many sports fan like likes Bob Costas at this point He over analyzes and he just shot up. Let me watch the game Shacks on right first of all that the point is gonna make the Lakers that there were a ton of empty seats And it was a huge game is the Jazz and Lakers But every move that Shaq made look at me. I'm just freaking out. I had to talk about that I know look I'm sorry But it's an observation about Bob Costas every move that Shaq makes is a power move power move power move power It's not a power move the power move Shaq is seven what two three hundred twenty five pounds and he's been he's doing power moves. No, it's what it's his layup But everything was a power move to Bob Costas really another power move by Shaq I don't even know what a power move is. Oh, okay I wouldn't be able to tell you either. I guess it's going to the basket that strong Okay, Bob Costas has to make a big huge deal that Shaq is doing his power moves So obviously you were so pissed off you you turned off the game and didn't watch it. Well Actually, I was very unsociable yesterday Sandy's mom had a surprise 53rd birthday party Yeah, and I pretty much blew off the party stay in the basement watch basketball That's how bad it is that's how bad it is I can't pathetic. I at least I'm admitting it. I'm very disappointed Disappointed I could have lied it went on and made believe but you know, the Knicks just look horrible this year though Horrible, it's it's early. Obviously. They got to get spree well and everyone's a minute but But doing is just not gonna get the job done Patrick not getting the job done but the next Patrick Ewing obviously some problems He spent so much time negotiating by the Players Didn't get met on the fact that I any doubly maybe this person will get us away from basketball talk. Hi any W basketball basketball the next park Then they saw that they really did their roste of help Patrick you know, it's flat-footed Yeah, you want to know one good thing about the game yesterday What I'm you that the TV and I have the AM station on listening to good old more Yes, that's right Marv did the play-by-play from the next yesterday first time he did radio play-by-play in eight years Actually, I think it was 13 13 this time. Yeah, all this all the 13 years since he's been with that station. Yes It's just a matter of time before he's back on TV calling the game simple as that. Yeah, he rules Maybe you know, he does the radio play-by-play so he can wear his dresses and stuff Yes, I think they'll bring him back soon as they get space on the NBC. Yeah. All right, man. I guess we better shut up about basketball and I think He's overrated and overpaid. I think I would totally agree with you. At least he's got that acting career to fall But I Rodman still unemployed the Lakers were supposed to sign him but they have backed away. So is Miami And I thought he might be going to New York here. No No, I did that Rodman will sign with a team right around the playoffs. I bet you he's dribbling common electors boobs Dribbling he's doing No Yeah, all fake she's overrated I don't like her I don't think she's hot at all actually I saw one day when I was in our Way. Yeah, she's pretty funny Wacky tobacco Funny Hi, any W. Oh, yeah Opie oh, yeah Don't you uh, don't you love Shaq? How much talent does it take for a 300 pound man? seven foot three to get the ball in the post barrel over everybody and Stuff the ball from directly underneath the basket and he still can't do it every time he goes down and I love And he still can't do it. I know when he still misses but but I love when they put up Well That's I think I think you bleeper now. Oh my god. We had a dump out of the leg He doesn't like effing Shaq. No, he doesn't like effing Shaq I guess we better move on here. It's safer that way There's our little sports break for you Shaq can make us shizzam to whatever that was What was that? Genie movie made? Ah, that's what it was. They're something like that My Anthony once again, we gotta say hi to our latest sponsor Playboy Playboy magazine. I love Playboy. Oh, what happened to Anthony? Very sexy Yeah The new March Playboy is it newsstands now? Yes, it is with a special sex and music issue Yes The cover story features kiss the legendary group that rocked the Super Bowl pregame and well it fits it features the girls of kiss The girls of kiss I think more people would buy this issue of Playboy to see the girls of kiss and kiss makeup than to actually see the bandmates In this in this issue. Well, they're looking good But I mean you got to go to the centerfold and they got the whole band surrounded by these women Pretty much all naked with the kiss makeup on. Yeah, and ace freely looks completely out of it It's like ace screw the thumbs up. Look what you're holding man You see how I know yeah, it's like dude that's a naked chick you're holding No, they're probably used to that but these girls are smoking and they have a special centerfold Where it's just 30 or 40 girls and kiss makeup with the band. It's very very cool It's a collector's item for the for the kiss fans Obviously, I like the I guess ten girls that are around Gene Simmons as he tries to figure out the next marketing strategy And then the 13 or so girls that around Paul Stanley as he's um, I don't know tying his shoes I guess or something. Yeah doesn't seem that interested. Well the interesting thing about Paul Stanley's picture in here. Why do they? photograph him with a sweater on No, no, I believe that's his hair. Oh, that's his that's his chest hair Oh, he's got the 70s rock band chest hair thing going. Oh, I say okay, you can see it all in in Playboy Well, there's other things in this issue They got interviews with Lauren Hill and the Beastie Boys love the bees Beastie Boys This is the music poll winners also an interview with horny Drew Carey talks about how he like date strippers and stuff and believe or not Seductive rudah Rudolph Giuliani irresistible Keith Olbermann. Okay Rudy Giuliani's in the same issue as the girls of kiss. Yeah Isn't that funny? It's very interesting The black crows at the Beacon Theatre on the 25th 27th and 28th of this month all three shows sold out But I do believe we'll have more tickets to give away right here on the radio. That's from by your side That's kicking my heart around the black crows and so being Anthony Looking through the instant feedback here Anthony and Mike from Astoria says guys There is no way anyone is going to be Tara. She is a total Fox Sexy innocent looking and just plain gorgeous, babe Hmm All right I'm just waiting for more contestants Well, basically if you go to the WWE website click on Opie and Anthony go to our semi live studio cam You'll see the pictures of Tara pretty much everyone has seen the pictures of Tara at this point and she is officially Anthony officially Oh My goodness Where that comes from the hell was that? Well, Tara is officially the hottest Girl to appear naked on the open Anthony show so she needs that little diddy. Yes. All right Yeah, so we are looking for a girl to dethrone Tara and until that point Tara's pictures will remain on the website And then we find another girl a contestant will put her pictures up and you guys can decide Who should be the hottest girl ever? Yeah, it'll take her It'll totally be up to the listeners of my course. Hi, any W. Hey, you're a mo I'm a mom. You know what that means H mo. Okay. Why I'm changing into Mopi Anything else? That's it. All right. That was great. Great radio. Thanks The hell is that? I don't know. I think Rick hates me though. Why he goes line one Oh, we put that through. Yeah, you put that one through out of everybody trying to get through he puts that one through Alright, that's great screening Rick. Great Alright, also this guy in the line that he got the pipe this weekend Anthony Oh and you know how we hate the pipe Well, I've never gotten the pipe. I've never either. Alright, but I don't look forward to ever getting it Well, we're in our mid-30s and we know the pipe is coming soon, right? You're supposed to get it Well, they quiet why you putting that call through? He He got me. All right, he goes I want to talk about Tara and you guys are talking about Tara Mike perfect He wants to talk about Terry doesn't sound like he's happy with Tara I figured let me slide him in and put in his two cents and he comes on to go you guys are most Great. Okay, great Doesn't bother us but give us something else to go with man. I hear you but it's just you know, no I mean that guy Do you let the Baba booey calls in too? I Got a great story about Terry you got to put me through Yeah Yeah All right Anyway, now we're distracted boat supposedly we got a guy in the line here Hopefully he'll he'll tell a story instead of wasting our time. He got the pipe You got the pipe or in our mid-30s and we're paranoid cuz we're hearing We're hearing that when you turn 40, you got to start getting the pipe. I heard 50 Yeah, that if you've had no problems that 50 is a good age to get the fight and not 40 No, all right, because I thinking guys in general really paranoid about getting the pipe Of course, we're called talking about colonoscopy. They take the pipe and put it where the Sun doesn't shine Oh, we call it the pipe the pipe. Let's see how this guy got the pipe The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW fly away from Lenny Kravitz. It's Opie and Anthony Well, we made it through another Monday. Yes, we did. We had a lot of fun today Yeah, a lot of good things happening on the show today. Yes gotta thank The ex-president of the United States President Reagan Ronald Reagan for calling in about his birthday. That was a treat. It sure was and of course sure was And should we remind everybody Opie about Friday? I think we should. Yes, we are taking the show on the on the road Friday It's our Valentine's Day party for pathetic losers starring yours truly Opie and Anthony we're gonna be from 3 to 7 this Friday at the Longshore Brewery in Garden City, Long Island Finally getting out to the island considering we were both born and raised on the island I know we 12 born in Queens moved out the island of four and Stayed there till I was kids story. Yeah, I know exactly. No one really cares, but we will be there from 3 to 7 we're bringing Stephen Lynch and The rest of the festivities coming together as we speak black girl black girl them either and the fag will be there Maybe we'll bring tower from the website. Yeah And we do have two trips to give way to Miami That's pretty cool. That's huge. We got to thank our pals from price line comm for Helping us out with that. They're gonna give us the the trip to Miami and the hotel rooms down there I'll hook some people up Maybe we'll do some kind of you know Dating game thing to break the ice between some people that just want to hook up or something right and we'll work it out Well, we're gonna have a huge meeting tomorrow to discuss our life. Yes the meeting great Can you bring the crack or you want me to go cop some crack for us before the meeting? You know, we got to tape our meetings around here one of these days and put it on the radio I gotta make sure I wear my shoes with the good shoelaces And then have the real good plastic on the eyelets like a poking in the holes in my sneaker while I'm just listening to droning Hate meetings. It's just amazing what people in suits can do to this the easiest job in America We have the easiest job in America and they make it difficult easy sir on They throw all kinds of stuff in that Well, we'll keep it fun don't you worry yes, we will How's opium Anthony will keep it all fun. I can't wait to see Stephen Lynch live We've never seen him perform live in front of people just just here when he does it for us in the studio in front of a Festival crowd. Yeah, so I I would definitely suggest you get there early on Friday get out of work early and come on down Because it's gonna be a mob scene. It's a holiday. I guarantee that it's gonna be a holiday Friday three to seven at the Longshore Brewery in Garden City broadcasting live. All right. All right, I guess we're out of here I'm doing ski. I gotta get home. We get some night. Quill. I take the Quill burning man Take the Quill and tomorrow Tuesday night Hummer Club. Yes in action Hopefully welcoming some new meaning new members to our club. Did we get a new song? Yeah, we did We're gonna debut tomorrow. Well, did you hear it? I haven't heard it yet. Yeah, I heard it. It's uh, it's really good I think you're gonna want to you know, put it with the rest of our bits over there Anthony Is it an original composition or is it to another song? Where is that song? Is it I I haven't heard this yet we did want to tease it for tomorrow It's called the Hummer Paradise to the tune of gangsters paradise. It's the gangsters paradise. Yeah Yeah, we'll save that for tomorrow. It's uh, it's from Dave Alright, I must admit we like the participation on this show If you want to pen a Diddy about the Tuesday night Hummer Club or anything that we do here by all means send it in and Dave did he sent in A song Anthony. All right, and we'll be playing that tomorrow. Cool. I'm psyched Yeah Make a great beer coaster Hope you didn't spend a lot of money pressing the CD. No, I can't wait. It's a minute long I think we could give Dave a minute tomorrow, of course All right