 I saw that. And then the flight attendant after the wet t-shirt contest decided to do a strip tease for all the girls. And he's like a 30 year old guy or whatever he was. What a mess. An absolute mess. Ladies and gentlemen, we'll be running into a little bit of turbulence so you're going to see some bouncing cans now. What's up gentlemen? Hey, what are you doing man? I was the one who called and hung up your phone trying to take that but now I'm back. Yeah, that was great. Did you happen to notice that all through that show last night they kept announcing for the news checking in on you? Check it out. Check it out. At 10 o'clock you were through the wet t-shirt contest and I think you could come on to like a quarter to 11. I know. Well that's what they do. The big tease. They make it sound like oh my God, look how horrible this is but they use it because they know everyone wants to see it. Did you hear that lady complaining? Yeah. I can't play camp after a long lady this time. Well, you know, I hate to say it but she definitely has a good point I guess. I would love to sit here and go, that's great but this egg. If I was in like the back row of the plane I'd be pretty damn paranoid. Hold the phone. Look at it this way. There are planes where it's business as usual, everything's boring, you're sitting there that go down. This plane made it, didn't it? Everyone had a grand old time. So who cares? I don't think it makes any difference. There's a party bus in the sky. That's all you need. I don't know. Did you notice last night during the TV show the guy with the crushed hand, the one guy talking about timing, it's crucial to get the hand back to the hospital. Here's the guy picking up and he's like walking straight up. I saw that. He was taking his time. Yeah, time is of the essence to get it back and reattach the hand. Meanwhile the ambulance guy, he's got it in his hand and he's this little saunter down the street, not even rushing, holding it by like two fingers and the guts are like falling out of his hand. I think it's hard to run when you're nauseous because... That freaked me out. There was a lot of great TV on last night. There sure was. One of which I must say wasn't really the Stephen King movie, the third part. Well, Lisa from... Right now I'm in Edison. Lisa writes, I want to send a big F you to Stephen King for the worst ending to a three-part movie ever. I watched the damn movie for two nights and then I was very disappointed last night. First of all, I hate what they're doing with two and three-part movies. All right, Sunday we watch part one. Monday we watch part two. And then what happens? Part three. Thursday. You kind of lose interest by then, you know? That sucks, first off. Well, what was the problem with part three? Well, the whole thing with the first two parts of this movie is this demon guy or whatever the hell he is comes to this small island town and he starts making people kill themselves and doing evil stuff. And he goes, what? Just give me what I want and I'll go away. So the whole two parts you're like, what does this guy want? It's got to be something pretty wild. What does he want? Right. What does he want? Now I'm hooked. The last half hour of the third part, he finally decides to tell everybody what he wants. He wants a kid to teach his ways to carry on in his little thing, whatever he does, which wasn't explained. And then they give him a kid and he goes away. And that was it? Yeah. Get out of here. The whole thing is based on him. Give me what I want and I'll go away. Well, it ends. They gave what he wanted and he went away. And that was it. Stephen. Ridiculous. Stephen, write some good stuff. What are you doing? I wrote this one expressly for telling them. This is one of my most scariest moving camera. He's frightening. All right. Listen, we've got black crow's tickets to give away and we'd like to give them to our faithful listeners, you know, because there's a lot of concert pigs out there that just listen to any W today to win the tickets. We want to try to take care of the people that have been with us for a while now. So we're going to ask them, uh, opiate Anthony trivia once again today for the black crow's tickets. All right. Then we know that you listen to the show and we're taking care of you like you take care of us. All right. That works. Um, want to do the Oprah Winfrey question? Hmm. Hmm. The Oprah Winfrey question. I'm just trying to think what the hell is the Oprah Winfrey question? Remember we were talking about how Jerry Springer is kicking her ass in the ratings. Yes. Happened again this week, by the way. Okay. So what's the, what was the question? What should Oprah show on her show? Right. To get ratings. What should she expose? That's it. And you got to use the exact term we used. Okay. All right. The rock of New York, one of the seven W any W black crows kicking my heart around all weekend long. You've got chances to win tickets to see the black crows. And right now we're giving away a pair. What's the opiate Anthony trivia question again, Anthony? You might remember we discussed Oprah Winfrey getting all pissed at Jerry Springer saying that if the sleaze isn't cleared from the airwaves, she's quitting television. And Opie made a suggestion. Well, cause she's ticked off because she's just getting her ass kicked. Yeah. Her ratings are getting beaten by Jerry Springer. Yeah. So Opie had a suggestion, Oprah, that maybe if she exposes something, her ratings will go up. Mm hmm. And we want the proper terminology. Yes. Yes. I any W. Yeah. Let's check in. I have to. Uh, yeah. Go ahead. All right. Cool. I want to send out after you to, uh, George Steinbruner. Well, a lot of people are, yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Put me on the trade of the heart and the soul of the IPC. You're on. The greedy guy. You're on the air, dude. Live. I am? Yeah. Oh, nice. All right. I have to send out. I have to listen to you because you should trade yourself. All right. Can't say, George. I hate those digital phones. They want an answer. Hi, any W. Who's this? They want an answer. My name is Joanne. Hi, Joanne. We got you live in the air. What is the answer to the Opium Anthony trivia question? The balloon knot. Yeah. Yeah. Oprah should go on TV and show the world her balloon knot and she would get better ratings. That's right. That's correct. I would tune in to see that. Ugh. Where are you calling from? Um, Newark right now. All right. Hold on the line. You got black crow's tiggers. Oh my God. You're kidding me. Yes, you are. You're pulling my leg. No, no. No, you are. You're joking me around. No, no, no. I sent you that call yesterday. Did you get it? Oh yeah. We got your call. No, did you like that one? Oh, I loved it. My God. It was great. Really? No swear? Yeah, I got it. All right. That's new. No, you got the black crow's tiggers. No, I didn't. Oh my God. You did. You want me to just go on to the next caller? No, please don't. All right. Then you hold the line. Okay. What station wants to see your balloon knot? I'll see you. Yeah. Hey, hey. Line two. Where's your balloon knot station? Just hate when stations go, what's your fiber, right? I'll stash it. Like they're not going to say, like they're going to say another station after you gave them a prize. All right. Chris from Comac, Long Island's home to the Comac Motor Inn writes, F you to George Steinbrenner and his baby face, a hole in the GM for trading away the only real and down earth player in David Wells. I'm bummed. You know, now that I've had a day to think about it. Yeah, I'd rather see David Wells pitch. I know Roger Clemens is a great pitcher and you have to make the trade, but I'm just sick of us, us meaning New York trading away the hard, hard-to-get, hard-to-get, hard-to-get players. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. I'm bummed. But obviously, they're going to win. They're going to win every game this year. Of course they are. So you don't need a rocket. Mad Dog, I didn't think you were coming in today. I didn't think I was coming in today. Say hello to you. So you think it's a terrible trade? I think it's a terrible trade for baseball. Terrible. You know, you're on hour, I believe, 30, discussing the trade. Hour 30 discussing the trade is a horrible trade, a terrible trade for baseball. I think there ought to be a celery cap in baseball. A what? A celery cap. Celery cap. Oh, celery cap. That's what I said, celery cap. Celery cap. Can't you hear me? All right. I said a celery cap. All right. We're going to be back after this Toyota commercial. You like Toyota, don't you? I like Toyota. Toyota. Wait. I got a yaggy. They're going to win every game. And now he's waiting for him to have a vote. All right. All right. Greg from Staten Island writes, through the fax line, 212-957-WNEW, please send an FU to my jackass boss for thinking me and my fellow coworkers are alcoholics for going out last night, getting drunk and coming in 15 minutes late today. He would drink too if he had to work for him. 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York, Eve Six and Leech. Sophie and Anthony on FU Friday. Whoa, sorry about that. That just ended. I guess it goes into the next song on the CD. Yeah, sorry about that. Ralph, the tour is in the studio. Wow. Hey, hey, hey, hey. We love Ralph. He's our pal. So sounded great, by the way. Thank you very much. I love the noon hour. I'm enjoying it. I get a little help, though. What do you mean from other people? What do you mean? Everybody calls up with their requests and stuff. Yeah. Well, when you put it all together, it sounds great. Thank you. I was digging the toadies the other day. Yeah, I know. We might. What is that? It's a isn't there a law about, you know, like, you know, like, you know, like, you know, a lot of the facts like that. Oh, I know. Who does nasty. You should see the stuff. Our listeners fax us and we can't discuss all of it, unfortunately. OK. Well, it's not that I'm going to send me a website where it's a whole website dedicated to people getting off with vacuum cleaners. That's dangerous. I don't know. I love where somebody lost the destruction. Yeah, but they got pictures of guys, girls, couples, you name it. You know, getting off with vacuum, just got to make sure you don't use a flowby. You ever see the flow-bee, the haircut thing that attaches to the vacuum? Make sure you remove the flow-bee before using it. I was just trying to trim. So Ralph's in the studio, he says goodbye every night before he goes home, and he said that he's going to be returning some sheets. Yes. Sheets. That he bought. I bought sheets on the street. And you're going to return them? Wait, wait. Yeah. Wait, wait, wait. You bought them on the street? Yeah. And you're going to return them? He was very official looking though. He had the badge and like this whole... The badge. He bought the badge from the guy, two little booths down. All right, so what's the deal? You were on the way to train and you saw a guy sell a sheet and he needed a sheet. He's right outside of Penn. Right outside Penn. But he's there every day. All right. He's there every day. Now what's the problem with the sheets? Are they used? What's the deal? They don't go. They don't go, what do you mean? Quote, unquote. They don't go. Oh, wait a minute. They don't go. You were trying to do something nice. They don't go. And buy some sheets. You saw the sheets and go, you know we need sheets. So being a guy you have no sense of what goes and what doesn't go. Number one. Number two, I also don't know that there is, there is sheet whatever. What's the word I'm looking for? Sizes? No. Queen size? King size? No, I don't know. Quality. Sizes. Come on. All right. I don't know. Sheet hierarchy? The quality. As far as how... Basic quality. All right. There's a thread count. Thread count, yeah. Thread count, yeah. Yeah, thread count. So these are really... There's sheets in the hundreds actually. Oh, is there? That are super cheap. Now how much did you pay for these sheets? Is that important? Kind of. I want to see how much you got ripped off. No, it wasn't. Twenty bucks a set. All right. And each set has a flat sheet, fitted sheet and two pillowcases. All right. So now you're going to go there... So you're going to go there and choose the pillowcases. And tell them the thread count was too low. Yeah, that's what I'm going to tell them. You're going to try to get your money back. They don't go. So you got a tape recorder, you got a tape pistol. No, I don't have my little micro cassette recorder. They're not going to take it back. He said he'd exchange them. Exchange them for the same sheets. No, no, for different sheets. I got them committed to exchange at least. Ralph, are you going to play some three card Monte on your way down to the Penn Station? Come on. Oh, you're making me sound like a sucker now. Come on. Well... Twenty bucks for a set of sheets is a good deal. Just, they don't go. Oh, I got a great New York story, man. Who knew? Me and... I was playing with a rock-cut. Old band. We come driving in, had a guy drive us into the city to do a gig. And he's waiting out in the car. And we come back out after the show. And he goes, guys, check it out. Got a VCR. Like, oh, VCR, huh? A hundred bucks, he says. And this is back when VCRs are going for three, four hundred bucks. And we look at the box. It's this shrink wrap that's really thick, very hard to open. And there's just pictures cut out of a circular from the Wiz or something. With VCRs on them. And over a black box. And he's just psyched. So we feel real bad. We got to tell him now. He just, no, it's not going to be... Dude, there's nothing in there. No, I'm feeling it. All right. So he opens it up. And it's really a bitch to open. They make it that way. So you can't just do it on the spot. And there was bricks. A couple of bricks and some newspapers rolled up inside. He was so bummed, man. Where's the guy? Where is he? I don't know. I gave him the money. And he went off into a corner somewhere. He was gone. I got to tell you, I did have a fear that I was going to take these sheets home, open them up, and there would be holes in them. Yeah, well, that could happen, too. It's going to be Monday if he takes back your sheets. I think he will. Preused, maybe. I have a lot of faith in people, so I think he will. You're a hell of a trusting guy. You're crazy in the city to have that much trust, man. I don't think so. I wouldn't even have bothered taking them back. Just, they're drop cloths now, you know? Yeah, use them next time you have your pain or something. Rags. They may end up that way, but... Yeah, well, maybe. I'm going to give it a shot anyway. Well, good luck to you. Let us know what happens. Yeah, do actually. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York, Tom Petty. Don't do me like that on FU Friday. You're hanging with Opie and Anthony. We have a guy in the line that is going to jail in two weeks, so he needs to win the Black Crow's ticket so he can see one more show before he goes into the joint. Jail? Jail. What do you got, man? Hello? Yeah, what's up? Hey, who's this? Opie and Anthony, we got you live. Hey, I need some Black Crow's tickets. Why? Because I'm going to jail like a week after that concert. Why are you going to jail? Basically because my lying ex-girlfriend is hanging with my friends or my ex-friends, and I guess my ex-girlfriend and my ex-friends, and basically they set me up to save themselves. Sounds like a drug thing. No. No? No, it was like a violence thing. All right, who did you beat up? Nobody, but they're saying I did, you know what I mean? Who are they saying you beat up? A car and some, you know, some Tourette's and they were in fear and this and that, but really I didn't do anything. It was just a setup so they could have me removed by the police so they could do their own thing or whatever without getting caught. Now how long are you going to wait for? Up to two years. Oh, Wade, you beat up some stuff pretty seriously if you get in two years. I didn't beat anybody up, I really didn't, you know, but what happened was they slapped me with a restraining order and that means I can't see my kids. Right. Yeah, so, you know, it was like a month before Christmas so I went over there in a rage, screaming like, you know, what a bitch because now I can't see my kids for the holidays and that was a violation of a restraining order and that's basically what I'm looking at. Ouch. Oof. That's basically my charges, you know, contempt of court and violation of the judge's orders and the whole thing. Well, it's, I don't know, we might have to let the listeners decide if we should give you the tickets or not, man. That's fine. If you go either way. So when are you going? Probably like a week after that concert. Like March, early March? Yeah. And for how long? Up to two years. Up to two years. All right, oof. Hold on a sec. Thank you, bro. Hi, N.E.W. N.E.W. Hello. Hey. Hey, how's it going? No, we got you on the line. No, we got you on the line with somebody else. Where's the other person? I don't know. No, it's not working. That stupid phone. I don't know, though, because if this guy, it's violence against your girl? Well, that's what they said, yeah. I don't know, unless we get the other side of the story. Too many stories, you crazy bastards. All of a sudden you get the restraining order. You go over and figure, if you won't love me, no one will. No one will. You won't love me. Hold on right there. Let me tell you something. I don't want her back. Who would want more of that? You know what I mean? You just want your kids. Well, sure. It's not fair to me. Or them. All right, hold on. I'm going to see what the listeners think. All right. We like to do this stuff with our listeners. Hi, N.E.W. Hey, N.E.W. You think this guy deserves the Black Crow's tickets? He deserves them as much as I do. So you want him instead of him. You're going to the joint? No, I'm not going to the joint. Well, listen, you know, he's going to the joint, so he deserves the contract more than me? Well, he's not going to think about it. Yeah, think about it. He's going to be doing stuff that... He sounds like a tough guy, but I don't know what he looks like. Let me ask you a question, guys. He might end up after the Black Crow's being queen of the weight room prom. You don't know. That's what I mean. We're trying to hook him up one last time before, you know... Well, let me ask you a question. Yeah. Is it my fault that he's going to the joint? No. No? No. So why should I lose the chance of getting tickets? All right, so you vote for no. No. Okay, thanks. He votes for no. Hi, N.E.W. Hey. Oh, my God. You can't use those words. He said, F, no. Dude, it's not looking good. One more try. Hold on. Hi, N.E.W. Hello? Yeah, what do you think? Does this guy deserve tickets before he goes into the joint for two years? You know, I think he does, but I tell you what, he has to promise not to kick anyone's ass. What, in the joint? Yeah. He might be getting his ass kicked. Not in the joint. Not in the joint. The concert. Oh, yeah, really? That's true, too. He can't go kicking anyone's ass in the concert. All right, man, thanks. So there's two no, one yes. All right. First one to three. Hi, N.E.W. Hi, yeah. Why don't you tell him, why don't you give him those tickets? You want to give it to him? Mm-hmm. Why do you want to give them to him? Because that bitch keeps his kids away from him. That's not cool. Well, all right, there's a yes vote. Hey, this lady thinks you should get the tickets, bro. Bro. Ah. Just tell him that. All right, we will, thanks. Okay. We used to be able to conference callers, but no more, I guess. Yeah, that's what happened. And now I just hung up on the convict. Ah. All right, we'll try to take care of him. We'll call back. All right. What a clusterf that was, man. Damn. We used to be able to conference callers, but for some reason we can't. I don't know if he should be rewarded, I'm hoping. No. Without any proof of, you know, we don't know what her side is. We should get the lady on the phone as well. Yeah, I'd hate to give a wife abuser. Right. Any tickets. Not saying that he is, but I don't know that he isn't. 1027WNDW, the Rock of New York, FU Friday with Hopi and Anthony. Thanks for checking us out for the ride home. There's a guy, I think this is the one right here, hopefully. Hi, NDW. Hi, yeah, what's up, guys? What's up? Nothing, I want to give a big fat FU to some chick I don't even know her name. Because listen to this, I was on a business trip about a month ago. I went to a bar, right, I'm just an average looking guy. Met some girl, I thought, wow, this is great, look at my luck, right? Went back to her hotel room, everything went well. Ended up hooking up with this girl. Now I got General Warke. No. Right? I knew it was too good to be true. How often do you really go out and get laid? It always happens to the other guy. And when it finally happens to me, you know. Well, all right, first of all, where were you? General Warke. Do I have to say? No, but are you married or have a girlfriend back home? No, that's a good point. I just put up with my girlfriend recently. So I'm like, I'm on the prowl. And you know when you're out looking for it, you never get it. Since the one night I was out looking for it, I actually got it. With growing toads, you get General Warke, pal. Was she really hot and stuff? That's just it, she was hot, you know. And I was like, oh. Why didn't you wrap it? It broke. Oh, come on. Yeah. Don't BS us, pal. Why didn't you wrap it? I didn't feel like it. I know. I didn't. Surgeon, I. I didn't bring any with me because I really never thought, you know, I didn't think I was going out and getting laid, you know. So what are you doing with General Warke? I don't know, but oh, God. I went to my doctor and he told me what I had. And I was like, oh, shh. How embarrassed were you when the doctor said you have General Warke? Well, luckily I got tested for other crap too. And everything came up all right. But I had to laugh, you know. Oh, my God. There's a lot of people laughing at you right now. Trust me. General Warke. Yeah, big F-U. I had a big F-U, you know. Next time wrap it, man. What are you, crazy? I know. You know, you can say that, but it's not always. Exactly. You can say that. But, you know, I mean, if you didn't have one with you, you'd be doing the same thing I did. No way. No, no. I'm saying it's not out of the realm of possibility that if you're out and you don't have them with you and the opportunity is there with a hot girl, you're just going to go, you know something? Eee, let me just spin the wheel. No, no way. But not do it. I would have to. No, just do some other stuff, man. I'm too paranoid. I'm too paranoid for that. I'd be freaked out. Well, now I am too, you know. Yeah, exactly. You're lucky you got off with General Warke. I know, I know. Could have been a lot worse. Yep. Keep up the good work, guys. You're making me laugh, at least. No, you just made everyone else laugh. All right, man. Later. Have a good weekend. Keep that thing tucked away. Oh, without a doubt. All right. We got the Barbie thing up on the website? Yeah. Yeah, I had to do some wheeling and dealing, but it's up there. All right. Yeah, somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? All right. Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? Somebody, what? a But I learned great why I sushi when you're describing it I was gagging. Yeah, that's pretty bad. Now was that the sickest video you saw last night on that show? I called my wife and I told her don't put it on the television. She was upstairs. So what did she do? She put the television on and she started screaming at me because I told her to put it on. It was sick. It was great TV last night. I was saying why don't they just run the small intestine on the inside? Why do they have to put it on top of the guy's rib cage in between his ribs and his skin? They said because he had infections in the past. They had tried other things. His body rejected it. Yeah, well they figured they would just run it on the outside in case there was a problem that could get to a really bad... I don't know what the deal was. That was amazing. Fox has reached new lows guys. Of course and I'll watch every single show to be honest with you. Every single show. Yeah, I mean the Guinness Book of World Records, they're going to have a guy live trying to set the record being on fire for the longest time next week. Pretty soon Fraser and Niles would be doing operations on themselves to get the ratings back. Screw the sitcom. Did you see what Regis was doing this morning? No. Regis was mud wrestling with a chick. Swear to God. I was watching going is this Regis or Jerry? It's like the old Richard Bay show. Yeah, that was a good show. And Regis was like beating the crap out of this girl. Really he was putting her in a headlock and flipping her over on the ground like he was roughhousing her. I think he was liking it. She was in a bikini. All right. Well thank you. Guys, thanks a lot. You're doing a great job. Hey, thank you. All right, so long. Everyone knows what it takes to get some ratings on TV. You got to be sensational. You got to have the shock value. And it's got to be simple. People are tuning in these shows in record numbers so keep them coming. You know what happens? You don't have to sit there at the beginning and wait for commercials to go to the kitchen and pay attention to hours and three, six hour mini series. These are shows you could pop on around the channel and go, oh, I'm stopping right here. Halfway through. It doesn't matter. Well, you see that on TV. Where are you going? Nowhere. You flipping through that? You see Two-Headed Chang. What are you going to do? You're staying to see more. Go to Friends? No. No, you want to see more of Two-Headed Chang. Two-Headed Chang. That was poor. You should see a two-butted wang. He ribbed next door. All right. Well, Tara's getting ready. We're going to take some more photos of her and put it on our website hopefully by the end of the day. Yeah. I think we've got to do these rather quickly. Scott Colombo's got to pop them on the computer. All right. We'll do it while the commercials are playing. All right. All right. So Tara's stripping as we speak. What does she have on? Whoa, what is that? Wow. Oh, my goodness. Wow. Wait a minute. I'm not going into a commercial. That's very nice. Take your headphones off. Okay. Those are better than the underwears you were wearing that day. See, she came prepared for the photo shoot today. Yeah, definitely. Wow. Wow. Let's just do one like that on the chair. Hold on. I've got to learn how to drive this camera. Okay. That is an amazing shot right there. I like my camera, but wow. Let me. I guarantee that shot will be better than anyone you did last time. That's a good one. Yeah. The Rock of New York 1027WNEW. We usually play that on Tuesday nights for the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. That's our pal Red Peters. And below me is Opie and Anthony and Tara hanging in the studio putting on another outfit for us. We're taking another set of photographs for her because we promised that we would do that because she didn't like the first batch we took. Better camera. She's got little outfits she brought in. She's prepared. I've been snapping away like crazy. Yeah, she's prepared this time. Oh, my God. She's changing totally. Whoa. Hello. Whoa. What's up with that? Damn. Wow. Look at that. That's a beautiful batch. That's nice. Very nice. Let me get that. Hold on. Anthony's distracted. He's been taking pictures for the last 40 minutes. Okay. Come on. There it is. Perfect. I've got to make sure the shot is right. That's fine. What do you got, man? Yo, man. Check this out. How did you guys play Blow Me during Lent on a Friday when a girl can't eat meat? Come on. Say after you went during Friday. Friday. Come on. All right. You make a good point. Oh, man. Come on. You're going to get a good hummer on Friday during Lent. That's pretty funny. All right. You guys rock, man. Great. Have a great weekend. You too, man. All right. Hi, N.A.W. This is Two-Face Chang. Two-Face Chang checking in from last night's shocking medical video show from Fox. I make a lot of money at Two-Face Chang. I work at Chinese, Japanese sick house. Oh, yeah? Yeah. I flip many burgers and many Szechuan Chuk Tau chicken. And lots of pork. Everyone thinks they're- One has some pork. Two-Face Chang eats pork and chicken at the same time. Amazing. I talk to people one side, flip chicken to other side of the table. My other mouth, my teeth look like a bunch of wontons. I had stuffing mouth. Oh, we have wonton, super fresh, garlic salad. See him? It wasn't even really a mouth. I don't know what that was. Well, he had 12 teeth in the side of his face. It was a vagina. It was like a beak. Oh, look. All right, man. Later. Later. The guy just had to get out of control. Everyone's trying to do the Yoshi voice. I like that. Mark from Jersey. He's got an F-U. I want to send a big F-U to Sue, a girl from work that I dated years ago. She dumped me and made it crystal clear that I should get out of her life. She then proceeds to follow me to the gym, to concerts, and other places. She sleeps with my friends and then spies on me. She's now doing this psycho stalker thing with hang up phone calls and bogus beeper messages. Stay out of my F in life, you lunatic. Thank you, guys. Keep on rocking. Tara's really hot, hot, hot, hot, hot. All right. Well, there you go. Two-faced Chang can give a hummer and say, I rub you at the same time. Yeah, there's a couple. I don't think I can find there is some feedback. Very nice. Yeah. But what is that purple? Let me see. What's your big on? That is black. That is very nice. Wow. Yeah, the guys and girls are going to love that one. That's a good one. I like when I get up there. Oh, yeah, you get up there. Sure. You can get up there. You get up there. Yes, you get up there. Let's move all this. She just spilled the water all over her lingerie. Did she? That's okay. That's strategic. Hey, before you leave, can you take, you know, you've got to be completely naked and sit on every chair in the studio. Trust me, it'll drive someone nuts around here. I'm serious. I can't say now. We're not allowed to talk. We're not allowed to mention that person's name anymore. That's all right. We need a few paper towelettes. I spilled water. All right, here comes Kevin, our intern. Before it goes into any other work. He's an intern. Is that why he's running around like a lunatic? Well, yeah, but he wants to get in radio. He does a great job for us. Yeah. And look, he does a great job for him. Look at this little ditty he gets to sit through. Look at the perks he gets. Anyway, while they clean up the table, there's a couple. They were so bummed they missed our talk on the Shockey Medical videos. They were looking forward to us talking about it all day and we did it earlier and they're bummed. Sorry. We want to know what you guys thought of Two-Headed Chang. We've been talking about Two-Headed Chang the whole show. All right, Terry, get up on that table. All right, let's see what this is. All right, everyone else out of the picture. Yeah, move the mic. The pictures aren't the same when you have a bunch of dorky guys in the background. It looks like you've got Hot Terry in the picture and Ben the fag is in the background. Well, sitting like that's a good start. Yeah, with the leg hanging over. Wow, that's great. That's pretty good. She's prepared today. Yeah, totally. I think the guys and girls are going to love these pictures even more than the first batch. I'm going to have to do it that way. Yeah, let me move this. Hold on. Be patient. I've got to get the right shot. Wow. That's a great shot. That's an unbelievable shot. Hit it. Oh, yeah. Hold on. Please hold. There it is. All right. We're going to try to get these pictures up before 7 a.m. Yeah, I got to get this camera into. Is that velvet, by the way? Velvet, brown, tan? Very nice. All right. You should do one of those good, like, what do they call those? Very artsy shots. Maybe on the couch. Like a, what's it called? Yeah, no, we're like, first of all, ace the bra in the bottom thing, but you have your leg kind of curled up and you're kind of holding. Yeah, yeah. But we're going to do it out there on the couch. Yeah, but out there. Now that's rock and roll, kitties. Rock in New York, one of two seven W. Any W sound guard in rusty cage from bad motor finger. It's open Anthony. Chris Cornell, one of the best singers out there, I think, in my opinion, without a doubt. Well, Anthony, our spies here at any W did well for us once again. What do we have? What do we have? I got in my hand or I should say I have in my hand a FCC complaint letter going to the FCC. How'd you get that with lawyers and everything involved? Come on. I'm serious. Let me say totally serious. There's the lawyer's name at the top. Don't want to give him any air time. But what is a lawyer is complaining. I believe so. Or this lady went through a lawyer. Why would you go to a lawyer to voice your complaint? February 19th, 1999. This is going to the FCC Federal Communications Commission Complaints Department referring any W's open Anthony. So all right. I knew it was just a matter of time before we start getting in trouble again. What does this busy body have a problem with? Well, I guess this lady talked to our boss and that's where the letter starts off. As per the telephone conversation I had with your organization, I have attached pictures from the WNW website. Oh no, this is after she talked to the FCC. Oh, great. It's even worse. As per the telephone conversation I had with your organization, I have attached pictures from the WNW website. These pictures are from the live broadcast and illustrate the content and context of the open Anthony show on Friday, February 12th, 1999. You will note that in one of these pictures, Mendy sits on and straddles Twinkies while wearing thong underwear. Is this serious? I swear to God this is serious. This lady FCC'd everybody including the mayor. The mayor who? The mayor. Julie Ghani? Yes. Get out of here. Freaking, uh, CC'd the mayor, all our advertisers. She included the photos from our website. Oh brother. Which by the way has nothing to do with the WNW website. Of course. All right. You will note that in one of these pictures, Mendy sits on and straddles Twinkies while wearing thong underwear. This was described in detail by Opian Anthony on the air immediately after which they asked the audience if anyone wanted a lick. Did we do that? I am offended. This was also the context and content of Opian Anthony's conversation when they started talking about playing with the ladies. Wah wah. A few minutes later. The P word. We didn't say that. They did an impression of Popeye's voice saying how he loved to play with olive oil's Pusky all night long. Who? What's the offense given about a Pusky? By anyone's standards, I believe that this would be considered indecent. Anyone's. No yours, you bitch. Especially as it was being broadcast at approximately 430 in the afternoon. At that hour, the major listening audience of a rock station would be children and teenagers as most adults including the parents of these children are still at work. If by some chance this isn't indecent and inappropriate enough for children and teenagers to be listening to, there is much more. For example, on Wednesday, February 10th, 1999. Great long time listener here. This lady has heard it. Everything. Open Anthony had a woman named Spike at the studio. They asked her to strip for them in the studio and to pose in various pornographic poses completely naked while they took pictures of her that they posted on the internet. They described what she was taking off, her body parts in detail, her poses and what parts they were photographing at the moment. We got to hear all of their lewd reactions, jeers and comments as this was going on. Oh my God. What's the problem here? She also cc'd the NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NY had the best body at this time they also began mocking a man in the studio who they said locked himself in another room because you want to be part of the scene and didn't want to be photographed with spike spike had chains and whips and they claimed the man who they described as black didn't want to come out because he was afraid of whips and chains because his ancestors were slain and he had watched roots now that is the writing of a mad woman now i was in the studio what's in the uh... marianne i mean i will give the last day because i just so many of them marianne marianne get a grip no one number two i like it school yeah that's my girl client black girl by the way for the middle east said the roots kind of the roots come out like i said the roots comment i don't know i said i don't know you know by let's move on to let it here uh... afraid of what the change because his ancestors were slain and yet watch roots they dragged him out had cost them so pictures of the of him being whipped by spike and dedicate the next song black dog to him the boy she was paying attention well we did so that's all true but it was just so happened the next song was black dog what can i tell you uh... i'm the king of uh... sags what can i say finally on many occasions including tuesday february sixteenth i don't know if they were could this kind of be at approximately four thirty p m they gave out the address of pornographic and new websites over the air and occurs listeners to check them out now that was that uh... the top of thing for us which man uh... yeah and all of them are you know about the website again it's a circle it's a flash mountain dot com flash mountain dot com w w w dot girls that flash at disney when they're going down the floor right now is the day i want and they have now that's very funny flash mountain dot com flash mountain dot com flash mountain dot com marion on february sixteenth nineteen ninety nine specifically they gave out the address and then logged onto the site themselves and described over the air what they were saying who's i've made several attempts to contact the station manager mister one one one one at w any w but he is never available and does not return my phone calls join the club the as far as i'm concerned i'm trying to raise my children with a basic on others including all races and sexes here it is the the raising of the children by ocean i certainly do not want them impressed with this image of sex this treatment of women and such disrespect for other races i wasn't offended by any standards these broadcasters indecent and inappropriate and you have any other questions please give me a call sincerely marianne or for a fight any standards no by your standards that you're now trying to push on everybody else marianne who what what what credentials does marianne have that she can judge for everybody else what they should listen to marianne knows what makes uh... a good parents marianne knows what people should listen to so let's put marianne in charge of everything will run barney twenty four hours a day and the world to be a marvelous place with no primer or a hatred or anything because barney will be running twenty four hours a day and simple as this marianne uh... if people are being entertained by the open anthony show there's something called ratings and we don't get ratings were gone were adding here but if the people are enjoying the show that so be it let him enjoy this and there's a novel on the radio to write turn on and turn off he has all the pictures from the website she gets by expanding the guy from our party like the knobs on our website look at the picture there's knobs on the radio you can turn oh wow you've got the the twinkie uh... pictures he's got the pictures of men sitting on the twinkies this always the fcc you know what i don't think that the fcc has anything to uh... do with regulating the internet right now and i have not my change and these pictures are on the w and w website because the whole page in that works here and any doubly told on us on that one so can't do anything like a restriction area for like his his own kids you know and he's she then she says then she should do her parenting and and and not uh... letter kids i can tell you i a w that the way to go to the party where live on the air what do you guys know marianne out of her mind and it didn't make her happy uh... probably not i would say my opinion from reading this letter probably not probably not a member of the tuesday night armor club you guys have an educational program we're just trying to have fun make people laugh after a long hard day of work simple as that it annoys me when people try to put their morality on on everyone else because they're offended by something or something that might even excite them into the late and and that upsets them so they wanted wiped out and and taken off instead of like like we've seen radio something you can turn off so turn it off marianne don't don't put your little ideas on everybody else there baby people enjoy hearing about uh... fat girls but sit on a twinkie and i like being at all pretty entertaining tell you the truth where i would listen if i wasn't doing it on the air here if we were presenting it i'd be listening to it on on the drive home so there you have a few people try to take away a constitutional right to the world where we desperately need exactly so i i i would uh... strongly uh... suggest that anyone that uh... does like the open at the show there's a feedback section on the w any w website please go there and and uh... you know tell me what you like about the show is now we have to get all our material together for the fcc we've been through this millions of times in the past painless maybe uh... marianne was a little uh... she got a little titillated with those pictures i'm saying perhaps this could happen is is this possible open uh... very he was looking at mendy sitting on the twinkie maybe marianne was thinking who i would like to taste that uh... twinkie i'd like a little taste of the i'd like to have a look at the cream look the cream out of that cellulite crater she dropped her mobile once a while to the package of the system would be a lot happier that's right uh... she doesn't like this bit either so i want to play it on the air which was uh... variance thinking i want to be a twinkie and i want mendy to sit on me and to our spies at any w thank you very much for uh... getting this letter iraq in new york one of these seven w any w that's all celebrity skin whole play with marilyn manson april six continental arena and on the seventh of april at uh... nasa calcium tickets go on sale tomorrow morning at ten a m hey own a one-cent big f you to marianne or whoever wrote that letter to you and also i love your show from the annexes that nylon and another another uh... email from tom and huntington points out an interesting thing i think as per the claimer tell marianne she's not supposed to be distributing those pictures reproduction or distribution as per our disclaimer right to learn through the disclaimer all right we gotta give away some black rose tickets when we like to give the tickets are faithful listeners not the friends listeners i mean you know hopefully you friends listeners will start becoming full-time listeners eventually but we do want to care of the people that have been with us for a while yes uh... so we do open Anthony trivia so you took this one this question i got uh... only goes back about a month yeah so you got a pretty good shot at it uh... give us a call right now two one two seven five seven one oh two seven the question is what what did anthony do in high school to make some extra money yes to make some extra money anthony did something in high school it was uh... a little uh... bizarre i guess you would say a little look at has been creative definitely not the obvious don't say you know it was he's selling drugs you know that's not that's the obvious now this is kind of twisted it was a service i will say that and you admitted to this when uh... louis black was on the show with us and i think some just to give people a little help them right now uh... i really fast against in this uh... f u out from sandy hey guys i was in a big f u out all the lazy ass people who still have their christmas decorations up and a real big f u to the idiot morons house a pass by every day who has the nerve to still light up their tree and decorations on it's absurd already keep up the great work you guys it's i've seen that this decorations down at sandy and jersey they had a story on the news about a pitfall that attacks of people's stuff and uh... they they shot with a tranquilizer the dog died and stuff so they went to the dogs uh... owners house and she was talking to the crack in the doorway yes he had a big huge christmas rates still up on the door really but i mean what is it's it's february nineteenth uh... quickly another f u uh... big f u to those a holes in midtown who have those large golf umbrellas i saw this year and then and when it rains they refuse to move out of the way while they're walking super slow god i hate those jerks well thanks guys for letting me that and thanks for keeping me smile while i slaved away here at work you guys are doing a great job well that's the famous you know i'm the most important person in the world yeah we've noticed uh... i'm sure all you have to that most of the people on this planet think they are the most important person on the face of the earth they are the only person and should not be inconvenienced for anybody uh... you'll notice that you'll be driving behind them uh... left lane and they are doing forty miles an hour and they have open highway ahead of them open highway in front of them and they won't look in the mirror you know something if i'm in the left lane and i see no one in front of me i automatically look behind me to see if somebody maybe wants to go faster than i am but these people are the most important people on the face of the earth so they don't look the uh... people in the supermarket that put the shopping cart in the middle of the aisle and then stand next to it as they're looking at it for their groceries and i'm standing with the card and i'm looking on won't don't you know other people are shopping no other people want to get their car through no most important person on the face of the earth and there the person that has to take all their numbers at the counter their lottery tickets in i mean not just wanted to say uh... two hundred numbers in your cell behind them and you just wanna by one lousy uh... paper given it to three five box give me the seven eight nine give me the four eight the end with the six box that river three six nine four to that and i want i want to pack a gum you bastard a pack of gum you look behind you man i got a daily news and and two quarters of my head to say oh here you want to go ahead of me real fast new course and i i was good to have the answer to the black coast agents rights of the question again what did anthony do to make some extra money when he was in high school in high school by any doubt that you know i call for a blackboard ticket yeah you're live on the radio to turn down your radio because uh... we're on the line no care so i will i was the answer to the question article what you get man i don't know you get that date uh... now now i don't know how you get a beer on how you thought it was a pimp i don't know another element that you never know listening to the cell but not get bigger than a week uh... unfortunately not this time and sorry correct that uh... high any doubt that you know and i got an answer to the question happy to be pregnant and closet what's your name high how you are yet uh... garden state parkway at one oh one day has a traffic tonight i know that well that's why we don't need traffic on the show because it's not every night out especially friday you know i the radio stations that do traffic it's just a waste of time people know when it's not so when it's good exactly you know now she actually got it very very good great i have to say can i do it at you out to marry and tell her to get off across to somebody else needs the word yeses i have a good i like that one now there she's gonna write it for everyone it always happens to us but we'll see what happens when holly thanks you got the black rose tickets and anthony has to explain this again really fast here all right uh... back uh... many hallowed halls of uh... john h glenn in elwood uh... where i was attending high school part-time uh... and we are yeah uh... sometimes uh... the girls would get in a little uh... nervous that they get a little nervous if they missed their period and uh... they were back uh... this was late seventies early eighties right so i'm here though guy now well now well we're young trust me compared to what they had yeah and uh... they had the girls again a little nervous that they were pregnant and the p p t pregnancy test used to be a bitch it wasn't just you know ways on a stick in way for a plus or minus but this is like you know i don't like sign in by the minister and i will my kids who's bring me the u uh... i a you'd have to set these things up for three hours in a very still place like you couldn't move it and it had to be kept in dark cool area and most of the girls could just you know risked their mom walking in on them while they're doing this test so uh... i would be good to do the test they would come over to your pad they would have to buy the test and uh... pay me uh... twenty bucks and hand over the little vial of urine and i would do the test for them in my closet and uh... come back with the results doctor and i also did have smears uh... weekend and i was aspiring uh... guy now how many girls came to you i think i in my career i've that i've got had to be over ten are you serious yeah and they were screwed in my heart and i must say the way i thought of the idea was i was the first to to use it uh... and then i thought well what a pain in the ass what if somebody can do this at their house where would you put it you know i'm the woods now how did you advertise a word of mouth where mouth got around the one side you know cuz you had to tell everyone here how to do the test and it came up negative thank god there then someone come to me to what test was that manner my girls kind of you know i think and then the girls would come to me and then i would uh... do that do the test any dates out of this uh... no uh... c in my hand and uh... might my dean in and john glenn people in a set i wasn't amounting to anything in that school yes i was p and very people all right plan i don't know why we get info from you for the black rose to go congratulations and thanks for listening have a great weekend there's someone that pays attention that's good very good robin say as it writes he's got a good one f eighteen wheelers on the l i e that think no one wants across the center lane from the left lane to get off the trucks line up like for a row in formal all effing blows canada so true where where where i got a problem with that guy that is true though now you're in the left lane you know you want to cross over the right lane yeah why the trucks next to you should be way past them i swear to god not because i hate the people in the left lane that are doing the same speed as the truck as a child now i'm trapped or the people that i love the people that are afraid of the rates so they stay right at the rear quarter of the truck in the left lane the whole time because they don't want to pass it meanwhile that's probably the most dangerous place to be past the damn thing basically if you're in the the the the furthest left lane you should be like going two hundred miles an hour it should be that if you're in the left lane and anyone's behind you get out of the way anyone that's all the way should be reserved for people doing a hundred that's the famous get the f out of the way late right the famous get the f out of the way now is ongoing a hundred in the left lane but someone behind me is right on my bumper obviously he's gonna go faster than a right i will move over and i will bow to you you don't say you the road you don't say hey i'm doing a hundred screw you you know you get out of the way to see wants to do a hundred ten exactly you know i mean that's why cuz people are doing fifty five sixty in the left lane they look in the mirror and they go well i'm doing sixty no you know what get out of the way to know the way the guy behind you want to go seventy nothing wrong with that he can handle it uh... that's annoying i have road rage just sitting here now gotta play this on that the right in new york one of these seven w any w that's the band marvelous three and freak of the week soviet anthony question there as well i fought the law and uh... uh... man and we have to take a quick break business business rule around here we gotta get our commercials and before seven uh... once it's only two and a half minutes stay there two and a half minutes will close the show gots uh... lots to tell you guys and a lot of stuff added to the website will explain that we have to have a studio alright so be it's anthony and it's there and wrapping up the festivities today got a few minutes left here but yeah you can tell had a lot of fun uh... anthony uh... posted a god great animated feature man yes the uh... little barbie uh... animation that's what's going on that's going around if you haven't seen it yet it's uh... ken and then as the with bob barbie's pretty funny looks like uh... charles manson he had a good really does now they dressed them up to look like a cook but that's on the uh... semi-live studio camp yes if you go to the open at the section of the w any w website and then the uh... and f you'd like you know i i have a cheer within a cheer and cheers and cheers and t v god open you know i have an f you within an f u abby from new york says at the people court in an elevator see walking in the elevator but don't hold the door who do they think they are anyway uh... i have a counter f u abby i'm sorry i disagree with her as well as the people that walk up to the door and expect you to leave it to open up for them i was standing in there waiting and you know how long it takes the elevator door to close sometimes it needed close or close or close or close door here to hear comes someone here and then right when it's ready to close somebody comes in mistakes there are many now they walk in now you wait and close or again you know something abby i'm i'm waiting there for the door to close so you just wait for the next elevator like i waited for mine know what we do when the elevator and someone's comment yeah we make it look like we're making an effort to reopen the door so we just start pushing but what you're not pushing any buttons were pushing the wall like a look look at all the other look all it closed i'm sorry you put this sorry face on as a good person like old starts i'll let the guy come back and i think that uh... and that's how you have to with the new pictures we took of you incredibly man like maybe two bad ones but that was like mid-like pushing my hair back or something the rest and he did an excellent job of what i think you it was an antony with the camera was the camera i use the good camera this time unit that pictures that the second batch of pictures we talk uh... last two hours and make the first pictures look ridiculous and definitely i think i'm my favorites the one where you're in the job boxes and those are good the uh... that are cut way up those are nice and of course the other lovely couch pictures it's all my god those are great all my god absolutely great check it out well and anthony didn't put him up yet but sometime this weekend to be able to check those out though the other place the old pictures of town and i feel confident to be challenged and five complete confident and and guys if you have any doubt if you see the new batch of pictures that uh... there is not the hottest girl to ever pose naked money open anthony show him wax i would i would agree with that and anybody who feels they could challenge uh... please let us know i'm hoping a new challenge it comes forth uh... this coming week and great and you're in the you know but the two it's just one of the spot for us who you have any other than that the invite my nails on the way to learn now let me tell you if these new pictures it's going to be very difficult yeah i a a challenger to come in here and then uh... take your but ladies if you think you got what it takes means that contact the open and the show hopefully will have someone come in here next week because those pictures up this weekend alright uh... you want to end with bit of the week bill week uh... was uh... what you're seeing definitely you're seeing chinese new year the year of the hair more rabbit yes and uh... they have any fireworks this year julianne put the kibosh on that again they had those lame-o fake fireworks but they have these air tubes that should confetti and powder out the look like smoke who it's like white bottle out white bother yeah because they used to just throw that the mats and mats of firecrackers in the sidewalk and and they didn't mean the uh... the the dragons going through this fire and else great but i'm now it's kind of sucks alright so we got a hold of your she uh... to talk about the chinese new year yes i know you're she's a japanese name but uh... are you she is chinese sorry more more pc policy letters we get on that as well do you know you'll see is a japanese name why do you have in and we're working at a chinese restaurant that's really well first of all uh... you'll see is not real uh... second of all look at first of all jackass my god why can a chinese guy be named joshi why not why not for that i don't know obviously it's a very good dishonorable no i don't know and i'll quickly looks like uh... most people are bummed about the trade now that's been a day or so well i think i really am on that uh... wells is leaving at first he were really excited about this that they're going to know what kind of stinks the new corky steinbrenner talking about how i he personally spoke with uh... david wells yeah and he was uh... a little choked up he got all choked up david do you want my office the david i just got to tell you on the second best picture that's a bummer and i'm the richest guy in baseball but do it together but then in the same breath he turned around talks to roger clements gays on the phone with roger clements i got you yeah yeah the best picture roger clements of the best picture and i have a bad like you on my team who uh... uh... uh... so getting back to your she i don't leave but and always thinks we leave on friday because they were not here for monday but well i was in your sheet turned out the chinese new year yes we got him on the phone is a little drunk he was very drunk