 Opie Anthony, Opie Anthony, 1027 WNEW. Ah, Friday, Friday, Friday! Ah, it's FU Friday on the Opie and Anthony show. And I have the first FU of the day. Yeah? A big, huge, tremendous FU to the mayor of this fine city. Ah, dropping out of the Senate race. Well, he's got problems, Opie. If you haven't heard yet, he made it official. I think it was obvious to everyone that he was going to drop out. I don't know, it seems to be taking a lot of people by surprise. No, you can just tell. They thought he'd tough it out. He made it official, he dropped out of the goddamn Senate race, which pretty much means that Hillary Clinton will be representing our goddamn state. Ah, hand it to her. God damn it. Well, is he backing out because of the prostate or because of his marital woes? A combination of both, Anthony. Is it? Because he'll blame it on the cancer, saying, you know, the treatment's a pretty serious thing, and he's got a, he's got a, you know, whatever. What's the word? I'm just pissed. I'm just pissed. Because to tell you the truth, if he's backing out because of the marital stuff, look at his opponent, Hillary. What, he went out, he was banging an aide while he was married? Well, sounds a little familiar, doesn't it, Hillary? No, I think the cancer thing's, you know, cancer's obviously a very serious thing, and he's probably freaking out right now, and he's got to take the treatment very seriously, you know? Yeah. But, oh, God, the Republicans, there's no way they're going to get a candidate that's going to give Hillary a run for the, you know, for the money. Lousy-o? They're saying lousy-o, but, I mean, she's got a huge head start now. A huge name behind her, a huge head start, it's all over. Huge thighs. Huge thighs. She's a robot. She's not even human, like our buddy Lewis Black says. Yeah. Damn it, I'm pissed. I guess he's going to speak or something. So now everyone's going to say, wow, you're like a Rudy supporter? Well, I think he was, he was the better choice between the two. Plus the cops are happy because, well, he was going to leave anyway, but, I mean, you know, he wouldn't be in the city anymore. No. Hillary. Hillary? Her first frigging political office, and it's got to be us. She couldn't go down to that goddamned ass backwards Arkansas that she came out of and run there. What? Because she knows her own people wouldn't even want her. The rubes down there. Those eyes of hers must be bugging out of her head. Every picture they show of her, she's got those eyes. Big eyes. The frog eyes. Big, gaping mouth open picture. They always get her in that pose. There's never been a human picture of Hillary in the paper. I am distraught today. Distraught. Now we're going to have to, you know, it sucks. Now most of our campaign isn't going to be based against Rudy, so we're going to have to listen to her psychobabble about her issues. I didn't even care about what her issues are supposed to be to help the state out. I was just hoping for some severe mudslinging, you know, and with those two it would have been great. It would have been a lot of fun. And that's another reason why I'm pissed off, because the campaigning was going to be outrageous. It's going to be great. Now all we're going to get is months on end of Hillary in P.S. whatever, kissing black kids. That's her campaign. I need another Negro child to hug and kiss, please. What the hell is up with that? I don't know. Are there any white schools around New York for the politicians to go to? Every time you see a politician at a school, it's a bunch of black kids and Hillary reading to them or something, or giving them a big hug. Where does Reverend Al ever run? Where does he go, like Glen Cove? He's not hugging the kids there. Someone saying DeMato should run. I remember him. He's been out of the mix for a while. Hey, Jay, what's going on? Hey, guys, how are you? That's the only solution to the dilemma. That's interesting. Anyone heard from him? I don't know where he is, but this is his big comeback time. It is. If he wants to. I mean, this is it. He's just shooing. He got ousted last election. It was a close election. It was very close. Absolutely. And this I think is a great move for him to get back into politics, if that's what he's going to go after. Nothing beats when he does the impressions of Asian people. Remember that? Oh, yeah. What was that during the OJ trial? He was doing Lance Edo. He was doing Edo. Oh, me? I think. Oh, man, the crap hit the fan on that one. He would definitely be the Hillary slayer, though. But that's who I want representing our stage. That would be good. That has a sense of humor. Exactly. Someone who's proven. That guy used to bring a lot of cash to this stage. Oh, it's crazy. The guy's where he knows he's in there, and he cares about the people. Where's Al? Where's Al? No offense to the Lazio camp, but I just don't see him making a run for it. You know what? I read the guy's name in the paper, and I don't even know who he is. He's been around, but... He has been around, but you're right. I mean, she's got a huge head start now. Huge. Yeah. So bring back Al. Plus the fact, man, we're going to have the damn president in our backyard. Yeah, I know. Well, like I said, that's probably the only upside. Yeah, because that'll be some stuff to goof on in the news, at least. See, because once he's out of office, and he's just a civilian roaming New York... Taking pictures of him at the Kmart in his sandals and shorts. How fun is that going to be? Oh, God, it'll be great. I'm privileged in that. Hey, Spaz, give me a lap dance. That's right. And thanks, it's all well and good, but as soon as you start sitting in traffic because he wants to come into the city two or three times a week... Well, yeah. That's true. He still gets all the protection. You are going to be so freaking pissed that he's in our backyard. I don't think he'll come to the city, though. He's not a city guy. He just does that because he's the president. He is an Arkansas guy. He's going to be no shoes. He's going to be drinking Meisterbrau on his couch, big gut. Come here, baby. She's going to be taking care of the state. Rob, I've got to let you go. In the case you don't get the teeth cleaned again. Oh, man. Yeah. How's your mouth holding up there, pal? It hurts today. It hurts a lot. What was his name? Shut up. Let's get it all said. I know I'm obligated to say that. Let's get all sides of this issue on. I'm not happy, but Rob, line one, this is the greatest day in New York. Absolutely. For every working union man and woman, this is the greatest day in years. You just wait and see what Hillary's going to do to you. Let me put it to you this way, man. I met her Wednesday. She's going to screw you every way possible. I met her Wednesday. She is a completely different person than the media wants her to be portrayed as. Oh, really? They're bashing the snot out of her because her husband is a dirtbag. What line of crap did she give you? Actually, she didn't. It was more of a, hey, how are you? And I was dumbfounded because I'm meeting the First Lady and I actually wanted to ask her a bunch of questions. It probably would have got me shot by the Secret Service. Rob, how big is that ass in real life? It's not that big, man. Shut up. I've got to tell you, in all honesty, 350 people there, every one of them had the same exact remark. She does not look anywhere near as big in person as she does in the media. Yeah, she's wearing one of those like pantsuit things where... No, come on. What was she wearing? They've got ways to cover the fact. She was in a blouse. She was too big for me. It's not like there was no secret mirror or anything. I mean, she was right there. All right, Rob. You should have tried to kiss her. No, yeah, that would have gone over real well. Wrestle to the ground. Hey, Rob. Actually, I was working with the Secret Service to identify people so they'd let them in. Oh, really? Yeah, it was pretty cool. What, are you a cop? No, no, absolutely not. I'm a union rep. Oh, okay. Hey, Rob. Yeah. What I want you to do, if Aunt and I are still doing New York radio a year from now... Yeah. You give us a call and tell us how great of a job Hillary is doing for you. Let me tell you something. If she sits there and does nothing for three years, it's better than what this slimebag Giuliani would have done to the labor movement. His number one priority was New York right to work, and that is the destruction of unions. Thanks, Rob. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Union debate going on for years. I don't think we're going to convert anybody on that one. F you to Rudy for dropping out. I mean, you know, people are all over the ball field on this issue, but Eric, what's going on? Man, I cannot take it. How could this happen? We get another year and a half of him. Yeah, he's still mayor. He's still mayor for a year and a half. Yeah. Well, who knows? You know, he dropped out of this race. He might have to... I don't think so. He might have to back out of being mayor. And who's he going to give the job to? Well, who's next in line? Another guy with another colon cancer or whatever, prostate cancer. No? No, that's the police commissioner. That's the commissioner. He's got like a deputy mayor or something. Deputy mayor? I think it's Michael J. Fox. Michael J. Fox, that's the one. Well, actually, he's being replaced by Charlie Sheen. Yeah, so it's going to be Charlie Sheen. Charlie Sheen. With all the hookers. All right, Eric. All right. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. All right, I don't know, man. It was going to be an exciting race. A lot of mudslinging, like Aunt said. That's all I care about. You know? You know? Now we're going to miss it all. Trust me. You know, I'm not the hugest fan of the mayor, but I just hate, hate with a passion, Hillary Clinton. Yeah. I think she's the biggest phony. Hypocrite phony. I mean, I see she has no right coming in here and into New York and saying that she knows what's best for the people of New York. She didn't know what was best in the White House. Right. Hubby's there getting hummers. Dan, what's going on? Hey, how are you doing? Hey. If Hillary gets in, you guys can kiss all your rights goodbye, starting with the Second Amendment and then it's going to work its way right to the First Amendment. They're the ones that started the politically correct nonsense, if you remember. Yeah. That's all I have to say, guys. I have. Have a good day. Thanks. We can argue this all day. I'm just, you know, whatever. To tell you the truth, I don't think much will change. I think where certain money goes is going to change, but it's going to be the same amount of money. Instead of going to certain programs that Rudy would have had to go to, it will go to ones that Hillary wants to go to. But like I said, I'm going to miss the campaign and I don't think she deserves to be in this state. Start out at some crappy Arkansas state. Ugh. Are there more than one? What? Arkansas? Let's see. Arkansas. Anything down there. Mississippi. They're one of those crap states. They're all considered the Arkansas states, right? Louisiana. Louisiana. That whole mess, that whole cesspool of America on the Gulf, right down there. Nick from Pelham, get the wax figure of Rudy. I'll vote for that. It still has more personality than Hillary. And it's where on the wedding rings, though. Whatever. There's obviously a lot of people that support Hillary. There's a bunch of you guys checking in. I understand all that. I was looking forward to a really wild campaign. But like I said, also the only good thing out of it, we've got Clinton. And once he's out of office, please mark my words right now. Maybe mark this tape so we can play it. Once he gets out of office, it's going to be one of the biggest F-Ups in history. You are going to see this guy, when he doesn't have to answer to the public anymore, he's not a public servant anymore, there is going to be a fanfare of F-Ups that he is going to get into. I believe he'll be the next Joey Butterfugo. Yeah. I'll go that far. Very good. I'll go that far. Yeah. They'll have a little... Chicks. ...a little beer belly. You'll have an auto shop somewhere. Auto body shop. Right. I can completely see that happening with the move out to Bayshore on Long Island. Yeah. I'm just going to have no one to answer to. You're right. Yeah. Once he has no one to answer to, it's out of control. The drink and the broads you're going to see in the tabloids with him. It's not going to be like any other ex-president you've ever seen. Because Lewis Black said it. Lewis Black was at one of these conventions and he saw the president stuff and he said... remember he was on the show. He said, guys, you don't understand. The women are just like moist around the sky. Throw themselves at him. They all want him in a big, bad way. And what would be the biggest thing that would keep you from getting a Hummer? Maybe being the president, having every move you make scrutinized like that. Maybe that would keep you from straying. Didn't stop him. Just wait until he doesn't have all that to have to contend with. Yeah. Just wait. He gets his wife in the Senate. Yeah. He doesn't have to worry about screwing up her campaign because they probably have a deal. Look, you just sit and shut up, finish out your term as president, let me get elected to the Senate, then I don't care what you do. I'll make my own career. You could go your own way, whatever the hell you want. Yeah. Okay, honey. Yeah. And then once it's over and done with, it's going to be such fun watching this guy self-destruct. Oh, I'll go as far as to say that we'll get him on our show. I think so. I think Barry Williams is going to go, oh man, now he's out of control. With the broads. I mean, there was a day, you know, and I would have never thought that we would have had Barry Williams, Greg Brady on our show doing the things he was doing. Hi, Escort Service. Yeah. William Jefferson Clinton. Could you send over a two, a three horse? When's Hillary coming? Can you get Anthony the limo driver to drive me around? Hey guys, I love coming on this show. Right. They'll be dripping the hot wax on the ladies. We'll be hanging with them. Syndication when Hillary gives me some. Right. All drunk and stuff. All drunk. Where's the beer? You see me in front of TRL with a wild? Me and Psycho Mark, I'm a psychopath. They'll call in for Stoner Spelling Bee. Someone wrapped up my presidential limo in newspaper and put a fish on the hood. I'm pissed off. It's on Steve's website. Don't forget about Stoner Spelling Bee, Anthony. With Clinton. Dude, shut up, you whore. We've got to get him on the show. That would be great. I'm a little propaganda, but really stoned. How full would that be? But you know something? Right now it seems impossible. You wait. You wait. Anything's possible with this radio show. It will be amazing, this guy. The whole thing with his weight was totally because of appearance. He didn't want to pack on too many pounds because he's the president. When he's just sitting in that house and chap it all up, he's going to be getting burgers just going down, fries, beers. We all know he likes to drink a little bit. We all do know that. What do you think that nose came from? That thing is getting huge. The W.C. Fields nose? He's got that huge, big, drunk guy nose. So you know he probably pounds it down. We know what his sexual preferences are. My God, cigars, fatties. Youngins? I like the young plump ones. I like the couple of those over. Suck it. And she's going to be taking care of business in Washington. He's going to be in New York. Guaranteed we get that phone call. Open up. I'm a big fan of the show. I wonder when can I come in? You got to blitz me if you're bad on the couch. I want to do some wax dripping. Come on. Let me on. You'll see him run in front of a news camera with a wow sign. I talked to Rick, but he said you were too busy to put me on the show. That's funny. See, people are getting confused. We've got to get Mike on the air. This is a little confusing. Mike, what's up? Say your piece, Mike. What's going on? Hope you're Anthony. Hey, I know why you want you, Leonny. Why? Because you're a non-union ten-locker. Two little scabby guys out there. Taking my job. Dude, I was a union ten-locker. No, you weren't. A couple of guys were non-union. Oh, please. I know I paid somebody. You paid somebody. You paid somebody for your card. And you think Hillary's just going to do everything the unions want? She's a crock of crap. That's all right. Let me tell you something. She's going to do a lot better than Julie Honey would have. Oh, God. You guys are so naive, man. Please. She hasn't even had the chance to screw you guys over yet. That's the difference. Yeah, she'll be sick. We'll check in with you at the end of the year. You guys will be counting up the show. Oh, God. You guys are so right. I'll call you back in a year and you'll see what it is. How much work I've got there right now? I don't want you doing radio. Go oil your snips and shut up. Oh, brother, please. Bill Clinton checking in from the White House. You boys make sure you have plenty of cigars around when I come on your show. Yeah, we could have him do that. I mean, that'll be fun. Just having him around. Hey, Lou, what's up? How you doing, guys? I got a solution for the cello-eat-printing thing. Yeah. I'll say we get a... Hey, terrific. Okay, terrific. I don't know if you got that one through. I don't think he's wording it properly. No, you've got to word it properly. The fine line there. All right, Ant. So that's the big news, obviously, hitting. Rudy dropping out of the center race. Yeah. Blaming, well, you know, the cancer thing and his... His marital woes. His marriage and stuff, sure. Clinton's last act in office getting Air Force One to write a wow over the Washington Monument. Do it up. Come on, guys. Air Force One will all hop in. We'll do some loops. Yeah, if the president can pull that off, we'll let him on our show. All right, enough on the Hillary thing. I mean, it's split right down the middle on the screen. A lot of people are really happy today. A lot of people are sad. And a bunch of people could care less. They want us to bring on the lesbian. A flying F. Yeah, they don't care. That's okay. All right, Anthony, lots to do today, obviously. We got Stephanie McMahon calling in. Stephanie McMahon. She's calling in characters, so I guess we could call her a slut and stuff. Is she? Yes. Totally? Yes. We'll get her out of there. Also, Spaz's Week in Review. All right, boy. Been waiting for that. We took a couple weeks off from Spaz's Week in Review, so we'll get into that. Did anyone ever find out if he yelled at the lovely Erica when he went home that night? No, he didn't. No, I talked to him about it. Yeah? Because that's what really concerned me. I talked to him about it. Spaz, can I hear you? But what can you say? What does Spaz say when you ask him if he yells? I don't yell at her. I just raise my voice and talk sternly. That's yelling. That's yelling. But to him, he doesn't see it that way. Shut down. Erica, you shouldn't call when I'm trying to talk to the guys on the show, you bitch. Now let me grope you. Yeah. Just lay in my new Rockaway bedding bed as I grope you. Greg makes a good point from Pennsylvania. Milford. We coming in Milford? I guess so. Underground? Yeah. Want to say hi to everyone listening to us in Pakistan today. Pakistan. Hello, Haji. You've got to read the emails I read, Anthony. And New Zealand. Big fans of the show. Yeah. It's so funny, though, man. There's a whole Opium Anthony, I'm not going to lie to you, there's a whole Opium Anthony Underground syndication thing happening. We truly have nothing to do with it, so I hope the lawyers in the company doesn't come down on us hard again. But it's so funny because one site will be up, it'll get shut down, and then another site pops up. It's like that game you play at the fair. Yeah, yeah. You know? Whack-a-mole. Yeah, whack-a-mole. That's what's going on with the syndication. One pops up, pops back down, pops back up over here. So hi to New Zealand today. Big fans, Anthony. New Zealand. I swear to you, it's hilarious. It's funny. More people than you think, too. That's our biggest country, right, New Zealand? Steve's in the studio from FoundryMusic.com. I've been getting emails from New Zealand, a couple people in Germany, a couple people in the UK. And Croatia, right? Yes. Oh yeah, well, if you look at the geographic tracking, you see there's hits coming from Bosnia, Czechoslovakia, India. It's ridiculous. Japan, China, Bosnia. Oh my God. Well, dodging sniper fire. Exactly what they are. They tune into the ONA show. We have one listener in Bosnia. Yeah. Rock. Anyway, Greg from Pennsylvania writes, Bill can't wait. Now both of his hoes are in New York, the Pig Monica and Hillary. That's interesting, too. What about Wendy? There's a chance Monica and Bill will cross paths. What about Wendy Flowers? Wendy Flowers? Is she living in New York these days? Remember her? His conquest from a while back? Did that spread in Playboy? What a pig. All right. Real fast before we go to break, you've got to get Spaz in here. We're doing this week in Review in a little while, but Ant's going to lap his balls off when he hears the latest. Spaz, get over there. What now, Spaz? Jesus. Spaz, you are so lucky to have this program. Spaz, you are just so lucky. How is your gig at Privilege? Spaz is now doing gigs, Anthony, for the Spaz. Yeah. He's doing public appearances at Privilege. Yes. How'd it go? It went very well. Yeah? Yeah. So you go there and you hang out for how many hours? Four. Four hours? Yes. And you announced the feature? Yes. Yes. Yes. You know what's funny about what the feature does? She pours hot wax all over her body. Yeah. And then she lets it dry, and then she hovers over her sternum and it drips off her body. All right. How about that? That's pretty wild. All right. Spaz, so you left the show at what time yesterday to go to Privilege? I left at about 8 o'clock. 8 o'clock. You had to be there by 9, Privilege? Yes. You had to stay there until what time? 1. And then at 1 o'clock, what did you do? I went home. A two and a half hour commute home, right? Yes. You got home at what time? About 3.30. And what time did you get up? Well, I got home at 3.30. I stayed up for another hour. So 4.30 that night. Groping Erica. I wasn't sure if I would have enough time in the morning, so I got my groping in when I got home. So you went to bed at 4.30? Yes. And you got up at what time? 6.30. To go where? To come to work here. To come back to work. You're such an idiot. Two hours, huh? I've been doing this for the past couple of days. Let's do this. So he commuted how many total hours back and forth? Is it five hours, four hours? About four hours. About four hours. Alright. So he went home two hours to sleep for two hours to get back on a train to go the two hours back to the city. And do you sleep on the train? No. I was actually going through the papers to get the prep sheet together. You are too much, Spaz. Why would you? Whatever. Spaz, were you on the running fast last night? Yes. Oh, really? And Psycho Mark was on the Radio Chick show. We're going to thin the herd soon. That's it? Yes. We're going to have to. There's a reason why. There's a legitimate reason. I'm being serious, though. Psycho Mark is on every single radio show on the station. If he wants to do that, then that's great. He's not a part of our show anymore. And now you're on Ron and Fez. What were you doing on Ron and Fez? It's because the promo for Privilege can only run during the Ron and Fez show, so I called Ron and Fez to promote the gig. You're promoting gigs on another radio show? Oh, God. God help us. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I had to promote it. It finally can run during that show. Yeah, it's getting a little diluted here. You know what I mean? Yeah, I mean, I tune in. Like, if everybody shows up on all the other shows, you know. I tune in the other radio shows here, and I have to listen to Psycho Mark on this show, and Spaz is on Ron and Fez. Oh, boy. All right, what are we going to do about this? Thin the herd. Thin the herd. Thin the herd. Need some new blood. All right, Anthony. It's FU Friday. Thank you, Spaz. We'll do your Week in Review in a little while here. It's FU Friday. Is he going to be doing that on anyone else's program, Week in Review? No? No? Okay. Just making sure. I don't know if you're going to turn up on the morning show or, you know, check doing the Week in Review. I don't know. You never know. Psycho Mark is Radio Hoary. He does everyone else's show. He's the worst. He's absolutely the worst. And Earl, you hear how much we have Earl on the show these days. If he isn't out giving out stickers, we don't even talk to him. Why? Because he shows up on everyone else's show. As well. He's already written off the show. We haven't talked about him. He's done. I think we went with the Chuck from Happy Days ending. He just disappears. Yeah. All right, Ant. The Facts Line to get your FUs in. That's the easiest way. 212-957-9639. And we're doing a wow sticker stop once again today, Anthony? Yeah. Earl and the Invisible Man. They don't even put a time down anymore because they just know he's going to be late. Did he leave yet for this one? No one knows? Well, Westchester, we're finally making it into your area. Yeah. Finally. We're going to be at the powerhouse Honda of Nyack. Nyack. Great town. Route 59 in Nyack. One mile from the Tappan Zee Bridge, across from McDonald's. Earl and the Invisible Man and a bunch of other people will be up there giving out the brand new wow stickers, Anthony. Okay? We don't even know what time though. Probably around 4.30, I'm assuming. He just left? He just left. So hopefully 4.30, quarter five. He'll be at the powerhouse Honda, powerhouse Honda of Nyack. Route 59 in Nyack. One mile from the Tappan Zee Bridge, across from McDonald's. He didn't leave yet. Why didn't he leave? Oh, boy. Why get pissed off? Why bother? It takes a good hour to get up there. On a Friday especially. He's such a retard. I swear to God. What? Did Martin come run in the studio? You mentioned his name. He didn't come running in like he usually does. Because he knows we're right. Alright, so, I don't know, Earl, we'll leave eventually and we'll get your wow stickers to you at powerhouse Honda of Nyack, okay? Alright. Alright, we'll be back. Stay there. I'm all for violence sometimes, Anthony. Hey, you guys are a bunch of pussies. God, I want to punch you in the face. Better leave him bruised. Anthony, Rockaway Bedding. Yes, I sleep in a Rockaway Bedding bed. So should you. Why? Well, Spad sleeps in a Rockaway Bed now. Yeah. Only two hours of time at this point, but he does sleep in one. It's going to be like new in years to come because he barely spends any time in it. Erica all alone in her Rockaway Bedding bed for all those hours just laying there as Spad's at strip clubs and deciding what porno movie he's going to film. And there's Erica sleeping on the lovely Rockaway Bedding queen size bed that they had delivered. In her lovely lingerie and the silk sheets. Silk sheets, come on, Spad. It's probably like a window curtain thrown over the mattress. Rockaway Bedding has over 140 stores throughout New York and New Jersey featuring brand name mattresses like Sealy Posturepedics, CertiPerfect Sleeper, and Simmons Budarest that prices up to 65% below department store prices. Rockaway Bedding, the only major area mattress store that offers you a free steel bed frame, free delivery, free complete removal of your old bedding. If you need your new bed delivered and your old one taken away, Rockaway Bedding, the only place to buy your new mattress. You can also get headboards, metal beds, boutons, day beds, electric beds, bunk beds, anything else you need to sleep at Rockaway Bedding. Just give them a call, 1-800-TRY-A-BED, 1-800-TRY-A-BED, or stop in at one of their many locations and try the beds out. Jay Moore, Anthony, and now Spaz and the lovely Erica. Boy, that bed's getting crowded. Sleep on a Rockaway Bedding mattress and so should you. Rockaway Bedding, give them a call, 1-800-TRY-A-BED, 1-800-TRY-A-BED, or stop in at one of their many locations and try the beds out. 1-800-TRY-A-BED, that's 1-800-TRY-A-BED. Don't go to CNN for dick jokes. Don't come here for the news. We are the I think so too. I think they got to do something. They got to shake it up, but it's going to be tough to go to the West Coast. I heard Gary can't watch because the Emmy Awards is on tonight. Oh yeah, Gary from upstairs. Gary's not watching that game tonight. No, he'll be watching the Emmys. Hey, just one question. Is Spaz a fictitious character? No, he's as real as it gets. That's a sin. It is sad. That's a sin. All right, Joey. All right, guys. Take it easy. Did you hear about Jeff Van Gundy's car and everything, Anthony? Yeah, what happened with that? Because we were getting preliminary reports yesterday. Well, it's a huge story now. It's all over the papers. Yesterday, everyone had their facts wrong. What happened with the jetty? They turned on the engine again to make a turn or whatever they do, right? Yeah. And the blast from the engine lifted up Jeff Van Gundy's 1995 Honda Civic. That's great. This is why I love Jeff Van Gundy. He drives a 1995 Honda Civic. His players are all driving like brand new Mercedes and stuff. His car goes flying and lands on top of what? Alan Houston's Mercedes? Brand new Mercedes. Really? Landed on top of his Mercedes? Yeah. It's very appropriate considering that Alan Houston let us down the other night. But it's just so funny on many levels. I mean, the coach is driving a damn Honda Civic, not even a brand new one. Houston's driving the brand new Mercedes. And the jet blast flipped it over? That's what they're saying. That's great. Yeah, up there in Westchester, the airport up there. But that's why I love Jeff Van Gundy. I love Jeff Van Gundy. What, do they park their cars right next to the runway? Well, have you ever been there? It's a really tiny airport. It's funny though. He's driving a Honda Civic. It looks like he hasn't slept in days. It looks like his hair's falling out. That's why I love this guy. He just doesn't give a crap about image or anything. He just wants to win. So what is it now against the Heat? What are they? Heats up what? 3.2. 3.2? Yeah. So it's a must-win, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, don't next go tonight. I don't really feel good about this, but we'll be rooting on the boys tonight. Hopefully Ewing will come to play tonight. Big game, Ewing. Are you talking to him right now? Yes. Big game. You're not going to play. You've got to show your worth tonight. Everything's on the line. Let's see what you got, okay? See what you got. Maybe Van Gundy can drive his car onto the court, threaten to roll it over on somebody. Yeah, take out Mourning. Too bad it didn't take out Mourning at the airport. That's a good strategy. I know NIAC isn't in Westchester, by the way. Everyone's calling like crazy. They're getting grounded. Well, it's very close to Westchester. Hello, Tappanzee Bridge is pretty much the cutoff. It's Rockland County. I understand that. Thank you. Abuse me. Blah, blah, blah. But we are doing that, wow, sticker stop up there at the powerhouse Honda of NIAC. Okay? Great. Tony from Milford, just one of the many emails coming in. NIAC is in Rockland County. People in Westchester will have to cross the Tappanzee Bridge, which is a f-ing nightmare on Fridays. I guarantee Earl will not be there until 630 tonight. That is true. But Earl doesn't think of these things. He just casually leaves. He doesn't care. Powerhouse Honda of NIAC, Route 59 of NIAC, one mile from the Tappanzee Bridge, across from McDonald's. Earl will be there eventually with the brand new wow stickers. Okay? Yeah. Okay. As far as Earl's concerned, this is still like New York's rock alternative, any W. Scotso's still here. He's just bringing him water or whatever he did. No extra effort. No. Don't have to get there on time. What did it matter in the old days? Well, he's part of the old regime. They didn't have to work hard. They decided to just kind of... No, just show up. Kind of lumber around the joint and hope no one paid attention to him. Punch the clock. You ever have one of those jobs where you just punch the clock and you're just looking at the clock? Come on, two more minutes. Come on, let me punch it. Yeah, today's paycheck day. I'll just take my paycheck. I'll go home. No one noticed I didn't do anything today. That's Earl. Well, it's a whole new regime and people got to work hard around here. We're trying to make something of this damn place. Eric, what's going on? Yo, what's up? How are you? I was at a dance club last night and the guy's playing his music and all of a sudden in the middle of music I hear, Vagina, Penises, and he's playing all the sound clips. He's playing butt sex and he's got gay Marco, hey hey. He's got everything and it was cracking me up. He's doing ONA sound clips as he's mixing his tunes? Yeah, all of them. What club? He's got about everything you got. He's got the stupid, you're so stupid. What club was it? Facades in Nanuette. I don't know any of those. That's funny though, I'm having a good time. Cool. All right, Eric. All right, thank you. In the case you want ever. Yeah, exactly. Here's Mark. He's backed up on the Tappan Z. Mark! Yeah, I just got off the Tappan Z bridge, man. This place is so backed up. Black girl, there's no way he's going to be here. I'm going to be handing out wow signs on the Ron and Fesh show. You're going to have to cut him loose too. What a douche bag, man. I've just about had it. I've had it with the laziness around here. No one cares. The guy should leave like four hours ahead of time so he can be there on time for the fans. What is so important for Earl to do here that he can't leave before we even get on the air? He should have left at two o'clock. Right. What was he doing that was so important? His answer would be stuffing envelopes with wow stickers. That's all he does. Can't we get like a monkey to do that or something? If we didn't invent this wow promotion, he would have nothing to do. We're the reason why he still has a job. I'm working on the public file. That's always a big thing. You're working on crap. Every day you ask him something before he was able to stuff these envelopes. He was working on the public file. What the hell is that? How many years do you have to work on it? So the Tappan Z is backed up, huh? It's backed up. Especially coming out of New Jersey. The city, of course. It's really backed up that way. He's dead. Thank you, Mark. No problem. Bye, guys. Bye. Let's go to Al. Al, you're next on WNEW. Hey, guys. I just crossed the bridge. I left White Plains in my quarter after two. White Plains is a minute from the bridge. Ha. I just crossed the bridge, man. How long did it take you? About an hour and a half. I mean, it's just tall traffic. It's Friday night, rush hour. All you city folk are coming up here to the country. It just ain't going to happen, man. You might as well tell them to cut you jersey and bust the palisade. This is no bit anymore. I'm so freaking pissed off, you know? Every day we give them a simple job. Just show up at this location on time and give out some wow stickers. I mean, tell them to go up to Palisade. Go make it there a little quicker. There's no commercial traffic and there's no bridge. But you have to go over to Washington Bridge to get there. Right. You think you can handle going to Jersey? Right. Thank you, Al. Hey, one more thing, guys. Yeah? The Spads' parents own up to them or what? Yeah. They're proud of their Spads. Thank you. All right. Have a good one, guys. Hey, Paul, what's going on? What's up, fellas? How you doing? Hey. Check it out. Listen, I'm stuck on the top of the Z. I'm bugging out right now. There's traffic. I think there's an accident up the street. But not for nothing. I'll tell you what. If he gets up there any time soon, God bless his soul. And don't be stupid. Niax and Rocklin. See you, precious. I already said that. I'm going to have to close enough. Oh, my God. Psycho Mark in the studio. Hi. He was in... Psycho Mark. He was an hour late last night. This is the fourth radio show that Psycho Mark's been on today. No, as a matter of fact, there's none. You were on Radio Chick's show today. Don't lie to me. I heard it. I was in freaking... In Pipp's office. Did you keep your tabs on me? No, the listeners do. Oh, like I don't walk in and out of the studio to do work? The listeners email like crazy saying you're like the biggest radio whore around here. You're on everybody's show. And you just lied to me. I heard you on the Radio Chick show when I was in Pipp's office today. Who was that? So what do you have to say? I was going to say he was an hour late last night with Butch. What, Black Girl? Yeah. Yeah, I heard Butch from the Radio Chick show. He had to sleep here because they're always so late. But the best part was when they were driving back, Earl slammed the brakes and Butch fell out of the chair and slammed his head in the van. Now Earl's on the line. Did someone beat me? Earl! Yo. Where are you? I'm headed towards the West Side Highway. Oh, look now. He's all pissed. Earl, what were you doing before you took the van out today? Stuffing envelopes. Stuffing envelopes. Don't you think? And I had some paperwork to take care of. What paperwork? To overcome things with Matt. What was the paperwork for? Well, from the last night's appearance. You have to do paperwork about... You talk to him, man. Was what you were doing so important that you couldn't have left maybe at 2 to get there on time? I didn't... Earl, what time... Fine. How many stickers can you put in an envelope? Fine. In an hour? Two. I don't know. I don't count. I don't keep count of that. Well, whatever. Don't you think you could probably hand out more live than you could mailing? Isn't it more constructive to maybe take an hour and leave earlier? I don't get it. What time are you supposed to be at Powerhouse Honda of NYAC? About 4.30. There's no real set time on it, but I believe 4.30. There's no set time. You know, 8, 9. Do you honestly think you're going to be there by 4.30? I don't know. We'll see. Well, there is a set time on these things. What happens to the bridge? It's on the goddamn spot. I plan on it, yeah. Do you realize it's Friday? It's backed up, yeah. Yeah. I realize that. Do you realize it could take you an hour just to get over the bridge? Oh! Help me! Help me! Help me! Give me a better look. Help me! Help me! Help me! These are things you've got to think about before you leave. Oh, Lordy, Lord! Do what he says! Do what he says! It's the beginning of the day. Things happen. I'm sorry. How come things happen every single time? Every day. It's not things happen today. It's things happen every day. Every time we go, well, Earl's on his way, and then someone comes in, no, he's still here. Every day. If it happened once, it wouldn't be like this. Every day. People are calling like crazy. They're all in the traffic. The traffic is backed up before the bridge. Dave has a suggestion for you. Dave, what's going on? Yeah, I just got a suggestion for Earl. Yeah? What he should do is leave early, take a couple of boxes with the envelopes. He's got the stickers in the van anyway. Get to the place, go to a coffee shop with a parking lot or whatever, stuff the envelopes there, and then go to the site to find them. Ah, there you go. That way and there. But here's a better idea. Instead of driving in rush hour. That's a better idea. How about instead of having one guy do four jobs, that we assign different people different tasks. Well, Earl, four jobs? Give us three. Dude, you do four retort jobs. That equals one job. Jesus. Name your four jobs. Name the four jobs. You really want to get into this? I've done every sticker stop except two. Two? I run Don and Mike. I'm running Don and Mike all next week. You didn't run Don and Mike last night? No, I didn't. And you don't run it every night? Yeah, we went up to the island to skydive. Alright, so you push a few buttons from seven to eleven. What else do you do? Five. No, you said you do four jobs. I want to hear them. Time for an Earl hang up, I believe. Earl? Earl, two more jobs to go. Yeah, we just cut out. Two more jobs to go. Two more jobs to go. You stuff? We want to know the other two jobs. I'm sorry, I can't hear you. Yeah, sure. Oh my God. You stuff envelopes and you push a few buttons. What else do you do? That's two jobs. Which equals a half a job. What are the other two jobs, Earl? Earl. We have a guy that does the garbage so you can't claim to do that one. Earl? No. What are the other jobs? Butt sticks. You know, I have three other shows on the air that ask for... Anyway, Earl's going to be at Powerhouse Honda of NIAC, Route 59 in NIAC, one mile from the Tappan Zee Bridge across from McDonald's, giving out the wow stickers when he decides to get there. Steve checking in. Earl's jobs, one, hang pictures, two, stuff envelopes, three, get lost on the way to sticker stops, and four, just in quotation marks, paperwork. He's always doing this mysterious paperwork. Someone ought to assess what he does. Of course. Okay. Let's go to Nick. Nick. Nick. Earl, it's a big accident. Yeah. Do me a favor, tell my man he's going to get there for a couple of years. Yeah. Do you say I want to say a big F-U? Yeah. Let me tell my big F-U to my dirty pig ex-girlfriend. I hope you die, you pig. Wow, what'd she do? Yeah, what'd she do? What'd she do to you, dude? She did the wrong thing, man. She went behind my back. She did the wrong thing. She was actually with a friend of mine. But, you know, too long don't make her right, so I'm going to just bang her best friend tonight, so that's all I care about. All right, man. When in doubt, get even. That's all I say. You're my dirty pig. Thank you, Nick. Bye. All right, Ben's going to suggest a new route for black Earl. Ben, what's up? What's up, man? What route is he taking? Is he on the West Side Highway going into Jersey or is he going to go straight to the Tappan Z? It's on the Tappan Z. Because he can totally pass through that, go right through New Jersey, either through the 9W, the Parkway, or Route 17 North. That would be a good idea, but Earl can't drive his way home. Earl doesn't know where he lives. How about the Invisal Men help him out with the map? Yeah, not a bad idea. Thank you, Ben. All right, guys. Syndication with Earl's on time to his sticker stop. That makes sense. Bye. All right, Anthony, enough of that. It's just frustrating. Day after day after day. It started out as a bit, but every day he's late. Yeah. And then you guys bitching and screaming at us. Yeah, I've been waiting in the rain for an hour for that guy to give me a sticker. Where was he? I don't know. I don't know what he does. I really don't know what he does. All right, listen, we're going to be doing a summer kickoff party, Anthony. Yeah. At 5 o'clock we're going to announce it. Why 5 o'clock? Well, that'll be the last. All right. Big news about our summer kickoff party at 5 o'clock, hopefully sooner. Next Thursday, to start Memorial Day weekend. You guys might remember the trade wins thing we did last year. What a blast that was. The trade wins pretty much in want us this year. So we're going to ruin our relationship with a brand new place. Yeah. The weird thing is we made the trade wins an S load of money. Yeah. So we found actually a bigger place, a much bigger place. Outdoors, we're going to broadcast live this coming Thursday. We're putting together a pretty awesome road show, to be honest with you. Yeah. Possibly Otto and George showing up, Stephen Lynch, maybe Jim Brewer, a lot of chicks, maybe a spaz dunking tank. Who wouldn't want to just show up for that one? We can't announce the place yet because they're signing the paperwork and stuff. With hydrochloric acid. Is that what we're waiting for? Okay. Well, I'll just pencil in on your calendar for next Thursday. We're going to broadcast live starting at 2 o'clock at this venue. Can we announce where it's going to be? Like, I mean, the area? I feel like I can't suppose you can. We're going to Long Island again, man. Yeah. Long Island. South shore, baby. That's all we can say right now, okay? Yeah. But just pencil it in to join us this coming Thursday at 2 o'clock, okay? Cool. And then we'll announce the place hopefully soon. If the people are listening, as soon as you fax back the contract sign and stuff, you know, we can start talking about it immediately. Yep. All right. We'll be back. Stay there. We're looking for a few good enemas. What the hell are you talking about? Shopee and Anthony Show. The Craft, Wiz and Vomit. 1027 WNEW. Anthony Earthlink. 1-800-Earthlink. 1-800-Earthlink. Yeah. Fast, reliable Internet services, which you're going to get. But you got a computer recently. You got that old system on there. You know, the one all the kids use in the cute little chat rooms. It knocks you off every two seconds and pisses you off. You get a nice fast 28-8 connection when you're trying to download pictures. That's fun. Oh, look. It's a little striptease show. There's her head. I'll come back after dinner and maybe her boobs will be on the screen. But Earthlink provides you with fast, reliable Internet connections, plenty of 56K modems, free customer support for 24 hours a day, seven days a week, all toll free, Earthlink's new 5.0 software, easier to use than ever, and the updatable startup page with the anti-spam filters for your mail, and free web page builder with six megs of web space. Put your own chicks on there. Yeah, personal connection. That's personal for you. Right for you. Earthlink. Call them right now. 1-800-EARTHLINK. Sign up. What are they going to give you? The first 30 days of service for free. That's right. 30 days free. They're an award-winning service. Call them right now. 1-800-EARTHLINK. 1-800-EARTHLINK. I feel stupid, oh so stupid. I feel stupid and dumb and dumb. Opie and Anthony, we've got a smile on our face and our head up our ass. 1027-WNEW. Oh man, it's a dog cat. You got that right, Cartman. It's FU Friday. Phone line 212-757-1027, the fax line 212-957-9639. Anthony, you have not given out an FU this week yet. Oh please. You know where my FU goes. Well, I gave one out to the mayor. There's got to be someone else you're hating besides the obvious. Well, the obvious, yeah. Come on. Nothing else to draw this week? No, you know something? Everything else just pales in comparison. To my court appearance the other day. You know how bad it is. Well, no, you don't. No, I don't. I hope you never would. Let me tell you something. I'm learning a lot from you, Anthony. Learning a hell of a lot from you. I will not get married unless there's a prenup involved. Very good, good rule. We're making a lot of money. That's definitely not the case here. Good rule of thumb. But this is just horror stories all over the news. Did you read about, who was it, Jim Palmer? It was in the paper today, Jim Palmer getting a divorce. Yeah. And there was a chance in the settlement that he was going to lose some of his World Series rings in a divorce settlement. You know, that's ridiculous. Give me the paper. Where did I read that, the Post or the Daily News? Give me the Post if you got the Daily News. Because I want to make sure I got my facts straight here. Well, while you're getting that, Donna Hanover, Giuliani's wife? Yeah. She just hired one of those, you know, powerhouse divorce lawyers. Mm-hmm. So you know that's going to be an ugly one. Of course. Let me see. Go ahead. Keep talking, keep talking. You might have it in the Daily News. Maybe it's in here. Are you kidding though with the World Series rings? Yes. Now why would she be entitled to that? Unbelievable. Did she teach him how to throw a curve ball? Yeah. Was she ever out on the mound? She just supplied the mound for when he wasn't on the mound. I think that was the problem. He was involved with other mounds. You know something? Give me that paper because I really want to get my facts straight. I know it's in the Daily News. There has to be a drastic revamping of some of the laws in this country when it comes to divorce. And I would say this even if I wasn't engrossed in it. Believe me because it's just ridiculous. There is no reason that that woman should be entitled to his World Series rings. I mean, you know, fair is fair. I understand that. But like you just said... It's never a fair... It's getting out of hand. The ladies obviously make out in these divorce proceedings. You know what it started as? Back in the olden days, Opie... I'm listening. ...when women didn't work, they just took care of the house and stuff, and the guy would work and bring home money. And then if he left, the woman would be a destitute. So they made these laws that the guy would have to pay money. And I'm not even talking about child support. I'm just talking about the woman. They made these laws where he'd have to pay the cash because she'd be out in the streets. She didn't work. She didn't have any skill. People didn't hire women back then. It's just the way it was. Well, the times have changed. The women's libs came out. Women have all these rights now to work, to do whatever they want. They've screamed about this for years. And fine, now you got it. But you know what didn't change? The goddamn laws. Because now, it's gotten even worse. Now in a divorce, the woman's entitled to things that are just absolutely ridiculous. Re-effindiculous. Like you're sprinkling some scumbag lawyers, some of this, some of that. And before you know it, the guy gets effed. Gets effed. It just makes guys get the prenup before they get married at this point. But most people don't think about it because they go into a marriage and are like, Oh, come on. We're not going to have problems. But as soon as the s hits the fan and the ladies get that lawyer, it's all over. Bloodsucking lawyers. You know, we got a million other members of the Opie and Anthony show. Could someone find the Jim Palmer story for me? It's driving me nuts. I don't remember. I read like four papers today. I don't remember if it was in the USA Today sports section. But you guys are members of the show. Help me out. Because it's driving me crazy. I'm almost positive that's what I read. You know, he finally learned today that he wouldn't have to give up his wedding rings. World Series rings. But she was trying for him, huh? Yeah, she was trying for him. It has nothing to do anymore with fair. Sure it hasn't. I don't think it ever did. They just try to, you know, rake you. Each side. And I'll tell you something. If it's the opposite way and it's a woman who had her career and trying to do something with her life and the guy was trying to get money, I feel the same way. Because it's ridiculous. I don't know how some of these women sleep at night knowing they just like pulled one over on their ex. Oh, it's ridiculous. All right. Can't find it, huh? No, it's pissing me off. We'll bump into it later. Somebody will find it for me. Let's go to the polls. Can you pull those over? Rosemary, what's up? What's up? What's up? I'm getting infuriated as I'm listening to this. Why is that? Because my husband walked out on me and my three kids. All right. Okay, I have young children and I'm not working. That's different. And you're talking about how unfair the laws are and what the woman is entitled to. Well, what is the woman supposed to do before you get to court? By the time you get to court and someone actually says you have to pay X, Y and Z per child plus support the lifestyle she's accustomed to. That's a cost. He's been screwing her. So by then, he's been trying to do his thing. You know why? Because all of a sudden the lifestyle she becomes accustomed to goes up about 250,000 times. Full F. Full F. Full F. You know why? And you know something? I can't relate to this because I don't have kids. Okay. For a kid thing. Yet then the guy's got to kick in some bucks for the kids regardless. I've got three kids and I'm home with my kids every single night, which is where I want to be by the way. Not that I'm looking to run around. Well, that's a totally different situation. He walked out and he's whining and dining wherever he wants to be. Whining and dining. By the time I finally get this man in court, not only do I want the rings that he has acquired while we were married, I'll take anything else I can get. See? Maybe she's in the same position. All revenge. This has nothing to do with fair or even or anything like that. You just want to screw him now. No, he's screwing us. Ah, see? Maybe he just, why did he leave? She goes, an S, you know why. You know what? Let me tell you why. You guys talk about the strip clubs? Yes. That's where he was that week ago and never came home the whole weekend. A grown man with children and he's out doing his own thing. Well, he's a man. You've got to answer the S word. We already had to dump out of you twice. It is so not fair. You know what fair would be for him to adequately support his children and if you're not working to, I guess, give you money you need until you can get on your feet and work, what, all of a sudden you're not supposed to support yourself? Who said that? I'm saying what? Why is it that the choice is his that overnight, literally overnight, I have to go out and get a job right now? Literally because he has decided. It's called life. It's called life. Sometimes things don't go your way. What do you think? What do you think? You won Lotto? Because he got married and all of a sudden now you're not supposed to work? Am I talking to her now? No, I didn't say that. I am entitled, I am entitled, okay, for my life to continue and for my children not to be screwed up. Not to be screwed up emotionally when their father left. That's probably. Now mommy should leave and go get a job and how do kids rationalize this in their minds? He should support his children. Yeah, we understand that you're entitled to something but it gets to the point where all you're thinking about is revenge and taking them for everything. I don't want to take them for everything. That's ridiculous. No, no, no, no, no, not taking them for everything but for life to be as it is. As it is. You know something? No, it's not. Now he's gone and you have to deal with certain hardships and he has to support his kids. That's the reality. What makes you entitled to things that you probably shouldn't have anymore? I shouldn't have them because he decided I shouldn't have them? Yeah. Look, excuse me, if you are accustomed to Louis Vuitton, why overnight should you not have them? What a bitch. You know why? Because it happened. Why? There were no guarantees. When you got married, did you sign something that said you're entitled to this? Are you going through a divorce? Absolutely. You're not giving up Louis Vuitton either. I don't have kids. I don't have kids though. You know, a totally different situation. If you kept your wife in a main coat, Louis Vuitton, and a certain lifestyle, why should I one day be wearing French perfume and then overnight I'm going to be buying CVS cologne? Because it's not going to happen. Because it's life. That's called life. What are you going to do if your husband died and you weren't getting divorced? I got life insurance, dude. This is why I'm nervous. Guys, if you're going to get married, listen to this. Sandy, I hope you're listening. This is the reason why we're not getting married anytime soon. You're a meal ticket. If you're a guy getting married right now, you're a meal ticket. You're a giant Lotto scratch-off ticket waiting to be cashed in. You got that right. It's not about the Lotto, but about them being scratch-offs. Oh, please. Not scratch-offs. There would be other blank-offs. You should have spread them more often. Maybe he would have stuck around. No, honey. He got it as much as he... As part of the settlement negotiated in Baltimore County Circuit Court, the former Baltimore Orioles star, Jim Palmer, will be able to keep his three World Championship rings and his three Cy Young Awards. Should that even be an issue? There was a doubt there that he might lose this stuff, Anthony, in his divorce settlement. Unbelievable. Joan Palmer will be allowed to keep possessions that include the couple's condominium in Juneau Beach, Florida. Their home in Baltimore County will be sold. Both Palmers have filed suit against each other. Is she going to have to be inducted into the Hall of Fame? Is that part of the... Oh, wow. I wouldn't be surprised if it was brought up in the case. It's unbelievable. I had something to do with his career. I want my name added to the plaque in Cooperstown. Christ. You know something? When kids are involved, it's a different story because then it adds a whole thing of if she can work or can't work due to the kids and the husband, of course, he has to support his children that he had. I'm talking when you have just a marriage without kids. You know, why all of a sudden did the rules work out that the woman doesn't have to work, doesn't have to do anything anymore? I don't know where that came from. Where did it come from? Elon from Westfield, New Jersey. Chris Rock said it best. While at a steakhouse, I get accustomed to having steak. That doesn't mean they owe me a steak when I leave. Also... That's funny. And this is good too. Also, the guy grows accustomed to certain things too in a marriage. Ladies, like having your... you know, taking care of three times a week and all of a sudden that dries up. What happens to the stuff we're accustomed to? Because I guarantee you go through... you're a guy going through a divorce. Oh, the women will come up with stuff that is amazing that they need money for. This stuff that when you were living in the same house, you never heard the... oh my God, never, never. And then all of a sudden there's X amount of money that this person needs to get along. Like would be on the street if it was a buck less. And you want to laugh but you're screaming inside. All of a sudden this amount comes out of nowhere. It's like what? You freak out. And they just look at you like what? But that's what it is. Yeah, I... oh please. I mean, I really can't talk about his situation but man... And I've been friends for a long time. I feel for him big time. He's getting... it's just ridiculous. It has just changed my opinion on marriage. Did that last fellow's name, Allison? No, I was just checking. It's just ridiculous. How did it get really silly? How you get screwed over. Joe Soprano from Found Your Music.com. When Jim Palmer returns to his house to get the rest of his belongings, if any, is he going to enter through the window? The fact is not. Steve from the city. Jim Palmer is going to have to go to the money store to buy back his rings. There was a chance that Ziggy could be wearing Jim Palmer's freaking World Series rings. World Series rings. Look at what I got in the ring over here. And wearing my WAF Boston shirts. That don't happen anymore. Gator from Jersey. Maybe her husband would have stayed out of the go-go bars all weekend if she used her mouth for something else than yapping. It's just crazy though. It has nothing to do with... You know, this is funny and it'll probably piss off some people because of the language, but we don't really censor our show. Bubba from Uranus. And then he writes that old gag. I love that. Can you believe that homos are fighting to be able to marry? Stupid homos. Yeah, you homos got it knocked. You just live together when you leave and that's it. That's it. You cry, go back to the cruiser bars, and before you know it, you're elbow deep again. Why would you want to get involved with this crap? He's taking all of my trisand records. You want a part of this misery? Oh my God. You're thinking about it guys. You're just insane. I know. Alright, listen. I thought it was the move to make, Opie. Listen, there's some amazing phone calls on hold. Someone make sure that none of these people go anywhere. Just a few of them. My divorce story. My brother lost everything but a dog. Wife makes more, still has to pay alimony. Short nasty divorce story. Women still win despite prenup. I need to talk to Jack. Yeah, that's true. Sometimes the prenup just doesn't matter what you write down. The lawyer can turn that prenup around in two seconds. Alright, listen. If you're on hold, please stay there because we definitely want to get to you. We've got to just take a quick break, okay? Alright, also, wow sticker stop today. Powerhouse Honda of NIAC is having us as Earl gives out the wow stickers a little later on today. We're divorcing ourselves from Earl. Route 59 of NIAC, one mile from the Tappan Zee Bridge, across from McDonald's. Earl should be there within the hour handing out those wow stickers. So please go to Powerhouse Honda of NIAC and support the whole wow movement, okay? Aw man, half the people are hanging up. Make sure they don't hang up. We'll talk to them next. Stay there. Hopi and Anthony. Why you got to bug stupid? You're like a black eye for all mankind. I don't think they're very nice people. The only way I could actually think they were funny was to be on heroin. Hopi and Anthony. You know, I just like want to throw up. Feel the love. 1027 WNEW. It's FU Friday. We have an FU subject in progress. The big D. Yeah. The Lord. Yeah. 212-757-1027 if you want in on this discussion today. Taking it up to Keester with the big fist. Man, we got to add music back to our show. I miss playing stuff that just rocks. Rammstein. Rammstein. A lot of people have been on hold for a very long time. Javier and poor Chester. Will there be a day Ant can talk about what actually has, is, happening, happened? Yeah. You know, I think I have a lot of ideas. I think I have a lot of ideas. I think I have a lot of ideas. I think I have a lot of ideas. I think I have a lot of ideas. I think I have a lot of ideas. Yeah. You know, I think I allude to it now. I got to do a little fancy footwork with the way I say certain things. But yeah, they'll come a time, man. I will just go off on the air. You'll hear it all, people. Believe me. I wish. There are some days I got to be held back because I just want to vent. Some days you look like Anthony Hopkins from Silence of the Lambs. We got to just restrain you. Yeah. I got to wear like a gag thing. It's like Pulp Fiction, those things that they were wearing in their mouths. The ball gag. The ball gag. I got to strap the ball gag on me because I just want to like vent. We put Ant back into the trunk when he's about to go off. It's amazing. Ant, go back in the trunk and cool off for a little while and we'll let you back out. It just seems certain people in divorce cases, and in a lot of cases it seems to be the women, look for an inordinate amount of compensation for being married to somebody. You know what I mean? All of a sudden you've got to sit in court and listen to things that are like, what? You kid, what? What? What? Jesus Christ. Drink. That was an impression. Amy from Manhattan. Yeah, that's right. These people give chicks a bad name. If you're just roommates and someone moves out, do they owe you rent then? No, you get a smaller place. That's life. Yeah. Let's go to Nancy. Nancy, how are you doing guys? How are you Nancy? Good. Listen, my brother's a marine, right? Yeah. He decides to marry without even telling the family. Doesn't invite us or anything. Well, he ends up living with an alcoholic father. His father-in-law was alcoholic. He moved in with them. And he had to deal with all this. He wouldn't let him call the family, call my mama, anything like that. He should have known everything was wrong by then, right? And she kept the house, the two cars, and he got to keep Betsy, the dog. He got the dog in the settlement pretty much. That was it. That was it. That was it. I love Betsy. And what was this lovely lady doing before she married your brother? Honestly, I don't know. I can't even remember her name. Wow. I don't even remember her name. I only got to see her once in my life. You know, and it was terrible. But he's happier now that he has a wife. They're happy together. What is he, crazy? I know, he's great, no she's good now. No she is. She is a good person. The only thing is now she has cancer and they're going through changes because of that. I've been a host for a long time. Love your show and I listen to you guys all the time. Thank you Nancy. Okay, bye bye. Greg liked that call from Milford. Nice accent. How many hubcaps did she steal today? That's horrible. Chandler? Yeah, I want to address that lady that was talking about the lifestyle to which women are accustomed. Yeah, that's a great line of crap. Because I'll tell you, she's got an ass backwards. The problem is a lot of times when a husband and a wife get divorced, the wife gets money from the husband until she remarries. And then what ends up happening is she gets a boyfriend, lives with the boyfriend, has the boyfriend's income, has her income from hypothetically working at a nail salon. I need to ring that bell too, Anthony. Ring that bell, I'll be... Yeah. And then the husband still pays her she gets three acres. You know what I've heard happens? You know what, I heard this story that's pretty interesting. This guy... This is a story? Yeah. Okay. This guy in the middle of a divorce, he had to... you know, he left the house, right? But left everything. You know, furniture, everything else. Had to get a place and buy furniture for himself and everything. And then the wife's... Didn't have to buy a bed though, right? No. Then the wife's lawyers turned around and tried to get money for furnishings of the house. That this guy... Even though the guy didn't take any furnishing from the house. And the guy had such a hard time even getting his own furniture because get this, right before this woman filed against the guy, she drained the entire contents of their bank account. The entire contents. And she didn't work. She wasn't working. So any money that was in that account was because of what the guy was doing, working. He went to the bank one day and there wasn't a dime left. Oh, friend of yours? Yeah. And then the husband ends up living in a dumpy one room and the wife gets the house and shares it with the boyfriend. You know, there's someone... Because they're not married, the husband still has to owe her money. Right. You know, without giving out names... Yeah. And I swear, it's no one in this studio right now. There is someone that works for the station. That's exactly what happened to him. the beautiful house and he could barely make rent on a crappy little apartment. They could barely get a rockaway bedding bed in the apartment. Thanks for this guy. It's so small. Let's see. Where else? I mean, there's so many good calls here. Let's go to Bill. Hey, Bill, you're next on WNEW. Oh, my ex-Godzilla. I have to kill her. Ex-Godzilla. Let me tell you something. You ready for this? I'm paying her $36,000 a year. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. That's a lot. I mean, this is ridiculous. What kind of crap is this? Allison, if you're out there, I'm going to get you. People are just angry. I mean, this is nuts. Why is it? How come I got accustomed to living well? Yeah. How come she ain't putting me up? You know why? Because you're a guy. Right. For some reason, the guy that's got the I don't know what it's all about. Well let me tell you something. I'm ready to get my ring finger. This way I can never do it again. You know anyone who would want to help? Yeah, OJ probably. Oh my God. When do we get justice? It doesn't happen. I guess suck it up as they say. They should take the name Allison out of the English language. Well, just start calling Wendy. Wendy. Bill, thank you. How's your Wendy? My Wendy is bad. Thank you, Bill. We've got to move on. There's so many other people pissed off today. My condolences, Anthony. Thank you. Good subject for FU Friday. Yeah, without a doubt. Jim, you're next on NAW. Jim? Hi Jim. How you guys doing today? Good. Good. Hey, I got a horror story about my best friend. Two years ago he comes over my door at my house in Tears, right? Turns out he's married a couple of months. He takes his insurance policy, swings it over to the wife's name, right? She doesn't work, right? And what happens was she asked him when he comes home from work one night, could you go down to the basement? The light went out. He just happened to have a pocket light. Now this girl turned into a fish right after they got married. He points the light down at the stairs. She lined the basement stairs with garbage bags. Yeah? Basically trying to do the guy in. Oh my God. He comes to my house in tears with his bags and everything. I told him, I said, man, next day, I said, we're getting down to the bank. We're cleaning out the account. He goes, no, no, no. I said, look, you can't be the good guy here. I said, leave it $200 from the account. We went into the bank. The minute they opened the door, he cleaned the account out. He left the $200. He bumped into her and her lawyer on the way into the bank as we were walking out. I had to grab him by the collar and drag him out the back door and get him into the car and get him out of there. Jesus Christ. That's real life, guys. She was going for the savings account. Yeah. The next morning. The next morning. He just beat her to it. Barely, obviously. I dragged him down there. But I'll tell you, when you think about it, it's cheaper to get a contract on him. Call her. It's good. All right, Jim. Thank you. Take care, guys. Well, Maria's very pissed at us today. Maria, how are you? Fine. How are you? Good. Want to give everyone a chance today? We're not going to, you know, just wait it on one side here. We listen to both sides. Go ahead, Maria. Good. I'm really ticked off about it because women are getting a bad rep. Not all women are exactly like that. I don't want anything from any guy. I've been doing it by myself for the past 14 years. Are you married? No, I'm not married. How have you been? No, I had a child. Say so you don't know. I had a child with somebody, but you know, he's 14 years old and his father's never given him anything and I've never went to court and asked him for anything. So if I ever do get married, I do want to sign a prenup because whatever I have comes with me. Whatever he comes into the marriage with, he leaves with. I don't want anything from anybody. So not all women are after the money. I don't want anything from any man. Maybe it's something with the gold or the diamond that gets in the bloodstream or something that screws up the brain. I think the lawyers have a lot to do with that. You say that now, but you get a lawyer and he'll convince you into other things. Women are always screaming poverty. Like the lady that she's accustomed to, her mother delivered her. She must have came out in a silver platter because I have never been... You know, life's a bitch. Things change in life, you know. There are a lot of people that aren't living lives they're accustomed to because of what? Maybe an accident. Maybe cutbacks at the company they work for. Maybe the NASDAQ taking a dump. I mean, there are a bunch of people that aren't living the lifestyle they're accustomed to. Why, if you get married, all of a sudden the guy has to do whatever it is in his power and beyond to keep her in a living that she's accustomed to? And it's never the living she's accustomed to. It's always 300% more than what she was accustomed to. They would just like you to believe that that's it. I guess if, when and if I just get married and then we divorce, the only life I have, I know, is poverty. You know what I'm saying? I think not all women are like that. A lot of women do get the short end of the deal. All right, thank you, Maria. Thanks a lot, guys. Okay, bye. All right, well there's some great history coming in there. I guess. Rich from Jersey. Just want to thank Anthony for sharing his insights into all of this. Because of it, I decided to call off my wedding this fall. Good man. Very good. Bravo. Save yourself an ulcer. Bill from Jersey. I've been married 15 years and there are no problems with our marriage. But when she gets home from work tonight, I'm punching her right in the face. And I guess this guy's a broker. A broker from the city. I'm sitting in my office right now listening. I thought you guys might like this quick story. I got married in 96 and I was worth close to $2 million a year. A year and a half in and it was over, the marriage. One month before the papers were drawn up, I made a huge business deal worth $5 million to me. She wound up getting half of that deal, even though they were already separated. Right, right. She got half that deal, plus the $800,000 house and is still looking for more. For more. Never, ever, ever get married. They are all hookers. They just get paid in different ways. Oh my God. That's the broker from the city. Wow. Alright, let's go to Ed. Ed. Hey. How are you? I'm doing alright. Good. Alright, I'm a child divorced and just from sitting back and watching what happened with my parents, I can tell you that my mom got completely screwed over by my dad. Okay. I know now what my dad was receiving and what she got now, Monty, wasn't even like a tenth of the money he was making. Maybe she got maybe a tenth of his base salary. It was ridiculous. Then after they separated, he wouldn't even pay alimony. He would just not send the checks off. For months and months, she would just sit in there piling up debt trying to make a living for me and my brother. He just refused to pay. Well, like I said, when kids are involved, it's a totally different story. I don't know what you're talking about. I'm talking about child support. I'm talking about alimony. Well, let me tell you something. Let me tell you something. Alimony, when there's kids there, the woman can't just go out all of a sudden and get a job if there's kids there. Because then there's babysitters. There's all kinds of stuff, scheduling. I'm not talking about when kids are involved. Well, this is a different topic. I'm not talking about the money that he had to pay for child support, which I'm not even talking about. The money he had to pay for alimony wasn't even like a tenth of his salary. Alright, if that's where you want to go with this, then I'll say why is she entitled to that? Because they were married for 10 years. She got married right out of college. She promised for support for the rest of her life, for as long as they were married. Where was that written? What? Where is that written? What's the little quote? To love and support until death do you... There's no support. In any vows I've heard, there's never financial crap thrown in there. I'm sorry. She was... He moved out of the house. He sort of got kicked out because she was sleeping around. But he moved out of the house. Eventually, he moved into a bigger house. You figure the money he... You know, the bare minimum of accustomed to would allow her to at least stay in the house that my brother and I had grown up in. No, she had to move into a smaller house, which she still can't afford. It's ridiculous. I mean, the life that she's accustomed to should be at least like what she was living in when he moved out. And she didn't even get that. It was completely screwed over. Like I said, I can't even get into things when kids are involved. I have no clue. Alright Ed. Alright. Thank you. Alright, Sid to what? Yeah, right? Let's go to Tom real fast. Tom, what's up? Hey, how you doing? Great. I'm a child who was divorced as well. My parents divorced 22 years ago. I'm 27 now. And my father is hiding out in Long Island because my mother by law is still entitled to his retirement. He did a stint in the military and she still has rights to go after that money even though both me and my brother are fully grown up, fully self supporting. My mother actually makes more than he does. Isn't that great? And real quick, there's a lady who lives across the street from my aunt down in Florida whose ex-husband had to pay for her to go to school and get a career, so to speak. She got to keep the house and from what I understand she went out and bought herself some breast implants. While we were down there she was flirting with all the single guys that were visiting because it was like a whole gathering and she ended up hooking up with one of the guys I understand. It's unfathomable. I mean I live with my mother and I got to see the mother's end of it. But she did what she could to support us. But my God, to be able to go after his retirement now is absolutely ridiculous. Just the fact that he's able to go after it. The lawyers. The lawyers. Yeah, definitely. Anyway, good fan. Thank you, Tom. I'm going to take this. Yeah, all right. Let's go to Karlie who's very pissed off at Anthony. Karlie? Yes. Hey. All right, first of all, my first point is Anthony should know who he's marrying before he marries her. That's a crock of bull. Women do not become the one else. They sure do. Oh my God. I mean Anthony's not the only friend I have that's going through a separation or a divorce. A lot of these women change when they get these lawyers and stuff. No, women don't change. They are who they are. You just don't know it. That's not true. Oh, that is so true. And secondly, I am married. I've been married for... If that's true then there wouldn't be so many pissed off guys. Yeah, what are you supposed to be, a mind reader? No, we are who we are going into it. You just don't take the time. No, Karlie, then throw in certain circumstances over the years. Add some time to it. Throw in other circumstances and things change. You can't foresee how one person's going to act given any set of circumstances. If you have a good relationship and you communicate... Oh yeah, then you're not getting divorced, you dope. Then you're not getting divorced. You're supposed to be able to tell before you get married if you're going to be able to make it through the entire marriage. Absolutely. You're full of crap, Karlie. Oh my God. Oh my God, yourself. You're delusional. Totally delusional. Absolutely not. How long have you been married? Eight years. Alright. And I've been with the guy for 15. We met in high school. Well then bravo. We've grown up together, we've matured together. We handle diversity as it comes day by day. You can't just expect to have a happy marriage and have every day be great, but you can't just suddenly blame the girl or the girl blames the guy. I'm not blaming anyone for a divorce here. You're very bitter. I'm not blaming anyone for the divorce. You're very bitter. I'm stating how unfair the settlement proceedings are in divorce cases. But did it have to come to that? Yes. It was absolutely irreconcilable. As far as I'm concerned. Alright. Okay. And two, a second point. Oh my God. Okay, okay. Alright, no, go ahead. A second point is... Stephanie McMahon on the phone. I can't even talk to her because Carly's got another point. If you don't like the way the lawyers are handling it, get yourself another lawyer. Oh right. It's not mine. I got a problem with. Would you like me to hire her a different one? Okay, point taken. Alright. Love you guys. Thank you, Carly. The very happily married Carly. We've got Stephanie McMahon on hold. We have to go to her in a few minutes. Dan, what's up? Hey, how's it going guys? Great. I want to let you know a pretty messed up story. Back in 1987, I was working for this company and our top salesman, his name was Pat, was pulling about a hundred grand a year. Okay, had a wife, three kids. For some reason the relationship went awry. She decides that she wants a divorce. She cleans him out, gets to keep the big house, gets to keep the cars. She basically takes about 40% of the salary now. He loses his car so he's lucky the company gave him a company car to use. He finds out down the road that she's now going with his neighbor. To make it worse, the guy then goes, just about two weeks after the divorce, he's bumming out, his sales start going down. He goes to convenience store to buy some booze. He ends up buying three scraps off tickets. A chink behind him wants three scratch off tickets. He gives that guy his three tickets. He buys it and he takes another three instead. The guy behind him, 150 grand. The guy didn't give him anything as far as money goes. He didn't give him a 10% thing to give him to buy. He didn't split. He ends up losing his mind. He actually finished up for work for about a week and a half, two weeks. They found out he cracked up, went into a mental institution and stuff. I found out two weeks ago he actually committed suicide. He got out. It messed up. Okay, terrific. Alright, Dan. Hey, one more match and we're good to go. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no Come on. Earl is going to be at Powerhouse Honda of Niyak. You should have been there already. Yeah, but like every other day, he's late once again. Route 59 of Niyak one mile from the Tappan Zee Bridge, across from McDonald's, giving out the brand new WoW stickers. So please show up at Powerhouse Honda of Niyak and support WoW and get your stickers, OK. Yeah. All right, Stephanie McMahon Hemsley next. Stay there. Hello peeky. I'm a sex gun. Yeah, t-shirts, the truth. I'm a sex gun. Measure up to the point stars up. Yes! Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! It's like a little robotic O.T. He screws everybody! A homosexual. I love to see you. He's an excellent physical excellent. I thought you had a game? Yep, sure. It's the truth. Oh, yes. My pants are all sticky. Oh my God, I'm getting pitilated! O.T. and Anthony. This is stupid, somebody's gotta get laid. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! 1027 WNEW. AnthonyOnVIA.com. Yes, it's the easy to use website for small business owners. OnVIA puts all the information you need to help grow your business in one place. Check out OnVIA's Request for Quotes service. Now there's a fast, easy way to get your services that you need and help run your business. OnVIA.com's Request for Quotes service can help you by providing competitive quotes for health insurance, web design, 401K plans. I'm all charged up and the invisible man just distracted me. All free of charge and OnVIA's Request for Quotes service can help you find qualified new customers. What you do, if you have a small business, go to OnVIA.com. They've got everything you need. Everything from 401K plans to paper clips. And no more pawing through the yellow pages trying to find what you need around your location. It's easy. Small business owners, OnVIA.com. Check it out for your business, OnVIA.com. Work wisely. Hey New York, this is Vince McMahon of the WWF and you're listening to the greatest tag team in radio, Opie and Anthony on 1027 WNEW. Thank you Vince. Vince. Another McMahon on the phone, Opie. Yes, I know Anthony. The pay-per-view is Sunday. Judgment day is upon us. We've spoken with Vince. We've spoken with Shane many times. Huge fans. And now Stephanie McMahon on the phone. Stephanie. On the phone, Steph. But I've got to tell you, it's McMahon Helmsley. Oh, that's right. Why can't anybody get this right? I don't know. I'm not really, I don't know. I don't endorse the marriage. You don't endorse the marriage? No. Hey Stephanie, can I start by asking if we're talking to the Stephanie McMahon Helmsley? Helmsley. Thank you. The character or the real Stephanie McMahon? Well, I tend to be both. It depends on the question. Well, who are you right now? Right now I'm probably Stephanie McMahon Helmsley. You slut. You love those signs, don't you? I do love them. I tell you though, I think this fits you a little better than the poor waif in the boiler room there. I agree. It's much more fun. I agree. And you've gotten so much better at that acting. When you pop through you out there to the walls like that the first few times, we were like, because you know, we're used to Shane and everything. And Shane got very good very quickly. You've got to give it to him. I think so. And then I guess, how did you pop through this? What did you just approach and say, hey Steph, we're going to throw you out in the ring and a few wrestlers are going to make like they want to have sex with you? Well, actually I was working with my father at the time that the idea was pitched. Yeah. And we were sitting at a creative session, a writing session, and it was thrown by, you know, of me being abducted by the Undertaker. That was great. That was a great story. You were on the cross screaming. Yeah, I sure was. I was going to have a black wedding. Yeah. And then... That was the first of many. And you were, you know, kind of the sweet innocent girl next door that was being taken advantage of. Right. By her own father as it turns out. Yes. What's up with that? Well, I guess that gave you the opportunity to turn a hosebag, which you did when you married Triple H. You know, I have a long history with you guys. What? I heard that you guys said I have a flat ass. Well, I most certainly do not. Who said that? Who told you that, Stephanie? I don't know which one of you it was, but I was told that you made that comment on the air. I'm trying to think honestly because if we said that, we would tell you. But you said it. It was a while ago, but I didn't forget. We talked about your acting when you were the sweet innocent McMann. We talked about your clothes. Some of it, you know, you ought to go with something else. I think you ought to show some more skin. More skin? Yeah. You've got a lovely set of cans there, young lady. Show up Sunday in a thong and we'll check out your ass. And then we'll make our final decision on that. Also, I think you've been working out a little bit. I have. You know, Muffy is my personal trainer. Really? Muffy? That must be great, those training sessions. Yeah, I'm going to watch Stephanie train. But you've got a lovely set of breasts, if I may say. Oh, why, thank you. Yeah, and I don't think you show enough of them. You don't? No, more cleavage. But I've got a lot of legs. You do. I understand that, but you need maybe a little belly shirt thing where the bottoms of your breasts are hanging out. Yeah, but see, the problem is mine don't really stand up like the other girls. So I've got to be careful with what I wear. Why would that happen there? Well, you know, nothing. Mine just don't seem to do what there is to. Did you go bra-less for years? You know, that's what it is. See? Gravity just took its toll. Young lady. Well, I think you're the only one in the WWF that doesn't have the breast implants, is what you're saying. I don't know if that's true, but I do know that certain ones definitely do defy gravity. Anyone ever come up with a storyline that you just said, no? No. Not yet. Not yet? Not yet. Because they're getting pretty good. I mean, I'm waiting to see how the hell you're going to split up with Triple H. What makes you think we're going to split up? We're happily married. Well, are you going to try to get custody of his belt or something? You don't think you're not entitled to it all? Yeah, we're talking about the belt. I've already got custody of his belt. Yeah, and what's under it. He is a little pussywhipped when it comes to you. I've noticed that. You can kind of push him around. I don't know. He pushes back a little, but it certainly is a good relationship. Now, is China a little jealous seeing you all over Triple H night after night? Well, she hasn't made any comments to me, but... Well, look at what she's doing. I know, right? The mamacita. Mamacita. Oh, my God. I never thought she'd fall into that one. I think she's doing a great job. She is. She looks awesome, too. She's the proverbial brick-S-house. Right. I've got to tell you, I wouldn't want to mess with her. No, no, no. No. No. She shoots off that bazooka thing. She's a wild woman. Well, Stephanie, we've got a ton of questions from the listeners here. All right, go for it. Well, are you marrying Sam Rivers of Limp Bizkit? No. I'm married to Triple H. No, she's not going to step out of this. Now, we're talking to the real Stephanie McMahon. Even Shane pops his head out every so often. Are you dating Sam? You know I'm not. I don't know where all those rumors started. I guess it's all over the internet. I heard it was Fred Durst first. Everyone's banging Fred Durst. Right. And then I heard, and now I guess it's Sam Rivers. But I've actually never even met anybody in Limp Bizkit. No? Is Fred Durst going to leave any women's toss? He's fouling the entire female population. It's amazing. There's Karen Throm. So what are we going to see Sunday? What are we going to see Sunday with you? This Sunday on Paperview, you are going to see the most grueling match ever. Yeah. 60 minutes. And you're going to see exactly why Triple H is the game. Because the 60 minute match. The game. Is the game. It takes a lot more than just stamina. It takes brains. It takes strategy. Game over. Now he's the game. I have a theory. I think he's going to be the WWF champion. Again? Yes. I don't think so. I have faith in my man. When are you going to defend your title there, Stephanie? Whenever I feel like it. Yeah. Just like Shane, running away. Whenever anybody comes, you McMahons can run with the best of them. We sure can. They should clock us. Bob wants to know if you're ever going to show your fun bags like all the other girls in the WWF. Wow somebody? Yeah. Well I guess you're just going to have to wait and be surprised. I don't think your dad's going to allow that storyline ever. Who knows? I don't think he'll allow that. Stephanie, I want you to take your clothes off. That would hurt. Larry from Jersey wants to know how big Triple H's yam bag is. His handbag? Yam, yam, yam bag. This is Stephanie McMahons. You've never heard of him? No, we're talking to the character Stephanie McMahons. She can handle this. You've never heard of a man's yam bag? I've never heard it called a yam bag before. Yeah, well that's from Anne of the Nice Plan. Because I would think there would be two yam bags and a yam. The yam bag is just like the hanging goodies. Now you could use that. Well, I'm still with him, right? Yeah. So obviously he does plenty more than just satisfy me. Have you ever seen Rikishi naked? No. However, I have seen his ass up close. Yeah. I'm sorry. You got the stink face, didn't you? I almost got the stink face if it weren't for my husband saving me. Let me tell you something Stephanie. When Pat Patterson with that racing stripe a couple weeks ago, I was disgusted. Was that funny? It was hilarious. It was the first time I was horrified. Not the first, come on. The Mae Young? No, the Mae Young stuff. Mae Young with her top off was the first time I was truly horrified. Truly horrified? Yeah. I was giving birth to the hand. You guys are twisted, man. You must just sit there and laugh your asses off coming up with that crap. Vince? Yeah. It's my father. Your pop. The proud papa. I am proud. We have so much fun with him when it comes on the show. Yeah, he's a great guy. He is. He always takes care of us even when we got screwed at the grand opening of the WWF restaurants. I heard about that. That's old news. We don't want to talk about anymore. They took care of us, sent us to WrestleMania, had a great time. It was awesome. Big Jim from Somerset. The only thing real in the WWF is Stephanie's breasts. Wow. Look at that. Even though they sag. Look at you. No, thank you very much. It was so funny. I saw a sign in the audience that it said Stephanie's puppy sag. Oh, you must. That's not right. What's the worst one you've seen yet? The worst one? You've got to know it because you probably just saw it and went, oh my God, that is the worst one I've seen. Well, that was the one that hurt the most. Oh, that's terrible. The puppy sag. How do you deal with like 19,000 people yelling slut at one time? It's so much fun. Yeah? It is. Yeah, it's kind of fun because it's still just our character and stuff. When the signs are personal, that's like, oh my God. Right? No, but a lot of our fans are dead serious too. Yeah. I mean, you should hear it around ringside. You know when I'm watching a match and they're right behind me? Yeah. God, some of the things they say. Stephanie, I apologize for Anthony. That wasn't me. Thank you. Stephanie, can we play What's in Stephanie's Pants? Sure. You don't even know what you're agreeing to. You just agreed to play with the devil. Stephanie, if you play this with us, this would be the greatest moment in the Opie and Anthony Show history. Our PR guy is going, don't do it. Oh, so you've got a PR guy there. Do you know how the game is played? You can't hear you though. Do you know how the game is played? No, I don't. We have to guess what style of hair you have on your most intimate area because there's many different styles, triangle, mohawk, Hitler mustache and wood floor. Do you know how we get a hint as to what you have down there? No. It's very easy. If you pull this off, you'll have the biggest pin-pin in New York radio history. You take the phone and you gently rub it on that area and from the sound we can tell what style of hair you have. What do you say, Steph? Well, I've got my PR guy here. I can't do that in front of him. Tell him to go get some coffee. Tell him to just turn around or something. Real quick, you just go like and we'll tell you what you have. We're good at it. All right. Oh, yeah. Okay. Thank you, Stephanie. We're going to play Guess What's in Stephanie's Pants. All right, Steph, we all know what you look like and everything because we've seen it on TV so we don't have to go through that preliminary interview part. So if you would just please. Oh, I just want to say that Stephanie is beautiful. Of course. If you would just please rub the phone on your most intimate area. Okay, hang on. Okay. This is great. Steph. Okay. That's great. Oh, my God. All right. You rule. I'm doing that. We're going to talk about the pay-per-view for the next three hours. No, you've got to guess. Oh, we get it all the time. Wait, can we hear it one more time? Okay, hang on. One more time. I'm going. I know this already. Okay. Okay. Steph. Yes. I am going to say, now don't answer until we all guess. Okay. My guess, Opie, is natural but well-groomed triangle. Oh, very nice. Okay. Opie. I'm going to say as bald as Rikishi's butt. Anyway, Steve, underground website, Steve. I think she rubbed the phone on the couch. No, I think it's two fingers wide mohawk. Two finger mohawk. Okay. No, I think it's two fingers wide mohawk. Two finger mohawk. That was Steve. And Rik is going with Steve. Two finger wide mohawk. Okay, Stephanie, what is in your pants? It actually was my arm. The underground web guy would have been right. It was a cashmere sweater. Damn it. But you know, you guys, you're pretty imaginative. We were trusting you. I know you were, but come on. You've got to know I'm going to have, you know. But you're Stephanie McMahon. I know that. Helmsley. Exactly. You're a slut. You could have, you know, a phone. I know I'm a slut, but I'm only a slut with my husband. A phone down there. You could ask him. Yeah. Yeah, right. I don't know if he'd tell you, but he knows. All right, someone wants to know when The Undertaker is coming back. You're going to have to stay tuned, but some people think that it is sooner rather than later. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, Sunday. Sunday. Maybe. It's Sunday on pay-per-view. Oh, oh, oh. Judgment Day. And what about Stone Cold? What the hell's going on with him? He's still rehabbing. Yeah, that was obvious from his appearance. We were a little concerned. Yeah. You know, everybody really was, but actually Steve had more mobility than even he thought. Yeah. He knew that he wouldn't be able to actually, you know, work in the ring when he came back. Yeah. But he did have more mobility than he thought. And from what I've heard, he's been working on his own. He's been working on his own. He's been working on his own. He's been working on his own. He's been working on his own. He's been working on his own. He's quite driven to come back right now. So hopefully he'll be back real soon. But there's no set date yet. Kind of a long rehab. And a lot of people want to know what's going on with Kurt Angle. Seems like there's something going on there. Or the start of something. What do you mean? Well, you know, Kurt Angle's teaming with... A little flirting going on and stuff. Kurt Angle's teaming with the tag team champs, Ed and Christian, versus Tukul and Rikishi this Sunday. But is that what you mean? Something brewing between the two of you. It's like when you guys pass each other in the hallway, he's a little smitten over you. Well, you know, he's cute, but nothing's going to break up me in Triple H. Yeah, sure. I can't wait. I can't wait for you guys to break up. That's going to be the best story line ever. God, if that goes bad. When you turn around and everyone thinks Triple H is there ready to win something and you just turn around and smack them over the head, I know what's going to happen. I don't know. I'm happily married. Are you fighting on my marriage? Yeah. That's not right. Pretty much. That ain't right. Shane should stick up for you and take him out. I'm so disappointed on what's in her pants. Oh, you guys, I'm sorry. Really? I got you. That's all. I'm really hoping. If you were by yourself, you could do it. If I were by myself, exactly. But I've got the PR guy here. You know, I'm next to my father's office. What do you want me to do? I can't sit in here and rub the phone over my face. I'm going to have to do the PR. I can't sit in here and rub the phone over myself. Stephanie, it's your father Vince, Stephanie. Play What's in My Pants. Or at least have sex on his desk. Who says I haven't done that? What's this on my blotter? There's no blotter. All right. All right, Steph. You guys, thank you so much. No problem. We love you guys. Thank you, Stephanie. I'm also told to say, hey, I'm over here now. You certainly are. I wish I could have heard the interview with Dice. What happened? It was great. Well, Dice is kind of a friend of the show and he called out of nowhere to say that we inspired him to go on with his career. Wow. So unfortunately we'll be responsible for that. All right, Steph. Well, thank you guys very much for having me on. No problem. Good luck Sunday. All right. Please come on anytime you want. Yeah, come on live when you're in New York. Hey, I'd love to. I live in New York. I love New York. You do. I do and I see the wow everywhere. Yes, that's what I'd like to hear. It's true. I see it everywhere. You've got to get in the studio so we can assess your ass right here. Live. And for the record. Maybe I can show you what was in my pants. Yeah, there we go. See? All right. Stop teasing on us. Can I be myself? Yeah, but you're a CT. Oh, no I'm not. I hope you said that to the character Stephanie McMahon, Anthony. No, I'm talking to her on the phone right now. All right, well please stop by the studio some day. We'd love to check you out. Absolutely. Tell your pop and brother we said hi. I will. All right. All right, you guys. Take care. Thank you, Stephanie. All right. Bye. There she goes, the lovely and talented Stephanie McMahon. Stephanie McMahon. You know, I've got to be honest. I knew she rubbed it on her jeans or something, but I just wanted to think that she was going to be really good. The first rub I thought it was actually the bush, but then the second time she did it I heard that synthetic rrst, rrst, rrst sound. Yeah, that big sound of like corduroy or fabric or something. Yeah. What has she got in her pants? Polyester. It sounded like rrst, rrst, rrst. I don't know what that was, but Stephanie McMahon. Well, the WWF is listening. If you get her to really play, we'll talk about the pay-per-view for the rest of the show. Pay-per-view is happening this Sunday. It looks like it's going to be another good one, Anthony. It's Judgment Day. You've got the Iron Man 60-minute match with Triple H and The Rock. Shane versus The Big Show. You've got a submission match. Submission match. You're going to see Shane running around the ring and The Big Show, get over here. Get over here. What's the matter with you? Oh, look. Shane's running up the ramp to get away. Oh, look. The Big Show grabs him and throws him back in the ring. Yeah. And you know what? Why don't we clear the phone lines and give away some wrestling tickets for another event, and we'll get back into that divorce stuff, because that was good. And we also have Spaz's Week in Review. Just like real life, it never ends. Also, we're going to tell you where the summer kickoff party is going to be happening this coming Thursday. Yeah. And also, if you're on the highways and byways, Earl. He's not there yet, right? Are you kidding? If somebody is near the van, call us and let us know where he is. All right. Wait. If someone is at Powerhouse Honda of NIAC, give us a call and let us know what's going on. Earl was supposed to be there a half hour ago, giving out the wow stickers. You guys up there in Rockland County have been begging us to come up there with the wow stickers. We finally decided to do that today. And Earl, the lazy F, decided to leave the station at 340 to be up there at 430, which is impossible on a Friday. So please call us if you're at Powerhouse Honda of NIAC. Route 59 in NIAC, one mile from the Tabinsey Bridge across from McDonald's. We will be there with the brand new wow stickers. What, Rick? But also, maybe if somebody on the road is sitting behind the van, can tell us where he is, so when he tries to call in and tell us that he's just pulling in, we'll know if he's lying. All right. And somebody on Instant Feedback, Joe from Jersey, wants to know if Rick knew she was rubbing it on our arm to pull one over on us and not on her bushing. I knew, but I didn't want to know. I was thinking about that. Not the first time. Did you know right from the start? Dude, if we got that sound, without a doubt, I did. Really? I didn't know until the second rub. I can't lie. I thought it was her jeans, but she said it was her sweater or whatever. All right, let's give out some of our SmackDown tickets. WWF SmackDown winner receives a pair of tickets to see SmackDown Tuesday, August 8th at the Continental Arena before you can buy them. Can we give out two pairs? All right, let's give out two pairs to the 10th and 11th callers. Tickets go on sale Saturday at 10 a.m. through Ticketmaster. 10th and 11th callers, 212-757-1027. Kope and Anthony. 1-877-WNEW. I'm trying to remember if we did say that Stephanie McMahon had a flat ass. I don't remember saying that. We said her acting was bad when she was playing the sweet and innocent McMahon. And that we loved her as a slut. She was the whore bag, but... I don't remember the flat ass comment, though. One ass. Anthony Stacker, too, the world's strongest fat burner. Yeah, works. Come on, what do you want us to say? Take a snack or two, 45 minutes after taking it, you'll feel its effects. It's the world's strongest fat burner. It cuts down on those cravings to snack during the day, no more midday cravings. And it gives you boost energy. Get you through the day. That's what you need. All adds up to losing weight and building lean muscle to get in shape for the beautiful weather that's outside right now as we speak. Yeah. The end of the frigging earth in the past 24 hours. It's been amazing. The lightning storms have been awesome to check out. Yeah. Banana hammock season almost here, people. We got a big summer kickoff party happening this Thursday. And what are you going to do? Well, it's too late now. They're not going to get thin for that. But you know something? Go down with the body that you have packed on during the winter. When people laugh at you, you're going to get inspired. Inspired! You inspired me! And take the Stacker 2. Lose the weight. Come on, summer's here. What are you going to do? All right, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Give them a call, 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Our listeners have proven it works. Thank you. This the best radio you guys could come up with? 1027-W-N-E-W. Anthony? Yeah. Earl has made it to powerhouse Honda of NIAC. At this point, who cares? Route 59 in NIAC, one mile from the Tappan Zee Bridge across from McDonald's. Earl is there as we speak, giving out the brand new wow stickers that every single person in the Tri-State area wants. Want to say hi to Earl? Great. Earl? Earl? Earl? Earl? All right, another exciting interview with our own Earl. Earl? Earl? Earl? You hear anything in the background? Let's listen. Earl? No, not a thing. Okay, thanks for that report, Earl. That was great. The client will be very happy. The client will be very happy. You did a great job for them. Yeah. Oh, he is? Uh, Earl? Oh, oh, help me, help me, help me. Somebody help me, help me, help me. Okay, Earl? Oh, Lordy, Lordy, he's desperate. Do what he says, do what he says. We're getting a phone call from somebody that's there. Yeah. Says Earl helped him out. You got your sticker? I got it from a negro. I got it from a negro. Earl? Yes? Hi, Earl. Hello. I know, you're pissed at us, we're pissed at you. What do you want to do about it? I'm just frustrated, that's all. Well, Earl, if you wake up, you can solve this problem. You don't think I've been trying to solve this problem? You get tugged in three million different directions. In total three different million sets of directions, it gets frustrating, I'm sorry. Earl, I'm not going to listen to any of your excuses today. Sorry, that's just the way it is though. This is like the tenth sticker stop in a row that you've been late. What do you want? You want sympathy? Give me a helicopter then. What? Give me a helicopter. I can't help it. These things I cannot control. I cannot control traffic. I can leave as early as I want, but if I'm stuck on a damn clock for two and a half hours, I cannot bear it. Earl? Hey, Earl. But the problem is you don't even try to leave early. I don't try to leave early. Earl, what time did you leave to go to Powerhouse Haunted Night? I was ready at 3 freaking o'clock. Things happened. 3.40 you left. You were supposed to be there at 4.30. You got there at 5.10. That's just the part of the deal. Things happened. When you have the only guy doing this, things happened. Doing what? Doing what? What do you do? Leave earlier. He sounds like he's a CEO of a company or something. Help me. There's a lot of people here. I'm still trying to find a way. I'm going to hand them out and after this, find another guy. I got it from a negro. Earl, you were born and raised in the New York area. You understand about the traffic. You don't think I understand it? I tried to leave early. So why didn't you leave earlier? I tried to leave early. No, you didn't. I came in early. Was somebody holding you shackled to your desk? No, it wasn't. Just things happened, guys. Things within the office happened. Did you have to discuss a very important promotion or something? What happened? You can't give us an answer. Nothing happened. We didn't do nothing. In fact, we were talking about the road show. Ask me what? You have nothing to do with our road show. What do you think I was yesterday? Starting out a potential road show site. That's yesterday, not today. When I asked me today, what did I think of the site? Earl, all I have to say is you were born and raised in the New York area. You understand that there's traffic all the time. I understand. And on Fridays... I'm driving, guys. On Fridays, it's worse than other days. I understand. That's why I came in early. Earl, you can get out of this in two seconds by just telling us what you were doing here at the station that prevented you from leaving so you could get there on time. I had the right paperwork from last night. I got the wow stickers. A paperwork for what? The insurance. The promotion last night, I forgot the paperwork. The insurgency got paid. I did the wow stickers and then I left. I talked with Matt. So what time did you get into the station today? What time did I get into the station? About two. About what? Ten after two. Ten after two. Is that what time you're going to come in? No, let's follow the logic here. So from ten after two until three... I'm going in at wow stickers now. And my back is going dead. From ten after two to three forty at... Yeah. He gave out some... he mailed out some wow stickers and he did some type of paperwork. I did paperwork. Now couldn't the paperwork wait until maybe later on today? What? And couldn't the wow stickers that you're mailing out wait until tomorrow? You guys were yelling at me to get the damn thumbs out. It's nothing I never... Oh God, get the wow stickers out. So I got the wow stickers out. Now how about getting to the locations when you're supposed to get to the locations? If that one thing, it's another. How do you like to go by law? I'm going to hand out the wow stickers there. I didn't even park this thing yet. I'm in the middle of a lot. I'm going to hand out the stickers and then I'm going home. Stupid! Home, home, home. I'm not going to press the two buttons as you said the one time in life, but I am going home. I didn't say you pushed two buttons. I said you pushed buttons. You just need to manage your time better. That's all. I'm trying guys, but I'm one man. Oh, that's debatable. Earl, you really... Whatever. I'm one man. You don't do a lot. You guys got a big crew. You know that? I'm going to ask from that crew to do it. I'm done. No problem. I'm done. Well then what are you going to do with your life, Earl? Yeah, what are you going to do? Finished. What are you going to do? I don't know, but I'm done. Okay. You find a real job. That will be amazing. All I got is abuse for this. We're taking our... We're taking really hard. We got every sticker out. I got all the stops and it's not enough for you guys. I am done. We're taking resumes for our own work. We're taking resumes for our own work. We're taking resumes for our own work. We're taking resumes for our own work. I got all the stops and it's not enough for you guys. I am done. We're taking resumes for Earl's job. Immediately. We're so demanding on Earl. We ask him to be somewhere with 24 hours notice to be somewhere at a certain time. And every time he's late. Right. Every time. But we're so demanding. And that's all I ask of Earl. Earl, you hung up. Holy smoke. Dave, what's going on? I'm working down here at Powerhouse Honda and like this first of this bonehead shows up late. And now we're part of a dead end street. He's all the way at the dead end street around the corner. Nobody even sees the van. All right, see. Turn around. We're doing more. He'll get there. I mean, you know, he's on the dead end street all the way down the block. All right, Dave. Thank you. All right, brother. We just take pride in what we do. I mean, Powerhouse Honda of NIAC, I believe they pay money to have a stop by to give out these stickers. We don't need someone showing up an hour late. Makes us look bad. The sloth. This is a guy, I don't know if the listeners can completely understand what Earl does, but this is a guy that comes in here and I swear to you for the two years we've been here, we do not have a clue as to what he does or has done since he has been with WNAW. We don't know. But anyone in here can tell me and I've asked a few times, we've asked, what does Earl do? I don't know. What's his title? No one knows. What does he do? No one knows. So then we figure, I will throw the guy a bone. We'll give him something to do with the show. So if the boss asks, what does he do? At least I'll have an answer and not get thrown out the door. But he can't even do that. He can't even make it to these locations. He comes scrolling in after two. Two! And he can't be there on time. Because he's doing something that I can't figure out what that is either. And he can't even explain it. Maybe it's just Mrs. Scott's eyes. Okay. Where's Earl? Coming. Coming? Coming. Virgin. Yes he is. We get frustrated every day because we have these sticker stops that start at 4.30 and every day without fail, you guys have been listening for the last two weeks. I'm sure Earl left and he's on the road by now. He's got to go all the way up to Powerhouse on a night. Oh no, he's and then he walks by the studio door at 3.40. I don't know what the hell he's doing. And then he gets mad at us because we call him out on it. I don't know what he's doing back there. He's got his own little cubicle now where no one could see him. He's got his own little cubicle now where no one could see him. It's like you first to get to his cubicle, you got to go through a rat maze and he's there at some secluded little window location where no one sees him. No one sees him back there. I don't know what he's doing back there. He can spank out a batch nibbling on the cheese that he found in the maze. But I don't know and no one can answer me. We should ask our own boss what he does. Could you tell us what Earl does? Yeah, get Pip on the phone. Where's Pip? Call him. No, you know, usually I wouldn't normally want to do this because you never really want to let the boss on to what people are doing around here because it's none of their business really. If you could go through life and you're at a job going in and make it look like you're doing something and get paid, that's fine. But I don't know what the hell he's doing. Maybe Pip knows what his title is and what he's done. Doesn't he have to answer to Pip? Yes, he does. Okay. So I'm sure Pip might understand what he does and what he's done in this past week. We have a whole week from Monday through Friday. What did Earl do? Vanjie? Hi, how are you guys? All right. Listen, if you're going to get rid of Earl, can I be the next token Negro? Yeah. Are you a little more motivated? Oh, yeah. Can you lick envelopes? Pretty well. And do paperwork? Does paperwork? I don't know what this paper is about. What the paperwork is. He's filling out things so Butchie can get paid? What? What is that? I don't know. Is it a little form that you submit to a club from an appearance? Is it like one piece of paper you go, okay, here's who it is, here's what he did, and here's what he gets paid. There. Oh, that was a cozy five minutes. Now what? Here's Pip. Did he leave? I'm sure he's shown his assistance on here, so I don't know. Pip doesn't want to talk to us. That means Pip, I'm going back to D.C. All right, Vanjie, thank you. Okay, take care, guys. Bye. Bye. All right, well, we don't know. Earl might have quit today. Yeah, right. Could you imagine that guy going out and actually getting a real job somewhere? Only at any W can someone hold down a job like Earl's got. Earl and Spaz. Because could you picture Spaz going out and having to get a job somewhere, too? We are like the frigging handicapped place over here. We are like the frigging handicapped place. You could just come here, sit around, say you're filling out certain paperwork, and yell at people on a phone, and we'll keep you. We don't care. You're going to be at this location at 3 o'clock. Okay, 5.30, I'm there. Hello? Anywhere else, you're out the door. Not here. Not at any W. All right, Anthony, enough of that. Amazing. If you want to go to Powerhouse, Honda, and NIAC, we would love for you to get up there and get a Wow sticker. Route 59 to NIAC, one mile from the Tappan Zee Bridge across from McDonald's. Say hi to the sloth. But Earl will probably leave in a half hour. He's got to get back here for some important paperwork. Ponderous. Does he have to run Don and Mike tonight? No, he said he wasn't going to do it. No, but this is funny, too, though. So now he gets to the appearance late. He arrived at 5.10. He's got to suspend at least an hour there. And Don and Mike go on at 7, and he has to run the board for Don and Mike. He's going to be late again. He's just constantly late. Oh, that's right, look at that. Yeah, because it's like 5.20. So now he's got to stay an hour. You figure 6.30 by the time he leaves there. It took him an hour and a half to get there. Rush hour traffic, Friday. Yeah, he'd miss that, so he'd be late for that, too. What does he think? It's like nursery school. It's a vicious circle. It doesn't matter. You can sit there and drool on a block, and it's fine. All right, Anthony. Gary's upset. Gary's upset? Who's Gary? Gary. Gary sales Gary, because they're all drooled by the place and went to the wrong place or something. The client's pissed. See, the client. Oh, my God. Yeah. That's what we were trying to say. We take pride in our show. We take pride in our WOW campaign. We take pride in our clients. We want to deliver a nice product to them. You know something? You know who I'm blaming? Us. I'm blaming us. How many times do you walk up to somebody and go, hey, how you doing? Oh! The next day. Hey, how you doing? Oh! You're going to keep doing it? We keep sending this jackass out on these sticker stops. At this point, it's our fault. Wow, Gary, who likes 90210, it's very pissed off. Yeah. Get him in here. Get him in here. Yeah, Gary, please. We understand you're authentically pissed off. So what did he do? He drove past the dealership, number one. He drove down a one-way street. Yeah. Instead of going to the parking lot of the dealership of Power Honda in West Nyack, New York, there's a great Honda dealership. Right. And the whole purpose of this is to give out WOW stickers and promote the Honda deal. I put all my hands up at this dealership, and everybody should. And Earl is supposed to be in the parking lot. He's supposed to be in the parking lot of this establishment. So he's at the end of the one-way street, he refuses to back up. The customers, I mean all our listeners that are at the dealership are leaving to go get the stickers, and he won't back up. That's what we do. We send people near the places that sponsor this to draw them away. Is he freaking retarded? Man. What is this? I'm not kidding. No, I understand. This is Phyllis just calling me. She's like nuts. Yeah. Look at this. That's what we do. We do WOW sticker stops to pull people away from our sponsors. Our sponsors are so popular, they're so popular when they advertise on the Opie and Anthony show that we actually have to do stuff to get people to get away some. So he parked away, and now everyone's leaving the dealership. Leaving the dealership where they were waiting. The whole point of this is to maybe pick up a WOW sticker and go, hey, you know what? I'm going to check out some Mondas. Yeah, you go in, nice weather, you're going to look in the window and go, hey, I might pick up a bike this summer. But no, no. Earl's down the road, so I'm going to leave the dealership, and by the time I get my sticker, I might just forget that I wanted a motorcycle. One of those four-wheel ATV things. Those are pisser. Yeah. So you won't see him, because Earl isn't near the dealership. So he's at the end of a dead-end street in the pouring rain. Is he doing crack? Is Earl on the pipe? In front of us, but it's probably like a three-family house. Good, good. Yeah, we're promoting the Johnsons today. This WOW sticker stop brought to you by the Johnson family. Stop by their Buick LeSaber in their driveway and say hi. What? And get some good eats. Jesus. While the Johnson family is checking in, Earl just went across the street to the Smiths house, and they're pissed off. I am just dumbfounded. I am beside myself when it comes to this guy. Well, we have to apologize to the powerhouse Honda. To the powerhouse Honda of Nyeck. Oh my God. For our incompetence on Route 59. Go buy a bike. Oh, oh, help me, help me, help me. Somebody help me, help me, help me. All right, Anthony, we got Spaz's weekend review still. Oh, great. Take my mind off of one idiot and go to another. Go right to another. And also, Anthony, our summer kickoff party. Yeah. Here we go. We're announcing it. Last minute once again, but that's us. We should have been talking about this for weeks, but yeah. All right. We're doing the summer kickoff party next Thursday. We're going to do our show live, Anthony. Cancel all appointments for next Thursday, people. Yeah, it's going to be great. Doors open at 2, 21 and over. Yeah. It's going to be at the South Beach Water Club, 50 Broadway Island Park. Go into Long Island, South Beach Water Club, 50 Broadway Island Park, 21 and over. Doors open at 2. Get there early. It's going to be a mob scene. Coming to Island Park. We've confirmed Otto and George. We've confirmed Jeff Norris. We're trying to get Stephen Lynch, trying to get Jim Brewer. We're going to have a wow wet t-shirt contest to beat all wet t-shirt contest, Anthony, with cash prizes. Pull your boat right up to the dock. We're going to do the lesbian beach town. We're going to do Spaz's dunk tank. Outdoor plus other wild crap. Beach party fun with Opie and Anthony. It's going to be amazing. It really is. Are we going to put the directions and stuff on the WWW website and on the unofficial Opie and Anthony website, which is foundreamusic.com? Send Earl now with the wow van. So maybe he'll be there by the end of our appearance next Thursday. Please start driving now. I'm trying to get there. He'll be late. And we're also looking for new freaks and new retards for the Opie and Anthony show. If you want to get up on stage and become a shining star, part of the Opie and Anthony show, you have a special talent, huge cans. I don't care what it is. We don't even care. Yeah, let us know what you could do. Find the place. You could email Rick if you really think you got something that, you know, I don't know, 1800 people want to see. Where Earl's concerned, if you can get somewhere on time, that's a talent. All right. Oh, oh, a producer at Yahoo dot com. Rick will talk to you about that. But once again, we're very excited. This coming Thursday, next Thursday, doors open at 221 and over at the South Beach Water Club, 50 Broadway Island Park. Coming back to Long Island Gang for our next road show. Otto and George confirmed. Jeff North confirmed. We're doing the show live. We're going to drink and get just blitz. We're going to have so much fun. All right. All right. And we'll be talking about this, you know. But we'll add we're going to add some more cool stuff that will be going on at this thing. OK, that's it. The kickoff of the summer last year at the trade winds in next Thursday. Out of hand. Oh, my God. This one's going to be even bigger and packed. Packed is right. That's why we had to find a bigger club. I love this outdoors. The outdoor party. All right. Let's go to Joe real real fast. Excuse me, Joe. What's up? I just want to let you know, guys, that the radio chick opened up her show this morning complaining about Earl. Well, I believe there was some kind of a night thing that he was supposed to get. Earl is late to everything. And we've all had it. With the radio chick, Butchie from the radio chick show had an appearance in Jersey last night. He was an hour late. So we screwed another client last night because we're telling everyone to show up at a certain time. And they're an hour late. That's not cool. Are you kidding? It makes the station look bad. It makes the radio chick look bad. It makes the station look bad. The client is pissed off. The listeners are pissed off. Just not good. And because they were an hour late, Butchie had to spend an extra hour at the place. So by the time he got back to the city, he had to sleep in his office. Oh, my God. Because it was too late to go home. Great. Because of Earl's tardiness. And Earl doesn't see a problem with being late to everything. Yeah, these guys were mad. They were really mad this morning. Some ambition there. And you would think, because I'm sure Earl heard about it, too, that they were going to be late to everything. Butchie was a little bit of a pain. He was a little bit of a pain. He was a little bit of a pain. He was a little bit of a pain. Yeah, you know, you don't want to get you guys mad. And you don't want to get the radio chick mad. Not three people that I'd want to get mad. Right. All right. All right. Thanks, guys. Hello? Hello? I heard about it today. You know, I got a real... Turn your radio down. I was really late for this gig. Oh, my God, I got a... Earl, turn down your radio. Hello? Yes. Yes. What do you need, Earl? I didn't even want to go in the air. Well, oh, wait. What do you need? I want to talk to Jeremy. Oh. About what? I want out. You want out? Out. What will you teach him? I want to talk to Jeremy. Oh. About what? I want out. You want out? Out. Out. O-U-T. O-U-T. Are you tendering your resignation? No, I'm not. I want out. Out of what? So then just quit. Why do you need to talk to Jeremy about it? I want to talk to Jeremy. I didn't even want to go in the air. You want out of what? If you don't want to quit or resign, what do you want out of? There's no crying in radio. What are you going to do? No, I don't want to talk to Jeremy. About what? You want half of what Ant and I have? I don't want to quit. I'm just like, I'm so damn incompetent. Sire me then. That's not our decision. Trust me. No, that's what I want to talk to Jeremy. Earl, you're delusional. You don't realize you're late to everything and that it is a real problem and it's not a radio bit anymore. No, I don't understand that. I'm a one-man guy. I'm a one-man department. Besides, where are we going to find another black guy? Oh. What? Oh, we have Chuck? Oh, we have Chuck? Earl, would you admit that you're late to everything? I'm not saying anything anymore. You won't admit that you're late to everything? I'm not saying anything anymore. Earl, be a man. I'm not saying anything. I just wanted... Earl. No, I'm just like, I'm getting right through the cold here. Be a man and at least admit there's a problem. Be a man. Please. Earl, we do like you but be a man and admit you have a problem showing up on time to things. Day after day after day. It's not that it happened once, twice, maybe even three times. It's happened a lot. Like I said, I'm one... You can't expect send me out to the freaking East corner of Long Island and then send me back to New Jersey and expect to be on time. It's different days, Earl. Yesterday you had to be... It's not like you're doing everything the same day. It's not... That was last night. All right, so you have an excuse why you were late to Jersey yesterday but you have no excuse why you were late to Powerhouse Honda Nye. Do you realize the client is really pissed off? Can I talk to Jeremy, please? Jeremy doesn't answer this line. Why would you call him? Why would you... If I'm late to anything, find another guy, please. You're in denial. Please. You can't even admit that there's a problem. I'm late to everything. I'm late to everything. I'm late to everything. You are? I'm the other guy. You can't even figure out what phone number to call to talk to Jeremy. Jeremy doesn't answer this line. We answer this line. You don't know how to get a hold of Jeremy? Pip? That's what... I didn't ask you any right now. You're the Ricky Henderson of the Open Anthony Show. Oh my God. I knew the baseball reference. Oh no, no, no! He's desperate! Do what he says! Do what he says! I knew the baseball reference would get us. Oh my God, can you believe it? He doesn't run out of singles, man. Right? I knew that would get him. Earl was bitching before he called. Now our listeners are down there. They're all around the fan. They're listening to what's going on. Sean, what's up? Hey, what's going on? What's happening, man? When he calls in before he realizes you guys are on the air, if you play the tape back, he's bitching and moaning like, oh, now they're all over me because I was late. Yeah, because I was late. I just want to say you guys are great. You guys are equal opportunity employers. You got a retarded spaz and a crack baby Earl. Alright, Sean, you said that. You guys are great. Thank you. Bye. I would love to listen in on the conversation between Earl and Jeremy. Yeah. What is Earl's defense? What could he possibly say? I don't know. If I'm late to everything, then fire me. Okay, you're fired. Right. Because you're late to everything. Man, get a job in the real world and you won't even have the opportunity to be late ten days in a row. If somebody is not late to everything and someone's accusing them of being late, then you go to the boss and say, hey, if you see that I'm late, then you fire me. Because I'm not late. And then the boss goes, alright, let me check. Well, you're not late, so no, you're not fired. Okay, proved my point. Earl, if I'm late, you fire me. Well, Earl, you're late all the time. Oh, oh wait, yeah, I am. But I had paperwork. And this is the furthest thing from the real world. This is like Wally World here. In the real world, you can't be late for anything. They might give you one. I swear to God, they might give you two. This is Fantasyland. We've given them ten. It's Fantasyland. This is Fantasyland. Welcome to Fantasyland. Well, no matter how incompetent you are, you'll keep your job. Earl, I'm late, fire me. Earl, I'm unemployed now. Maybe Earl is confused because Baz told him Nyack is on the Jersey-Connecticut border. Alright. I bet Earl would bitch if his check showed up late. Oh, it sniffs when we go out to dinner. Where's my check? Oh, I don't know, Earl. We gave it to somebody that was supposed to give it to you. What, they're late? Oh, wow. Yeah, they're doing paperwork, but you should get that check soon. Alright, Anthony, summer kickoff party one last time here. I want to give out the information. This coming Thursday, May 25th, doors open at 2, 21 and over. We're going to broadcast live from the South Beach Water Club, 50 Broadway, in Island Park, coming back to Long Island once again. Otto and George confirmed, Jeff Norris confirmed, trying to get a hold of Stephen Lynch and Brewer and a bunch of other people. No cover. Beer prices are going to be very reasonable. We're going to do a Wow Wet T-Shirt Contest to end all wet T-shirt contests with a great cash prize. So ladies, if you're interested, you've got to get a hold of Rick. Lesbian Beach Towel, Spaz, Dunking Tank, plus a ton of other wild crap that we're figuring out as we get closer to the event. Okay? And if you want to be a freak or the next retard for our show, you think you've got something that you want to show everybody at the live show in front of 1,800 people, please give Rick an email, oaproducer at yahoo.com, okay? Yeah. Alright, let's take a quick break. We'll be back. I think we're coming back with Spaz's Weekend in Review. Stay there. We'll be right back. We found a girl that can shoot stuff from a private area. More stupidity on the way. 1027 WNEW. It's the Opie and Anthony Show, 212-757-1027. Want to say happy birthday to our youngest fan, Tyler. Tyler, happy birthday to you. How young? One. One? Yeah. Opie and Anthony fan at one. We started listening to In the Wolf. Would you like a job driving the van? Alright, Joe from New Jersey checking in, Anthony? Yes. He's got a solution to the black earl problem. Hire a flatbed tow truck with the WNEW van on it with earl in the van and drop earl off at the Wow sticker stop. That's pretty good. You guys are pretty funny. I got it. I got to hand it to you. Alright, is it time for Spaz's Week in Review? Unfortunately, yes. God, I can't take much more of this. I feel retarded just going through this. The tired Spaz who only had two hours sleep last night. Look at him. He looks like he's not hurling. I only slept two hours. I was at privilege introducing the dancers. He's got a new gig introducing dancers at privilege. What is that all about? If I'm going to a strip club, am I going there because the chicks are hot and I want to check it out and throw some bucks down some G-strings or see Spaz? What were they paying you for? To just be there and say, what line did you use last night? Do we have any Motley Crue or anything? I want to hear what Spaz's line was from last night. Getting the whole mood here. Getting that whole strip club mood. You've got to play Motley Crue when it's talking about the... Usually the DJs in the strip club sound like this. Give me some music. Yeah, how we doing? Privilege. How we doing tonight? Making our way to the stage is the beautiful Mandy. You might remember Mandy as a Dallas Cowboy cheerleader. And from our movies, 8 old intruders, 1 through 10. Let's give her a big privilege. Welcome Mandy. She comes out shaking her wares and the guys go crazy. Wearing the boa and the fancy Pam Anderson hat. There she goes. Oh, look, she's grabbing the pole. She flips that one leg around and spins. Oh, look, she's hanging upside down by the pole. She's suffocating under her boobs. So that's how it's supposed to be done. Everyone knows Spaz doesn't really have the announcer voice or anything. So I can't possibly see them bringing on for that, but maybe they did. So I just want a little example of your stuff. Here it comes. Here's the music. Just go back to last night. Here it is. What's up, everybody? I'm Spaz from the Open Anthony Show. I've been hanging around here with a couple of other show people. Stay with these guys, oh, Mark. I live here because privilege has the most beautiful woman in the entire world. And let me just tell you something. The most beautiful woman. Women. Women in the entire world. They just put different legs on her and you can't tell the difference. And I know that you like what you've been seeing all night, so I know what you're going to love, our main attraction. And let me tell you, when Anna came up to the studio a couple days ago, every inch of her body is worth every buck you put in her cheese string. And if she can rock Barry Williams' Greg Brady from the Brady Bunches world, then I know she can rock yours. So without further ado, here is Anna Romeo. Let me know. Let me know. Come on. So what's up to that effect? Something to that effect. Something to that effect. And they're paying you the big bucks for that, huh, Spaz? Yeah. To use it to show and stuff. No, it's funny about it too. Spaz had to be there at 9. Was Earl driving him? Had to be there at 9. He stayed till 1. Did the two and a half hour commute to go back to his lovely hometown. Got home at 3.30. Went to bed at 4.30. Got up at 6.30 so he could be back at the station. By 9.30. By 9.30. Did it allow any time for groping America? I can't tell you that. I'm not talking about anything personal. I'm talking about what you talked about. I'm talking about sex. I'm just a little groping this morning before you left. Yeah, a little kiss goodbye. A little groping. Alright, Michael. Yes. How are you? Good. You guys are about to start the Week in Review? Yeah. I just got to let it out now. No, no, no! Spooky. What's going on? Yeah, what's going on, O.A.? Hey. Look, I just want to put on a preemptive F.U. to Spaz. I'm not even giving him a chance. For anything stupid he's about to say to embarrass college graduates around the country. Three dreams, precious. Whoa! Steven, what's going on? Hey, how you guys doing today, O.A.? Great. Hey, got to tell you, I just put a wow sticker on the car yesterday. First time out there. Just got wowed on a Van Wyk Expressway. Yeah. I got a double wow. I got the sticker from Earl and a guy flashed me a tip. Wow. But, I mean, hey, it works though. Let everybody know they are working. Well, we know it works. It's up to the people out there to figure it out for themselves. It is cool. It's definitely cool. Let's give a big F.U. to Earl for Goof to help everybody else out. All right. Well, really fast, we got to go to Mark on line 11 because I guess Earl is bugging out at the appearance. Mark, what's going on? Yeah, man. All down here is bugging, man. What's the matter? What's the matter? He's just yelling and screaming. He's like, F these people. I ain't doing this crap no more. They're going to have to find somebody else to mail out these stickers. A parking lot, a parking lot. You can't move. You can't move. He's going to need some serious like, psychological help. He's like, seriously bugging. Someone else were putting in therapy. You know, when I used to go to like radio station events when I was growing up and stuff, you know, you got there. The van was perfectly placed in front of the client's place. Right. And the DJ was all nice and stuff. He would give you a free CD and a free sticker with a smile on his face. You hear the mess we got going on up there. It's mind boggling. All right. Thank you, Mark. All right, man. Bye. Jason's saying you did a great job at Privilege last night. Jason, what's up? Hey, guys. What's going on? I was there last night. I mean, you know, I thought Scott did a pretty good job. You know, for, you know, he was there. He introduced the girls. It was cool. That's cool. You know, I mean, guys are busting his chops. You know, it's funny to, you know, bust his balls and stuff, but he's doing all right. I know. Okay. I'm a spaz fan. Well, as Common said- Hey, syndication when Arnold gets off CPT. Take it easy. All right, Jason. Eric, what's up? Yo, okay. Check it out. When I first called you guys, I was in the Lincoln Tunnel. My phone was working and I want to take the half out of Earl's job. I want his job. Yeah. But I got to tell you, I have the most amazing wow story from the Lincoln Tunnel, right? I'm coming out of the tunnel. Guy in front of me is getting total repulishio. Okay. I pull up next to the car. I got my wow stick on the back of the car and we're coming out of the tunnel. The chick sits up and I swear to God, she just puts them right up against the window and starts rubbing them on the window. I was like freaking out. I was going totally nuts. It was so funny. Awesome. Yeah, kick ass. So syndication on the ground, guys. All right. Thank you, Eric. Be quiet, sir. That's happening out there. We know it. Get the wow in your car. Okay. It's time for Spaz. Yeah. We can review. Dude, Pollock takes that stock. Whoa, whoa. He's as dumb as a box of rocks. Whoa, whoa, whoa. He flips us back and spams us right to the top. This is it so we can review with Spaz. Whoa. This is now time for the K-Dog. We're going to review with Spaz. Whoa. This is it so we can review with Spaz. Whoa. This is now time for the K-Dog. Week in review. Let's just kick it off right away with a little bit of local news. Rudy Giuliani is in the newspapers these past couple weeks with two things, cancer and his new lady friend. So we noticed in the paper that he buys his new lady friend a new diamond ring which probably costs him about 20 grand if it's real according to specialists. And he's also trying to pay for cancer treatment. I think he's just trying to concentrate on paying for that cancer and probably he's going to have to pay for this divorce, which most men do when they get divorced. So I think he should just hold off on buying the jewelry for a while. It's not like he's going to remarry because who would remarry him? Anyway, I think it's a good strategy actually to be in the paper about the cancer. At the same time as the divorce thing and the new lady friend because the cancer will dilute the whole divorce thing with Donna Hanover and his new lady friend thing. The press would more be on the sympathetic level so would the masses, the people who are voting for him, just appeal to the cancer side and just not concentrate on this whole messy thing with Donna Hanover no matter how bad he looks in the divorce thing. So I think it's just a good strategy on Rudy's part to announce the cancer right before he announces the Donna Hanover thing. I think it's a good political strategy and I think that's why he's going to beat Hillary in the second race. There you go. That's why he's going to beat her. He's not running now. We found that out. But he taped this last night. You're making it sound like he put cancer in him to use and you think he better just pay for the cancer. Pay for the cancer instead of paying for what? Instead of paying for the diamond ring that he got the lady friend. Do you know anything about it? Diamond ring? Cancer. God, health insurance. Kind of. Do you honestly think he's paying for the cancer? What, do you think he's paying for all of it? The insurance will probably pay for most of it. I'm assuming the mayor has a good insurance policy. Probably has a pretty good health plan. Health insurance policy. Yeah. We're ready to get the money for the ring. I mean, come on, 20 grand. Who said he's going to pay for the ring? Maybe he took out loans on his credit card and he's like 20 grand in debt now. That is just great. He's using the cancer to help dilute. Dilute, yes. Dilute. Dilute. The situation. It's to shift the attention away from the divorce which could ruin him in the race if he was still running. Yeah. So he uses the cancer to appeal to the sympathetic side of people. You don't think that the cancer thing is the reason he pulled out? You think it's the divorce? What do you think the reason he pulled out? I don't know. Maybe his lady friend got to him. Maybe she had a factor in this in his decision to drop out. Uh-huh. No, women have a way with things. Yeah. So you think he's being like the Yankees and using the cancer. It's great strategy. I mean, he's working for the Yankees. So what are the mayor's chances of clinching the pennant? All right. Well, there's a lot in that first story. That's great. Let's try to get another story out here real fast. Okay, moving on. Joey Budafuco. He came over from LA to film a little bit part in a new film because apparently he thinks his 15 minutes of fame are still here. And he was walking around with a new bombshell around New York from the set and he's posing for the paparazzi cameras and stuff. Meanwhile, Mary Jo Budafuco sitting back in LA still saying that, no, I stand by my man. He's not going to cheat on me again. He never cheated on Amy with me with Amy Fisher and everything like that. Okay, I think she should just get a clue. It's apparent that he's using his fame to give these little bit parts and going around with other women and think that the shot in the face should have gave Mary Jo Budafuco a clue. So that's my thing on that. Being shot should have given her a clue. Yeah, he's really serious about cheating on her. Really? Yeah. It wasn't just a staged little event and with that bombshell. Who was the bombshell? Yeah, who was the bombshell? I don't know. Some girl he picked up on the set. You know that for a fact from what I understood. Or was it just a friend? He says it's just a quote unquote friend. But you know best. Yeah, come on. It's kind of obvious. What was he filming for? A little bit part. I don't know. Some B movie. Did you read it? We'd like to know. I only read the movie part. I didn't read the title. Yeah, we're going to have to let Steve in on this today. Steve from FoundryMusic.com. Kevin, do you read the entire article before you give your editorial at all? Not entirely. Do you just gloss over the headline and then you just go ahead and read it? Yeah, I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. I read it. Do you read the headline and then just ramble incessantly? The headline and the first couple sentences. Perhaps you might want to delve a little deeper into the article itself before you comment on it. I figured that the first two sentences give you the gist of it. The first two sentences. Yeah, that's why all articles are two sentences long. Spaz is a moron from Manhattan checking in. What the hell is that sound he makes? It sounds like a dodgeball just bounced off his throat. Hello? Keith, what's going on? Hello? Keith, go, go, go. How are you guys doing? Great. What the hell is that with Spaz, ooh? What, did you swallow him up too? Yeah, Spaz, a lot of people want to know what is that noise? It starts with every story too. It's a mis-swallowing. Is that like from practice? You get that down or what's up with that? I'm swallowing him up. All right. Thank you, Keith. Let's go to Tom. Tom, you're next on WNAW. Hello, guys. Hey. Spaz, do us a favor and just shut the F up. Seriously, you're making a fool of yourself. You always made a fool of yourself and you'll always be a fool. You flusherate me and I'm going to, I'm up. No! God damn it. Spaz, what's the word for the people that have the cameras that take pictures of the celebrities? Paparazzi. Paparazzi. Paparazzi. There you go. All right, Louis. There are some reports that he had screwed that up. Louis, what's up? Oh my God, why do you people let this dumb ass talk? Hey, Spaz, Spaz, you're paying attention? I think you better dilute your vodka tonics with some water, you dumb ass. He's trying to dilute the pressure he's going to take because he's got cancer. Hey, maybe he's got it as a publicity stunt, Spaz. That's a good idea. Hey, I'm going to get cancer. They'll all work for me, you dumb ass. You stupid ass. Hey, Spaz, three more payments and I get to keep my leukemia. Oh my God. Spaz, how do you walk and talk? How do you stand erect? I mean, do they throw you a banana in the morning in your cage? Oh my God. Hey, baby, baby, baby, baby, let me help you, baby. I got a three and a half hour drive to... Oh, no, I'm sorry. I'm taking the train. I don't get the car. You dumb ass. Hey, Spaz, remember me, Louis? The guy who pissed you off two nights ago? You dumb ass. Piss me off? I don't remember you did. Oh, I don't remember. I hang up on him all the time because he's not funny. Hey, Spaz, you're funny. Hey, you're funny, Spaz. Did somebody piss on your head lately, you dumb ass? All right, Louis, thank you. All right, Louis, thank you. You stupid ass. He gets it every week. Wow. That's great. Wow. That's great. Three more payments and he gets to keep his leukemia. Oh my God. Guy wants to know if... Let's see, Dean from Jersey wants to know, Spaz, if Joey Butterfield was in town filming your porno movie in the gonzo style. Oh, no. Oh, okay. Oh, boy. Let's go to Jeff real fast. Jeff, what's up? Hello? Hey, Jeff. What's going on, fellas? Hey. Hey, so I'm wondering, I'm wondering either if Spaz can make it past the second sentence, if that's where Erika kind of gets bored and pissed off and, you know, has something else. So you're pretty much saying Spaz can't say two sentences in a row. Yeah, we've never gotten proof of it and he's just kind of giving us evidence. So I'm just wondering if maybe we can get some, you know, some proof on air, Spaz, going past the second sentence. All right, Jeff, thank you. All right, man. Bye. Aaron, what's up? Hey, what's up, guys? How are we doing today? Great. Hey, I just wanted to ask Spaz a favor. If he can stop using the phrase, from what I understand, when he's talking to stars, I don't think you understand the goddamn thing. From what I understand, yeah. That's a good one. Danny, what's going on? What's going on? Hey. Between Aaron and Spaz, I think you guys should start cleaning the house, man. Get out of there, man. Yeah. You know, it's indication when Spaz gets thrown home from his commute. Hey, what's up, guys? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey, what's up, guys? Let's go to the next story. Spaz's Weekend Review. Now we move on to national and world news. The ex-bishop is now servicing a sex site. Apparently he wants to preach, still keep on preaching to the millions and millions of Catholics around the world about sex, but he's doing it in quite a different way. As he teaches about love and lust in a cyber sex site called theposition.com. Now I don't know this is just this ex-bishop doing this is just a lens to the theory that priests really cannot control themselves. I myself am a Catholic, I'm a Roman Catholic and I'm pretty much devout. Roman aroused the brain. And I don't mean any disrespect towards the Catholic faith, but come on it's not really helping. I mean we got also another priest who was in the paper about trying to bless a young boy and now we got another ex-bishop who's higher than a priest by the way who is trying to service a sex site and I think you should just watch out for the kidney porn there. What? I don't think this is right. I think you should just keep it within the Catholic Church instead of going to their own website that is not related to the Catholic Church teaching about sex if you're coming from the faith. What? Okay moving on. What? See I understood what you were talking about at the beginning albeit it was retarded but at least I understood it. But toward the end of that I totally lost you. What was that with the kidney porn thing? I was saying to watch out because he might have kidney porn on his site. He's accusing a bishop of having kidney porn on his site? I said could be. He's giving sex advice. Yeah but he could go a little far having sex advice for little kiddies and using little kiddy pictures and stuff. Oh my God. He pointed out to the little kiddies. You're ready to get mine. Keep your Catholic porno in the Church. Don't put it on the web. Is that what you were saying? Pretty much like keep all your perverse activities that happen in the Catholic Church to yourself. No no no. Talk about sex in the Catholic religious way in the God sense. Don't turn it into smut by using a bishop's name. Don't put a bishop's name to smut. Did you read this article? More than two words? A couple sentences. Is he a bishop? He's an ex-bishop. An ex-bishop. Is he doing the site as an aid to people to help them learn about sex or is it a porno site? It could be interpreted as one. Why are there naked pictures on there? To illustrate. To illustrate. I got to do. What was the site? Georgia! It's Georgia! Theposition.com. Theposition.com. Theposition.com. Theposition.com. Theposition.com. Theposition.com. Mmhmm. Currently under construction. There's nothing on this site. There's not even a god damn, it's a black screen that says ThePosition.com is currently under construction. You have this guy already distributing kitty porn and there isn't even, it's a damn black The website is not even up yet. At Press Time. At Press Time? You are calling what you do Press. While you wrote it you called it at Press Time? At Press Time it was up. Anthony what is going on? Yo guys I am graduating Iona and I want to thank Spaz for making my degree invisible. Spaz, Mets suck, you have two sets of lips you jerk off. James what is going on? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Anna McGuire, Ricky Cobb. Alright, and we're halfway through Spaz's Week in Review. Halfway through. I like to look at it as the glass being half full still because there's really no end in sight. We've got to take a quick break and we'll be back with Spaz's Week in Review. Opie and Anthony. Funky ladies, though. You guys are really funny and stuff, but you guys take it too far to the point where I literally get nauseous and sick listening to your radio show. Go make a mitle. 1, 2, 7. W-N-A-W. Imagine Spaz with dreads. And then Shulk's dragging a little bit. I think it's because she's started out showing me everything. She's just like, die, die, die, die. But sometimes I like to keep to the air. She'd be like, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die, die,