 Opie and Anthony 1027 WNEW Opie and Anthony There's no level 2 L that you guys won't stick to You're just a bop You suck Yeah 1027 WNEW Weeew, weeew, weeew Oh yeah Weeew, weeew, weeew Da-da-da-da-da-da-da Open for business It's the O&A show Gotta welcome all our brand new affiliates To the Opie Network show All of them carrying our program on the network On the network Say hi to San Jose, California Say hi to our affiliates there in Dallas, Texas And Grand Junction, Colorado What's that for again? Acre to Ohio Quad Cities Quad Cities, yes There, there, there, there, there, there, there, there Hello Fargo We know you're out there Thanks for the support There, there, there, there, there Better get jipped on Whippin' Out Wednesday, aren't we, Opie? Hell yeah, man What's up with that? All of a sudden All of a sudden the beautiful Whippin' Out weather Has turned to a chilly, drizzly Wednesday I'm going to go out on a limb here and say That I think God doesn't like Whippin' Out Wednesday, Anthony We had a heat wave the last week and a half Or however long that was Sunny every freaking day Beautiful, 90, 95 degrees while we're working Finally Wednesday hits We're all sitting here excited Going, oh, it's going to be 90 and sunny, right? Yeah It's a miserable spring day out there Was I the only one that fell asleep with all the windows open? And the fan? You know, the fan's blowing I had the ceiling fan cranked Full force blowing straight down on the bed On the beautiful Rockaway bed And woke up at about 5 in the morning Shivering The blankets are all kicked off Because it was hot Went to bed, it was hot All of a sudden woke up a few hours later It cold It cold Freezing I have a fan story Yeah? Dad a fan After the show yesterday we went in the park Went inline skating, Anthony Yes, all of you went Psycho Mark, Stinky Joined in the crew And Mike DeNicola Mike DeNicola, the FBA author Yes Rick? No Rick Oh, Rick didn't go? No, it was just us four His inline skates weren't wrapped up in newspaper, were they? They couldn't get to him? Oh, sorry What? What? What? I think I hear Psycho Mark laughing From a mile away Yeah, a lot of the pros don't like it when you say You went rollerblading because rollerblades are a brand Right It's called inline skating Inline skating, Ovi I still have to go with the four wheels Like the big blocky ones that you got in the 70s Like they had in the movie Roller Booky Right And I believe these people that email me And tell me it's inline skating and not called rollerblading Really need to find things to do with their time A rose by any other name Is still a goddamn shoe with wheels on it Okay? You can relax Got to say hi to all the cops in Central Park They panicked Why? I think they thought the president was Inline skating Inline skating? Yeah, look at that chick in front of them I mean this isn't the Central Park we remember growing up It's a very safe place now, Anthony Relatively speaking And at night it becomes the world's largest hamster wheel And everyone exercises They close off the streets to traffic You got the bladers, you got the bikers, the runners It was always a place to exercise But the old way of exercising was chasing someone down Until you could beat them about the head with a brick Maybe rape them and take their money Yeah, it used to be called wilding You were wilding in the park, Larry Yes But, God, cops every quarter mile Yeah So we're skating by the cops Every single cop car They would get their loudspeaker on Yeah Hey, OP Okay, terrific They all knew we were in the park yesterday So I finally stopped to talk to one of them Like what's the deal? They're like, well, we heard you guys mention it on the air You're going inline skating at the show And we were expecting a mob scene Okay, terrific Yeah, that's what we were hearing Okay, terrific Yeah Yeah, it was something like that If I think about it, that's about how it was Jerry in Hoboken, no Jay Moore wasn't also cold in my Rockaway bed this morning Bunch of smartasses Bunch of friggin' smartasses Wow, you're saying that's a misprint and a copy We'll get into that later on today Yeah So we had a great time in the park, blah, blah, blah As you know, it was what, 95 yesterday? Yeah So I was sweating before the show even started I mean, Long Island Railroad train, 95 degree heat Figured out, hello And then inline skating, didn't really get a change of clothes I was able to get some shorts on and a t-shirt But you know, same underwear, Anthony That I had on the sweaty train on the way to work Same underwear I had to use to go inline skating And the same underwear to go back home on the sweaty Long Island Railroad train It didn't look like, what's his name, underwear from Raw the other night Oh, Pat Patterson? Pat Patterson, with his big skid mark that he put in Rasheek's face That was hilarious That was very, very funny, nothing like that So I was humming by the time I got home Humming So I'm eating dinner watching the Knicks last night And we got the fan going in the living room The van And I still got my underwear on My underwear on Because I still haven't taken a shower I got home, Knicks are on, I'm watching, eating, you know Yeah So you know how the fan goes Oscillating fan Oscillating across the room So every 10 seconds or so As the fan is oscillating across the room, Anthony I'm getting this horrendous whiff of something Cranky ass I mean, I'm talking horrendous Horrendous I thought Obie, you had what they call cranky ass And I'm like, what the hell is that? I thought a rat died under the couch or something Oh, God damn, you're being pretty honest And all of a sudden it hits me, I'm like Wait, it only stinks when the fan is directly at me And I'm like, you know, I'm just sprawled under the couch and stuff So I'm just like Oh my God I'm just smelling something you should not smell Cranky ass You got a smelly little cranky ass You got a nugget and some skid mark wares Cranky ass Hold your ass to sticky You should do some better wiping cranky ass Thanks to Cabell Bill for this turn We all embrace Your sluts and jackass Cause you keep passing gas Of your stinky cranky ass Cranky ass Cranky ass Cranky ass Cranky ass Oh, wait, Scott has a term for what I had going on Scott, what's up? What's going on, guys? I got an official term that compliments cranky ass for what you had Yeah, right It's called swamp nuts Swamp nuts You got that disgusting, you got all the lint down there in with it Oh, it's just wrong Well, the funny thing about it though was There was no problems until the fan was just fanning my body And just wafting the smell up into my face Oh my God All right, sorry, sorry, take it easy, precious All right, Scott We're off to a flying start now Oh, precious What's like a bar? It was sandy when... She was on the other couch Really? She wasn't smelling it She didn't... She had a gas mask No, it was only when the fan was directly pointed toward me Man So it would just waf up into my face, so There you go Mack and the swamp nuts I think I'm sharing too much in the show It could be Yes All right, and we got a ton of great phone calls standing by People want to know if Earl's still part of the ONA family Yeah, we got something coming up We have an answer for that And everybody wants to know, I have an update on Spaz He was deathly ill yesterday here in our studios I can say he did not show up for work today And people are kind of curious as to his well-being I got some great Spaz news too I guess some boys got caught last night in Spazburg They were changing all the names of the town And one of the... Come on They were putting wow all over the town I guess in the grocery store on the bulletin board There's a picture of Spaz now I mean, you guys are just going nuts up there Anyway, one guy got caught He wanted to change the name of the town where it says welcome to whatever The name of the town, Slocberg, whatever Well, they made a big sign that says Spaz So it says Spaz welcomes you Oh no And they got caught putting it up By the cops? Yeah, I guess Were the cops cool? No, they're not fans of the show up there Or this certain cop, I guess So these kids almost got arrested You don't want to get arrested for this No, you got to be a little sneaky It's pretty damn funny I guess they have video of it We're going to try to get it very soon But hey, we got to take a quick break All right We obviously have just begun It is Whip Them Out Wednesday We'll get into that a little bit Yeah, boob sighting index a little lower than we would have liked today But I would have to say a four Yeah, that's not good That's chilly Now the drizzle coming down and stuff Thunderstorms on the way Makes it rough for the girls to whip them out in this kind of weather But hey, you never know You know what though? Even the long shots come in sometimes Yeah, but the ladies, you know Ladies, if you want to wow the guys that have wow in their car It's going to make it even that much more special Yeah Because they're really not expecting it today Because of the crappy weather All right All right, and quick break We'll be back Stay there The Hopi and Anthony of Oobies and Whores show By seven o'clock, I think you're going to say You know what? I had a pretty good time today 1027 WNEW I sure hope you'll say that today Once again, no clue We have no idea what we're doing today It's a smorgasbord Let's just be honest with ourselves We really don't know what's going to happen On any given day, not a clue Some days we can pull it out of our ass And other days, well, we blow monkey ass We're like the Titanic But well, we did a lot of show prep today In the back office coddling Earl Making sure he's okay with the world Yeah, we did How did that meeting go? I was in the office But I was busy playing Soldier of Fortune While you guys are having an in-depth meeting with Earl See, I get a bad rap on this show, man Everyone thinks I'm, you know, inhuman And out of my freaking mind Uh-huh Who was the one, like, you know, Cuddling Earl in the back office? Matt Devotee came to us Who was the one that allowed Earl to suckle on his breasts? Opie Thank you Matt Devotee came in You, you, you Uncaring son of a bitch I can't help it I was in the middle of a very tough level Couldn't get off your Soldier of Fortune game for two minutes To talk to a guy that's been a little sad about the abuse He's been taking on our radio show lately Like I cared? You see the shot I made? Oh my God, Psycho Mark almost creamed It was hysterical There was a guy, he's standing behind a brick wall I edged out with my sniper rifle I zoomed way in I picked his toe off He starts jumping around, grabbing his foot, bleeding He'd exposed enough of his skull when I'd pick his head off In two shots, it was like, bam foot, bam head The guy just fell down on the table And just sprayed blood all over the back wall It was hysterical There's Earl, like, being coddled Because of his, uh, his stress that he's having with this program And, uh, me and Psycho Mark are laughing our balls off Because some guy just, I just whacked the guy On the Soldier of Fortune game Well, we got some ideas about Earl But hold on a sec He desperately wants to talk to us Desperately Uh, Jackie, what's going on? Hey, what's up guys? Jack Hague What is going on with these wow signs? They're not out here No wow signs to be had today, huh, Jackie? No wow signs to be had for weeks No? I haven't seen any You have your boobs with you, don't you? Absolutely See, so guys should have their wow signs Uh, Jackie, why don't you make a plea to all the fine men listeners of our radio show right now? Please, get your wow signs out there, I'm ready I'm ready I'm ready, I drive two hours of each way Nothing And you're more than willing to whip them out to the guy that has a wow on his car? Absolutely 38C's are ready And guys, you know what? We're going to put the word out there Ladies, only wow cars with the wow on them Only? That's it Gotta have the wow sign It could be a homemade one, of course Yeah, just get wow in your car We don't care how you do it Paint it in lipstick, doesn't matter But Jackie, you're there You're more than willing to do it You're more than willing to do it You just can't find the wow signs on the highway Can't find the wow signs Turnpike, 195 You guys are nuts for not trying to do this Absolutely All right, Jackie Code up, you guys Thank you for supporting wow and let us know if you do see any wow signs Absolutely And please let us know when you have wowed I know, I'm still a virgin Ah, that's not cool I'm trying, though, I'm trying I got my eyes filled All right, thank you, Jackie Have a good day, guys You too Bye-bye I don't know how else to tell you guys You gotta have the wow in your car Yeah, you gotta get the wow in there in some way, shape or form And just forget about it And all of a sudden you're gonna go, oh my God, this does work Yeah It works I thought this was one of those urban legends Yeah, it definitely works But we're having a little trouble with the weather today It kind of blows But they're still out there Let it rip Kevin, what's going on? Hey, I sent some gauze over to the show This way you can wrap it around Earl's invisible friend And then perhaps everyone could see them We need gauze for the invisible man I'm a huge fan of sunglasses And then we need those, like, welding goggles that he used to wear Yeah, yeah, yeah The big, giant goggles You said it was And then a fedora sometimes The invisible man wears some kind of fedora sometimes Yep, yep Cool All right, guys, got it Thank you, Kevin All right, bye I'm the invisible man God damn I went to sleep last night, chuckling Thinking about yesterday's show With Earl and the invisible man? Yeah I'm the invisible man Stop that The invisible man All right, where's Earl? It's time for his decision Yeah, we gave him a choice yesterday He was having such trouble with the program yesterday Feeling that he was the brunt of a lot of our abuse yesterday And we gave him a choice Because he was getting all cranky He wouldn't come on the phone He'd hang up on us in the middle of our conversation with him And we gave him a choice yesterday Told him to think about it overnight Do you want to be part of this program? Do you want to leave this program? Right It's a final decision If he chooses to be on this program He will be on this program, I guess Well, and I discussed some options today at lunch By the way, to the lady that wanted to wow us And we went into the restaurant real fast Honk your horn Yeah, we got an email, girl, right there On 56th 56th Said that I wanted to wow you guys, I saw you But you ducked into a restaurant real fast Honk your horn, we'll take our time going into a restaurant Got the sushi So Bill Boggs walking into the sushi place today Yeah, Bill Boggs Remember him from the old, he had the Bill Boggs talk show? Midday Live, it was called Yes, second day On Gale 5 Yeah, maybe it was Stalker Patty They looked like Bill Boggs' father though Yeah I see some of these guys when they haven't been on TV in a while And you're like, whoa, what happened? Midday Live was on like, in the late 70s I think And then we saw Storm Field outside the building Yeah, Storm Field was just outside I wanted to call him Ernie and ask him this and piss him off I thought he was a lot taller Yeah, he's a... Yeah, I hope he's ready to say hi Yeah, I hope he's ready to say, hey, Ernie and ask this It's like you can't tell It's so funny walking around Manhattan Because you see these people all the time You see people you see on TV But you're not quite sure of who they are right away And you don't want to say anything because it's like, hey, Ernie and ask this No, Storm Field, you jerk off Storm Field Yeah All right, well Earl's in the studio Hey, Earl How you doing? Did the meeting make you feel better? I hope you weren't upset that I was playing Soldier of Fortune during the entire I wouldn't expect anything The entire meeting Did you see that shot I took of the guy's foot? It was great Earl, I showed some sensitivity in the back office today, right? Yeah Surprisingly Yeah, I'm very cool Off air Now, did that... Yeah, off air We switch roles off air It's the bastard like I just have things to do I'm very busy Very busy And I'm the one that keeps everybody happy, I guess And I just had a very busy... I had things to do I'm on the final level, Sophie So, Earl, you've taken some hits lately on the show A lot of abuse about the Invisible Man A lot of abuse about your new nickname Butthead No, that's not his new nickname So everyone is wondering, do you want to still be a part of the ONA show? Yes, I do Oh, there's a surprising... There's a surprising answer Is there any buts? Butthead Because you can't be part of the ONA show, but... Oh, help me, help me, help me Somebody help me, help me, help me Not bad So, are you okay with this program? Yeah You're okay with your appearances on this program, the way you're treated on this program? There are certain points where I'm like, don't put this on the air And that's not your fault, it's more of Spaz's fault Why? How is Spaz getting hit? No, like when I call, when I'll call in and say, God, with something absolutely... That has nothing to do with the show, I'll say, don't, this is not for air We were well aware of the stuff you didn't want on the air, that makes it better to bring up on the air Earl, the stuff you didn't want on the air was the friend... allegedly that was in the studio That was it, but you mentioned it during your shift that somebody was in the studio So that's why we said, who was that? I'm the Invisible Man And we went on to say that there wasn't anybody in the studio And then it gave us two hours of hilarious radio yesterday Hilarity, we know who was in the studio, we know I'm the Invisible Man And I think it's time to expose it Earl, it was the great Gazoo, wasn't it? From the Flintstones, remember that from the Flintstones? Only Fred and Barney could see him? Well, dumb dumb, yes, Earl Earl, so you still want to be part of the show? Sure, definitely Ant and I are not really sure that... Yeah, we did a lot of thinking You're capable of handling the abuse that we throw at you Yeah, some people can choose to want to do something, but then other people can see that maybe they're not into it Cops have to take a stress test and stuff like that, a psychological evaluation The guy might want to be a cop really bad, but the people in charge might see that maybe he can't handle it And it's in his best interest that he not be a cop Well, maybe it's in your best interest that even though you want to be part of the program That you're not part of the program anymore You seem a little unstable A little wrapped, a little too tight That could be true Yeah? So we're thinking of a scenario here Yeah, some way where maybe everyone will be happy here We're thinking of killing you off You ever see how they do that on TV? Not literally, but... No, in the sitcom sense You ever see how they do that all the time, they kill off a character? You've been a part of the O&A show for almost two years? Right from the beginning, one of the initial characters And we're thinking of... You are part... if it was like Happy Days You would be like the Richie, Pottsie, Ralph mouth No, he obviously would be Stix Stix, the only black guy in Happy Days Reference of the day, Ed? Very good, I've got to give you a reference of the day Right? But as far as the people that were on the show right from the start You know how that was, Richie, Pottsie, Ralph, Fonz All there Could it be Chuck? Chuck, well Chuck was there from the beginning But you saw it happen with Chuck There's a good example, he just came up with one Chuck just disappeared off of Happy Days, the brother I guess what Ann's trying to say is we're going to write you off the show So we just need a scenario He just disappeared like Chuck did Maybe he just disappears and no one ever talks about him again Right, you just walk off with the basketball and never to return Pull like maybe like a Chrissy Snow Off of Three's company where all of a sudden you leave And sometimes they get a phone call from Chrissy You ever see that? But you never hear Chrissy's voice, you never see her face But the other one's on the phone and she's talking She hangs up and goes, Jack, that was Chrissy Hi But there's never any voice of Chrissy or anything Or Mrs. Cunningham That was Chuck Yeah, Mrs. Cunningham Oh, Chuck just called You never see Chuck, you never hear his voice They just refer to him on the phone Maybe occasionally we can get up and go, hey look, Earl was on the phone We just talked to him So we want to write your ending to the Opie and Anthony show Thank you, FBI Maybe we can start telling our listeners that black girl got another job at a radio station in Seattle In Seattle? And then when they see you on the streets in New York they can go, hey Earl, you're back for the weekend, how's Seattle? Yeah, like Frasier Right You know Frasier, after Cheers, he went to Seattle and did his little psychology show on the radio Now Earl, if I was the one going to be killed off from the O&A show, I would want to go out in a blaze of glory Yeah, wouldn't that be great? I think we ought to remember one that was just a dramatic ending to a character, Earl Yeah Let me give you an example here Remember, remember Earl? Henry Blake Don't you have a chopper? Isn't that a chopper though? Yeah, but I believe it was an airplane that went down Alright Yeah Who can forget, who can forget Radar O'Reilly walking in, walking into the operating room And announcing to everybody that Henry Blake's plane crashed, spun in There were no survivors Remember? Henry in his little zoot suit saying goodbye Aww, so sad Maybe we could have that, Spaz can come in or something in the middle of the show, just interrupt the show Yeah, hold on, let me get the music So we could say goodbye to you and it seems like it's a happy ending, you walk down the hall with your bags packed, you're going home Yeah Alright, and then we forget about you and then like an hour or two later we'll be in the middle of a funny bit or something Right, and then all of a sudden We'll be talking All of a sudden Spaz walks into the studio Yeah, we'll be like Haha, right Opie? Yeah Farts are funny Another fart joke, farting is funny Farts are funny Guys, guys, guys, um, at 5 o'clock this afternoon, Earl Douglas' chopper took off from the west side heliport and crashed into the Hudson River There were no survivors No survivors And then we can continue to do our show with our eyes all well done with tears Right Earl, how about that ending? That was a good one for Henry Blake But your memory can live on through the Invisible Man because we're keeping him I think he's the new character because you've got to always have new characters coming into your sitcom Right, if you write one off a new one has to come in Sure It serves a lot of purposes, it allows the person that's being written off to pursue other things It makes a star out of the new guy and it is a guaranteed ratings grabber when they write off people on a show ER, remember that? What was her name? Um The one, I think it was Noah Wiley's character and the girl when the homicidal maniac cut him up and she died? Yeah I don't watch ER, I watched that one Yes They wrote off, maybe we'll have that Maybe we'll have a homicidal maniac who gets through the tough rigorous security here at WNEW come in and just hack Earl to pieces So there's a lot of scenarios here, you can leave the show but we always leave the door open like you can return And every once in a while we just check in with you with a one sided conversation with a phone on the phone Where we don't see you or hear you but we refer to you on the phone Also now the commercials will go, hey, you know who that was? It was Earl That was Earl, check it in from Seattle He just called He's doing great with his new radio job out there, remember? Hey, I was the great kazoo Where is he? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait Hello dumb-dumbs Where are little Douglas? I'll get Fred and Barney, we'll go bowling I don't like being referred to as the invisible man Alright Kazoo Hey Kazoo Or we could write you off, not great kazoo Or we could just get someone that could handle the black Earl abuse And we just change black Earls in the middle of the season and just make believe it's the same guy Obviously the best known one of that, Darren Stevens Sure When they exchanged Dick York for a dick sergeant They switched dicks right in the middle of the season, no one knew So I think that's an option Or a lot of people saying the Seinfeld thing, remember that? Yeah, where you're just arresting Or George's wife-to-be When she was licking the envelopes Earl could be licking the envelopes for the wow stickers and get poisoned And kill them off that way In sort of a comedic Seinfeld fashion Hey, what happened to black Earl? Right Pete, what's going on? Hey, what's up man, listen, I just wanted to say Send Earl out on a wow sticker mission He'll never come back anyway I mean he barely even gets to the places So it could be one of those things where he just disappears And if people see him on the bike Hey, ow, you got any wow stickers? He's got a hilt spike and I don't like that at all Yeah, alright Pete, very good Alright man Now everyone's coming up with suggestions, Anthony Let's see what Charlie thinks Earl's end should be What's up, Charlie? How's it going? Brian's song Let him get cancer And the guy keeps going on for like a week or two As his condition gets worse Should we give him a death? That's another thing too, a disease A disease So we give him a disease and we milk it for like a week And you play the song every time Yeah, we slowly fade out Or you have a dramatic ending Where you have to say goodbye to everyone That's a good one And one of you guys can give a speech To a listening audience every couple of days And in the background you play that song that every time Brian Piccolo was dying Yeah And we all could cry What was that song? God, does anyone remember that? Was it called Brian's song? It was Brian's song, yeah Oh, if we could only get Brian's song Try to get that Yeah, that's a good scenario That is a good one Thank you, Charlie Alright, thanks guys Take care Bye Oh, this is a good one Paul from Lawrence checking in The famous dream sequence We wake up or someone wakes up and Earl was never there Or Earl wakes from a dream and there's no radio show I like the Bob Newhart, the second show Right Where he wakes up and his old haggard wife is in bed with him Or Dallas, remember that one? Oh, well, I had the weirdest dream I was a character on the Opie and Anthony show But everyone knows N.E.W. is the rock of New York I have to go help Scotso today What a strange, strange turn of events that dream was I wonder what... Opie and Anthony, that's the weirdest thing Everyone knows this is the rock of New York Virgin I had a dream, you were there, and you, and you Yeah, we can put you in pigtails and have you on a bed And we'll have Spaz and Aunt Nye and Rick and Psycho Mark And Ben all around the bed Telling you it was a bad dream The cowardly lion And then we could have like, I could be the scarecrow or something Or Opie could be the tin man Right? Right. TJ, what's up? What's going on, guys? How are you? I think you should do like a Who Shot Mr. Burns? Who Shot Black Earl? Or you could be a, yeah, mysteriously shot And then with, because then that will help us with our storyline of our show Then everyone has to figure out who shot Earl And then with Mr. Burns, I was like, the obvious choice was Homer With this, the obvious choice would probably be Psycho Mark Always running around doing the AK And you can just tease that away for a couple weeks That's brilliant, man That's funny, thank you, TJ No problem, that was a good one, guys God, that would be great Who Shot Earl Douglas? Oh, that's a good one What? Oh, Scooby-Doo ending! Where we rip off Earl's mask and it's our old boss Hey, what's up, guys? I got away with it once you're meddling kids Where's my ice cream cone? God, the Scooby-Doo ending! We should do the Scooby-Doo ending Scooby-Doo ending! God, that would be great Yeah, if you're just tuning in, we're trying to figure out how to Have Earl leave the O&A show We're going to write him off the show We're writing him off the show It's a ratings grabber It'll solve Earl's dilemma of having a problem with the way he's portrayed on this program Works out for everybody Less stress in your life, Earl So we write him off the program But there's so many different ways of doing it We really got to figure this out Hey, you got me, guys I'm back Oh my God, it's you We didn't expect it to be him He was posing as Earl to try to change the format another time Oh my God! Oh, we rip it open as the old promotion guy Hello! I was posing as Earl to get another satellite dish Oh, if it wasn't for you meddling kids and Scooby-Doo I'd have gotten away with the DSL system Hey, Scooby! Yeah How are you? Ponderous Hi I'm Shaggy F-ing Ponderous Oh yeah, Casey Kason was Shaggy The voice of Shaggy is the voice of the man who's been playing the game Casey Kason was Shaggy The voice of Shaggy Doo, a little dog named Scooby Doo Andrew, what's up? What you could do is send Earl into the woods to film a documentary about wow And you could call it the Black Witch Project Or the Black Bitch Project, if you want so much I shouldn't have come here I'm banned! I'm sorry about wow, guys I should have sent more stickers I love you, Mom What is this? There's a pile of self-propelled stamp envelopes in front of the tent! They went there this morning With three piles all around my tent Big shot of a little snot running out his nose and eyes watering up I better use a wide angle lens Oh! Oh my God! That is awful! Alright, Andy, thanks Later, guys Bye Well, we've come up with some great ways to write you off Oh, the listener's just coming up with a bunch of them Have Earl go downstairs and reach for his wallet and get shot 40 times That's not funny That's terrible I'm just reading them as I see them Like the Sixth Sense, Earl was white the whole movie Oh my God! Wow How about like Elman Luis where he gets in the van? Oh, he gets in the wow van and drives off the cliff? Yeah, Earl, how do you want to go out? Yeah, maybe we could just... Do you want to go out in a blaze of glory or... You want to leave the door open where you might come back? Kind of like a George Clooney thing? You're in Seattle but you might show up in the ER again? Big Yankee fan, you could get prostate cancer We could kill you off every week like they do Kenny on Sound Park Oh, that's a good idea too You kill black Earl, you bastard You bastards There's so many ways we could get rid of you I like the Kenny idea The Kenny idea? Well then you're back every episode That might be a little much But he just dies so horrifically though This just came in, Earl could drive a car off a cliff while holding hands with Spass Just like Elman Luis Alright, well we got to think about it Oh man, is that funny I think he's got to go out like MASH though with Spass coming in and making the announcement Making an announcement with the touching departure instead of the wacky comedy departure Yeah, like he leaves, there's the memories, we're all happy We're happy he's going home, we're happy he's going to something he's going to enjoy a little better than the abuse of this program Right And then Spass comes in and announces Then just a tragic twist of things This chopper went down This chopper went down You could see like as he's leaving, Spass could be all teary and salute him as black Earl walks to the elevators Right And then walks down to the streets of New York and waits three hours for a cab And never shows up And the camera just slowly fades all the way back when you still see Earl trying to get that cab But you just know inside, and he's going to be okay and he's going to eventually get that cab Taking off For some reason he's in a helicopter, I have no clue why Where is he going in the helicopter? Back to Forest Hills Back to Forest Hills Right, because he can't drive And his new life His new life in Forest Hills And all of a sudden Oh my God His stuff went down There were no survivors Yeah, but Spass actually reports it laughing because he hates black people And you hear black Earl cry Stupid Wait, Uncle John's got to go on, we got to take a break here, but Uncle John, what's up? Hey Owen, how you doing? I think you should make Earl into a Sims character, lock him in a room and starve him to death Every night you guys can go out and like, fight the tombstone once in a while That's a good idea, that's a great idea, we'll put it all on the webcam so you guys can watch him slowly starve himself to death There you go Alright guys, rock on Thank you, John Alright, enough of that So we'll think of something, Earl I think it could be like the end of the first season of Sopranos Where Big Pussy disappears I don't know, I'm quite frankly not into the really leaving a door open thing Yeah, I'm kind of into just writing you off Or we could have what happens at the end of the second season We could put him in a boat and take him for a ride Yeah, a boat ride Yeah, a boat ride Yeah, a boat ride It's got to be the mash ending That was the most dramatic departure of a character in sitcom history Everyone remembers that one Yes Alright Ant, we've got to take a break but Earl, thank you We'll figure this out and come up with a very dramatic Your time is limited on this show Honorable way to write When is TV sweeps? We're in the middle of TV sweeps So we could drag this out 3 or 4 weeks, right? Yeah, of course Alright, we'll drag it out slowly but surely Yeah, maybe that's it What was that, James at 16? Remember that? And then James at 17 and James at 18 Remember that old series back in the 70s I think it was? And he finally got laid and that was the end of the program Because the whole thing was like how he was a virgin Well, Earl We got a virgin And then Earl gets laid That'll never work, it's got to be believable Earl at 29 Yeah, that's another thing I'm thinking maybe You've been a little out of sorts lately, haven't you? Yeah When's the big 3-0 coming up, Earl? 28 That's kind of one of those little milestones Little hurdle We're going to write him off the show on his 30th birthday 30th birthday That's going to be a tough pill to swallow May 28 Turning 30 and you're written off the hottest radio show in New York Yes, Sunday though, isn't it? It's a Sunday, yeah We'll work Sunday We'll write you off on your 30th birthday Oh my God Happy birthday, Earl Alright, well the title of the episode, Happy Birthday Goodbye A very special episode of Opie and Anthony Goodbye, Black Earl Alright, let's take a break, okay? Alright No! Whip em out, Wednesday! What is that, like some kind of guy thing? Like some kind of sexist guy thing? Yeah! You will not get away with this! I wish you could just shut your big mouth! It's Whip em out, Wednesday! Ooh-da-da! Opie and Anthony, N-E-W Anthony, Ranch 1 Oh yeah, oh yeah Ranch 1 helping us out with these wow stickers We're pigging out on Ranch 1 all the time They bring a bunch of food up here I have the chicken fajita The grilled chicken fajita, Opie Fresh peppers in there Fresh tortilla wrap Oh, it's great, it's fast food but it doesn't taste like fast food Tastes great, tastes fresh It's healthy So it's not like you're pigging out on greasy burgers or something Even Opie eats it I gotta tell you guys, I'm not a fast food restaurant type of guy But I have no problem with Ranch 1 I had the grilled chicken over pasta, it was very, very good They're also the makers of the best grilled chicken sandwich on earth, Anthony, right? Yeah! And we're doing a wow sticker stop with Ranch 1 today Yes we are, who's going to be giving out the stickers? Earl! Earl! Earl? Go see Earl And that sticker's dumb dumb He only has four or five weeks left in his run here on the ONA show So go see Earl, he's giving out the wow stickers Ranch 1, Park Ave South between 22nd and 23rd I believe they're leaving really soon, they should be there by 430 Park Ave South between 22nd and 23rd at the Ranch 1 there And make sure you turn over the wow sticker, there's a coupon on the back for Ranch 1, okay? Cool! Ranch 1, the best grilled chicken sandwich on earth, try it today, you'll love it! The Ophi and Anthony boobies and whore show It's about 7 o'clock, I think you're going to say, you know what, I had a pretty good time today 1027 WNEW Yeah, it's Whipple Mal Wednesday everybody We won't waste too much time on it today because the weather really does suck, yeah But we're encouraging everyone to get a wow on their car And then of course we encourage the ladies to flash their lovely breasts To the guys and some ladies out there that have a wow on their car It's a cure-all, it would be greatly appreciated, everyone loves seeing foreign boobs, Anthony Gives you that nice little thrill at the end of a long day, right? And if you still need a wow sticker, our own Earl will be at the Ranch 1 location Park Ave South between 23rd and 24th, Anthony A little confusion there, but it's Park Ave South between 23rd and 24th Ranch 1 for your Whipple Mal Wednesday stickers, okay? Yep, alright, really fast before we move on to other things, Dave has something Dave, you're next on NEW Okay, well? Yeah, go ahead Dave I think what you want to do is recreate the last scene from An Officer Gentlemen where Spence kicks open the door to the radio station, picks Black Earl up and carries him out While he's playing that song up where he belongs They can put his Alice in Chains hat on him and then Stinky could be like, way to go Earl! Way to go Earl! Way to go Earl! Way to go! That's funny Dave We'll put this up where we belong Do we have that song? We can like, uh Yeah, play that song We're going to have to find it Yeah, we'll find it Where the eagle flies, on the mountainside This is just where we belong Turn that goddamn radio down Yeah, that's bothering us Dave, come on We're trying to keep you on the air a little bit here while we find the song That's a good scenario though, man And then we could have some skanky bitch scream it, but I have no place else to go! Is it going to the elevator, you know? Yeah, everybody's cheering The Spaz is taking away Black Earl and his arms Tears would be streaming down his face You're so old! You're so old! Alright, thank you Dave, I don't think we're going to find the song in time Alright, you guys have a nice day That's very funny though, thank you Alright, let's go to Fabio Fabio! What's up guys? How are you? Alright, being that it's Earl's birthday, just about You can see the Spook on Lowman's Run where everybody got killed off at 30 Yeah, that's right Earl's birthday is just about You can see the Spook on Lowman's Run where everybody got killed off at 30 Oh, remember that? Yes And you can do weekly updates where he's been seen, where they could send the police after him Call it Earl's Run Earl's Run Very good, thank you Fabio Vindication by vindication God, we have the world's largest writing world library We can't find up where we belong, whatever that song is Where the eagles fly What a mountain No, don't have it huh? Oh wow, boy you know that Rock and Roll library is getting thinner and thinner People are starting to take stuff out of it You see gaping holes where it used to be full Because we don't play music anymore Like you would be able to tell if somebody took a CD because it would end up in the rotation sometime during the week And it would have to be replaced or somebody would get screwed for it But now that it's very rare that music is played There's gaping holes where people are just taking handfuls of CDs out of there I couldn't find God damn Joe's Garage yesterday We were looking for and we couldn't find it That's like a staple Frank Zappa album Because we need a lot of those CDs still for our little Dopey show For our little comedy bits, these are comedy bits And we accent them with the music sometimes Somebody is suggesting that we give Earl like a spin-off show Oh, yeah, they don't he loves Chachi You can do a spin-off show like the Black Earl show Earl loves a stupid thing like that He just talks about how the days used to be an opiate Anthony Yeah, Earl loves Spass Yeah, that's a good idea He can do the Frasier thing and all of a sudden he just has a talk show In Seattle He's in Seattle, totally changes the whole mood of the show Alright man, thank you Alright, thanks man Alright, there he goes Alright, time to move on to other things obviously Yeah Nicks looked great last night Did they? Yeah, you didn't watch huh? No, I was looking at the invisible Jay Moore on Politically Incorrect If I get roped into watching that God F'ing show one more time I'm going to be so pissed off Bill Maher is the worst too Bill Maher, and he's got to be introduced He's now the star of Politically Incorrect The star, Bill Maher He does three or four minutes of monologue He can't even look into the camera, his jokes are so freaking lame His jokes are so bad And he's got a TV show, yeah I get roped in for the past three nights, two nights Oh, Jay Moore is on tonight Oh, he's on tonight, sorry And I tuned in last night and didn't know Jay Moore You know, Jay Moore's appearance on Politically Incorrect is going to say a lot about Jay Moore the man Yeah Because you can see through that crappy show I hope he challenges Bill Maher and everyone else Yeah, call him a jack-off Anything They wanted us to do something for Politically Incorrect And we're like, we'll have nothing to do with Bill Maher and that stupid TV show of his I shan't work with that man I guess, what, he was filming in New York and they wanted a lot of radio DJs, right? And we were picked, so we would be the announcers on TV Oh, really? Yeah And we'd probably have to say, you know, the star of the show And now the star of the show The star of Politically Incorrect Bill Maher, everyone Bill Maher Bill Maher Let's give it up Hey, people in the studio audience here, hello, hello We're going to be on the air now in about a minute We're going to announce Bill Maher We want you to really whoop it up big for the TV show, okay? All right, we got 45 seconds left Really a big, big intro When Bill takes the stage, you just really give it up for him, okay? They got to taunt the crowd, they got to threaten them Feed them, feed them candy bars So they're all whipped into a frenzy We went to a TV and that's what they do They give people candy bars so they're like kids on speed We got sucked into seeing Politically Incorrect when it was on Comedy Central When it was on Comedy Central, we really didn't know much about the show When we were in LA, we got free tickets And that's what they do, they feed the whole audience chocolate to get them all hyper They pass this huge bag of those chocolate crackle, you know that stuff? Which is just, it's on the border of being crack cocaine This stuff is amazing, you just shovel that stuff in your mouth, it's great But then, 15 minutes later, you're like in that tight mist All you're hearing is in your ears is Like your ears are ringing, you couldn't make a fist if your life depended on it Your hands are swollen, you're just sweating And the studio is like 10 degrees but you're sweating And then they want you to, they like preach to you Okay, now when Bill comes out, you really give it up for him And don't stop applauding once he gets out there Because he's going to thank you and nod his head and wave and thank you You just keep applauding until the light goes off that says applaud Okay puppets, people, you ready? And now the star, Bill Maher And you like clapping to the point of it, it's ridiculous Like you ever see the end of a game show when they're rolling the credits and they just keep applauding And it's like da-da-da, da-da-da, da-da-da Oh, Mark Goodson, Bill Todman production I'm applauding for Mark Goodson and Bill Todman Oh look, we're thanking Spiegel catalog We're thanking everybody, thank you Bill Maher And you're like, oh my hands hurt, oh they're all red And then you start like nodding off and the guy in the front of the crowd is like, come on more, more, give it to us And the applaud lights go, oh I've got to keep clapping, my hands are bleeding Oh there's blood splatting all over the seats And the people in the show are like, they don't know where to look anymore Yeah, they don't know where to look anymore and the host is like, leans over to the contestant, blah, blah, blah Oh the contestant, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah And they do that on the news too Sometimes when they don't fade out in time and the news reporters are just like, they're just staying there messing with their papers and stuff And then they realize, oh my god, I'm still on camera and they keep shuffling the papers and it really starts getting really awkward Here's hoping your time is a good time until next time Thank you, good night And the camera pans away and he's like, alright I'll just look at the paper until the camera goes away I'm filing this over here, okay give me my pen, I'll make like I'm writing a note I did this story about a minute ago There we go, oh, camera's still on, it's still rolling credits, you can still see me Don't look at the camera, god my nose itches but I dare not scratch it, dare not scratch it I got cranky ass Maybe I'll whisper something to Keity Tong Yeah, Keity, nice can Yeah, it's the what do I do until the camera goes off, awkward moment thing So anyway, you're on a tangent though, Bill Maher, Jay Maher, politically incorrect Yeah, you're supposed to be on Now What Rumor Is, what, Friday? Friday, yeah He's not going to be on Somebody call Jay Maher and have him ask Have him tell us when he's going to be on Politically Incorrect Let's see, Bill Maher acts like he's such a hot ass but do you remember he did that semi-porn movie Paradise Vacation? No, I don't remember that either No, I don't remember that, Anthony Bill Maher, yuck Alright, pompous ass John, what's up? Hey, yellow What's up? Yellow I saw a wow sign last night on TV in a Knicks game I saw that too Oh yeah? Yeah, wow in Miami in the stadium there I got another way to get rid of Black Girl too How? Put on hoods and hang up on the train Oh wow, come on Stop it Take care guys Alright We like Black Girl, we're just looking for a way to write him off the show Anthony, we got to take a break Oh, we do? Yeah, up next, huge news about the mayor Yeah Something I think Anthony can relate to Maybe you could finally give the mayor some advice, Anthony I don't have prostate cancer What's more painful? What's more painful, the treatment for prostate cancer or divorce? Right, the big C or the big D? What's more painful? And if you're looking for a wow sticker Earl heading to Ranch 1, Park Ave South between 23rd and 24th Avenue I think Psycho Mark's going to be on hand as well Well they should be there at 4.30 giving out the brand new wow stickers All three of them? Yeah Well, of course, Psycho Mark, Earl and the invisible man I'm the invisible man The invisible man The invisible man driving? Alright, let's take a quick break Alright OP and Anthony 1027 WNEW Alright Anthony, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company Mother's Day this Sunday I love the Vermont Teddy Bears Yeah, I gave my mom another bear this year I gave her one last year, I gave her one this year Two different bears and she liked both of them Yeah She was ecstatic, she called me and said wow, that was awesome, thank you Well yeah, Sunday, May 14th, coming up And you've got to get mom something cold, something she can enjoy forever The flowers, what happens? They wilt, they die Vermont Teddy Bears, they're there forever What you do, you call your friendly bear counselor, 1-800-829-BEAR Choose from over 100 bears like the angel mom bear The mama's boy bear with the heart shaped mom tattoo There's even a pregnancy bear and a new red hot mama bear Tailor a bear to mom's occupation or hobby like the nurse bear, the teacher bear Or the gardening bear Sending a bear gram is a creative alternative to flowers and your mama will love her bear forever Send her a bear to the office so all her coworkers can see how thoughtful you are Look at what my baby got me, she'll be gushing And dads, it's your job to get mom a present from the kids Mothers and cubs set, perfect, yeah, perfect gift They have grandma bears too, I don't know the exact name of it but that's the one I sent my mom Because she has a lot of grandkids these days From precious to grandma But they do have the grandma bear And that's the one I sent, it was really cool I love you, I appreciate it Call 1-800-829-BEAR or shop online at vermonttettibar.com The creative alternative to flowers for Mother's Day and graduation too That's right around the corner That's 1-800-829-BEAR Tell them Opi and Anthony sent you The Opi and Anthony Show So here's just a bunch of guys sweating and perp in and farting Hail to the kings of the radio 1027-7WNEW Oh, let it out, let it out, come on I want to say hi to everyone that went to the Nine Inch Nails show last night Supporting the show with all those wow signs and a bunch of other signs associated with the radio show Yeah We appreciate it Of course, Nine Inch Nails playing tonight at the Coliseum It's going to be a fine, fine year If you want in on the show today, 212-757-1027, let's go to Jim Jim, what's up? Hey Jim Yellow Uh, Jim? Jim, Jim, Jim Wait, he's listening to The Beatles It's me Hey, Scotso, it's my birthday today The Beatles doing a Beatles block here on the Q Are they trying to make fun of us? Oh, it's oldies Oldies? Hey Marty Hey Marty Jim Hey What's up? What the hell are you listening to? You fag Is that your hold music? Ah, he got all embarrassed and hung up He's realized that we're listening to his hold music I want it to hear These eyes Want to hold you Hold you again Fag Ah, you got embarrassed That is pretty bad Someone puts you on hold and it's that music Ha ha ha ha Where's Earl? It's Marty with ya On this Wednesday afternoon Happy Hump Day I love playing this type of music This is why I got into radio Joe Gaggart, more music, less talk We're going to do it live this time around Woo Look at the fags in the audience applauding Anyway Alright Wow Big news, Opie I know, let's uh, let's uh, Mike real fast Because we got to get into the big news that is hitting New York as we speak Mike Mike Oh, it's going to be one of these days on the phone Hello Mike Mike? He's got a bad cell phone I think Okay, let's uh, let's move on Anyway Don't forget to go to Ranch 1, Park Ave South between 23rd and 24th That's where you can get your brand new Wow sticker with Earl and Psycho Mark Alright, they'll be checking in soon Anthony Yeah Well, I'm just reading again I know, the news is uh, I know, that's what I was waiting for I don't know what that means Okay Anthony? Yeah The mayor of New York City, Rudy Giuliani and his wife Donna Hanover Are planning to separate Discussing a separation That news came from the mayor today Giuliani appeared visibly shaken When discussing the issue with some reporters He was visibly shaken because he was trying to figure out how much money he's going to lose Oh You think the prostate thing is an invasive procedure Believe me, they go up the same pipe They go up the same pipe With a fist Yeah, one is a delicate medical instrument Right And another one is just the girl's lawyer's fist So pulling your innards out Pulling as much money as they can out Much cash, Rudy Godspeed, Rudy Rudy Giuliani, yes, just moments ago I guess That he and his wife were in a relationship Yes, just moments ago I guess That he and his wife for 16 years, Donna Hanover Are discussing a formal separation Donna and I, in many ways, lead independent and separate lives Yeah, where is it? Donna and I, in many ways, lead independent and separate lives It has been a painful road Has he talked about the divorce or his butt? A painful old dirt road And I'm hoping that we'll be able to formalize That in an agreement that protects our children Gives them all the security and protection they deserve And makes the Death Star the strongest power in the universe He emphasized that he and Hanover were working on a separation agreement A separation agreement is not a divorce, he added He's a wonderful person and an extraordinary mother I'm very sad and feel terrible They're working on an agreement What a load No they're not Now that Donna knows that Rudy's getting his thingy, you know what Yeah, she's gonna go for the gusto Well, yeah, Rudy's prostate therapy comes in the form of a Judy's dish I guess It's glad to see that the mayor's not a cyborg And that he is human and that he's getting his willy sucked Oh, wow I thought the guy wasn't human for a while there, Anthony Judith Nathan, her name is The mayor's very good friend Very good friend Who's gonna be brave enough to write what she really is to the mayor? A good friend A J.B. is what she is That's all A good friend She's a J.B., Anthony A J.B.? A bucket Oh my God Well, this is in perfect form with this whole Giuliani marriage the way it's been for a while More smoke and mirrors as they say They make it sound like, well, we're discussing separation Oh, it's not a divorce That's what everyone says You know that? The separation thing is a big crock of crap, people It's done by people who want to appear that they're not getting divorced No, you're getting divorced We're separating You know? It's a load of crap It's a load of crap Dive right in Dive right into the wonderful world of divorce, Mayor We have George from NYPD on the line George Hey, how you doing, guys? Good I just hope his wife takes everything He gave himself a nice little raise last time He gave us nothing I hope she takes him for everything he's got You guys must be laughing today Well, she has her own career Say that again, George We're giggling like little schoolgirls Yeah, I imagine you are Maybe he should take some of her cash You know, she's got a career She's got a career Hey, come on, what am I going to go against the guy on this? She has a goddamn career She's on movies and TV And the vagina monologues You think Rudy's wife had something to do with his career, Anthony? Vagina The vagina monologue Vagina Yeah I didn't see her at any of those town hall meetings You know? Did you see her cleaning up the crime on the streets? No No I didn't see any of that But now she's going to come forward And probably say that she's entitled to his cash Because she was an integral part of his career What a load of crap that is She had nothing to do with his goddamn career I want to make that clear Wow, why are you so... I'm talking about the mayor Sure Everything on the outside that I have seen points to the fact that she had nothing to do with his career Nothing So you get pissed off when people say that they had something to do with someone's career when they did not? I'm just talking about the mayor here That's all As far as I see, the mayor got where he is today in his career With no help from Donna Hanover None whatsoever None whatsoever None None I'd go as far as to say she might have been detrimental to his career By not being the doting wife that he needed to advance his political aspirations We're still talking about the mayor here, right? The mayor! Okay, I'm just checking Mayor! Mayor, right The mayor Of course Yes Well, he's got a fun little thing He thinks that a prostate thing is going to be bad? Wait till two fists deep Anytime, up to the elbows Hey, what's up? Anthony? Yeah Hey, first let me say you guys are fantastic Uh-oh You were talking yesterday about Giuliani with the light bulb head Yeah The last night I was watching the news with the story about Safer You know, with his cancer and Giuliani's on there with him I'm sitting there and I'm like freaking rolling, okay? Because the shape of his head, I never connected with that The next story they did was some power company And the screen, they showed a big picture of a freaking light bulb And they went to get Giuliani Oh my God It was hysterical That's great That's funny You guys rock Alright, thank you Bye-bye He looks like Simon Bar-Sinister I'll get rid of my wife, John Annover And with my weather machine I'll rule the world Simon Bar-Sinister Yeah, so, boy, they have that to look forward to That's going to be fun Man, this guy's whole life is falling apart, huh? Who's getting Giuliani's kid, you think? The little chubby kid? Yeah She'll probably get him Who loses in that deal? Don Annover will probably get him So, what do you think? This has been going on for a while You can tell they've been on the outs for quite a while He isn't wearing his wedding ring anymore Right Are they going to have to do it? Remember that wax figure that was on the cover of the paper the other day? And it was wearing the wedding ring? Do you think they're going to snip that off? Of course they will What do I think, Anthony? I think that the mayor's been getting laid for many years And I believe his wife has been getting laid for many years This Judith Nathan chick? She kind of looks like, what's her face there? The one from the O.J. trial Oh, the lawyer Marcia Clark Yeah, she looks like Marcia Clark She kind of looks a little like Marcia Clark A little bit, a little bit They show her here back in 71 in a high school picture She looks like a cute little hippie chick And, well, good thing I think this is good for his campaign What a mess They're going to have to really spin this one They were just saying today, as a matter of fact GOP Hancho's advice to Rudy on marriage mess Work it out Work it out I guess this is his way to work it out Bob, you're next Hey, what's up, Iona? What's going on, man? Bob from the NYPD Oh, yeah, listen There's no doubt that Hanover is getting it We know for a fact that a Hispanic detective who is responsible for the bodyguard detail has been doing it for a long time Oh, come on Oh, yeah, oh, come on Like, we don't know, we don't hear this stuff, right? They can't say that Allegedly No, this is just somebody calling up I have no clue who this is Or any information Such as that All I know is they say No, eat dung or a million flies, can't be wrong All right, thank you, Bob All right, bye No All the cops are calling and praying The wife gets everything Oh, I can't side with that, Opie I understand I really can't She was in The People vs. Larry Flynn? Yeah Was she naked? She was just playing a news person Yeah, stupid news reporter or something She's not an actress She was in One Life to Live, All My Children To give her these real easy, simple roles She's not an actress And a host of a program on the Food Network She's on TV cooking, cook for me, you bitch Cook for me If you were home cooking for me Rattle those pots and pans and then get that ass in the bedroom Because I'm going to give it to you Giuliani style, baby Yeah All you're going to be staring at is the top of my lightbulb heads Man, the cops are calling it like crazy They're going to throw a party tonight, I think John, what's up? Hey, what's up guys? How are you? This is great, man I hope she runs them into the ground Oh Come on, he's got to come into them I always side with the NYPD But on this one, no I got to say, no I think Giuliani should keep it all I'm a fireman A fireman He's been screwing us just as long All right, John Hey, thanks Maybe Saper, Saper's got plastic cancer now? Yeah Maybe Ganesan's next Jesus Take care, fellas All right, man Yeah, maybe if you were cooking for me instead of on those food programs, we'd still be doing the nasty The dude picked to that though, and he's got this new chick She's I mean, look at him So it's okay You know, I've seen more gruesome She's not a bad looking lady No She's an older lady, she's, you know You think he pulls those glasses off? Yeah Yeah, baby Oh You're here in Gracie Mansion Now all alone, just me and you, Judith Yeah, come on, you grab my ears Grab my ears Let me show you what the mayor of New York City can do I'm going to show you Yeah, you like that I'm going to do this until my neck is stiff You're going to love it I'll be wiggling around I don't care, I'll pay off the bitch, John Hanover I'll pay her off for my freedom I'm buying my freedom We're still talking about the mayor, right? Just talking about me Yes Mayor Julian, yeah Come here, Judith You're going to get a little of the mayor's yam bag You want banana juice, don't you? Oh I'm over here now Yeah, you're a dirty girl, aren't you? Look at you Grab on, just latch on to the small tuft of hair Left on my big light bulb head And just pound it, pound it into your lap Go ahead That's it Yeah Flip it over, honey I'm going to treat you like the n-word I'm going to treat you like the NYPD Roll over, baby Butt sex Yeah You're the NYPD right now Butt sex Get those boobs over here Get those boobs I'm going to do motorboat Ball My prostate's getting better already This is great It's blowing the dust out You're a little whore Look as you go Suck it Yeah You ever have a hot lunch? You know what a hot lunch is? Look, Donna gave me this glass table for one of our anniversaries You just squat on top of it I'm going to put my big beluga whale head right underneath Oh, yeah, baby Yeah Yeah How about the rusty trombone? You ever do that? Reach around There you go Yeah Suck it Butt sex Yeah Oh, yeah I'm going to treat you like every precinct in every borough Butt sex Yeah Roll you over Butt sex Yeah Right in your sin blue line Butt sex You know, I reduce crime in the city That ought to be good for some quim Look at my yam bag slamming your whale eye Doesn't my yam bag look like an upside down version of my head? Look, it's shaped like a light bulb It's all wrinkly with a little tuft of hair at the bottom Draw my face on my yam bag Go ahead Come on, Judith You look a little cockeyed on the New York Post cover, don't you? I'll show you cockeyed Come here There, now you're cockeyed Look at that There, now you're cockeyed Look what I did to you again Look at my junk Looks like the elephant man's head after he pulled that burlap sack off, doesn't it? I'm a yam bag I am not an animal I'm a yam bag At least he's getting some action I'm happy for the mayor I'm thinking that's why they announced it today He's getting some action I think in the near future we're going to be seeing some more revelations on this whole thing, some breaking news That's the only reason he announced this Something's bubbling right below the surface It was going to break And they went to him and said, Rudy, you've got to do something about this There's going to be pictures or something A vacationing Rudy Giuliani Naked Naked There's the grown man naked Naked beach, Anthony Oh my God, the shots of me and Monaco with the banana hammock on Oh no, and Judas' head in my lap Look at my saggy hairy ass Again I'm over here now Mike, what's going on, Mike? I've got a fight with Anthony in this one I've been divorced twice, I hope the mayor takes it for every penny that she has How do you step in that bear trap twice, dude? Because women suck After you step in the trap the first time and have to gnaw your own leg off to survive How do you all of a sudden get trapped in it again? Again Oh no Alright Wow Very good, the mayor getting separated Separation Like I said, you stay tuned because I think there was something bubbling below the surface That's why they made this hasty announcement It's going to get interesting Don't forget, Wow sticker stop today at Ranch 1, Park F South between 23rd and 24th avenues I got my Wow sticker on all of my official vehicles 24th Street, I should say Earl and Psycho Mark will be there in minutes, we'll be checking in with them next, okay? Stay there You taste that, B.S. I'm a bad mother f***er Lord Como Mm-hmm That's right I'm Rudy G, I'm here to say My hair looks like a roadkill toupee I'm the number one man in NYC So why are all the homeboys so pissed at me? I'm the R's to the U's to the D's to the Y's A bad mother f***er makes a food vendor cry Mm-hmm Get the carts off the streets, you goddamn immigrants That's right, that's right, I'm a bad mother f***er Clothes at strip clubs and porno stores I don't care, the cops bring my whores Take on Al and Farrakhan I'm plenty f***ing tough for a skinny white man So squeegee guy trying to turn a buck Get yourself a job, you lazy f*** Yeah, I'm the mayor man I'm number one I got a frigid wife and a big fat son They'll give me no s*** about Hillary That fat ass bitch ain't no better than me I can't file it with the homeless and sick All the motherf***ers can suck my d*** I'm Rudy G Yeah, I'm Rudy G, mother f***er The Lisbon mayor, Rudy G Lord Como, we're to the motherf***ers in the h*** In the h*** Word! Fran is 84 years old Rick, you cannot have oral sex with Fran, I'm sorry No anal is okay Frame rec radio The O.B. and Anthony show 1027 WNEW It's WIPMA Wednesday Sorry, we couldn't do anything about the forecast We're working on controlling the weather, don't worry Yeah O.B. and Anthony show, always working on new things Hopefully someday we can control the weather We could be like the weather geek where the weather is bad for WIPMA Wednesday And you guys could all blame us What did you do to us here? Yeah, they're always like the anchors of Ternsum Storm, what did you do today? It was so nice the other day I'm sorry We had this frontal system just hanging around over the Great Lakes area Finally swept The whole wall shut off People are getting loud out there though, Anthony Tom, what's going on? Hey, what's going on? Hey Tom, how are you? Pretty cool, I was driving home, get to Exo 53 on the expressway I got the homie's wild sign on the car Some beautiful little blonde pulls up next to me and bam, there you go, man And there it was, simple as that Sure, oh, yesterday You had one of your listeners, they were talking about About the Hollow Ground and West2Swing.com website I don't remember, yeah Dude, you gotta check them out, those bands are amazing They really are You wouldn't be working for the band, would you, Tom? No, not at all, I gave you that idea Yeah Later, boy Alright, Tom Alright, know who's coming in today? Who? The pilot that wrote wow over Central Park Cool Should be here soon We like him, we love that guy Oh, here he is now Whoa, look at that Oh, it's the chick Anthony, what's going on? The limo guys here What are all these hot chicks running around the hallway? I just looked out the door, I saw like a chick Hot wax for the guy that did the W over Central Park, right? Yeah Let's see, I got a lesbian couch I gotta leave? And I got the... You guys are supposed to be there already Don't worry, the way I drive we'll be there in about two seconds I don't look happy today, man Who, the sloth? Wait a minute You guys... You're supposed to be at Ranch 1 already Trust me, I'll be there in 30 seconds Oh my God What do you guys call him, the sloth? Three-toed sloth Two The two-toed sloth The two-toed sloth He's like Paul Hunst and everything Well, Anthony gave me driving lessons yesterday Alright, Jesus If you're waiting outside Ranch 1, Park F South between 23rd and 24th After Psycho Mark has another bong, hit Don't get off his lazy ass and get down there to hand out the wow stickers Hold on, hold on, this is gonna set the water Oh, hot man ass You gotta see him, like the coliseum the other night I don't need to see him He's just like mindless, he's just walking around with a bullhorn making fun of people Where's the bullhorn, can I take it? No Go Get a hike 17 minutes, let's go I apologize if you're waiting at Ranch 1 They'll be pulling up soon So what'd you bring us today, Anthony? I brought you hot Shannon for a little wax Oh, I remember Shannon Of course You gotta see what she looks like today Oh my God Lesbians on the couch? Yeah, who are the other girls? Lesbians on the couch Oh yeah? Yeah, we might even be able to put all four of them together There's another one coming too Four? Four? Yeah What's going on here today? Am I getting in trouble? No, of course not And this is all courtesy of what? Of you, for you Of your company? Yes, yes, I'm not saying it It's so funny because like Anthony's bringing more and more stuff to the show Hoping that we'll plug it, you know what? That's not true Bringing us four lesbians that are gonna fool around with hot wax and on the lesbian couch I think you definitely, finally have earned a plug I would say so On the ONA show Anthony agrees with me So why don't you take that mic, Anthony? I don't trust you I'm not doing it Let it rip Let it rip, it's prom season Four girls, how could we mess with you now? Vital transportation Right Top notch limousine All right 718 Yeah, yeah, that's the phone number, thank you That's it You idiot Thank you Touch him, touch him All right All right Never gets old Is that all right, four and off? Yeah, good Cool We just need our pilot Yeah, where is the pilot? As soon as he gets here, let's send him in Craig, what's up? What's going on, guys? Yeah, I'm a cop in this city, listen This is hysterical, what's going on with Giuliani I hope she takes him for every dime he's got I hope he gets stuck with the little fat bastard Because it's going to cost him an arm and a leg to feed him A couple of years ago at the World Series, he ate 12 hot dogs Really? The guys saw it on camera All he did was put his pudgy pork chop arm over his shoulder And he had a hot dog in his hand Pudgy pork chop arm The kid is unbelievably fat How about last season when he reached out to grab that fly ball And almost fell onto the field? Really, how to grab him and pull him back in? Yeah, like six guys trying to hold him Yeah, because he would have been ejected from the game Those are the rules, man And the other thing, it's kind of funny now Safer is coming up with the prostate cancer You think Giuliani might have given it to him from a little butt-sack I don't think so That's a little much Butt-sack In the case if he had good luck Alright, Craig, take it easy That SNL skit where Farley played Giuliani's kid Damn, man One of the funniest things ever Too friggin' funny Freakin' ever Let's go to line 10 and talk to Robert Robert, what's up? Hey, what's going on? You gotta get Donna Hanna on the show To let you know what Giuliani's like in bed Oh yeah, that'll happen right here on our very program Of course Come on, it'd be perfect though She could kiss him, Anthony could do the imitation She'll fall in love with him That'll be it How are we going to pull that one off? I don't know She's all media whore, come on She's on like everything And then one of our listeners could go out on a date That sounds vaguely familiar With Donna Hanna over And then she could drive a car into a garage and leave it running You guys gotta do me one favor though Before I get caught I gotta hear that Kimmy thing Where is that from? Oh, the Timber Timber Timber Timber I was weird Never now, never now, come on Never now, never now, come on I'm just lying But you gotta get her on there It'd be perfect though Alright Robert, we'll work on that Yeah, well we've turned down the offer to have her on the show ten times Maybe we'll pick it up and say yes, sure Come on, give me a Kimmy though You got it? If you would shut up you would've heard it We've played five times while you were talking Never now, never now, come on Thank you guys rock man Alright, take it easy Bye I hear a new episode with Timmy coming up on South Park Sike Is that the new character? Yeah, he's like the new fad type trendy character to imitate on South Park You mean the wheelchair, right? Yeah, the little retarded child Boy, you're real quick man I've been watching that new show cartoon, Beavis and Butt-Head Oh yeah, I hate you How does that add to our show? It's the retarded kid in the wheelchair, right? Jesus You need me to talk to you? Rob Yo How are you? This is stupid I'm in New York City, top of my way into work I just got wowed by twins dude Oh nice It's working It's a story of a lifetime It's working You're right, they weren't hot or nothing but Twins Twins, I mean come on Twins are good and we hope she takes Giuliani to the cleanest of every dime That little Hitler youth wearing mustache having freak So where's the NYPD throwing the party today? Wow I don't know man but whatever it is I hope I'm working security to bounce his ass out Alright, thank you Later NYPD were very happy today I wonder why they're so happy I guess Giuliani's been sticking to him for long enough When it comes to divorces though, guys have to stick with the guys man Yeah No matter what Yeah Boy till you're in that boat Oh Oh It's ruthless, I'll be ruthless Yeah Yeah I can't talk because pending litigation but Yeah Yeah One of these days One of these days Yeah When I write my tell all book My tell all pamphlet What is Jay Moore doing on VH1? What is that? A pimp suit Does anyone know what he's doing on VH1? He's got his pimp suit on Wait let's ask Tonya Yes Tonya Tonya what is Jay Moore doing on VH1? Well he's doing Saturday Night Live Reviews when they have the best assignment live I put it on him he's doing Kenny G He's doing one of these boy bands He looks so stupid He looks so stupid What's Jay doing? Well his impersonation but he's hosting And that's what they got him doing So Anthony you were looking for him on TV He's on VH1 right now Now this isn't a repeat this is brand new Jay Moore stuff on VH1? Well I've never seen it before I don't think I've ever seen Jay Moore hosting the SNL skits Alright Tonya thank you Alright Bye You know you don't realize how lucky John Lennon was getting shot Until you see Paul McCartney now You know? Now before you all pounce on me really think about that Has anyone seen Paul McCartney recently? How do you remember John Lennon? New York t-shirt on The little round John Lennon glasses Long hair he's just coming back from the studio Walking around Manhattan he's very New York Right? Sure That's how you remember him because that was the last we saw of him The last image How do you remember Paul McCartney who's still rolling around? He's like Paula McCartney now I think that guy needs some testosterone It's like he's getting an estrogen injection or something He's with the one-legged chick If you're one of the Beatles I think you can do better than a one-legged chick Right? I was a Beatle? I'm sure she's a lovely lady Yeah but I mean it's just the look thing Do you remember an old painting done of the Beatles It was like one of those lithographs of what they would all look like when they got older When they turned 65? Yeah it was the four of them all like head shots of them turning older You gotta get getting older 64? Yeah When I'm 64 Yeah when they were 64 And the real life is worse than the picture was And he's not even 64 yet He's not even 60 yet It's taken its toll I don't know what You are so scared to grow old Eat a goddamn hamburger Paul The wife's gone Linda's gone He needs some protein or something Need some red meat? Get a burger have a veal chop or something Don't worry no one's gonna smack ya I bet you wanted a burger Oh Jesus Christ All I want is a burger I just want a piece of meat Paul where are the carrots? I heard you're just ragging them all the time The poor little bunnies And the poor little cows And the poor little chickens Oh for the love of Christ I'm a beater I can't even have a hot dog For the love of Christ She's dead Pig out It's affecting the way he looks I think Alright sorry one man's opinion Jimmy just walked in with another ONA sweeper Oh cool Another one that abuses me When are you gonna start sharing on this show So he can make promos out of your stuff I share They don't make the promos like all my crap Cause you're twisted It fits well in those things cause you're insane Alright all I know is this is called uh Precious is the name of this sweeper Hooray We haven't heard it yet so let's listen to it together here Anthony I hated my grandma She was dying and she goes to my mom Hey where's Precious cause I was Precious She looks at me Oh Precious you're all grown up I'm like yeah where have you been You'll bet Oh gosh The last thing that Anthony heard me say Cause we don't call her grandma The last thing she heard before she dropped Out of my mouth was mom I'll be in the car Dude you guys have some major effing problems Major effing problems Over and out Precious The Precious and Anthony Show On WNEW The Precious and Anthony Show Mom I'll be in the car The last thing she heard her Precious say And it can never ever be taken back Cause she's dead Shut up Whoa heavy duty Yeah I'm heartless Spaz checking and Paul McCartney has the gay face Alright we gotta take a break Yeah Wow Precious you gonna take a break Precious Yeah I am During the break could you whisper in my ear Just tell me that even though I may not have cheated you like a loving grandma That you still love me and forgive me so The angels can come down and take my soul to heaven in peace Precious come closer Precious whisper in my ear Precious Anthony don't forget that you sued my mother Precious did you, was that I love you? Precious say Don't forget in our time of need you sued my mother But Precious I'm dying now it's all in the past Can't we just mend the fences one last time so I can go off to heaven Let's not forget you hoarded all your money And when we were growing up you left no money to us So not only did you sue my mom You left nothing to her when she needed help from your mother It's all in the past Precious You realize when you lay on your dead bed how insignificant these things are Precious Just tell me you love me Shut up I'm slipping Precious I feel the grim reaper is coming Precious Isn't there one last thing you want to tell me Precious Mom I'll be in the car Precious Precious Precious Shut up I hated my grandma I left at her deathbed That's a little tragic there I think I got some issues She was an a-hole The lady was a... a f*** The issues and Anthony show 1027 WNEW Can't wait to see The Undertaker in that movie Have you seen the previews? He looks just like The Undertaker Really? Yeah Anthony the Vermont Teddy Bear Company Mother's Day Sunday? This Sunday? Yes A wonderful day to share with your mom With your mom and if you're lucky enough to have a grandma around who was the mom of your mom Very lucky to have a grandma around Yes she's 90 and she is... she's great So am I She's a wonderful lady I got my grandma I'm gonna get her a Vermont Teddy Bear Yes 1-800-829-BEAR Give him a call, talk to a friendly bear counselor just as friendly as Opie I'm friendly to my grandma and my mom and stuff That side of the family The other side of the family can go to hell Tell a friendly bear counselor at 1-800-829-BEAR a little bit about your mom And they'll suggest over a hundred bears Do you know I have an aunt out there I haven't seen in 25 years? Okay, terrific Like the angel mom bear She probably lives 20 miles from our house, haven't seen her in 25 years Or the mama's boy bear with a heart shaped mom tattoo There's even a pregnancy bear and the red hot mama bear Tell her bear to your mom's occupation or hobby Like the nurse bear, cute little nurse outfit Teacher bear or the gardening bear Maybe your mama likes going out in the garden Get her the gardening bear Sending a beargram is a creative alternative to flowers And the mama will love her bear forever Send a bear to the office so all the coworkers can see how thoughtful you are And dads, it's your job to get mama a present from the kids as usual Get the mother and cub set Perfect gift for mom Give him a call 1-800-829-BEAR Or shop online at vermontteddybear.com The creative alternative to flowers for Mother's Day and graduation day That's 1-800-829-BEAR Tell them that Opie and Anthony sent you Call systems are all over If you don't have any self-respect, aren't you embarrassed to yourself and your family? Opie and Anthony You inhuman slime! 107-WNEW It's Whip-Em-Out Wednesday We'll be checking in with Psycho Mark and Earl, they've just been here They're at the Ranch 1 location parked out south between 23rd and 24th Streets, streets Giving out the brand new wow stickers, Anthony Yeah Do you have any update on Spaz's condition? His girlfriend called in sick for him today Oh really? You want to get him on the phone? Isn't that cute? We can't get him on the phone because he doesn't have a phone at the house And his cell phone, they're out of minutes And I believe he's two weeks to climb up the pole there in Hooterville And make a phone call Remember that? Shamejoker Did you see Tommy on TV last night? A little bit With Oliver Reid? Yeah, the dead Oliver Reid The dead Oliver Reid who was the sick F of an uncle Was it a prerequisite to get people in that movie that had absolutely no singing ability whatsoever? There's nothing worse than hearing Jack Nicholson trying to sing in that movie And Oliver Reid was just horrendous Really, probably the worst out of all of them Really bad That singing? Yeah Horrendous But at least you get to see some cans Speaking of cans, what do we got going on over there? Shannon Hey Shannon I have the candles with my With your boobage With your boobage Yeah I was going to try to do it with my kiki but From Anthony the Limp What, your kiki? I can do it Can you? Yeah We have this Use Opie's can We have this Whifflebat competition going on Wow man, turn around one of those candles and see if you can hold it in your kiki Oh I can Let's see Yeah, the turkey's dying Kiki We just did a super thing Wow, okay listen in Look at Anthony the Limp Look at that, come on What is he having? Fine What the hell do you got going on man when you're not around us? I got some serious problems You're with me You know that You know that Yeah like the laugh, which you're not allowed to have a live mic in front of you Why? Anthony, I mean you know, come on we like you But I'll tell you the listeners cannot stand your cackle You have one of those sitcom laughs That one, yeah see it, there it is It's like Bonnie Rubble When they say filmed in front of a live studio audience and everyone laughs normally but there's that one guy that has that annoying laugh That's you I got a candle in a balloon nut Listen to him Listen, here it comes, here it comes again, go ahead People hate that, they hate your laugh I'm in the background of all the best bits, you hear me all the time, what's so bad about it? You're in the background of all our bits because you're always here Now you're going to make them all paranoid again I finally was getting to the point where he felt accepted here You have never accepted me yet I apologize I want to be accepted by you, I want a bit out of all these bits, you got one bit about me in here After the abuse we just gave you, why don't you plug your fine limo company You can do that Yes you can Top notch limousine Butsies, butsies, vaginas, penises What was that? What was it? Ever Do it fast Butsies Butsies What's the phone number? Prom season, people need to know what to dial 718 Penises, vaginas, butsies 718 Come on, come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Come on Go ahead One more time Let's Rinal transportation Yes of course Top notch limousine 718 718 Yep 718 Yep 718 Yep 718 Yep 718 718 Yep 718 Yep 718 Yep 718 Yep 718 Yep 718 Yep It's torture! It's torture! It's torture! Psycho Mark, what's going on? It's torture! That never gets old. Alright, so you guys are at Ranch 1, Park F South between 23rd and 24th streets. You're supposed to have a good flop with me. What? Oh, that friggin' phone again! What's wrong with the phone? Can we get you guys a good phone? It sounds a little better. What's going on out there? Make it quick, because your phone sucks. Alright, I'm just hanging around right here at Ranch 1, and we'll be here at the next tower. Alright, are people coming by? Yeah, as a matter of fact, the US Marshal was just here. He wanted to give a bunch of the boys back in the office. Alright, very good. He'll be here. Alright, man, thank you. What was that plug again? Huh? What was the plug for the limo company? Oh, the limo company plug? Yeah. Um, Anthony? 718. I believe that time we got on the air. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you very much. Alright, so I got it. Alright, there you go, Psycho Mark, Park F South between 23rd and 24th at the Ranch 1 location there. Wow, stickers, okay? Alright. Alright, we do have to take a break. We're trying to catch up. Um, we'll bring the girls in. How many are you? There's two more out there. Is there one more on the way? Is there one girl legal? I know. She looks like she's 12. Jack wants to know, is that number 718 Butt-Sex Vagina or 718 Jack Hammer Submarine Diving? I have to go to the prom. Please tell me. Hey, ladies. Hello. I remember you. She's changed her hair or something. Did you change your hair or something? Yeah, it's curly. Yeah, I see that. Little sexy. Little sexy, yeah. Alright, good. Alright, we'll talk to the ladies next, Anthony. Hope. Are you guys into hot wax? She is. You are? Oh yeah? You've done the hot wax thing? On your kiki and everything? On your kiki. I guess. I don't care, whatever. I'm a trainer. I'm like, waiting to be trained. Alright, you watch the expert do it and then see how far you want to take it. That'll be easy, right? Sounds good to me. Okay, good. Very nice. Anthony, remember yesterday there was a guy that he wants a copy of this one prank from Domino World? Oh, which one? We were supposed to play this yesterday, so as we go to break we'll play it real fast. Alright. It was a prank call we made to Green Bay when the Packers were in the Super Bowl and we called the funeral home because Anthony, your father died just before the Super Bowl. Yes, and we had to do something with him because he was a big Packers fan. And someone out there wants a copy, so why don't you hit record and you'll have it. Here we go, okay? Hello? Yes, Anthony? Okay, my name is Artie Milo and my father recently passed away. Did your dad pass away, did you say? Yes, yes he did. When was that? I don't know, two or three days ago. Okay. Now he wanted to watch the Super Bowl with his family and we just want to know if there's a way you can come over and like, you know, temporarily prop him up in the big chair so when the family comes over he'll be okay until after the Super Bowl and then we'll bury him? No, we can't do that Mr. Milo. Oh, it was his one dream to watch the Packers in the Super Bowl and we already painted his face green and gold. No, but it would be, you mean not get him until then? Yeah, well you could come over and maybe, you know, pump him with whatever you do and, you know, preserve him until after the bowl. No, I'm afraid we just can't do it. Why? It was his dream, you know, to watch the Packers in the bowl and we've been holding on to him for a couple of days now. He's been in the barn but, you know, the coyotes have been a-nipping and I don't think he's going to make it till Sunday. No, he died, who knows that he has died? Hopefully no one, but we just want you to come over and, you know, prop him up in the chair and maybe open up his hand so we can put a beer in there. And we can't do that, we can't embalm anybody. Embalm, that's the word. And once they're embalmed they can't be, you know, they can't be in a sitting position, you know, it's just kind of... Well he's been in a sitting position now and he's getting kind of hard but if you could maybe do something and then lay him down later? No, I'm afraid we can't. He's got to be up to, you know, if you've got to break something it's okay. No, we don't do that. It was his one lifetime dream. You see the pack in the bowl with his family and we got the big screen TV and the chair for him and he went up and died. We will not do that. If your dad has died and if you really have not notified anybody you do have to do that. So you have to have the medical examiner's approval to take him away. Okay, look, what if we put the coffin in the house and put the TV on the coffin? That way he'll be with the family. Is there a law or something? No, if he was embalmed and if he was, you know, able, if there's no problem as far as preserving him. Right. And could you put like a pack banner in his hand? Because it was his dream to see the packs in the bowl. We could probably do that. You could put a pack, well that's okay? I don't know if we could have a visitation in the house depending on how well we preserved he was and if we could get a casket into the house. But once he's, you know, once he's embalmed he is laying down. Right. Okay, do you think that's like degrading if we put the cheesehead hat on him? Do you want me to call the medical examiner for you? Oh no, that might not be a good idea. Then we'd have to try to explain where his feet went. Right. Oh, P and Anthony. Who would you rather name? I disqualified myself because I got them both. Look at that weirdo. 1027 WNEW. It's the ONA show, 212757 1027. Hanging out, we got a bunch of girls that want to get hot wax today, Anthony. I think we'll have the girls do each other today. Oh, that's interesting. Something different. All right. We've got to get that lesbian for a day thing happening as well. We haven't had any lesbians for a day in a while. It hasn't been a while. Looking for regular girls that are interested in having a lesbian experience. For the day. We've got one and done. For the day. A little fantasy fulfilled. Preferably women that have never done it before. Yeah. Lesbian couch has been resting way too long. Back in action. Man, you hear about the Who? That's really bothers me. What now? The Who? They've retired what, four or five different times? Yeah. They're coming back again. They're doing a benefit for the Robin Hood Foundation, Anthony. What is that? Jacob Javits Center, June 6th. Tickets start, start at $2,000 a piece. Two grand. What happened to the days where you paid six bucks for a concert? Oh, remember going to Ticketmaster. The Who's in town, man. Like eight bucks. Right, eight dollars. Eleven bucks maybe. And don't be fooled here. Doing a benefit for the Robin Hood Foundation. They're pocketing at least half the ticket sales. Oh yeah? Oh come on. That's how they do it to make themselves feel good for charging so much damn money. $2,000 a ticket. To see the Who. And not the Who of yesteryear. Oh no. No, it's a lot different now. There's an old vicar on the stage. Oh my God. Going by the name of Pete Townsend. I don't know who that is. Playing the electric guitar. It's amazing that like last night Tommy was on, flipping through the channels, kind of going back and forth, watching a little of it. And you see the Who. John Ed Whistle, you know. Before he saw the burning bush on Man Arorado, wherever it was, and his hair turned completely white. Moses. Let's not forget Keith Moon. Keith Moon. Keith Moon. He probably looks better than all of them now. He's dead. And then Pete Townsend, you know, looking like the rough, tough guy, you know, kick-ass guitar player. And now he's just like an old man. Sucks. I would really like to know what you get for $2,000. For two grand? Do you get like BJs while you're sitting there watching the Who? Do hot models come to your seat? Are these the special gold seats? That would work. You get to see the Who and you get a BJ for $2,000. Now that I would think about. Two thousand dollars? Two ponderous. I think the biggest part of the show is when Pete Townsend comes out on his little rascal scooter. You know, windmilling the guitar. You know, like he does. Now my ear hurts. I'm Pete Townsend. Hope I die before I get... Oh well. I will not be going to the Who show. No. I saw four out of their five farewell tours anyway. You know. Let's rock. I meant to break my guitar but I broke my hip. I'll throw that to the crowd. Hello please. Hey look at Methuselah on bass. It's Methuselah. He's two thousand years old. The only one that kind of still looks okay I guess is Roger Daltrey. He seems to take care of himself. You know. But the other guys. Like Pete Townsend all of a sudden overnight got real old. You think Daltrey is going to like wear the tight jeans Anthony with his junk? He was known for that. He was one of the rock stars that had to show his junk off. He threw his jeans. Now that he's an old man the sack's going to be done with. That was near. It's like Turkish taffy. In the sun. He's got a... A click clack in his pants. Pete Townsend. What? I need a miracle ear as a monitor. Hello please. Get out of my way. I got to make center stage for my big guitar lead. Who are you? No I'm not singing. I just don't remember. Who are you? We're recreating the old Who's Next album cover. We all dump our colostomy bags on the wall this time. It's different. Where's Keith? I haven't seen him in a while. Keith Moon? Hello? Hello please? Hey Mike what's going on? Hey you guys are talking about Pete Townsend. Did you see the Pete Townsend storytellers on VH1? I zapped through it yeah. It is the saddest thing I've ever seen in my lifetime. It's such a bastard. It looks like your eighth grade science teacher playing Who's Song. I was down in Atlanta this past weekend. They had a big music festival down there. They had a lot of classic rock people like Foreigner and Joe Walsh and the Almond Brothers. It is the saddest display you would ever see. Back the truck up. Now you're going to piss me off. The Almond Brothers still rock. Look they all sound good. There's a lot of these bands that they just don't understand. Their time has come and gone. A band like the Almond Brothers they still could kick it. I guess it turns out you can't do drugs every day for 40 years. No I guess not. It was so sad. You had to see the lead singer Foreigner who used to be cool. I used to like that. He came out with these balls. Lou Graham. Exactly. Did he have some kind of brain thing happening? Most definitely. Did he have an aneurysm or something? I think he had one on stage on Saturday. Foreigner rock. Joe Walsh came out. I've been waiting. It looked like John Wendacy. Oh a girl like you. John Wendacy. Wait, Joe Walsh looks like John Wendacy. You would not believe it. I swear to God I was the biggest classic rock man. I'm thinking of going to buy a Backstreet Boys album. My little ranch girl does 185. Oh man that's a shame. Lou Graham. Yeah. Where's some Lou Graham? The ones who've got, man you hit him on the head before because Paul McCartney's got that turkey neck John Lennon walked out when he got shot. Yeah. You remember him being like a relatively young guy you know. Yeah. Lou Graham. Foreigner. This wasn't when he was rocking though right? Oh no this was the ballad in. Yeah. They were like rocking ones. We can rock. We can rock with Foreigner. Where's some rock? Let's rock. Let's hear. Yeah. I'll admit I used to like this song. Yeah. In the day. Hasn't held up to the test of time though. With his head hung low. With his jack hung low. With his head hung low. Yeah. This guy did have some set of pipe-age stuff you know. Yeah. Where's the big chorus? This coming man. This coming man. This coming man. This coming man. Alright one guitar. Yeah. When do we keep on rocking? It's never going to stop. Yeah. Yeah. Is being a jukebox hero something that's cool? Timmy sing it with Foreigner. I can't. No. I didn't know it was like. We're not doing Cold As Ice. No. Oh. Oh. I'll be Cold As Ice soon. It just reminds me. You know and a lot of people get mad when we talk about this. But they're not facing the reality of it. We're not saying they never rocked. I mean when that song was first out, they rocked. Yeah. Everyone was listening. Wow. Foreigner they rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. They rocked. It was great. It was like knitting needles got shoved in my head. I loved it. And then like last year, Blue-Eyed Pea is going to be at the Huntington Arts Center. I'm like, oh, BOC. BOC. I go down there. It set up like a brunch. I sit down. I'm front and center, right in front of Eric Bloom. I'm waiting for some rock and BOC tunes. And it's a bunch of old guys. By name, they were Blue-Eyed Pea. Some of the principals were still Blue-Eyed Pea. But it looked like a bunch of my friend's fathers doing Blue-Eyed Pea cover tunes at a very low volume. At one point, I think I said, they really used to rock. And someone behind me went, I got shooshed at a Blue-Eyed Pea concert. Shooshed. There's some really funny phone calls going in. Shooshed. Shooshed. Lucy, what's up? Hi, guys. You're making me sick. I was at the Who's First concert in the US. And I know I look as bad as them now. Please don't do this to me. I'm like, not you target audience here, but you get me home on this lousy commute. All right. Thank you, Lucy. OK, bye. You make a good point, though, right? All right. Let's go to Johnny. Johnny, you're next on NEW. Oh, what a great question. Johnny, I'm going to go to Johnny. Johnny, I'm going to go to Johnny. Johnny, I'm going to go to Johnny. Johnny, I'm going to go to Johnny. All right. Let's go to Johnny. Johnny, you're next on NEW. Oh, and hey, what's up? Hey, guys, I saw Daltry at Westbury last year. Yeah. His jeans were so tight, you could tell what religion he was. There was a Louis the Fish in the back taking bets. Fire helmet or aardvark? That's a fucking literal clock. Penis, can you see me? Penis, can you see me? That's funny, Johnny. All right, guys, Penis, can you see me? That's funny, Johnny. All right, guys, Penis, can you see me? That's funny, Johnny. All right, guys, Penis, can you see me? That's funny, Johnny. All right, guys, Penis, can you see me? And they're all worried that it's going to be more like Kimmy and the Lords of the Underworld. The hoop playing July 1st, PNC Arts Center, July 10th at Jones Beach. Let me tell you something, there's no band out there that is worth $85. $85 bucks! And that's going to get the, you know, I go take a master and I see, okay $40 bucks. That's not bad, let's see, lawn seats. And they pushed back the lawn so far, I was just scared to try them. The best ones were like $185 or some insane amount. I cannot think of any band that is worth $85 today. And gee did they finally talk Pete into picking up a goddamn electric guitar? Last time I saw him he was playing an acoustic and his brother is playing the electric guitar around stage like a big who lead would come up. And Pete Townsend is right there on stage two feet away but we got to see Pete Townsend's brother do the lead. I paid for that? Who can't you can hear? Plug in the goddamn guitar, step in front of the monitor and start playing. Suck it up. I made good money for this crap. All right, thank you George. All right, take care. Bye. Bye. Well listen, we'll continue this discussion. There's some really, really good phone calls. Everyone on hold stay right there, okay? We're laughing just reading what you guys want to talk about. Yeah, it's like a time capsule. Yesterday we had the Who with Tommy and today it's the Who with Timmy. Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Timmy! Sandy Newton? Look at this hot bed. Sounds like I'm lisping. Sandy Newton. Isn't that funny? It sounds like you're like, hey, where's Sandy? Sandy Newton. Her name's Sandy Newton. Sandy. Sandy. Not Sandy. I know. T-H-A-N-D-I-E-N. Sandy. Does she go? Suck it. Suck it, Sandy. What does she do? I think she's in Mission Impossible. She co-stars with Tom Cruise in Mission Impossible 2. Thank you. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Whip them out. Alright, we're talking about bands getting old. Some of the bands that we grew up listening to, Anthony. Yeah, and some of these bands should just realize that their time is come and gone. And maybe it's time to just, you know, retire and spend all that money they made off us with the ticket cost that they throw at us. Yeah, they were packing them in arenas years ago. And, I don't know, now they play places like the Westbury Music Fair and little clubs. And they just look awful and most of the time sound awful. And I don't know, if you want to stay in music, you go into like writing songs for movies maybe, behind the scenes stuff. You can't get out and rock. Like I said before, Blue-Eyed Stacall totally pissed me off. It was horrible. Remember seeing him at the Black and Blue show in the garden? And it was great. And then you hear them coming around. It's like, oh cool. You go there and it's like, isn't Blue-Eyed Stacall? And then some of the guys just flat out turned gay. Turned gay. Gay in the sense just, like what are you doing? I mean, Phil Collins. He was in Genesis obviously. He was rocking. He was a big one. He was rocking. But back then that was rock. I mean, when Genesis first started and Phil Collins first took the helm, they were doing some stuff. They were awesome. A lot of people would agree. And then slowly but surely Genesis got really, really wimpy as the albums kept coming out every two or three years. As the strip on his head got thinner and thinner. He's got to give up on that damn thing. It's over, Phil. It's over. It's like Stripe from Gremlins now. Yeah, it's over. That's all it is. He's holding on for dear life, but that thing is gone, man. Stripe on his head. The cute, the cute. What was that serial again? A Quist. A Quist, thank you. Yeah, it's time to get rid of the Quist look. Quist. And then he would do the solo albums and he was getting gayer and gayer and gayer. And now he's writing for Motion Pictures for DC Films. The Tarzan, Oscar winning Tarzan theme. You need an Oscar that bad? That you get an Oscar for, you know, writing a song for a Disney film? Well, I guess when... Don't you have any pride, man? You get some years under your belt like that, your outlook on things change. All of a sudden, like these rock guys, they don't care. You think like Billy Corrigan eventually is going to be... Yeah. Writing songs for Disney films? Dude, it won't be long. You'll be hearing CBS FM. It's the Smashing Pumpkins. Your favorite oldies. It'll be an oldie. Hey, CBS FM. Boy with butterfly wings. CBS. Pearl Jam. It's going to happen. Well, this discussion all started because The Who, now they're going out on tour again. They're playing PNC Arts Center July 1st, Jones Beach July 10th. But they're also doing a benefit that just pisses me off. They're charging $2,000 a ticket. It was cool when they used to kill themselves, you know, OD and stuff. You know? Because I guarantee if Jim Morrison was still alive, you'd be sad for the man. Right. Being an old guy spinning around on that frigging turntable stage at Westbury Music Fair. I'm dizzy. You know that it would be hard to. You know that I would... Ow, I'm going to puke. Stop the spinning. Come on baby, change my colostomy bag. Dave, I was going to make a good point here. Dave, what's up? Yeah, listen. These rock stars weren't supposed to live this long. I was watching Monterey Pop with my daughter, right? Which is a big film when I was a kid. Yeah. So Janis Joplin comes on and I say to my daughter, she's really great but she's dead. So who comes on and says, keep Moone, you know, he's a good man, he's dead. There's Otis Redding, he's dead. Wow, Jimi Hendrix, he died too. She's starting to think like, Jesus, maybe I should pick up skydiving without a parachute. But safer than being in the music business. Yeah. You know, it's... Our rock heroes weren't supposed to get old. No, we're supposed to remember them the way they were then. Well then go back to your houses or your castles that you bought in England or practice your god damn witchcraft, whatever you want to do. But just stay hidden. You know, yell it to your fans, man. It's like when you read about what the cream and the stars and the air, and the drugs and the crazy stuff they did, you get a contact high just reading about it. Yeah. You know, they weren't supposed to last this long. But now they need the money. All right, Dave, thank you. Okay, man. And a lot of people, they'll go see the Who. They're going to go, wow, you know, it's going to be like old times. Going to put on my Who t-shirt, my Who concert t-shirt. Check out this week's Moesha as Jimi Hendrix guest star as Moesha's granddad, you know. Tommy, can you hear me? Where's my god damn hearing aid? Tommy, can you see me? I can't do my cataracts. Tommy? Tommy? Tommy? Tommy? Tommy? Tommy? Tommy? Let me know, let me know, come on. Tommy, can you hear me? Can you feel me near you? Tommy? Tommy, can you see me? Can I help to cheer you? My prostate hurts. Tommy? Tommy? Tommy? Tommy? Tommy? Tommy? Tommy? Tommy? Tommy? Tommy, can you hear me? Let me know, let me know, come on. Can you feel me near you? It's over, man. It's over, man. It's over, Johnny, it's over. Let's go. Punch out Maverick. Let's go to Matt. Matt, what's going on? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey. A couple years ago, a friend of mine won tickets to see Frampton at Westbury. And, I mean, Frampton's alright, but the funny thing was the audience was like the 50 and 60 year old people dusting off the denim jacket with the painted Frampton on the back and the journey. And they're rocking away. And we were just like, man, what is with these people? And he had a good buzz on, so that made it alright. Yeah. But the fans were more funny in Frampton. He was alright. It's really kind of frightening, especially when a long time passes between the time where you see him a while ago and you see him now, which is like the Who. Oh, yeah. I saw the Who back in like the early 80s. And then I saw the Who a couple years back when they did the Quadrophenia Tour. And I walk in the place up in Boston and the audience is like, oh my God, I remember these were like, going to these concerts with my friends from high school would be like, you'd go out during lunch to Ticketmaster. Hey, did you get the tickets? And, you know, hand them out to everyone that gave you the money. And then you walk in there and it's like, oh, how did my friend's parents get in here? Oh my God. That's what it was like. It was like the parents in there also. And the chicks that still try to dress like they did back then? Exactly. Which is really bad. I mean, the guys are still in the Who t-shirt that they bought and it's all shillong and their bellies are hanging out. Yeah, the moths have been eating at it for the last ten years, there's holes all over it. But it's barely material anymore. But we're holding on to our youth. And the chicks are like trying to pull off that look and that ain't quite working. So they're cramming into the same miniskirt that they had on back then? Yeah, yeah. All right, man. Could you guys do me a favor? Yeah. Could you ask Earl what high school his invisible man went to? Because I think my invisible man knows him. All right. Well, last girl, thank you. All right. When I used to work in the hair salon... We got four broads outside the studio. Yeah. We just mic'd them. We just put a mic in there. Because during commercials we were going to the bathroom and the crap they're talking about, it's like, oh my God. If you could eavesdrop... I don't think they have a brain between them. On floor dancers. Listen to this, they're going to do a hot wax show a little later for us. Let's not deal with the wax thing down there. That's thick hair. And it comes off. It's not like you're mic-dabbing. How do you feel about this? I pluck it too. He shaves his balls. All right, he waxes his answer dogs. He shaves his balls? Oh, he shaves his balls. Oh my God. I like how he said he was holding them. I didn't even look at him, ball. That's great. Yeah, but you love the cover of that too. Oh my God. I don't know how much of that was on the air. They were like shaving balls and a-holes. All right, they're talking about shaving yam bags. They're talking about shaving blow-knots. All right, let's go back up. Hold on. That's sensitive. You've got to be careful. Because it's so thick. Oh my God, I did a banister party once. This is a banister. Oh my God, what a freak. He's like what? He's like, wait, wait, wait. He let them go like this. He let them go like this. We're going to go to the Van Halen too soon. I'm part of all this friends. We're coming out like crazy. But we could translate that. Penises. What are they talking about? I guess a guy that pulls his yam bag to make it look like bat wings and then proceeds to put his face near the yam bag. Anything you would do to an ice cream cone, let's just put it that way. To the yam bag. They have no clue that we have this hidden microphone. We can't get in. They can't go two seconds without saying something that we're probably getting dumped out of. Oh my God. No, we're not off dear. No, no. We still have a light over here, so we're still okay. We got some dump. Wait, they might be on to us. Are they on to us? They're still talking about licking yam bag. Don't say anything. Anthony, just say it. We'll know when they're done. I'm here. We're on our last leg as far as dump goes before the Van Halen song. He put his balls over it every time. Oh my God. Does she love saying that word? There's one girl that loves yam bags out there. That's all I can tell you. Oh my God. How many times has that word been used? A hundred. We're getting the uncut version of this and we'll be able to bleep it, right? Good. Like this. He's got... Well, I don't think that got through. Boy, if you ever wondered what strippers talk about when they're not dancing, damn it. Oh, phew. Well, that was something we couldn't put on the air. Let's try again. If you're listening, I'll say it right away. You're not. All right. I actually was the power of attorney on that one and dumped out. Yeah, they dumped out. They're discussing guys giving themselves oral. I think you could say that. Isn't that interesting? When we potted that up, I thought that we were going to talk about how the NAS was down 200 points today. But no, they're talking about yam bags and shweens and everything else. Penises, vaginas, butt sex. Yes. All right. Let's try this one more time. This candle looks really good though. I got a penis in my bag. Wait a minute. That's why I got the... I'm going to be like, I want to come. Well, Ateca, just put in one. I said, look, how big it is up. They're just talking about getting banged. It's amazing. All they talk about is banging and sucking and effing. I guess the one said she brought her own male member in her pocketbook. Yeah. I think this is working as long as we translate, no? Talk back again. It doesn't slap you in the face. And it can't cheat. That's right. And it don't cheat. Amen. Amen. That's the best thing. Hi, how are you? They're talking about vibrators and how they don't talk back to you and they don't cheat on you. Yeah. That's okay. I'll take it. I don't know. It just looks nice. She's making calculations. Take your number, buddy. I'll just take your number. Bye-bye, Dad. It's a long good-bye. What happened to Shannon? Shannon, what are you doing in the bathroom? Yeah, there's a couple of booze down. I don't know how they spell that. I can't fucking even... I can't. Fuck off. Fuck off. Fuck off. Fuck off. Fuck off. Fuck off. Fuck off. Fuck off. Fuck off. Fuck off. Fuck off. Fuck off. Fuck off. She's melting her lollipop. Penis. Penis. Yeah, she got lollipop. God damn it. I wish we could clean them up because it is hilarious. Yeah. Half this crap's not even getting in the air. Of course. No way, Jose. Go in the bathroom. You can hear everything. Are you kidding me? No. I want to hear what they're talking about. I want to know. Someone didn't turn down the bathtub. They might be saying terrible things about it. That's the question. I want to know more about that guy that did it that sucked himself. Dude, man. What was his name? Someone didn't turn down the monitor in the bathroom. One of the girls went into the bathroom and heard... Now they're on the... And then look at what she says. She's like, they're saying terrible things about you. What did we say? We didn't say anything. Didn't say anything. Listen with your ears, not your... All right. Ah, Frank, what's going on? What's going on, guys? Hey. Hey, that was the best private show on hold. Oh, yeah, because all the people on hold got to hear all the... Oh, cool. The show before it gets stopped. Cool. If you could figure out a way to bug the dressing room with privilege, that would be the best radio ever. Oh, without a doubt. What I want to talk about... Do you guys remember a band called Bachman Turner Overdrive? BTO! I saw BTO opening on the radio. I saw BTO opening on the radio. I saw BTO opening on the radio. I saw BTO opening on the radio. I saw BTO opening on the radio. I saw BTO opening on the radio. I saw BTO opening on the radio. Yeah. Oh. They waddled out on the stage. And they were just huge. You guys remember from when we were kids, the Guinness Book of World Records, the world's two fattest twins on the motorbike? Of course. That's what they look like trying to reach around. They grab the guitar with their stubby little fingers. Bachman Turner Overdrive. Yeah. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. And they're just huge. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I guess they thought they looked hip, but they just looked fat. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. I heard Brady's big mouth. That is so annoying. They've been talking about it forever. Really? I want to know if it's going to blow up. I know nothing about it. I don't care. I don't care. Giuliani does nothing for me. I know. I want to know if his parents would blow up yet. I don't care if Giuliani would blow up yet. The apologists too. Like they talk about it forever. Look, he's getting good now. He's an idiot. He closed down my favorite class. Pataki's cooler than Giuliani. I don't even know what Pataki does. I know the whole thing. That's so annoying. That's so annoying. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. I don't even know what Pataki does. It's all well and fine when you're standing there, you're sitting there in a club, you're putting dollar bills down the chi-string. It's all fine and dandy. When you get a gaggle of them babbling like that, I'm freaking disgusted. I want to vomit. What are they all screaming? Now you know what you're paying for. Now you know what you're paying for when you go to the strip club. You're paying for them to shut the F up. To take your clothes off, dance and don't friggin' open your yaps. God damn. Like I'm getting all pissed listening to them. I'm getting worked up. Like every time they curse I'm like would you stop cursing you little friggin' idiots. God. Would you have a fantasy bringing one of these home and marrying them? What a coon knot. The tits are the most sensitive part. That's right. Shut up! They're all know-it-alls about everything. You ever notice that? Every time you have time they know everything. Damn, we're all travelers. God damn. I think we're just entertaining ourselves because they're dumping out every single line that they're saying out there. We're getting close. All they're talking about is like just sucking this, sucking that. It's funny. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. Can I read them? That's five. Wait a minute. I have to read the directions. I'm sorry. It's probably... Ask the question. We're doing an X-rated trivia. The revealing game to bear fact. Shuffle cards and place an apply with answers facing down. It's going to take a week. You just roll the dice to see which play goes first. Wow, it can read. Okay, I had to read that. I'm sorry. You know, I'm enjoying it. What can I tell you? Oh, God. We have to pick all these cards. All right, let's go. All right. We'll do it. Here. They're playing a game. Erotic, trivial pursuit. Yeah, trivial pursuit or something. Just rake all the cards up. Put all the answers up on the line. Put all the answers on one side and the ques- 39 seconds. 39 seconds. I can't talk. I have a C in my mouth. Wonderful. Wonderful. Can we leave you with the sounds of a C in the mouth? Wow. I didn't know. Slappy. I like the structure. Okay. Okay. Okay. We don't have to fill it up. Life support system for the badge. It's got to eat. It's got to breathe. Extra version of the view. This is the view. This is the extra version of the view. Yeah, just like it. What's this? What are these? More questions. Okay. Okay. Here we go. They have no clue where the list is. Who's going to go first? You should read them. Yeah, you should read them. You're the guy. Let him read them. You are the guy, right? You should read them. You made it to the fifth grade. Hold on a minute. Hold on a minute. Hold on. We've got to hit old questions more organized so you can ask them. All right. Yeah. We'll just do a couple. Okay. That was just a cool game. It's really cool. I figured I'd bring it in. When they're bored they can like- Okay. X-rated trivia. Oh, thank you. That'll get the ratings up. Okay. Okay, go ahead. Okay. What's the- What was the good answer? One more answer. One more answer. Okay. Is this any question? All right. What object is known to be the oldest sexual device? Dildo. Dildo. Finger. I got it first. Dildo is the oldest sexual device. I have to debate that. Wait. Can you go to the front? I kind of know why you were right. Because the finger. Finger. Now they're going to debate the issue. Finger. Finger. They're going to debate the issue. Wait a minute. Are we having trivia discussion after this? We're debating. We're playing trivia discussion after this. I can't remember too much. I banged my head on the pole last night. We got a next question. Next question. WC Fields used to refer to a woman with a doubtful reputation as a... Say it again. WC Fields. Oh, yeah. WC Fields used to refer to a woman with a doubtful reputation as a... Wait, wait. Don't answer yet. A, lollipop, B, gumdrop, C, popsicle or D, sucker. I say gumdrop. I say lollipop. A. What is it? It's gumdrop. Oh, who knew that? It said healthy, lusty sex is wonderful. A, John Davidson, B, John Denver or C, John Wayne. Can't be John Wayne. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. WC Fields. WC Fields. A. In China a man may not apply for a divorce if his wife is pregnant. True or false? True. Try it. A. Try it. Yes! I think they know that. Wow. 50-50 shot. Wow, they're ready for who wants to be a millionaire. This is jeopardy. You gotta speak up. Speak up, honey. I can't hear you. 1946. More cursing. Ah. Well, we went pretty long without them cursing. Yeah. Where's the Van Halen music when we need it? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Wow. Their own mercy. Torture. This is torture. By their own mercy. Acrobatic. Acrobatic. Acrobatic. I don't know something about nepheliac. Nepheliac. I had that. I got a Michael in acrobat. Little sasinado. Okay. Next question. I don't know what that was. Nepheliac. Hello? Nepheliac. No, wait. There's something like that. I don't know what that is. Well, it's a bit of a... The giant values more in size than penis truffles. True. Be a whore. Gelman. I want whores, Gelman. All right. Well, that's enough of that. Ugh. Wow, that's pretty brutal. Put one of them on the hot seat. They used to sit on the hot meat. You're looking at the answers already? That's not fair. Come on, read it. It is against the law for animals to copulate in public in Stanfield, Oregon. What does copulate mean? What the hell do I know? Nothing. Because they don't read it. The list of all those shows I've seen spots in New York and it says copulate me. Why are you looking at me like that? I didn't know. Do you want the answer? Yes. It's against the law. How are the animals going to know that kids from the animals have a problem? And the father thing the daughter is. Oh, God damn it. Ugh. We're getting some instant feedback. Yeah. Guilty, stupid, ignorant, disgusting, repulsive animals. Who wants to be a dumb whore? Goodbye, boner. One girl laughs like the chick from the nanny. Yeah. That stupid bitch sounds like Chandler Bing's old girlfriend. Chandler. We've got to move on. People are hating this. There you go. You know something? We like to tear away the walls, the curtains, the mystique of the stripper. Any guy out there would probably be like, wouldn't it be cool to backstage at a strip club or in a room full of strippers and hear what they talk about? I bet it's hot. I bet it's... No. You know what it is? Nothing. It's this. I got one. The testicles can increase in size about 100 percent. Sure or false? Testicles? I don't think testicles are false. The girl got it right. And you got one. What? No. See? That's what you're going to get. That's what you're getting. Not talk about frilly lingerie and nice evenings of sex. Not anything. Not anything. I swear to God, I've had discussions with Sea Urchin that have been more compelling. A female cannot have an erection pool. So they don't know this is a man writing these questions. Wait a minute. No, I thought I got small because it hurts. No, it's because you're... Holy mother of God. I thought it got small because it hurts. You know... Anne, explain that one because I don't know if that made it, man. She thought when the most sensitive portion of the woman's genitalia got swollen, it was because it was sore because she was with a guy that was so big. It's a wrap. Anyway, okay. Next question. Next question. Wait. Hold on. I got one. Hold it. What's my name? Hold on. This is a tough one. A virgin coke is... Excuse me. Excuse me. Okay, okay. Excuse me. A virgin coke is... A what? A virgin coke is... A virgin coke? Coca-Cola. Coke. C-O-K-E. Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola. Coca-Cola. C-O-K-E. I don't know what it is. I think Coke-Cola. I don't know how that is. It's a Coke with cherry juice. Oh. Oh, man. Boom. It just never ends. Go ahead. Do you have any ideas? Oh, no. Look. Your lollipop is smaller than mine. That's because I fit the top of it. Look at mine. Never now. Never now. Come on. What are you doing? It's like a stacking device. You can go through two things. She can go through even half of it. Imagine going through life like this. Imagine going through life like this. Imagine going through life like this. Imagine going through life like this. Imagine going through life like this. Imagine the... You know something, though? Come on. There's no mirror in the middle of it. No, you can read them. Go ahead. The bliss that it must be, skipping through life with your shoelaces untied. What happened to the mail race? The pleasure, the happiness. The more natural it is, the closer it is. Well, it's small. How could it be? Well, they can't do a split. Wait. When the scrotum is cold, it A, hangs loosely, B, pulls the testicles closer to the body, C, contracts, or D, two of the above? B, B, B, two. And the reaction is when you're talking. B, B, B, is warm. It's D. Oh, gosh. He didn't even know that. The second technical question he can't answer. When the strippers are talking, the penis, A, retracts into the body like a tortoise head. Stop the choices. It's A. You read it. I like the answer. Even though I can't answer anything. Go ahead. Please read his nervous note. Come on. Read. He's standing here. You read, babe. They're not nervous. Oh, my God. There might not be a brain cell between them. You can't read the words? Oh, that frigging laugh. I'm going to need Archie in my room. I see. Do you use your tongue pretty or in a $20 whore? I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. I'm still here. That's what it says. Enjoy this procedure. A, Hayden O'Neill was 11 years old when she played a 13-year-old prostitute in the movie, Pretty Baby. What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? What the hell? Read the question. She cannot even read the effing question card. Let's see. If we play who wants to be a prostitute, we can do it. All right. Well, here we go. Well, here we go. Un-effing-believable. We can't have that word. You know what's weird? This is like train wreck radio at its best, but I can't go to commercial because it's so f***ed up. I know. I know. I want to listen too. I'm insane. Trust me. We know this sucks. It's not funny. There's nothing to it, but there's something about it. I can't get away from this. Jonathan from Brooklyn asking, are you playing Let's Make the Listeners Cry? Okay. Horrific. From Eddie and Hicksville. After hearing this, I'm going to go on a stripper killing spree. You know, it makes you get a little sympathy for that guy out on Long Island. What was his name? Joel. Joel Rifkin. Sure, Joel. Maybe you just spoke of him a few times. I cannot peel myself away from this. I'm sorry. I know this sucks. Please turn the key. Please, please turn the key. The new Fox show and stripper's brains attack. People chiming in. Okay, all right. Maybe we get on the end. They're still on the same word. No, we can't. We pod them up and they're using the J word. They're using the J word. It rhymes with the reflective glass thing, a prism. Right. Only it's meant for the male stuff. Ah, add a dump. We're at a dump. We're at a dump. We're at a dump. We're just popping that magic word on the J word. Ponderous, effing ponderous. Casey Case, I'm checking in, hoping. It's, it's, we. I can hear it through the door. These chicks make spaz look like a rocket's flying up his. Have black girl talk to these chicks and then commit suicide. What's going on? That's not true. Let us from here. All right. Three. True. Why? Why is it true? They're on birth control. Oh, that's what? They're calling other girls spots. That's a pot calling the kettle a pot. We're a free country. All right. Wait, pick an interesting one. Making love. Oh, no. Expend more calories than playing golf. True or false? Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Two, three, four. One, two, three, four or hump, hump, hump. Yes, yes, yes. I think having good answers. Some tells me that's not the only clap going on out there. I was right. I mean, thank you. That's one more camera. OK. They're on the feud. Good answer. They're supporting each other. I'll play the back nine. All right. What is? She got hit between the first and second hole. Golfing, OK. Is that a conscious thing? Consciousness. Is that a Grammy? God, I want to vomit. It's like monogamy. OK, what is it? Cheating? Maybe? Cheating? Hose bag. Hose bags. Wait a minute. This is where these questions are. I hate this. I hate this. These questions are. This is like some spooky action. No, you paid me. True, true. Come on, come on. My nipples. My nipples are here. So that helps them stay. That's a good way to go through the question is to sort it out. Right. Oh, good. Now they're dealing with how to answer a question. Sort it out. Oh, my. What? Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. Oh, my. We're out? I never knew. Don's panicking in the dump room. I don't blame him today. I really, really never knew. We were seconds away from the Van Halen song. I'm here. How much brain damage semen causes? Who knew? Oh, brother. Well, I hope that was kind of entertaining. They have a combined IQ of a rotten log coming from that in my place. I got it now. He's down to that one. Yeah, we got it. We dumped down to that one, John. I know it. Wow. Un-effing-believable. You know what? There's going to come a time. Delays back up. There's going to come a time, right, where they're not going to be able to make money off the bods anymore. It happens to all strippers. What the eff are these girls going to do? Please, someone tell me. They're certainly not going to drive over to IBM and put in an application as a programmer. We have no problem with that. All right, listen to this one. Jockage is a fungus. True or false? True. Yeah, and sometimes it gets on my cheeks. Wait a minute. Orgasm release menstrual cramps. Yes, true. Yes, it does. They tell you to masturbate. The dermatologist. The dermatologist. He goes to a dermatologist. What the hell is going on down there? You've got to go to a dermatologist. A dermatologist says, oh my God. Common sense and brains and responsibility and whatever else it needed to push a button. Then all these girls put together. Are we back to the shaving the ass thing? We're not back there. You're paying them to shut up when you go to the clubs. Here's a buck. Shut up. Shut the F up. Why do you think some of the guys like give a five? Here it is. No, I don't even want to hear a word out of you. Breathe through your nose. I don't even want to see your lips part. I think we're making a lot of ladies out there happy today. Yeah. This is breaking down the walls. D1, D5, D7 or D10? Five minutes. Five minutes. I go for the one minute. It's a lot of them. No wonder whenever they find a dead strip is they got their mouth duct tape shut. No, what? What? I'm just saying. It opens up a whole new outlook. Ross wants to know if this is the Slotsburg town council. What are their meetings? Oh my God, I think I'm turning gay. Where's Marco? Show me retard. Yes, girls. Make them look at me. Kimber! Kimber! Come on. Come on. Oh, yes, I told you it was getting over with. Baby, awesome. Thank you very much. Thank you. I can do it better. Just give me some time. I can do it better. She's got to get a creeper. I got an idea. How about... Yeah, they've got to fake it. ...all of you want to play Corrigato right now. Who wants to go first? You go first. Raney! Raney! Raney! Raney! Raney! Raney! Raney! Raney! Raney! Raney! Raney! Raney! Raney! We're out of dough. At least we are. I don't know if John's down the hall. He's probably going to come back looking like Pete Townsend after today. He's going to look like Moses when he came down the mountain. His hair's all white. He's just in shock. His fingers are in a cast. He's going to walk down the hall looking like Mr. Clean. He's going to have no hair left. I should have hit the fan. I did not. I tried. I don't know how much was built up. We ran out of delay. Yeah, we were totally out of delay at that point. Don't turn back up. Poor John. Look at him. They're telling us we're back on the air. We got to Maydale. We got to Maydale. We still don't have any dump up here. We have no dump left. John isn't back there yet. We have no dump. Holy smoke! I just heard one of them say, F this or F and F F. I hear Van Halen come popping up. John came running in here and curled up in the corner in the fetal position. Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? Ready? No, no, no. I don't have any dump up. I got a feeling. You know, I got to get in the mood. Ready? Oh, yes! Turn it down. Oh, yes! Whoa, whoa, whoa! It's my turn. I don't want to hear a guy. No. We've got to take a break, Anthony. That was train wreck radio in its best. We've got the unedited version of that. We're going to have to give that to Steve or somebody because that is hilarious. Are we even going to do the wax now at this point? I'll tell you the truth. I would just like to use a blowtorch at this point. We just used a blowtorch. That's so funny. All the time. I have to have my toes in front. Okay, next question. I need a cigarette now. Wait, according to some psychologists, masturbation is addictive. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, it is. Okay, ready? Anything interesting? Okay, I'm trying to find something. Interesting, please. Wait a minute. Prostitution is legal and encouraging mainland China. True. True. I don't know that. You sure? China is false. It's false because China, I believe, is right near Chicago and they don't allow that. Prostitution is the first known transsexual. What? We have to know. No, wasn't it from the movie Rocky Horror Pictures? No, that's Tim Curry. No, that's really... It's Christine Jorgensen. Who's that? Exactly who I was thinking of. Oh, God. Let me just remember that. That's on TV. The first transsexual. Transsexual. Real transsexual. Transsexual. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're not being sexual. You're not cool. I don't know what I mean. I don't know what I mean. I don't think they meant the movie. Did they mean the movie? You know, when your whole world is sex and sexually oriented stuff like stripping and effing and putting things where the sun don't shine, wouldn't you think you'd be knowledgeable about that? They're not playing rocket science trivial pursuit. They're not playing auto mechanic trivial pursuit. They're playing sex trivia. I hear they're going to be using this in the new commercial for Iona Collins. President Harding had a quickie. Harding? President Harding had a quickie in one room of the White House. A, the oval room. Toilet. I say the oval room. I say the oval room. The room where people want sex. D, the closet. The room in the closet. The room in the closet. The room in the closet. The room in the closet. This office is the oval room. This is the oval office. You effing fool. I'm giving up strip clubs, man. It's really, you know something? I'm giving up. It's really disgusting me. All right, listen, we got to take a break. Yeah, we certainly do. We should have 20 minutes ago, but this is too good. It's too good. I know. Like I want to go listen to more. It doesn't matter how bad it is. I got to listen. Yeah. It's like going to the zoo and sitting in front of the monkey house. We're getting, we're getting emails going crazy. Are they throwing feces at each other in between? That's a question. People saying spaz is smarter. Put a mic in front of four chia pets. All right, we got to take a break. We're so late. It's not even funny. All right. We'll be back with something. Stay there. Oh, we had Anthony more stupid. He is on the way. Anthony Stacker to the world's strongest. Yes, it works. Yes. Thousands of our listeners have tried it and they're very happy with the results. Why are they happy with the results, Anthony? Well, Opie, it does three things. It burns the fat. It cuts down on the cravings to snack during the day and it gives you boost energy. So you'll be losing weight in no time. Any of that nasty fat buildup you have in your skull, that'll be gone with the stacker two. You feel 45 minutes after taking it, you'll feel its effects. Stacker two, give them a call. One eight hundred light line. One eight hundred L I T E L I N E or visit their website www.stacker two.com. There you have it. Stacker two, the world's strongest fat burner. Our listeners have proven it works. Give them a call. One eight hundred light line. You'll love Paisano. Yeah, Paisano, Mulberry Street right there in Little Italy. Our pal Joey running the place. The romance of Italy right there. Right there on Mulberry Street. I wonder if our pal Joey is proud of us today and the fine radio that we've been giving everyone today. Not only proud of us, Opie, but I think he left a message. Please, please bring these girls down to Paisano tonight. Yes. He wants to model his latest meatball after them. They're great down there, Paisano. Incredible, incredible portions they give you. Huge. Check out their pasta lunch specials too. Don't forget about that every day. Authentic Italian cuisine made from original old world Italian recipes and priced right. Very reasonable. Don't you turn them up again. Don't you do it. Ask for Joey, the owner. You got a glass of wine in the house. What's that? Maybe India or something. Come on, how original. Wow. Oh, very nice. Thank you. You didn't know that, people. Open seven days a week, weekends until 2 a.m. to 2. Yeah, 2 a.m. and open on Friday and Saturdays, of course. Go down there, Paisano and Mulberry Street right in the heart of Little Italy. Give them a call. 965-1188. 965-1188. Make your reservation for Paisano and Mulberry Street. I knew it. Oh my God. I can't take it. You never showed? I thought he was going to come. We're almost out. Vaginas. We're almost out. Vaginas. What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? What's this? God, thanks. You know, I think this is the most entertaining show we've done. I'm reading the instant feedback. I can't count the amount of people that are so happy to hear that Van Halen song. All right. We'll be back. Stay there. What a day we're having, huh? Everybody wants us to turn up the pot again, Anthony. Oh my God. No, Matt from White Plains says, please stop, I don't have any heroin left. It is like freaking out. Another guy says, when are you going to drip the wax? I want you to drip wax on their filthiest of holes. And then he says their mouths. What? Oh! We don't have filthy holes. Who turned the goddamn speakers up? Hey, can you ladies hear us out there? Hey girls, you hear us? Hey ladies. Ladies. Ladies. Ladies. No, now they shut it off. Turn on the monitor. Who turned it up in the first place? Who? No stinky. If stinky turned it up, we will smack him in the face. Turn up the monitor. He loses 80,000 points. Why, they afraid of us? No, you ladies can come in here. Come on in. Come in, ladies. Yeah. We're going in there? We're going in there? They still can see us. Hey, look who's in the studio, by the way. Yeah. Mike Torry. Yup. Joe Sugg. Is your father proud of you today? I'm not saying a word. Did you hold the championship ring? Yeah. Did you hold the Yankee championship ring? World Series ring. Even though I'm a MetFan, Mike, but I hope you didn't mind that I got to check out your ring there. Not at all. Alright. Hi ladies. Girls. Sorry to make you wait so long. How you doing? Hey Kevin, move out of the way because that mic doesn't work. Sorry to make you wait. We were waiting for the Sky Rider guy. Yeah. What were you guys doing out there in the... We were playing X-rated trivia. X-rated trivia. Was it fun? Yeah, it was. It was fun. It was fun. It was fun. It was fun. It was fun. It was fun. It was fun. Who won? Who was like the best? I won. You won? I'm the best. I'm the best. I'm the most... Oh really? Thank you. Alright, you guys gotta talk... No I don't. Alright, you gotta talk in a microphone. Wow, your nips are pierced. Can I see that? That was easy. What is that? What is that? They're stuck. No, is that... We don't like to talk about that. What, you got a tattoo? Yeah. It's so... Well, what's the matter? What's the matter? What's wrong? We don't like to talk about that. Old boyfriend? We won't talk... Uh oh. It's okay. You know why it's okay? Because no one knows, first of all, who you are, what the tat is. It's being removed. We won't say it. Let's just take a look. It's nothing. Well, let's see. You can't make it out. We gotta see. We gotta see. Alright, hold on. Wait, something's in the way. Let's look at Shazam. Shazam, yeah. That is interesting. I have no clue what that was. What was it? What that was supposed to be. I can't even... What is it? It looks like a dagger. Guaranteed, it was... You were about five or six fingers into the Jack Daniels bottle when you got that one, right? You had a... You had a thing. Had a thing. Do you guys want to get hot wax? I do. Yeah? It looked like the guy was cleaning his ink gun on you. What is that? He's never had a gun before. You've never had the hot wax ripped on you before? No. That's pretty fun. Well, you ladies want to get naked? Okay. Alright. Yeah, we're kind of running out of time here. Quickly, we're going to have to do this really fast so we can't... We have to dispose of the foreplay and just say, get the goddamn clothes off. Yeah, if Joe Tory's listening, your son left the studio. He's not here. He left a long time ago. Yeah, he did leave. Look how professional he looks and stuff. Look at the suit and everything. Goddamn that Yankee organization. He's still about to leave. He's left. He left when he was in here. You know? The suit, the nice tailored suit, the tie. We're like swabs. You've got to love the Yankee organization, man. Are you getting an ink in the water? Oh, my God. You? Be the kid. All the blue tarps out there. Alright, well... That's where we wrap the bodies up after we slam them up ahead of a speed shower. Over. Oh, look at that. She's got little wows all over it, I think. That's cute. Wow. Not bad. All of a sudden, things are getting a little better here. Oh, it's not as bad as it was. Wow. Women, when I saw you, I said, us guys are hysterical. I figured that this would be an official wowing. Yes, this is an official wowing, Trish. Oh, it's not as annoying as it was. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. This is not a lot better than that nudity I'm going through every time. I'm not as angry as I was. I still need a light. Yeah? Alright, once you ladies get really naked outside, you get completely naked, get on the tarp. We'll be out there with a couple of mics. Yeah, roll around a little bit. Get all warmed up, okay? There we go, the lovely ladies. Man. Try to keep that... What is that? That talking stuff to a minimum. Yeah, please. Don't talk. Isn't it funny how all of a sudden things melted away? It wasn't a sad anymore when they were taking me clothes off. My headache went away. I totally forgot about like 80 of the things that were annoying me just minutes earlier. Oh, wow. Alright, do we have a mic out there? Alright, we're ready to go. We're just going to plug them in because we're ready to go out there. Well, we can do a quick round of what did we learn as we head out to... To pour hot wax all over. Yeah. Kelly, is that the kind of stuff you just got to contend with on a daily basis? What's up? I'm a god. I'm a ghost. I'm ashamed on behalf of all women. You are ashamed? I'm so ashamed. Yeah. This is terrible. I learned that there's a mcglocking group for ghosts. Mcglocking? And I also learned there's no talk of maim in the over room. In the over room, right? Yeah, the over room. And don't forget, what does every dermatologist say? Masturbate during the cramps. Masturbate during the cramps. Oh yeah, that's right. Ask any dermatologist. It will leave the pain with you there. I have an idea you guys. Well, first you got to go to your gynecologist to get some strident. I have an idea. Yeah. Can we hot wax your lips for the stuff to hold on? Oh, well. Waxing lips after she got here. Thank you, Cal. Alright, let's go. Alright. Uh, blind Dave, what's up, man? Nah, that's getting old. Just stay with us. Poor blind Dave. Think of this guy's life. He'd go to see strippers. You can't see them, but he can hear them. I'd rather be deaf Dave. Well, today I would have rather been deaf Dave. Deaf Dave. I learned strippers can help the brain. God wished upon a flea. And if I could have found a window, I would have jumped out of it. Okay, over and out, Dom. Alright, thank you, Dave. Mike, you're next on ADW. How are you? Guys, listen up. I have a suggestion. Make sure when you wax them that you have enough wax to cover all over their body so you can taste them like Han Solo and you can taste right back there. I can taste that face. Where the fuck? Like welcome to... Make them look like that with the same face, like all tamed and everything. You know that, it's not an invisible man going in there and slaps his crap out of them. Alright, thanks. Thank God. Are they ready? They're not naked. I've never seen a group of people so angry with strippers before in my life. You're not naked. Get naked. Thank you. Doug, what's going on? Lose the panties, I hear Rick yell. Doug, what's going on? Guys, how are you? Good. You convinced me that strippers are an argument for abortion. Oh my God. Next time I go, I'm going to put on the dollar bills, stay in school. Alright, very good. Stay in school. Thank you. Bye. Let's go to John real fast. John, you're next on NAW. Johnny. Hey guys, what's up? Hey. I learned that being your dumb guy also burns more calories than playing golf. True, man. He was sweating pretty good back there. Sweet dreams, precious. Next time I go to the strip club with everybody, I will put in one of those matchbooks where it says draw a binky so maybe they can get an art career, something going, because it draws a turtle, draw a binky. Tommy, turn your radio down, Tommy. Turn that radio down there, pal. No, I got no radio on. What do you got your home spots in there? Listen to me. You guys listen to me. I spent $8,000 on a, listen, I spent $8,000 a week on strippers and I want a refund. You hear me? You hear me? We hear you, Tommy. Listen to me. You ruin the entire fantasy. All right, thank you. I want precious. All right, bye. Look, can we go out there? I guess we got mics set up and everything. Oh my God. My IQ is dropping faster than the NASDAQ. Too bad Joe Torre's son is going to miss this. He picked the wrong time to leave the show. All right. Here we are out in the Solomon Gamora land. All right, the blue talk, well, that's a very little blue talk. That's like a mini blue talk. It's a little picnic thing that you spread out over there. Very good. Jesus Christ, don't you? All the girls are naked. How lovely. She's not naked. She's got to take her clothes off. What were you saying? They're all yelling at each other for not being totally naked. She has to take her clothes off. She's got her clothes on. We're all naked. We're all naked. That's not fair. Take your clothes off. Yeah. Wow. Remember when we used to be all sensitive. You need a light? I got your light. Here you go. Here you go. You're going to molotov cocktails. That's a lot of anhylite. All right, so we need like two ladies to drip the wax and two ladies to receive the wax. Shannon, the hot Shannon. God, this has been ruined. All right, we got to, we got to. She's never had a son before. Radiant never had a son before. That's all right. Okay. Mike, who's got the field mic? Hold on, hold on ladies. We're setting up the spaz cam. We're setting up the spaz cam. Are we getting some pictures of the ladies? Okay. Nice. Two girls laying on the tarp, Opie. Whoa, you didn't like, you didn't mow the lawn before you got here. No, like by the lawn. You got Fred. You got Fred Flintstone face. Fred Flintstone mouth. Fred Flintstone mouth. Oh, you're going to say it on the air? All right, so the lovely Shannon. What's your name? Tattoo girl? CJ. CJ, okay. I like that. Yeah, you can start tripping. Oh, it's too high. Up, up, up high. You can even trip it. Don't worry. Here we go. Ah! That hurt. It did hurt. You had to go out and do it. Oh! See? And look how high she is. That hurt. Owls? We're amateurs. This is the most fun I've ever had. How am I trying for that? You going for my kiki? Oh, I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. I'm going to try it. Oh, my God. She's going for the kiki, oh baby. That's obedience, isn't it? Oh, that hurt. Aim for it. Yeah, start tripping. Oh! Don't you girls know how to make a candy trip? Oh! It doesn't hurt. It doesn't hurt. Anymore. Oh, wait. This is too high. Pilot the Bombardier. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, that kind of feels good. Oh, you like that? Yes, I do. Oh, there you go. She can't get the... The ones dripping. Mine's dripping out. Oh, okay. Oh, that was the nipple. Wow, she's dripping it all over. Oh, my God. Oh, the bomb is dead. She had a decent taste. It's pretty still in there. That doesn't feel bad. I think I like that. Turn over. Oh, that's great. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, that's so... Oh, yeah. I'm not burning my ass, no. That's too scary to me. Come on. That's all right. Yes. All right, flip over, flip over. Let's go for the... Hey, does someone have bedbreds in this room? I have bedbreds. You're not burning my thing. Ow, ow. That hurts. No, that hurts. I knew that. You cheated. Oh, shit. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, Shannen. Go, baby, go. Ow, it's... You know what? Now it's your turn. What is that? It's... You guys. It feels like balloon nuts stuck together. But my knot is not strong. My guy, away in there for me. Right in there. No, my God. Anyone have a hatchet? I'm not gonna say it this time. Oh, my God. Shannen, you're closing my knot. Of course, my God. All right, get both candles dripping on. On the fire. A gang-candling lady. Jeez, man. Whoa, she's like, she's grabbing the tent and everything. Oh, she's being hammered. I see a dermatologist. Easy. Oh, easy. Oh, easy. Oh, easy. Oh, way. Oh, wow. Oh, woo. Oh, woo. Oh, woo. I love the feeling. Oh, God, oh, yeah. How does that feel? Oh, my. My balloon nuts start to get loose. Look at this. Look at that. Oh. Wow. Bullseye. Total bullseye. How do you get this off? Well, I'm sure. How do you get this thing off? All right, hold on. Film Mike. Oh, my. Wait, I want the fire. Wow. Hey, move again. Wow. All right. There I am. Oh, I feel that. Yeah? Now the girls are switching positions. The girls are getting relaxed. I'm a little bit higher. Hey, you got to go higher. Oh, man. It looks like Edward G. Oh, man. Higher, higher, higher. That is skin, you know. I feel like I'm going back to Bernie. OK, let's go back to the field. Let's get back to the pad. OK, this isn't fun anymore. I'm completely just like turned off at this point. I think I think I'm going to go gay. Yeah. Yeah. I'm looking for a guy that could. What was that? What was that aroma? But there's something about the aroma I recognize. That's dog food, Brandon. Mr. Marshal, you got to try this. All right, tell the ladies to continue because people are watching on the scads. Yeah, just tell them to keep going. Chris, what's going on? How are you, Chris? We only have a few minutes left here. I learned why they play the music so loud at the strip club. Bravo. Very good, right? At the strip club. Bravo. Bravo. Very good, right? At syndication.com, guys. All right. Oh, you hear them in there? Is there a mic in there that we can go to at any point? Yeah, I think so. Timmy. Hey, guys. What's up? I learned that there's going to be a new kind of special effects. Super trivia. Very good, man. Hey, it's good syndication. I hear you're fine. Hi, guys. Hey, tell them to come first. How are you? Good. I learned that I've been seeing your own doctor all this time. I must have been seeing a dermatologist instead. What's going on, Dave? I know. Tell the ladies, thank you very much. All right, thank you. A lot of people checking in will be saying that the reason the pilot didn't show up today is he heard the strippers and flew his plane into a building. Oh. Polly, what's going on? Hey, what's up, president? Hey, how are you, Polly? Yeah, I finally learned why Earl had so much trouble getting to all the wilds like this. The sperm causes brain damage. Oh, Jesus. Thank you, Polly. I got syndication when the stripper gets his VED. Let's go to AJ. AJ, what did you learn on the show today? What I learned today was that Mike Corey is the invisible man. Yeah, I think you're right. This is the case yesterday. All right, bye. Bye. No, Joe's listening. Your son left a long time ago. Yeah. I believe he left right after that intelligent break about Giuliani and his intending separation. Right. He's correct, man. All for now. Why don't you open the air thing? This is all for them. All for them. Please take it back. No, no, no. Anybody else? Yeah, ladies, you're still on. All right, let's... I love Mike. All right, who's going to give the plugs for the fine ladies that entertain us today? I have wax on my hands. Yeah, you can have your Kiki go to whack a key while you're on. Well, when they're not dancing, they are performing brain surgery over at Cedar Mountain. All right, listen, we got to get the plugs out of the way. We got to get the hell out of here. Kiki is working for NASA. Ed, what's going on? Hey, Owen, Ed, what's up? You learned something today? Yeah, I learned that a penis a day makes your brain go away. Penises. Thanks, guys. All right, Ed, thank you. Me and my brother are just dying in the car right now. I hung up on Ed, man. Sorry. Get the naked ladies in here. Let them get their plugs in because we got to get off the air. Yeah. The invisible man is leaving the studio. See you soon. Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on, come on. Come on, come on, come on. All right. Are the ladies coming in for their plugs? We got to get off the air. Yeah, let's get their plugs. Come on, you waxy brain surgeon. Jen, get them on that mic one at a time. Give your plug. The lovely ladies. Yeah, here they come. Here, get on that mic and give the plug. Hi, I'm Rainey. Do you want to see us? You got to call Misty Haven at 516-797-000. Go ahead. You, you, you. You're next. I'm Jenny Day. I work with Rainey at Misty Haven. You can see us down there. Are you guys dancing tonight? No. No? On the weekends, usually on the weekends. You do bachelor parties and stuff. All right. Shannon, do you want to give a plug? Hey, this is Shannon the Kiki Girl. You can see me at Hotshannon.com. Hotshannon.com. There you go. Try for not least the lovely Trish. Well, maybe one of the girls can help you out. Yeah, let me see that. Let me see. I made an improvement. All right, you got a plug. On this mess, get on that mic. Get on that mic. Look at that, wow, baby, that's beautiful. Yes, of course. We're going to make more of them. We'll put them all over the beach. Really? That would be cool. Your kids aren't snacking on the bean chips. No? Okay, I'm just wondering. Good, the candy ones. Sure. All right, so do you have a plug, Trish? Actually, I'm going to be coming out on the calendar for next year. Right on. We look forward to your next year. All right, sorry we made you wait so long. I don't mind. I'm just happy you called my lab. I'm looking forward to get all the lab ones out there. All right, cool, very good. Education underground. Look at that. Education underground. Yes, yes, okay. Mama's coming home. I'm moving back in with Mom. I can't handle it anymore. You know something? I think I need to look into my personal relationship with Jesus Christ. I'm seriously considering that. I'm serious. I think I have been away from Christ the Lord for too long. And I think it's time that I come home to Jesus. So, Opie, it's over. Goodbye. I'm going to go on some religious programs. All right, you guys, thanks for making us laugh today. Half the stuff we couldn't even read. I'll need some feedback. We're cracking up. Don't think it's going to waste when you send an instant feedback in. You had a famous commercial. This is coming out in next month's Reader's Guide to I Am Jack's Limb Shlong. Eric, I think you're the last call of the day. What's going on? Eric? He's listening to his radio. Eric, you're on? Shimmer! Eric, Eric, Eric, Eric. Shimmer! Buddy? Oh, boy. Buddy? Eric, are you a stripper? Yes. Eric? Yes. You're the last call of the day. What do you got? The dead grandma naked, the wifey stripper stripped. I'm about to cross the rabbit holes and causeway brisk, and I think I'm going to make a right-hand turn. All right, thank you, Eric. All right, let's get that out of here. Okay, brother. That camera's off-line. That's it. All right, well, we had fun today. Once again, accomplishing absolutely nothing on this fine radio show of ours. I think we were counterproductive today. Yeah, I think so. We'll see you guys tomorrow too. Eric, you're wacky. I'm a little blaster. Are you masking me naked? Overload. Pleasure overload. Oh, it's my KK now. Anthony Fidelity Diamond. Yes, yes. Are you thinking of getting engaged? Maybe you found the right girl, one that can speak in complete sentences, one that can carry on a conversation with you. You're compelled with. You know, after today's show, Anthony, I think I'm going to reconsider it. I think I'm going to at least put it in the realm of possibilities once again. Opie, what's more intelligent than a straight? A diamond from Fidelity. A diamond from Fidelity Diamond is like the. A circus, yeah. It's just there, more straight. It doesn't have a brain in it. It's the best bond. You don't know anything about diamonds, do you? No, but you know what, after listening to Stripper for the last two hours. Fidelity Diamond, I'm getting one of those fake ones. They're not going to know the difference. Well, if you're going to marry a stripper, that might not be the case. But if you're marrying that sweet, perfect-sex box, then you know. But if you're marrying that sweet girl, the girl you're in love with, you want to give her the best. That has the brain and that will know the difference between a fake and a real. All right, sure. They educate you. Put it this way, they're so good at educating you about diamonds. I bet we could send one of these strippers down to Com. And he will educate them to the point where they can come down here and give you an intelligent discussion about diamonds. I bet you. All right, well, people of normal intelligence. Don't push it because I've seen monkeys with more intelligence. You should see what I'm seeing through the door. Krisha's just bending over showing like her cheeky. Kiki? They're taking the last out of her Kiki. That's okay. They're like looking at the monkeys when they start throwing pieces at each other. They're just like there's nothing going on out there. Well, they educate you, Mopi, about your diamonds. One of the most important purchases you're probably making your life. Yeah. No one in the tri-state area more reputable than Fidelity Diamond. That's as far as buying a diamond. Do you want to sell one? Sell your unwanted diamonds? Turn them into instant cash? Fidelity has a diamond buying service. Sell diamonds after breakup, divorce, inheritance, or finding out how stupid your new stripper wife is. Grandma's diamonds, anything. Fidelity will offer you the area's highest price paid on the spot. Call right now. Call Com. President of Fidelity Diamond for a confidential appointment at 201-261-6555. That's 201-261-6555. Call Fidelity Diamond on Route 17 South in Paramus. Just minutes from Manhattan in Rockland County. Call them right now. Fidelity Diamond 201-261-6555. Tell them Mopi and Anthony sent you.