 Hello? I thought I'd inject a little intelligence into this conversation here. Yeah, there's no place on this show. I know that. O.P. and Anthony, more stupidity on the way. 1027 WNEW. It's FU Friday. Our phone line, 212-757-1027. Let's go to Joey real fast. Joey, what's up? Hey guys, big FU to the institution of marriage. Why? Weber thought of that, what a blindside sucker punch that was. I mean, if this guy wasn't dead, I'd like to kick him out in the nuts myself. That's FU to my wife for saying I do. My father-in-law for giving her away. Yeah? Well, I'd like to FU my mother, then if she's not warning me what I was getting into. What happened? Where'd it go bad? It's just a whole nine yards. How long have you been married? How long? Eight years. Eight years. But you know the thing is though, you can't get divorced because then you've got to work four jobs. Yeah, we've heard those horror stories. So thank God for places like Privilege. Thank God for you guys for making me piss in my pants on the ride home for work. All right. And FU to Pakistan, Slotsburg, and everything else, guys. God love you. Hey, thank you. All right, boys, rock on. Hang in there, right? All right, buddy. All right. He's having a bad time with it. Yeah. We're going to have Crystal Storm. She's going to be out in studio in a few minutes here. She's going to be at Flash Dancers across from the Letterman Studio, 52nd and Broadway tonight from 6 to 9 p.m. No, three shows, I'm sorry, tonight at 6, 9, and midnight, and tomorrow 6, 9, midnight and 2 a.m. shows. See her and her huge cast. Huge cast. We got a midget coming in too. We could get some good photo ops between Crystal Storm and the midget. Anthony, we're doing another WOW sticker stop today. Where is this one? Well, it's Cinco de Mayo, you know. Cinco de Mayo. Si. Why does that always fall on May 5th? Well, we're going to be at a place called On the Border. It's on Route 1 in New Brunswick, New Jersey. Butchie and Rudy and Matt Devotee and the gang are going to be there from 530 to 8 o'clock tonight. Yeah. And they're going to have tons, and I mean tons of WOW stickers to give away, okay? Nice. And it's the largest Cinco de Mayo party in the state of New Jersey. So if you're in the area, you want to get a WOW sticker, go to On the Border, Route 1, New Brunswick, New Jersey. The gang should be there probably shortly, I would assume. I think they left a little earlier, right? Cinco de Mayo. And on the way, Lewis Black coming in in 15 minutes, a midget, Crystal Storm, like I said. Yeah. But right now we've got to talk to Mark Burnett. Do you know who Mark Burnett is, Anthony? I know he has something to do with the show Survivor. Yes, he does. Mark Burnett. Hi. How are you? How are you, sir? Doing great, man. I think we're all owned by the same company. I think you're right. Oh, yeah? We're all selling advertising. So the show premieres May 31st on CBS. Of course, we're talking about Survivor. Survivor. This show getting a lot of press lately. Yeah, it seems to have got a lot of press for a long time, you know? I think we're going to have to do this. Oh, you've got one of those wacky accents. Cool. Wacky. I was going to say the same thing to you. I'm from New Jersey. Where are you from originally? I'm originally from London. London. Yes, okay. I've got to get over there one of these days. You want to tell us a little bit about Survivor? Yes, sharp. I guess most of you listeners know the deal that we took 16 Americans, eight men, eight women, and dropped them on a small island in the middle of the South China Sea and had to make a world and cooperate together as a tribe, except that every three days we made them form a tribal council. And each person made one secret vote against one other person. No one knew who they voted for. The person who got the most votes against dropped into the voting bucket, was immediately kicked off the island. So week by week, one by one, the tribe was shrinking. We then brought back the seven most recently kicked off by those final two and that seven got to choose who was the million dollar winner. Wow. Sounds like a fun little show. That wouldn't cause too many issues though. I know. Wouldn't you just be like a brown-noser if you're on the island so they don't vote against you? You know what? In real life, think what really happens when someone's an obvious brown-noser. Think about it. I bet you think it was part of the radio station just for being too obvious about kissing ass. I think you've probably got to be clever and an asset to the rest of the people, you know? You know, some people tried to stay below the radar. Other people decided to lead from the front. Other people just decided to work hard. And other people tried to be goody two-shoes. And you know, I think all of us can see something of ourselves in these people. But none of us, if we look in the mirror, can say we've always been down the line. But in your career, you couldn't honestly say you've never done anything devious to get where you are. You couldn't say that. You're saying nothing, right? Yeah. So what are we going to see on a weekly basis? We're going to see, you know, how these people, very diverse, I mean as young as 22 and as old as 72, and the 72-year-old is a retired Navy SEAL, the longest serving member of the SEAL teams. Yeah. Very strong opinions. He's no pussy. You know, he's got like two young kids around him. Similarly, got a woman truck driver. You know, she's got an accent like Stargo. Strong opinions. Other people were trying to be very, very nice and moral and religious. And you know, it's oil and water. And however, they have to work together. What you're going to see on a weekly basis is how that oil and water does or does not mix. Yeah, they've got to search for food together and find water, right? Yep. And they've got to even make shelter. I mean, they arrive on this island on wooden rafts and just hit the shore. A thick jungle. I mean, six eight-foot snakes. There are monkeys around. There are four-foot-long monitor lizards crawling through camp. They're all bitten by sand fleas and mosquitoes. And all night long... Sounds like Sloatbergs. Yeah. So there are rats running over them all night long every night. One woman one night got a rat caught up in her hair. From the pitch-black of the night trying to get a rat out. I mean, really horrendous experience. But no, not one of them complained. I mean, seriously, they were pretty tough. Now, do they have to build their own shelters so that they arrive on the island with nothing? Nothing. They arrived, but they got marooned and grabbed a tin of rice that would make one small handful of rice per day. They had some machetes, some knives, some twine. So what, do they got to hunt for their own food and stuff? Yeah, so they hunted and they hunted rats. They hunted rats and the rat was the meat they had. Rat? Yeah, and then they caught fish for fish and obviously they found this rice root product in the jungle which is like I think called tapioca. They were about 30 pounds, I think. All right, Mark, I've got a question for you. So they arrive on the island, they don't have shelters, they're eating rats and snakes and searching for their own food and water and stuff. And you guys, the film crew, are you all shacked up in nice little huts eating subway sandwiches and stuff, watching this mess going on? It was supposed to be that way. The big joke I used to make was we're going to survive room service, but actually ended up, the catering wasn't all that and the crew, they always tell me that much rather be a survivor than on the crew. That bad, huh? It was pretty bad for the crew. There was no hot water and it was 70 days, man. I mean, lucky I had very tough camera guys. It worked for me for years. No phone, no lights, no motor cars open, not a single luxury. Any sex going on, any fights? Yeah, banging. You mean in the crew or you mean in the survivors? Oh, really? The crew is going at it? Both. The crew just banging away? Both, the crew and the survivors. Yeah, the survivors, some of them started having some sex, huh? Yep. Was it all girl on guy and guy on girl or was it a...? Yeah, that's a good question. The only ones I know about were the girl and guy. Oh, yeah? Did the 72-year-old guy get any piece of ass? He said he should have brought Viagra as his luxury item. Oh, really? Yeah, Navy SEAL don't need sex, hope you. They could just plant it in a sea urchin. That's right. It feels fine. They learn how to get along. Mark, Brian on Line 3 says he wants to ask you, he heard the first guy that got kicked off the island killed himself. I think that was in the original English version. Do you think that might have been in the news today? I'm not sure. It's funny that only Brian knows about it, right? Oh, okay, so no, that's not true. Now, I think what Brian's referring to is we sold the rights to this idea years ago to Sweden. They did a show in Sweden, like a little version of this, and that did happen to somebody. The Swiss are all pussies, though. They can't take it. They're not hardened people. Actually, what the problem was, they put someone who had mental problems on the island, and they didn't do any sort of background. Clearly, for an American show on CBS, everyone on the island went through six and a half hours of written psychological evaluation, the same as if you're going to be a cop. And then they went through clinical psychologists, interviewing them for hours. Really? So we made sure that we didn't have mental patients on the island. That would have been fun, you adding a couple of homicidal maniacs or something. That's going to be survival, too. You've got to survive against murder. A bunch of radio guys. Yeah, we're all savages, that's for sure. Hey, what happened with this other guy? It made the post the other day, Richard Hatch. What about him? He was on the island for 40 days. He went back to his home up there in Massachusetts, and then he was like a real ass to his kid or something. I know what you're talking about. I read that. So, you know, hey, I haven't heard the whole story yet. I mean, I do know that apparently maybe some go jogging because the kid had put 30 pounds on. Yeah, the kid put on a lot of weight while he was doing the Survivor series. He's eating rats. His kid's munching out on Twinkies and stuff. Yeah, so he gets back from the TV show, and he notices his kid gained a lot of weight and made him start jogging around. Yeah, because I know before he went to the island, he had that kid running five, six miles a day because of his weight problem. And then he went away and the kid didn't keep it up, so he came back and started back where he left off. And the kid was a very clever little kid who made the right complaint and certainly got himself out of jogging. But I'm sure that kid now is wondering if he took it too far because now, unfortunately, Dad's got a lot of complaints to do, but he's not really might be as missing. I don't know the full story. Yeah. Hey, was a lot of the crew and the people that put the show together from England? No, actually, no. I'm actually an American citizen. I live in LA. Oh, yeah? So it's a completely American crew. There's a lot of Australians because we were in Malaysia, and our complete art department we hired, they just came off Anna and the King, that movie that was shot out there. Oh, God damn Anna and the King. I almost fell asleep on a goddamn airplane from that Anna and the King. But the set looked good, didn't they? Chick flick at 35,000 feet. Yeah, the set looked great, but the movie blew. We put movie carpenters and stuff on that. We hired a ton of those guys from Australia who worked really hard. Oh, yeah. Well, Mark, anything else you could add to this or what? Watch the show. Yeah, I'm looking forward to it. I've been reading up on this, and it looks like you guys have a pretty good concept there. Yeah, we have a couple in New York, one from actually, two people from New Jersey, and one from New York on the island. All right. Cool. We'll all be checking out the premiere May 31st on CBS. All right, guys. It's Survivor and Mark Burnett. Thank you for spending a few minutes with us today. We appreciate it. All right, guys, bye. All right, there he goes. Mark Burnett, everyone. Check out Survivor on CBS May 31st. Bye. Hello. We're going to torture some Americans. Coming on an island, making me red, eh? Come on, Gunnar. I don't think that show's enough. Really? I think that's really kind of a sissy show. I think there should be 12 different islands, and you're on with dogs. One person and wild dogs and dogs that are rabid. And the one person who survives makes it, and that's it, and it's called T.S. Lewis Black has entered the studio, hasn't he? We're really doing really well in this. You know, what's next? Oh, yeah, boy, this is a good idea. We're going to send some people to an island, and, you know, for God's sake. It's reality television. I know. People love reality TV. You know, people are just completely lost, okay? I mean, that's what's going on here. I mean, you don't have to be a bell prophet to tell you that something is wrong here. I end up feeling like a Christian at times. Have you noticed? It gives me the willies. People have lowered the price on their lives, it seems, these days, because it used to be for a large sum of money. Now, a million dollars now is equal to a lot less years ago. We'd go on game shows and whatnot, maybe do some wild stuff on Beat the Clock. I'll spin a pie on my hand and try to juggle with Marty Feldman for, you know, 15 grand or something. Now it's getting to the point where it's like, okay, we got this concept. You walk away from this. Not guaranteed. You might get a million bucks, but you could die. You could die. Sign me up. They had so many people answer this casting call for this thing that people will put a price tag on their lives now for television, to be on TV, for the excitement. It's going to get crazier and crazier, too, because the whole trend with the Japanese game shows is going to be hitting America's head. Well, that at least makes sense. They're just, that's like drugs. They're insane. They have contestants swimming with alligators. They jump in a pool and have to get to the other side. I had rightfully saw. But that's beyond the beyond. You know what I mean? This is still like within some sort of a context. You go, it's wrong. But when you actually step out and say, gee, somebody had to do a lot of drugs to think of this idea. And then actually perform the act, you'd have to do something. Yeah, yeah. Insane. The other show, which I saw when I was in Amsterdam, which is, of course, coming here because it's a reality based show. It was these guys. It was these guys living in the house. They had 15 people in a house. And in Amsterdam, they were saying, this is the difference between us and them. You win the house. That was the idea. Well, we hear people be, you know, then you just go for the knife and gut everybody. I win, you lose. But they had 15 people in the house. And it was kind of like every week they would vote somebody out. But they covered everything. I mean, there's a camera. The only place you could masturbate was under the bed. I should go say, under the bed. Yeah, they say, you know, I'll go masturbate and go under the bed. Because the bathrooms are all cameras in the bathrooms? Everywhere. Everywhere except under the bed. Everywhere. And then what was great was it was, you know how sick I am. I yell about this stuff. But I'm sitting in Amsterdam and I got a show to do that night. And I'm going, and again, some of the folks I knew, they told me about it. And I'm sitting there. I don't understand a word they're saying. And I'm watching it. And they're just kind of thinking, this is insane. And what they're showing, they change the rules, which is really, I have to say to their credit, completely right up the alley of a game show. They're down to 12 people and they decide to keep the show going. They're down to three people out of 15. And they decide to keep the show going, you're going to bring three more on. Oh, they just throw them into the next room? Yeah, they just change the rules. But so they showed pictures of the people they were thinking of. And the guys are sitting there, oh, I'd like, bring her in. I wouldn't poke her. So I would give her my big chum stick. I'm sitting there going, this is unbelievable. It's just, and we're getting that show too, apparently. Oh, great. I got a great idea for a reality-based show. You get prisoners that are in for murder, put them in a prison environment, but a studio, you know, television type of prison. And then the last one alive gets their freedom. Wouldn't that be great? I mean, it would totally, wouldn't that be watched? That would be watched. All of a sudden you're watching, like, oh, no, one just got shanked in the arm. Damn, I was really pulling for him. It's over, he got shanked. He got shanked in the arm. That would be fun. And another reality-based thing, which I can't wait for, Fox, still trying to pull this off at the FAA, they want to take a remote-controlled 747 and crash it into the Mojave Desert. But who's not tuning in? I know. I'm there. And I fly all the time and I watch it. Yeah, I'm on the plane every other day. But I think that, you know, they should put people on the plane. And whoever comes out, the losers from all the reality-based shows, have to then go on the Fox plane to see if they can get a couple of bucks here and there. But Elion Gonzalez's family on that plane. Yeah, tell them that's why they're not in the St. Kilo. Next on Fox, the Gonzalez family plummets to the Desert Four. Yeah, we'd all tune in for that. In Flames. We've definitely got to take a break here. Louis, we've got a nice surprise for you outside. You see that? I'm a little worried. I didn't see it. You didn't see the surprise for you today? No. Because you're always fishing a plane and we never have anything for you. Oh, God. We found something for you. Oh, no. And you're playing Carolines this weekend? I'm playing Carolines tonight. Thank God the weather's going to be good. Yeah. Because the last time I saw you, you made me laugh my ass off, but it was a dreary winter day and I really felt like driving off the highway on the way home after listening to you. Yeah, I'm there. Really, I understand. You really picked me up. Friday, Saturday, I'm there tonight, tomorrow and Sunday. Why go on? Why go on? We're all effed as a society. I'm laughing my butt off, but on the way home, driving back from Jersey, it was just a horrendous night. I'm like, I've got to listen to Louis. I want to listen to him. Why laugh? Why laugh? I laugh, but why laugh? It's never going to get any better. Yeah, but that's what's good about it. At least you know that's what the deal is. Anything you get during the day is kind of a bonus. So Sunshine should help your ticket sales. Oh yeah, they've got me out there. They'll be barbecuing on the sidewalks in this thing. Oh boy, I can make some tempura right here. Alright, you're going to be at Carolines Friday, Saturday and Sunday. The first show is tonight at 8 o'clock. 8 o'clock, 8 and 10.30. Yes, both nights, night and Saturday, and then Sunday, 7.30 and 9.30, if that makes sense, okay? Yeah. Quick break and we're going to be hanging with Louis Black and the lovely and talented Crystal Storm. And my Crystal Storm. We could be anywhere. Alright, hold on. OT and Anthony, 1027 WNW. Hi Anthony, Fidelity Diamond. We are doomed. We love Tom Colesino and the gang at Fidelity Diamond. Yes. They helped us out with that wow sticker stop earlier this week, and they helped you out also with getting an engagement ring. Yeah, yes. Have you done some LSD to the point where you actually think you want to enter the world of holy matrimony? If that's the case, I'm just saying. Some people might not know, and if you get a roofie slip to you or something, and all of a sudden you're walking down the aisle. There's not enough Bennys in the world. But if that happens to you and you feel the need to enter the wonderful world of marriage. Wait for the drugs to wear off. And then make sure it's something you want to do. Yes, but even still, you've got to go to Fidelity Diamond to get your engagement ring. The engagement ring specialists, they educate you. Complete education on diamonds. A lot of people buy diamonds. They spend a lot of money on diamonds and don't know what they're getting, have no clue. They teach you at Fidelity Diamond about diamonds. The diamonds are, you pick it out loose. They're weighed and set while you watch. Watch. None of that sleight of hand bait and switch thing. Uh-oh, bait and switch. Could not be Mr. Scrooge's anything racist. Bait and switch. No, go. No. And they won't try to chew the price up on you. Opie. Chew the price up. Yeah. Okay. It's very, yeah, very good prices. And like I said, you get an education. If you're going to get engaged, go to the engagement ring specialist, Fidelity Diamond. I can sum it up, Anthony. Okay, Opie. They walk out of Fidelity Diamond, you know you didn't get ripped off. Ripped off. A lot of people in the city, you know, they go into some of these diamond places, they get their diamond, they walk out, they're unsure. They're like, was I just taken? I don't know. I feel like you got gypped. Right. Opie. Fidelity Diamond has been doing this for, what, they're in their 18th year now. Yeah. You will not get ripped off at Fidelity Diamond. Give them a call, 201-261-6555. That's 201-261-6555. Fidelity Diamond is located on Route 17 South in Paramus, just minutes from Manhattan and Rockland County. The Opie and Anthony of Oobies and Whores shop. By seven o'clock, I think you're going to say, you know what, I had a pretty good time today. 1027 WNEW. All right, it's FU Friday. We're hanging out with Lewis Black from The Daily Show on Comedy Central. Back in Black, you're still doing that, Lewis? Yeah. Every Wednesday? Every Wednesday. You've got a very good job at that. Especially on Tuesday. I did my second special for Comedy Central. Tuesday at nine, ten o'clock. Like your stand-up and stuff? Yeah. Nice. Yes. I did not know that. I'd recommend everyone check that out on TV or go to Caroline's tonight. A couple shows happen at eight o'clock and ten thirty. You're there all weekend long. Just call Caroline's and find out what show's best for you. Right, Ann? Yeah. Hey, yeah. Now, you work over there at Comedy Central. Yes. You know Ben Stein and all? Oh, yeah. I've heard about this. You bumped into this man. Oh, wow. Yeah, I heard this story. Yeah, he's a phony. He's a lunatic, man. I heard about Jew Me Down. Have you heard that? Jew Me Down. So I just ran into him the other day and I'd forgotten this. I forgot because I would have grabbed him and said, Ben, are you insane? That's what I asked him. That's when he hung up. Well, you've got to realize, and this is a man who worked with Nixon. Nixon. My Jew boys. That's what Nixon used to say. So what would Jew Me Down be? I mean, that's nothing on the scale of Nixon. You know what the funniest part is? I didn't even say that. I know you didn't say that. I said, Jew Me Down. Well, who would have a commercial with Jew Me Down? I love the, yes, we hear it, Nazi, farm equipment. Nazi auto, yeah. Would like to Jew You Down. No, it's like ridiculous. I was like, man, I just heard that and then he hung up. Yeah, I'm going to hang up. Jew Me Down. I know you said Jew. And then I'm saying, his television show, really breaking down the barriers there. It's a Jewish guy doing at all costs to keep you from getting his money. Win my money. I'll do anything in my power to keep my money out of your hands. I mean, it's very true. It's unbelievable. I was like, but it's perfect, man. It's like. Yeah, is that what he's like? He's wacky. I mean, look, he's walking around in a suit with sneakers. I ditched that 20 years ago. You see the pictures of him from the 60s? He's got the big long hair, the beard, like used to smoke weed. And then he's with Nixon. How the hell did that happen? I don't know. Hey, hey, man, where's my head Jew boy? You know, G. Gordon Liddy never tried to Jew Me Down on a price for breaking into the water keep. I did that show and I did Ben Stein's money and I got nothing right. Really? Oh, yeah. Those are some tough questions. Then I buzzed the first one and you're sitting there. Plus, it's a real, you know, everybody goes, oh, yeah, you know, you get out there and you should be. It'll be easy. It's not. You know, you're out there. It's like stupid. It's like, it's completely, you feel like a moron. It takes you right back to everything you feared about school. I'm going to raise my hand first, which is wrong. It's so wrong. Took me three, I did. Yes, and I can actually have a social life. Oh, no, it's call on me. Call on me. So now I'm back there. It's like the first question. I can't do the buzzer. It's got this word. Everybody's going to practice the buzzer and I can't. I can't do it. OK, so I can't play video games. It's like pathetic. You know, I mean, it's, you got to be Jewish and I've got no mechanical skills. You don't have the hand. I had the grace of God. I can wipe myself properly. So I'm like sitting there, do you do the, and I couldn't do it. And then with the first question, I go, bam. And I realized that the answer, while he's reading it, but the question is that my answer is in the question. So how can the answer be right? Oh, man. And that's the end of the show for me. And he looks at his ass. You're answered. I said, I have absolutely no answer. I'm an idiot. And the other two guessed. And I said, well, at least I had the courage not to guess. And then that I couldn't, then when I actually knew the answers, I couldn't get back online. And then it was like goodbye, Louis. I just died. So I said, you know, that I was actually thrown. It's because I had some auditions to go. There you go. But I said it would have been more fun, really, and less shameful of, it would be a less shameful incident for me and my family if I just appeared on stage and khakis impede myself. It was unbelievable. I guess they're not going to be calling you for who wants to be a millionaire, I guess. Well, that I could do because that's the first five questions. You know, pretty easy. They got to get rid of the first five questions. It's just like, come on. And then they, you know, and then some of them, it's really, you go right to it and it's like nothing. And some of them, it's like, you know, what movie was, you know, the was Macbeth based on or what movie used Macbeth as a theme? And then there's four movies you haven't even heard the name of yet. You know, but the question before was that the the splendid splinter was who? You know, Frank Casaro, Boo Boo Snitz, Kiki or Ted Williams. It's like unbelievable. That show and it's really much destroyed any any possibility of me having a sitcom ever. Yeah. Well, between that and the reality shows, we're doing well. Like Regis is pulling in a 25 share. All the rubes in the Midwest love that. I also figured it out when I'm traveling around the Midwest before I go to do gigs and stuff. It's just it's a phenomenal bar show. All right. These guys sitting aboard. I know that. I got it. You can't believe you. You idiot. That's funny, because Jeopardy is just like that, too. You know, the bar show. They're all arguing. I don't know that one. And then the guy that gets upset because you're sitting in the bar and you didn't say what is. You didn't phrase it in the form of a question. Finish your friggin' CC and water and shit. And then you got Alex Trebek yelling about the millionaire shot. I mean, it's like, come on. Yes. Very upset. I wish the two of them would wrestle. Regis and then Regis now has clothing line. Regis. Yeah, he does. How far gone are we? Oh, you look right. I want to look like Regis. Oh, wants to look like Regis. You know, you might say, OK, that's a nice tie. I'll wear that when I got to hang myself. That's not your final answer. But I mean, how do you end up with a suit? How do you end up? How could that be a clothing line? It used to be they would give you, if you did stage work or something, you might get a shot at a TV show. Now it's just all the plugs are pulled. Toys, action figures, clothing lines, nail clippers, anything that they could attach your name to. Who wants to look like Regis? One of my agents just was talking to somebody about this. Has anyone discussed with Louis, you know, the merchandising? What? What am I going to merchandise? That's a big negotiation point these days. The Lou Black he used to wear then when he was a kid, Yamakus? What can I possibly, what am I going to sell? Merchandising. Merchandising. All right. You want to bring in Crystal Storm, Anthony? Are we going to go with Crystal here now? Well, we have a little surprise for Louis. Let's say. Don't worry, Louis. Let me say something to you because I understand because I'm the same way. I don't like when people bring in these girls because they're going to maul me or something. You don't have to worry about that. We won't have you mauled. Look at that. How are you doing, Crystal? How are you doing? Good. Louis, her eyes are up there. I know. That's astonishing. That's another level. See, that's a different level. It is. It is just off the frigging charts. What size are those, Beauty? 121 XXX. Who measures that? Louis, by the way, she's your competition in the city tonight. Is that right? Yes, she's right down the road. It's me or you. I would say you should get out there and see these. You guys want to fight over the plugs? Please, please, please, my guys. I just realized that. That's funny. That's easy. I think it's a different audience. You could time it. You could check out Boobs and then go see Louis. Yes, it's not far. I think the showtimes work out just about perfect. The showtimes do. You go see Crystal Stormer's Flash Dancers, 50 seconds down the street, 50 seconds on Broadway at 6 o'clock. You're on stage for what? A half hour or so. And then you go see Louis Black at Carolinia. For an 8 o'clock slap dance. You know what your lovely cans remind me of? Remember that episode of Star Trek when they went to Talos? The ass-headed aliens. Remember that? Captain Christopher Pike, remember? And they make him feel like he can walk again. It looks like you have two of those aliens heads in your shirt. I think we took a picture like that with one of the guys here last night. They're huge. We have a midget coming in today. Oh, cool. Can I borrow one? Yeah, I'm sure you'd love it if you just put his huge cans on his head or something. That would be relieving. Well, you want to show Louis your cans or what? Is he for rent? Louis? No, the midget. The midget. Louis always loses the... Are you for rent? He is for rent. You should bring the midget on stage tonight, Louis. Crystal, show him your cans, man. This is great. This is just an exercise in stress. How do you do that? Isn't that amazing? How do you do that? I mean, that's a lot to carry around. You are carrying around... how much do they weigh? They're about 20 pounds each. 20 pounds apiece. Wow. I can barely carry a briefcase. Yeah, I told you we're there all the time. Hey, how about... tell them about your bed. Oh, I have a bed special made. It's got a hole cut into it. Is that right? Yeah. Wouldn't you just be under the bed all the time? Really? Watching them hanging down in your bed? I should have it redone with plastic c-thoracies. Oh, plexiglass. Very nice. That'd be kind of cool. Have people take a little conveyor belt under your bed. They could just lay there while you sleep. They can charge me for tours. You could make money. Did you do this just over one... Oh, that's natural. That's natural? If that's natural, then I'm going to have to be hospitalized. On Jupiter, it's natural. Actually, I grew up next to a nuclear power plant. Yeah, you've got to watch that. Yeah, you obviously had those implants. Yeah, when you start eating three-foot long green beans, you know, something's going to happen. But you had really big cans to start with, right? Yeah, I had an F cup naturally. An F cup. And now she's a Z. 121? 121. They call it an F cup because when she took her shirt off, any guy she was with went, Fuh-hah-hah-hah. So, Lois, you must have a question for her. I don't. She's popless there, huge cans, they're bigger than your head. And what can my question be? What do you think about alien gonzalez? That's where he's hiding. Max Leavage. There's the Reno going, try to extricate him from her cleavage. That's bizarre something. You can see those. What possessed you? I mean, what possessed you to say, I'm going to go from, you know, insane to beyond psychotic? Actually, I said, well, that's not much bigger than I am already. Really? But it was. It's better. No, it's better. It felt bigger than what you were. F disease. I said everybody already stares anyhow. How much worse can it get? And it got a lot worse. It looks like this, too. Yeah. But there, I mean, it's just huge. That's bizarre. Yeah, that is really huge. And what age did you start developing? About nine. Nine? I was a D cup by 12. I didn't even know I had a headache. Nine years old. I was a D cup by 12. It was hard in school. 12, you were a D cup? Yeah. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Could you imagine? Some little boys liked me, and others really thought I had a lot of cooties. Yeah, cooties. Yeah, the little here. Got a lot of the cooties. That's right. What would you do? I would have been weeping. I would have had to go home from school. I don't know what's going on, Mommy. I feel funny, but I don't know why when I look at her. Well, that's torture, though, in a school. It could be, yeah. Well, with the maturity of men, it must have been, you know, a real treat. It was interesting. What do you have in your hand? I have something I think that they used, you know, the saline. Oh. Don't ask me why. I'm not going to tell you. I'm just going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. You're putting a foreign object in your body. I don't think the body goes, oh boy, I got a baseball in it now. I think the way it works is the body goes, ha ha, this is an emergency situation. Out, out. Please. Silly string boobs. Yeah. It might be funny, you're walking around and someone goes, I think you've got a thread from your shirt hanging out. Let me pull that out. All of a sudden it turns into a magic trick. Just keep pulling it, pull different colored scarves are coming out. Well, beautiful. You can see those where? Tonight. At Flash Dancers on Broadway and 52nd across from David Letterman. Right next to Caroline. Right next to Caroline. Down the street. There's a guy on the line, he's taking the whole bachelor party to see Louis Black. Steve. Yeah, what's going on guys? You're taking the bachelor party to see Louis? Yeah. Steve, I deeply appreciate that. Only one of us. Now where were you dancing young lady? Where we gotta go first? It's right down the street. Hey, wait a minute, you gotta see Louis Black first. Of course, all right. Louis at 8 o'clock, Crystal at midnight tonight. All right. How's that sound? That sounds great. Right up the street. All right. I was looking for your buddy last night, Louis, Joe Bacolby. No. Yeah. Any differences? Any stuff. All right. Thank you, Steve. Thanks. Have a good one, guys. Thanks. Thanks for having a conversation that two people cared about. We really appreciate that. Hey, Crystal, do you have any breast tricks today? What kind of stupid breast tricks do you have in mind? You probably thought up a few in your day, right? Yeah. What can you do with those? Louis, would you like to see a breast trick, Louis? Right now, it's a breast trick. Could you hold that bottle of saline underneath your breast? No problem. Really? That's easy. That's easy. You must have a really good breast trick we could do for Louis. Oh, yeah. I can't even begin to describe for the audience out there what I just saw. How come it's so quiet in here? Will the bees be happy with our large boobs? Yes, Dr. Smith. You know, that's actually Jonathan Harris, Dr. Zachary Smith. Is he happy with our large boobs? Oh, dear. Look at that, you bubble-breasted booby. It's like being that size, does it help you in the business? Yeah, I guess. Does it? She works for NASA. I understand what business you're talking about there. Unbelievable. So I guess there's a premium for those. These are kind of like an OG in my business. Yeah, a little premium paid for that. You make a little more than the normal dancer. Yeah, you have to. Yeah, you're like a featured act. Right. Very cool. And guys, do they enjoy that in this act? Oh, yeah. Yeah? You got a boyfriend or are you just like... Not yet, I'm working on it. Oh, yeah? What is it, just fun sex party every night with you? A lot of work. A lot of work, a lot of traveling. A lot of T.F.ing. It looks like that would be my first thought if I ever got in bed with you. Before like ground zero, I go, I need a good T.F.ing. I keep snorkels on my nightstand. There you go. There you go. As my son, Philippe, dives into the crevasse. Let's get the crocodile hunter in there. Oh, crocodile. Yes. Craig, what's up? Yeah, I want to know what goes through the mind of the doctor when he puts those bad boys in there? Yeah, you've got to figure there must be an ethical class in here if the doctor is willing to do something that some may see as deforming you. Right, that's what happened actually. I wonder what happens if he drops it on the ground like a water balloon. Now they're pretty strong. Yeah, but he has no, a legitimate doctor did this, you didn't have to go to Tijuana. No, no. A couple of chihuahuas in there. They did, a guy had mine done a while ago. Yeah. They have been outlawed because they did feel it was deformity. Yeah. So, like for myself, if I ever have any problems, I need to fix it. Don't figure, I was thinking of going to the doctor and getting a Buick, putting my pants. But they, the doctor that did mine was going to do a girl with one big boob, like a watermelon. Stop it. Just stop it. For the circus, it's true. For the circus, perfect. She was going to have one boob. One boob across her chest. Across her chest, just one big implant, like a watermelon. Right, and it wouldn't let him do it. And what about nips? Where would they be? Oh, I don't know. There's going to be one or two. Maybe just a cyclops. Probably one. You got to go the distance. I think that would be the case. My agent was going to put it. Lewis, you're right. You got to go the distance. If you're going to get one big watermelon boob, you just got to put a cyclops nipple right in the middle of the thing. He just saw a baby bottle nipple on there. And they said no? They wouldn't do it. Oh, that's too bad. I knew a good doctor that was really pretty good at doing things like that. Mangala? You ever hear of him? I think he's out of business now, but he used to do things sort of like that. Hey, stop it. Not funny. All right, well, we've got to take a break. We're waiting for the midget to show up. Where is that guy? I'm waiting for that. Yeah, I've got to see if you can pick up a midget with those things. Just lock his head under there and lift him right up off the ground. So you're going to be sticking around for a while, right, Crystal? Yeah, I have a little bit longer. Oh, wait, yeah, you've got to be out of here soon. You've got a six o'clock show tonight. Six o'clock. Oh, right down the road. You could just jog there. Oh, yeah, right. Back in the hospital, it's Crystal, bruises and contusions from her short jog. I'm cruising the city on a moped. Isn't that cool? Oh, yeah? God, how many crashes do you call? Imagine seeing that guy. You'd never guess what I just saw. I believe I saw a curly from the Three Stooges and Telly Savalas with a girl on their back riding a moped. All right, listen, Crystal Storm's going to be at Flash Dancers tonight and tomorrow. She's sticking around for a little longer. We're hoping this midget shows up and we'll do something stupid, that's for sure, okay? Yeah, that's guaranteed on this frigging show. All right, stay there. It's not as funny as a sinking school bus. I have a strong stomach. You guys made me broke. Great! The grossest thing I've ever heard in my life. Oh, and my new favorite horse. You guys are really horrible. Hopefully you have them for today. What a couple of ass-wipes. 1027. WNEW. Hey, Anthony Pizzano of Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. We love it. We go down there all the time. Somebody from the show is there trying to get a free mail off of Joey. Every night. Just about. Great food, relaxed atmosphere. You want to take a date or the family to a nice Italian restaurant right there on Mulberry Street in Little Italy. You go to Pizzano of Mulberry Street. Then the new menu, you know what's on there? Huh? Huh? Look in the appetizer section. Crystal Storm's boobs? Yes. Crystal Storm's huge meatballs. They're called. They're giant-sized meatballs covered with the Pizzano sauce. It's wonderful. Large portions like Crystal Storm's breasts. Huge. Family dish. Huge proportions. I mean huge portions, yes. Milk-fed veal. You got that there. That's great. Someone wants to know if you put deodorant under your breasts. Wow, the midgets here. Rock. Deodorant under the breasts? No. Sorry. There's too much going on. You do not put deodorant under your... Okay. There's a midget outside. I'm sorry. We'll get through the Pizzano reading. We'll get the midget in. This is a three-ring circus today. Well, like I said, great food, incredible lunch specials, pasta lunch specials. Go down there for that. And in the appetizer section, Anthony's fried ravioli. That's my favorite appetizer. And then you go down to the bottom of the menu. What do you have? Something with my name on it. You don't even know what your thing is. You're on the menu at Pizzano. You don't even know what it is? I'm barely on the menu. I'm like the last line. But it's a main thing. When the menus are misprinted, it's not even on half the menus. Eggplant Parmesan? Of course. He's messing with John. Oh, he's doing Parmesan. You're so full of it. You didn't know what you are on the menu. I did know. I can't believe it. I did know. It's come to this. It really has. It's come to this. And when did they break up? It was over the menu. It was over the Pizzano menu. The deals were cut everything, but it was that Pizzano menu that tore them apart. I was trying to downplay it. I wanted to be the ZD. Right. So check it out. Go to Pizzano, Mulberry Street, heart of Little Italy, 136 Mulberry. Give him a call, 965-1188. 965-1188. Open seven days, weekends, until 2 AM. 2? 2? Ponderous. F'ing ponderous. And if you go up to Joey, the owner, and say, I'm over here now, he'll give you a glass of wine in the house. That's right. Pizzano of Mulberry Street. This is your announcer Hugh Mungusbecker saying, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Oh Yeah. We.. Have to figure out a way to get that right. A little paranoid about the procedure, Louis? No, I'm waiting for a dog. I'm waiting for a dog? And then have the dog at the procedure? It's great. You're the best guy dog around. I'm paranoid about it. Opie was. I was very paranoid. He was freaking out. I did research for a year, Louis, and it was a piece of cake. You should get it done. I'm serious. We have some audio of Opie right before the procedure. There he is. See? No, Opie. It's okay. No, Dr. Philatauph will take care of you. He'll talk to you. No, no. It's okay. He talks to you. He does the procedure. It's only like 20 minutes and everything's taken care of. See? You stopped crying. I stopped crying. I have 2015 vision and I drive at night, which is amazing. That I heard. That's the thing you always hear, that you get that blurriness. I did not have it. No, I did not have that at all. Unbelievable. He can see. Dr. Philatauph is like Jesus Christ, giving people eyesight. He's got a new procedure for leprosy. He's curing lepers now. It's amazing. Nothing for dwarfs. Nothing for dwarfs yet, Scott. Sorry, Scott. You're going to laser correct your kneecaps or something. I don't know what the hell they would do. I suffered this much. You suffered? Has it been a drag? At times. Yeah. It's like prom night was a drag. Really? Who's got a drag? Yeah, it's a drag for every guy. No, he means he was in drag. They know me all year. They talk to me. How are you doing, Scott? From prom night come, nobody knows who I am. Oh, no. Come on. That's a sad story. Yeah, but that's the same thing for half of America. They all know me every day. Scott, what do you do? What do you eat? Scott, let me let you know something. No one gets laid prom night. Yes. So you didn't miss anything. And the people who do peak at that age and the rest of their lives are living that way. Those are the people who go, oh, that was it. That's great. And then the rest of their life, it's never as good. Where'd you get the tuxedo, man? That must have been a tough one. That's from Jerry Maoni. Friggin' funny, man. Jerry Maoni. Her face didn't fit me, so I went to Jerry Maoni. That's pretty good. That is a heck of a reference. That's a reference of the day. So I'm envisioning Dr. Phil Toff. He's running another drawing, Anthony. to do is call 1-800-984-2020. 1-800-984-2020. They'll put your name in a drawing for a free procedure. If you put your name in the past drawings, you'll be all set for this one as well. It's for a Valentine's Day special, which might not be that good a deal. What if you get it done, now you can see what your Valentine looks like and you don't want it to be a Valentine anymore. Or vice versa. There you go. And also, he's running a spring special. You can get the procedure for just $2,500. That's nothing. That's not per eye. No, it used to be per eye. Spring special, $2,500. If you call Diamond Vision right now, 1-800-984-2020. That's 1-800-984-2020. All right, Anthony, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Yes. Mother's Day. But first, a lot of people want to know who Jerry Mahoney is. Remember Winchell Mahoney? Remember that? Knucklehead. Knucklehead Smith? Mm-hmm. It was a dummy. Yeah. Paul Winchell. Yeah, he had a TV show for a couple of years. Yeah. I don't know if you remember the numbers that Regis's show did, but you know, it was great for kids. And it was a healthy show. And then it became this, which dummy would survive? And then the show went off. Survival of the fittest dummy. I think he was trying to recreate the whole Howdy Doody atmosphere and just wasn't panning out at that point. And then fly? No, something, you know, Howdy Doody, the whole Innocence of America. You weren't going to watch another show that was kind of like Howdy Doody when body bags were being sent back from the NOM. You know, sort of changed our outlook on things, I think. Yeah, we finally realized the dummy wasn't real. Wasn't real. Yeah. Yeah. All right. The dummy's dressed like a VC. There's people interrogating it and shooting him in the head in the streets, running down the street on fire from napalm naked, a little dummy. It was terrible. The Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Now, this is a wonderful thing. It's a good segment. Mother's Day coming up. What are you going to do? The flower root? Hey, Scott, you can get clothes for the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. I'm telling you. Leave me that number. Definitely, man. Leave me that number. They might have some extra, you know, bow ties and stuff. I'm telling you, little hats. Little hats. A wedding with crystal. You can wear that tux. We've got a couple of Vermont Teddy Bears laying around the place. Let's see if you fit in the clothes. You are awful, Ovi. I'm sorry, Scott. I'm cool. All right. Well, Mother's Day is coming up tonight. A week from Sunday. You want them to know she's lovely? Yeah, she's lovely. It's not until next week that we could. I was really, I was kind of crisper there for a moment. Better get another week. All right. Your mom, your wife, or grandma, your mom or grandmother will receive a beautiful bear handcrafted in Vermont and personalized for her with a card and candy delivered in a colorful gift box. You can get the Angel Mom Bear or the Mama's Boy Bear with a hearty gift box. The Angel Mom Bear or the Mama's Boy Bear with a heart-shaped mom tattoo. Bears are all tailored to your mom's occupation. You can do that. Talk to the bear counselor, 1-800-829-BEAR. They'll hook you up with a bear that best suits who you want to give it to, your mom or your girlfriend. A dwarf. A dwarf. No, they don't have that bear, Rick. They don't like when we talk about bears that we don't have, such as the cruel and inhuman bear. And the bitch took all my money bear. They don't have those. They don't have them, so don't call for them. I think that nurse bear. Yeah, they have the nurse bear, the teacher bear, the gardening bear. Hug a bear, hug a dwarf. And the pregnancy bear and the new red-hot mama bear. That's a frightening concept. Call your bear counselor right now, 1-800-829-BEAR. That's a nice mama bear. It might look good to me right now. In a long road. I apologize for the people from My Teddy Bear. No, you didn't mean it in that way. It could be Scott's prom date. No, I'm going to ask Crystal first. Anthony was saying, call 1-800-829-BEAR before he gave up. That's 1-800-829-BEAR or shop online at vermonteddear.com. The creative alternative to flowers for Mother's Day. It's a great gift. Nurses Week and graduation right around the corner as well. That's 1-800-829-BEAR. I've had it. 1-800-829-BEAR. Tell them that Anthony sent you. It's the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. What is Nurses Week? I don't know. Everyone is getting a week, a day, a month or something. I could use a Nurses Week. Nurses Week. I work with nurses and they're not doing anything special. Nurses Week, celebrating with Enema Thursday. What's the week consist of? Monday we go with the tongue depressor, Wednesday is Bedpan Day. They're just creating holidays now. Everybody is dingy in a bowl trying to find who's who's. We'll finish up with a morphine drip Saturday. Bobbing for stool samples in the bed pants. I'm glad you said it. Hey Scott, did you drive here today? Yes sir. Ah, now how's that? How do you do that? I got pedal extensions that go over the regular pedals that people drive. Two long pipes and that's it. Imagine some poor sap tries to carjack him. Get out the car! Get out the mother effing car! He pulls him out and knees are up to his ears trying to work the pedals. I came all the way from Short Hills. Is that a joke? I drive. You're snipped up and right by you. I live in Short Hills. Well we're still in the middle of commercials believe it or not. What's next? We've got to play Midget Town for Scott. Do you like Midget Town Scott? What's the next commercial? I can't wait. What is that? You haven't heard Midget Town yet? No. Alright check this out. This is the story of six strangers. They get to live together in a house and have their lives taped. Find out what happens when they stop being polite and start getting tiny. Real world Midget Town. Listen Binky, I don't like it when you talk down to me. You belittle me. You make me feel two feet tall. Well I have some news for you Chi Chi. You are two feet tall! Me and Chi used to work in a circus and he's all like, huh, I used to ride on a pony and I used to drive a wind up bullfighting. And I'm like Midget, get over yourself. I think the problem here is that they're all a little jealous of me because I come from the entertainment industry. I was in the circus, I don't know if I mentioned that to you, and also for a number of years I played Snuggles the Fabric Softener Bear. What you need to understand is that going to Six Five Great Adventure is a waste. We're dwarves. We can't get on any of the freaking rides. Well that's where you're wrong Chi Chi because we can do a lot at Great Adventure. We can get on that thing that looks like a worm that goes in a circle. It's like a worm wearing a hat. It's like a green plastic thing but it goes in a circle, goes up and down a little bit. We can get on that. We can get on the boats, little boats. You know those boats, they go in a circle around in a little pool of water there and they have bells on the front of them. They have bells and if you pull on the string you can ring the bell. So shut up. Hey what are you guys doing? We were just going to go out and throw rocks at people for staring at us. That sounds good. Sounds like a lot of fun. By the way, I'm gay. That really caught me off guard. I didn't know he was gay. I thought I was gay. I wasn't sure. So when he said I'm gay I'm like put that together with being a midget. I got enough on my plate here. Tonight on Real World Midget Town. That's good stuff. That's funny stuff. You sure? Yeah. We've got to thank Steve Morrison for that bit. Very funny thing there man. That is funny. I'm gay and I'm not getting enough on my plate. Snuggles. Louis has to leave soon. I've got to go to the farmhouse. Oh really? You must depart. Do you want to leave now? Shortly. Shortly? Why do you have to say that? Oh wow. Is he making you leave? Louis makes you leave shortly. It is unbelievable. You can't say soon, in a few minutes. You know I spent the whole day waiting to say shortly. Oh jeez. In a minute. He's got to go in a little while. Soon. Soon. In a few minutes. In a little while. I mean why not? I'm saying it now. Alright let's finish up this break. We only have a few more commercials to get through and we'll be back with Louis Black. What is it going to take for us to piss you off to the point where you're going to be changing the station? That's what I need to know. Shove it. Boy it's seriously easy to be a fag on this show isn't it? That's going to be trouble. We just received a Ph.D. in stupidity. 1027 WNEW. Moving right along. Louis Black in the studio playing Caroline's all weekend long. Call Caroline's for ticket info. Couple shows tonight. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We had to go double dating. He's very funny. I don't want to get drunk and try to stick his hand up your elbow. Oh, damn. I thought you were George. I'm sorry, man. They guys are funny, man. Oh, man. They're going to be at my house. Do you know where the comedy brokerage is? How long ago? In Dumbbell? Yeah, Dumbbell. Yeah. Brokerage comedy, sure. All right. I think we have to get Lewis out of here. I got to get him. Yeah. I'm going to say May 9th at my special. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That's next week. Next Tuesday. Next Tuesday. 10 o'clock. Looking forward to that. Mr. Plug here. You know how good I like you. You know how much I like to plug. Yeah. Oh, boy. Oh, he's plugging all the time. I really like it. I came out here and told you, do this. Let me here. Do this. Do this. We leave that for J. Moore. Let him come out and plug him. Lewis just doesn't like plugging. I don't like it. You know? He's got a twister on. I'll plug for you. Well, thank you. Very funny guy. I finally got to see you. Like I said, it was a dreary winter night, but I still laughed my ass off. Suck night at the stress factor. You were so miserable, but you had everyone laughing. And then they went on to kill themselves. My favorite was, I heard that thing this morning where, the Frank Gifford thing where he's talking about Hollywood. I felt like I should drive off the road. Oh, yeah. I felt like, you know, this wasn't working. I should drive off the road and I should just take my little Mercedes into the abutment. And I thought you should have. You should have given the choice between going back to the third rung of hell and the abutment. I would rather see what was on the other side. You know, you got to wonder. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, man. Sandy goes, you want me to tape that for you last night? I'm like, I didn't even watch it. Didn't even want to. I didn't want to get pissed off at the TV. Well, maybe to get some research for the show or something. Yeah, but some, you know, just to the point with the research, I try to watch stuff for research and you just think, you know, I'd rather put a knitting needle in my crack. Right. You know, that'll be an experiment too. I'll research with that. You know, rather than research what kind of pain it causes. Watching this stuff. You know, Kathy's just got to face the fact that Frank wanted some butt love. Yeah. That was the whole, I think that was probably the biggest issue, her being such a Christian woman. And Frank wanted the back door off of that girl that he was with in the hotel. Wanted some butt love. He wanted to ram into that abutment. He's got some life. He ran into defenses lineman, he was a football player. Now he's running into that other lady. Oh, Kathy Lay? No, Frank. He played for the Giants. Yeah. He ran into lineman. Now he's running into. Let me set this up. Okay, go ahead. Go ahead. We're going to need this. Go ahead. Frank. Yeah. He ran into lineman when he was playing with the New York Giants. Now he's running into that lady Johnson. What was her name? Oh my God. Oh man. Okay. One of the tips is even when in doubt, you can't pause. Okay? You have to. You had to cut off the. You had to cut off the. You had to cut off the. You had to cut off the. You had to cut off the. You had to cut off the. You had to cut off the. I apologize to all our listeners. Lewis Black is usually much funnier than me. This is a little joke. I was. I usually am. I've got a bunch of run-in those Giants tatas. There's only so much my brain can handle. Is he happy with our logic? I don't know, Doc, isn't it? All right. We've got to get Lewis out of here. I'll see you guys soon. All right, Lewis. Thanks for coming in again. Lewis Black. Checking out of Carolines. Yes, a bunch of shows tonight. All right. May 9th is your special. That's a low blow. Good seeing you. Bye, Lewis. You see Ben Stein in the hallways of Comedy Central. Smack him in the head. I'll be talking to the Jewish community. Very good. All right. There he goes, Lewis Black. Why don't we take a break? OK. And maybe we can do a little bit of Spazz's Week in Review as we end the week here. We were supposed to do that two and a half hours ago. Spazz's News and Views. Yes. Why don't we end the show with that? We've got 40, 45 minutes. We can probably get through Spazz's Week in Review. OK? Great. And Scott, do you want to stick around for that? Yeah, I got a way to go. It's always a pleasure. You can abuse Spazz. That's always fun. It's Friday night. What do I got to do? Fun for people of all sizes. All right. We can all get together and make fun of Spazz. Spazz's Week in Review is next. Anytime, guys. The O.P.E.S. and Anthony Show. It's your bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff. The O.P.E.S. and Anthony Show. Bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff, bluff. The show blows, monkey ass. WNV and EW. Hey, Anthony, the weekend upon us. A lot of people looking for something to do tonight, something to do this weekend. Yes. What about picking up time out in New York? The Obsessive Guide to Impulsive Entertainment, right? Yeah. You can't be walking around New York wondering what the hell you're going to do. You're wasting time. Come on. It's a fast city, life-long city. I'm going to go to New York and I'm going to get a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, a car, and get a car. All right. You want to go to New York and pick up time out in New York. All right. So we're going to pick up time out in New York. All right. You can't be walking around New York wondering what the hell you're going to do. You're wasting time. Come on. It's a fast city. Life will pass you by. You got to figure out what to do. You got to copy a time out in New York. It's at every newstay. And it is the Obsessive Guide to Impulsive Entertainment. A bunch of things to do. And this week's copy, find out how to maximize your small space with the annual Guide to Home Design. The roundup includes everything from organizing your closets to recommended renovation retailers. And don't miss this one, checking out how Time Out New York Sexpert answers a sex in the city obsessed reader who thought one night stand in New York would be easy to come by. Small. Yes, I did say small. Oh, and since small space. Small space. Small space. I'm getting closer to you now. Yeah, I see that. He keeps sliding over. It's scaring the bejesus out of me. It's like the opposite of Johnny Carson on this show. You're way over there and you slowly but surely get closer to the host. I'm over here now. Yeah, you are. I'm over here now. You are over here now. Time Out New York Sexpert answers a sex in the city obsessed reader who thought one night stand in New York would be easy to come by. Are they? Hmm? Hmm? Where's all the casual sex in New York? I don't know, Andy. Well, pick up Time Out New York. They'll tell you. Okay. Check out the magazine every week for Time Out New York's Top 100 Restaurant Picks and more than one thousand things to do with your free time in New York. For a subscription, give them a call 1-888-GET-TONY. 1-888-GET-TONY. Time Out New York, the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. Get it and get out. There's no level 2 out there you guys want to take to. This is the fun level. Woo, yeah. Yeah. 1027W and EW. All right, 2127571027 moving along with the program. We're going to try to get back to Spazz's Week in Review. We started it about two and a half hours ago, but we got sidetracked with Crystal Storm and Lewis Black and of course our new favorite person here, Scott the little person. All right. A lot of people saying you're very funny, Scott. Cool. Billy's on line 12, Anthony. Yeah. Billy, what's up? Hey guys, greetings from Asbury Park. Woo. It's beautiful down here, Anthony. Sit down here with a tall neck. Oh yeah? Everybody's not going to go see Lewis or go see Scott. I'll be at Kyle's on the shore all weekend. Call more plugs. Yeah, why not? I've been trying, huh? I hear you. I hear you. I'm over here now. No, but I'm over here now. You're going to be at Caroline's. You said Caroline's? No, Rascal's, sorry. Oh, Rascal's. I'm going to be at Lewis for God's sake. Oh, Rascal's on the shore? Yeah, Rascal's on the shore down here in Ocean Township. The shore is 8, 10, 30 tonight and tomorrow and Sunday. All right. I'll be short ribs on Sunday night. I'll be cutting out ribs to kids. 12 and under. You're doing pretty good. You should think about it. You really should get on stage. I know. I'm going to be on stage. You got some chops here. I'm telling you that much, man. It's right here. You could easily get 10, 15 minutes together, can't you? I think so. All right. Start with a good five and you go from there. All right, Bill. Hey, listen, thanks a lot, guys. Have a great weekend. You too. All right, bye. Bye. Look at this guy. He's doing a painting. What is he doing, man? He's making a painting. He's making a painting. He's making a painting. He's making a painting. He's making a painting. He's making a painting. He's making a painting. He's making a painting. He's making a painting. He's making a painting. He's making a painting. What is he doing, man? He's making a painting. What is it? A paint enema? Yeah, it looks like some guy got a blue paint enema and then he's naked squatting over a big white canvas. I think let's lose and that's his art. Leroy Nieman is proud. That's great. All right, Spaz, sit down. Let's get some weekend review out of the way before we get out of here. And Scott's going to make fun of you. I'm going to wreck you, man. Try to rest me. Spaz, what do you think of Scott, the little person to your left there? He needs very little. Let me see you harass me. He's tiny. Tiny. He would kick your ass. Punching me in the kneecaps. That's the NYPD on the phone. There he goes. Back in Another Night in the Salamence. The pride of Slotsburg. All right, let's get right into Spaz's weekend review, okay? Yeah. We'll try to get through the first story here. This is K-Dog with the... This is K-Dog with the... This is K-Dog with the... This is K-Dog with the... This is K-Dog with the... This is K-Dog with the... This is K-Dog with the... This is K-Dog with the... This is K-Dog with the... K-Dog weekend review. Let's just get right into it. Just so you know, there's no sports or entertainment breaks. Let's get right on news with K-Dog. Okay. A wife and a husband go to church. The husband looks at another girl. So what does the wife do after being Catholic and holier than now? She decides to try to run him over with a car. If I look at another woman, then all I get is just a little, like, don't do that again and a slap in the arm. But this woman went psycho and she tried to run him over with a car. After two attempts, she didn't get him, but then hit him with a third attempt. And they're only 22 years old. Let me tell you something. If you're not... Are they married? No, no, they are married. No, no, they are married at such a young age. Stupid. Young and stupid married. Never marry when you're young because it just never works out. You get cases like these, like, like wore the roses. Anyway, the guy jumped out of the way both times, but the third time stood in the middle of the street with his arms crossed. Then the woman hit him. Listen, if a person is trying to hit you with a car, don't stand in the middle of the street. Words to live by, Lloyd. Anyway, he went flying and now he's in a hospital and the wife is being charged with attempted murder. Okay. All right, so... I'm surprised you didn't comment a little more on that story. Did you see what type of church it was? No. It was a Southern Baptist Church somewhere in... Like Alabama. I believe it was Alabama or something. Then it had to be African American. Oh, I don't know. I was just saying maybe you would have commented somewhere. You're dissing the brothers. I'm not dissing the brothers. You're dissing them. Usually a Southern Baptist Church in Alabama means it's an African American church. Okay, so now do you have any more things you might want to add to that story, knowing those facts now? Well, I'm saying it, but the story doesn't really surprise me. All right, Spass. So you think that every person that gets hit by a car is just too stupid to get out of the way? Well, this guy stands in the middle of the road with his arms crossed. If the woman tried to hit him twice, you don't think she's going to go for a third time with him standing? I'm more fascinated by his take on what happens to him when he looks at another girl. So what happens? You're walking down the street with the lovely Erica. You look at another girl. What happens? Honestly. Honestly, well, it's like, well, it is disrespectful to her. So what are you doing for? I just do it out of habit. Habit? Can't you pick your nose, scratch your balls? What are you going to do that for? I still do that. So is it your luck and your punishment is moving to Sloan's Park? No, that's not the punishment. Sloan's Park, I went there once. It was closed. What up, Bump? Spass, he's a beautiful town. He's got better jobs than me in the RFD. Yeah, you're good. All right, let's move on with Spass as we can review. Yeah, not much to that story, I must say. Let's move on. A judge is trying to tamper with a jury. We got an African-American judge who is trying to make sure that the jury is full of African-Americans as well as Hispanics and other people of shaded color. What? Other people of what? Shaded color. Shaded color? Yeah. Where did you get that? From Crayola? Where did you get that from? Water doodles. Other people of a shaded color, the Grease Man. Well, it goes back to last week when I said that I can't tell between Puerto Ricans and Cubans and everything, so they must be of different shades. Neither could I. So... Well, the Cubans smell a little worse than the Ricans. Water doodle, bone dry, snarling. When I was slinging lead with the Washington police department, I used to come across a lot of spades, as they're called. People of colored shades. Bonehead, bonehead, dead. Me and a spade have a lot in common. Yeah, both races, dead. Bonehead, bonehead, dead. Snarling, dead. All right. We'll be back with more of the Grease Man Show after we make some racially incented remarks. Different shades of color. Different shades. Nice. So he's manipulating the jury system to make sure that another African-American who is on trial gets a good trial by his peers. I guess it's because the trial's in a white neighborhood. Okay. Okay. Let me just tell you. No matter what manipulation you do to the judicial system, it is never swift and is hardly ever just. The black man will always get put down. No matter what. No matter what this black judge is trying to do, which he'll probably get fired over, I think it's a very noble cause on his part, but then you're going to have other people just come down on him. Seriously, I think that he should not manipulate the system. I think that he should not tamper to put more African-Americans and Hispanics and other shades of color on the jury system. I think that he should be picked justly. And I'm sure that these white lawyers will pick her justly, putting very influential people, very smart people in the jury system that will judge this in a civilized manner, in a just manner. So anyway, this guy is risking his job. I just think that he shouldn't be doing this because it just tampers with our already failed judicial system. Okay. Lordy, Lord, he's desperate. Do what he says. Do what he says. Help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. All right. Oh, my God. I have no clue what you were trying to say there. Absolutely none. Scott, do you have any idea what he was trying to say there? When we leave today, you got to walk out first. Yeah. Because I mean you and you ain't walking out together. I think he meant that no matter what happens, the black man will always be put down. Yeah. And it's a bad thing? Oh, okay. No, no, no, no. A Reverend Al Spass. I'm just saying that she shouldn't be tampering with the system because no matter what, the black man's going to go to jail. Oh, my God. Whoa, what's up? And why is that? Because that's just how the judicial system works. Man. A lot of black people would agree with him, I guess. I know. The Bronx right now, everyone in the Bronx are cheering. But I don't know what his motives are here. Spass, their new leader. No, I'm just saying that they probably deserve to go to jail most of the time. Oh, okay. Now we're back to Spass. Okay, listen. Oh, man. You are probably the most despicable man I've run across as far as being racially insensitive. And not racial. And before you burn it. At least you didn't say anything about the Jews. Although I don't like the way you say judicial system. Let's move on before he buries himself. Oh, man. Speaking of. Black people tampering with the lives of white people. Let's go to Zimbabwe, shall we? Zimbabwe is a country in Africa. It is telling all the white people that they should leave. Said he wants to seize half the country's white-owned farmland and told whites they are free to leave. Okay, let me just say this. You are not in a position to tell white people that we're... Holy, what are you going to say here? You have turned the Week in Review into the KKK... Message of the Week. Message, yeah. You are left to your own devices because nobody got a chance to screen through your little Week in Review that you do every week. Left to your own devices. It turns into a platform for hatred. I don't hate anybody, though. Oh, my God. It's just my thoughts. Hold on to your... And he can't even see. Hold on to your hats. So the white... So they have no right telling the white people what to do. They're not in a position to. This is the guy in Washington, DC. In Zimbabwe? They're not in a position to? No. Why is that, Spence? Because the Dutch moved in there. So now they own the... Who are white, and they are now... There's not many white people in Zimbabwe. We're getting there. We're getting there. We're getting there. We're getting there. Oh, my God. How much windex did you drink today? We're getting there. We're free to leave. Okay, we're free to do whatever the hell we want. We don't need you to tell us that we're free to leave. You may be black, and blacks rule Africa, except for South Africa, for the Dutch are, and other people. But I'm just saying, you should not... It's racism all over again, and you're promoting it in Africa. I can't imagine why he got arrested. I can't imagine why this man got arrested. Oh, Spence! So blacks are in charge of everything in Africa... Except for South Africa. Well, who runs that? The Dutch and the other people. Since when? Since when their boats came in. How do you think that... And what happened? What happened? The boats came in in the 1800s. Wait a minute. The Dutch invaded South Africa. How do you think Nelson Mandela got to jail because of white people living there? Yeah, but don't you know he's been out for a while? Yeah, I know. And do you know who's in charge down there now? Another black guy? Spence, why don't you finish this eye wash bottle? Yeah, really, drink up. Drink up. L'chaim. Are you almost done with the farmers in Zimbabwe? Yeah, excuse me. Which is where all you people came from in the first place. So it is not your place to stay, and we will stay there as long as you choose. Please, Spaz, we go. And flying off to the southeast. What is he doing now? Yeah, you know what's so good about your weekend review, Spaz? The way you presented, I get the picture that we're flying around the globe. All of a sudden we're in Zimbabwe. The next stop, we're flying where? Southeast. Southeast. To where? Vietnam. Vietnam. Today's movie, Short Eyes. What are you going to say about... Southeast of Zimbabwe? No, no, no, we fly to the southeast. I thought we were leaving Zimbabwe and flying southeast. Spaz, did you move 2.5 hours away from the city to get away from black people? No, but there's hardly any in that town. In Sloatzenberg? Maybe like one or two. Well, hopefully you could get rid of them, right, Spaz? Yeah, yeah. I don't have any hatred. I love everybody. Spaz kind of explained to us at dinner why he's like this, by the way. Oh, did he? Yeah. Yeah, I remember that story. Is that the one with the guys in the train? Yes. We talked about it when I was... When he was mugged? Yes, in school. Yes. You want to tell that story? Maybe this will help you a little, I doubt it, but... 1995 was my very last day of high school and there was an attempted mugging on me. I never gave him a dime out of my wallet or my gold watch and he slashed me two times in the back, still had the scars, 20 stitches per slash. And it was a black guy who told me, by the way, saying, you've got to pay dues to walk in my neighborhood. I don't pay dues to any black man to walk in his neighborhood. Next man makes a move, the nigger gets it. Oh, Lordy Lord, he's desperate to what he say, to what he say. Excuse me while I whip this out. So that's what happened? That's what happened. And this, I think, has affected you, affected the way you look at people. I'm scared to think the subway. All right, let's go to Southeast Asia. All right, now we're going to the South... And flying off to the Southeast. It is the 25 years after the Vietnam defeat. And that happened almost a week ago. Who was the winning pitcher that night? Defeats. Who was that? Any home runs that night? Here's Chris Russo, where you need him. All right, my game. Oh, yeah, Sunday out of Vietnam, we suffered a pretty good defeat. I don't know, we started out pretty good early in the innings. In the later innings, we got out taken out by Charlie. Like a ball game. It is the 25 years after the Vietnam defeat. And that happened almost a week ago. So people were visiting, including Mr. McCain, who is a POW, and sometimes goes berserk remembering the war days. Anyway, it's 25 years after we... What do you mean, he sometimes goes berserk? Anthony makes believe he goes berserk. He's a little bit of a jerk. He's a little bit of a jerk. What do you mean, he sometimes goes berserk? Anthony makes believe he goes berserk. He's never gone berserk. No, I just heard because when you're in wartime and then later on after wartime, you remember the thing. So when you hear a loud bang, you hit the deck. Not every guy that was in Vietnam has that happened to them. I was in Vietnam. It's called a flashback. I was a bullish. Defeated the yellow man, the slanted eyes, the ones that could be blindfolded with dental floss, the gooks. Now, what happened in the train with a Vietnamese person? Did they kick you in the shins or something? Where does your hatred for Asian people come from? I just find them annoying. You find them annoying? Spaz, if we're ever going to do another Weekend Review with you... Hold me. You've got to do one of these without being a racist idiot. I will. You're just being like an idiot now. I'm not racist. I'm not short. We defeated them 25 months. They defeated our ass 25 years ago. We should have just bombed every one of them. We should have just instead of dropping... You know we dropped 200 in Japan. We should have dropped 10 on these people. 10? Just destroyed the whole country. The amount of things that they did to American soldiers, they shouldn't deserve to live. They're just... I think they're more racist than Americans. The way they act towards us and the way they did in the past war, we were trying to help them out, settle peace and be a democracy, set up a communism state, and how do they repay us? So I think we should just bomb the whole country and Vietnam should not be existing but a pile of mobile right now. Spaz is wearing a short t-shirt. Shorts? He's ready for hell. Spaz, if we would have nuked Vietnam, what would have been the repercussions? Nothing because they would have been a power rebel. Wrong! Who was backing North Vietnam during that war? North Vietnam. Who was backing them? The Soviet Union. Very good. Is that your final answer? Is that your final answer? Would you say things were a little touchy between the Soviet Union and the United States in the 60s? Like touchy to the point of we all thought maybe we were going to die in a big nuclear cataclysm. Yes. So if we'd nuked North Vietnam, don't you think that might have put a little pressure on the Soviet Union to nuke us? But we didn't nuke them. We were nuking North Vietnam. Nuked. What would have happened if Russia nuked England, which was an ally and still is of the United States? Would we not turn around and nuke Russia? Probably. Yes. Your politics are effing hysterical. They're effing ponderous. Do you think at all? Do you put any thought into what you're saying? When did you do this? Last night in jail? When you dropped the salt? When were you doing all this? The ramblings of a man with a plunger in his behind. Speaking of McCain, speaking of McCain, who's the fuck is he? Speaking of McCain, he's trying to make nice with Reverend Al. Is this going to be another racist thing? My God. Oh my God. My whole report is racist today. I'm not racist though. McCain is a racist. That's the old gag. McCain is a racist. Before he said that Ted Al Sharpton is an intolerant man, but now he's being in peace with him. He's trying to help out Rudy G's campaign. I think that he's... Like a friend of his. Rudy G. Like a buddy. Oh my God. Rudy G. But I'm not racist. That's like saying as you lay there with a guy's junk in your face, another one knocking at your back door going, but I'm not gay. See, I'm not gay, so it's okay. Junk all over you. I'm not gay. Rudy G. I think that politicians... See, this is way... It goes back to my first week in review. Politicians play dirty politics. They'll do anything. They'll change your minds, and nobody will catch this except for a few smart people like myself. Nobody will catch this because the media portrays it in a certain way to just grab the reader or the listener or the viewer. These politicians just change their minds to suit their own needs, to suit their needs of getting elected as well as put money in their pockets. See, they need the African American vote. They need the black people. They need the black people to get voted as seven in this state. And so Rudy G. is pulling out those stops. He's pulling out the cancer thing. He's pulling out the cane thing to make nice nights for black people. He's pulling out of... Wait a minute, Rudy's pulling out the cancer thing. It's surgery for Rudy. He's pulling it out right now. Yeah, much like Stunberg. Oh, it's like a way that he's going to get sympathy. So he just came up with having prostate cancer. He's playing the sympathy card so he can't get attacked by Hillary anymore. Hey, Bobby Benio just walked in. So... Ah, yeah. Black girls don't look like Bobby Bo. Spaz. Spaz. So you don't think he has cancer? Magically, he was able to will himself to get cancer so he can get Hillary off his ass? No, he has cancer, but he's exploiting the disease to suit his own needs. Oh, Spaz. What did he tell me? He just told people he had it. What, did he lie to me? I'm only kidding. Why wouldn't he tell people until after the election? Why does he have to tell them before the election? Because he's playing dirty politics. It's not broke on line six. It's just Sharpton is an idiot. But I think he should still see through this. And that's it with that. That was your line four. Alright, listen, Spaz. What else is on this Week in Review? Retards, chinks, homos. Yeah, I got in late today. I wasn't able to screen this mess you're calling the Week in Review. What else is on here? I totally forgot. I had a headache when I did this. I'm very passionate about it. Oh, I forgot. The cop car was a very bumpy ride. I can only write so much. Alright, we'll try one more story. Okay, moving right along. There's another African American just trying to... What are you... Oh my God. What's wrong with this African American? I got to hear the story. You don't remember what you said? No, they're all alike. All the stories. It's not like baby Huey. Do you want to hear this, Ant? I really don't know what it is. I don't know. Let's let it roll. There's another African American just trying to bleed the hearts of New Yorkers, much like Reverend Al does a lot. And this guy was a subway push victim. He got pushed in front of a subway and now he can't walk. So now he's trying... You're making fun of the guy that got... Oh my God. Oh my God. You're making fun of him. Dude, I will step over this console and beat the living crap out of you. I'm not making fun of you. I'm not making fun of you. What the hell are you going to say about that guy? I'm just saying that he didn't lose any money. I was about to say that he's not losing... Hold on. We'll go to this. Dude. So now he's trying to get all these donations. He's not trying to do anything. He said he didn't have enough for his new house so he's pleading for more donations. He needs a new house. He doesn't have the leg to stand on. But he was saving the money before he got pushed. The guy is now shorter than Scott. I'm telling you. Yeah, but he didn't lose any money. He's in charge. He lost his legs. You jerk. His insurance pays for that. The insurance doesn't pay for everything. He's got one leg now. But his insurance... He didn't leave that much money. This guy gets pushed in front of a subway, loses both legs. He's an African American, which I don't know what that has to do with the damn story. How to tie in the two stories together. Oh, great. How to tie in. How to tie in. And you're pissed off at this guy because he's asking for money? It's because he had enough saved up at the house before he got pushed. What did he use the money for? Oh my God. What did he use the money for? Spaz, what do you think he used the money for? He's using the same place for the medical bills. Finance advisor. Spaz. Doesn't it? Stupid! You're so stupid! Spaz, he's now handicapped. He can't just get a walk up at this point. Okay, I understand taking donations, but now he's got enough for the house. Now he wants more? To get what, appliances for the house? Spaz, take your throat first. I'm going to hear what he says on this tape. I mean, Kim getting hit by a car, or by a train, he has insurance. They take care of that. So he loses no money out of his pocket. Now we have to lose money out of our pocket to give it to him. What's his legs? And they said, well, I needed a goal to get my dream house. So they reached that goal. Now they're saying, oh no, we need more now. We underestimate how much we needed. Well, go screw yourself. I mean, you got enough money from us. He's got no legs! He can't screw himself. Oh my God. Spaz. He got enough money from us and now he's begging for more. He's not! And first of all, it's a charity. It was in the paper. It's not coming out of your pocket. They've been having fundraisers and stuff. So if you feel... It was in the paper. More important than this, we missed something earlier. Spaz, who are the Nether people? They come from the Netherlands. The Nether people! I don't know what they're called. Are you kidding me? It's the Netherlands. The people from the Netherlands. The Nether people, they're from the Netherlands. And people were calling earlier and giving FUs out to you and I because we didn't have sympathy when he almost got arrested yesterday. Right. But I can understand giving him donations, but come on, he's begging for it now when you've given him a ton of money already? How much did you give him? I didn't send him anything. Okay. So what's his Wii? Have you been watching him on TV and stuff? He's not begging at all. In the paper he was. He was not! In the paper it said so. What paper? The Daily News. Watch your comic book? What paper? The Daily News said it last week. The Nether people Gazette. You don't even have sympathy for a guy that loses two legs. I have sympathy for some wacko pushed him in front of a subway. I have sympathy for that, but is one thing... What do you think he's going through with his family? If the African Americans didn't push him. No, you're not getting the point. I can understand giving him donations, but when you go out there, once you've got a ton of donations and then beg for more, I think that's a little off the wall. That's not what's going on. In the paper it said, I'm asking for more money because the money has not been met for the money I need for the house. So what's in his bank account? John Rocker checking in and I was suspended? Yes, exactly. He failed reading comprehension in school. He had to. Psycho Mark first came in. Even Psycho Mark's getting pissed at him. Psycho Mark's probably the biggest racist I've ever seen. What do you think insurance? Everyone just has insurance and you just get everything for free? Give us some money! Give us some money! He had money for the house before he got pushed and now we give him donations. I understand that, bleeding hearts, but then to beg for more? You don't beg? Stop begging for more! You don't beg for more? You don't beg? Stop begging for more! You don't beg? This from a man who stood on the street yesterday and let people yell at him for five bucks, alright, until he got arrested for racial remarks that he was yelling at a crowd of innocent bystanders. That's not all racial remarks. And Jemima? And Jemima. That was the only one. I thought, I love the pancakes. I want to hear the rest of this. If you have enough money for mercy, you have money you need, you didn't lose anything except for your legs, your insurance pays for that, okay? So stop bleeding in your pockets. Stop in your hands now, no big deal. I'm talking about New Yorkers. Okay. I could be that monkey I could always be now. I got the hands, I got the... Do we even try the next story? You haven't had one story that wasn't racist. I'm not racist. Alright. Now we move on to teachers. Teachers are being accused of helping kids cheat. Are you going to mention black kids now? You are, aren't you? No, unless they're mad at us. Ah, good. An exam. They're not smart enough to go to school. They're rotten apples. And despite a crackdown on cheating, some city school teachers are still helping students cheat on high-stakes standardized tests. So basically, Americans are already dumber than Japanese people, spread that way. As much as I hate the slanted-eyed people. Oh, man. There it is. I thought he was going to go against the blacks on that one, but no, the Asians again. Oh my God. You guys can stay here if you want. I'm going home. Spend this week in racism. I'm going home. I'm not racist. You got paraplegics pissed off at you, Vietnam vets pissed at you. Take your time. Vietnam vets pissed at you. KKK, dog. Black people pissed at you. The wolves will probably piss at you if you don't. Nukes, spaz. You misinterpret me. Misinterpret? Dude, this thing, you're bits over. You're done. You're done. It's misinterpreted. I'm just commenting on news stories. I'm done. Oh my God. Thank you, spaz. That's only half as weak in review. Spaz is weak in racism. I'm not racist. What else is on this tape? Quite honestly, I do not remember. I don't remember. Well, later. Thanks, spaz. I don't want to hear anymore. So we're up here. I want to thank Scott, the little person for stopping in. Look at Spaz, he's all upset now that Opie yelled at him. Opie, who he's been trying to get closer to. So I'm calling him at home and all of a sudden now he's all freaked out that Opie is dejecting him. I don't want to be close to you. I'm going to get shot too. You're not racist. Dude, it's not even funny. It's just stupid. That's like a duck walking up to you and going, I'm not a duck. Right. No, it's a duck. No matter what the duck says, he's a duck. I'm not a dwarf. No matter what the dwarf says, he's a dwarf. Maybe try that, Spaz. Am I a dwarf? Or a duck. What is he, a dwarf? I'm not a dwarf, I'm a little person. I'm a duck. See, do you get it? It doesn't matter what he tells you. I'm a human being. You know that he is in fact a dwarf. Right. Misinterpreted. I've been misinterpreted by the blacks and the slanty eyes. You are unbelievable. All right, we're out of here. Oh man, what happened? Earl just took the paddle to Spaz's ass. We got a race riot going on in the studio. This is real stuff. This happens all the time. They're going to fight. Bobby Bo, get the bat. Oh man, they're going to fight. Guys and black girl, fight them. I got my money on Bobby Bo. Earl's shaking though, man. Oh, Spaz. Oh yeah. Earl just lifted Spaz up in the air. They're back down on all fours. All right, Earl's down. Spaz has the top position. This is better than Midget Wrestling. Earl's down though, but he's putting up a fight. Earl's doing very well. Come on, Earl. Spaz trying to reach over. A lot of people out there counting on you. Take that. Okay, the flip over. I got to switch mics. It does look like a 69 now. Spaz's legs are like all flopping around. Oh, Spaz just giving Earl karate chops. What the hell is he doing? All right, now Spaz has Earl in a headlock. He's got his legs around him. It looks like an Oreo cookie. Look at that. I'm not racist. Look at the look on Spaz's face. Spaz has him in some wacky ECW type hold. What is that, Spaz? A leg lock. It's a 54-leg lock. God damn. I think that's a sale made there. All right. Help him up. We end the week with a little race riot, a little fight club. Earl finally had it. You go, Earl. All right, Anthony, really fast before you leave. If you're in the New Brunswick, New Jersey area, right now as we speak, a bunch of people from the Radio Chicks show is down there. They're celebrating Cinco de Mayo and they're at a bar called On the Border, which is on Route 1 in New Brunswick, New Jersey. I guess they're having a huge Cinco de Mayo party. You don't have to enter the party to get your wow stickers. I guess they're handing them through the fence because I guess this place is huge. And a bunch of people wondering if they have to go in to get stickers. No, you don't. They're right there near the fence giving out the wow stickers. Okay? Can I get one shout out real fast? Yeah, go ahead, Scott. My nephew is Anthony Michael Christopher and my daughter, Amanda, I love you. Go to bed. I'll be home soon. All right, very good. And with that, we finish another wonderful week of Radio Anthony. Absolutely. Have a great weekend. We'll see you guys Monday at 2. I like when a functioning idiot without a high school diploma gets a job in a radio. O.B. and Anthony. Theater of the mindless. 1027-9-W-N-E-W.