 OP, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass, you're obviously a stud. The OP and Anthony Show. It makes me sick. 1027 WNUW. Damn! Goddamn, we're back. Alright, vacation's over. That's it. Taking a four day weekend, I apologize personally to our faithful listeners out there in Radio Land, Anthony. Technically a five day weekend. That wasn't worth Thursday. Yeah, that's true. We have lots to cover today. We certainly do. But just so you guys are convinced that we are live, yes, it's Tuesday, May 30th, baby. And we are back. Year 2000. Year 2000, right. Yeah, this could be a tape from last year. Planet Earth. People are starting to call, there we go. You guys understand, right? Right? You had the chance to take a four day weekend, wouldn't you? Hey, look who it is. It's Lazio. Look out! Senator! Yeah, leave the Senator alone. The polls are changing. We're going to get Lazio in there after all. That poor bastard though, man. Every picture. Him with his face on the pavement. You know, we've all done that though. I did that recently in Boston. I was running down the sidewalk. And something happens with your feet. And you fall in slow motion. It takes you about 30 feet before you hit the pavement. What an embarrassing picture on the post, man. It's him with someone helping him out. He looks all disheveled. He split his lip wide open. He's got a big fat lip. He needed stitches. What'd he get, like 15 stitches? Yeah, Rick Lazio falling down at a Memorial Day parade in Babylon. He was too pretty anyway. He slipped as he sprinted to catch up with other marchers. He's wearing those shoes. He should be wearing sneakers or something. It's perfect though. He's a pretty boy. You've got to scab him up a little bit. So the average voter can vote for him. It's funny because now in the picture he almost looks like Ray Boom Boom Mancini. Doesn't he? Yeah, you're right. He looks like Boom Boom. Yeah, a little bit. His lip all cut out. That's funny though. Remember when Doll took his fall? Gee. Do we have the Bob Dole falling contest? Yeah, me and Opie did that. We had a Bob Dole falling down contest when he fell to see who could make the best noise falling into debris. Bob Dole, you remember, he was on a podium. He was on a little stage area with a railing. He went to lean against the railing to shake someone's hand on the railing gateway. Oops. He never even lost his pencil. He still had that pencil in his hand or the pen. Hey, I fell down. He should have looked right into the camera and went, Live from New York on Saturday night. That would have gotten him some sympathy vote. That could be pretty funny. Rick found the Bob Dole thing really fast here. Ann is first. We did the Bob Dole falling down contest. This is legit. This goes back a couple years ago when Bob Dole fell. A couple years. It's probably like three years ago now. We've been at the cutting edge of politicians falling down for years now. We got the whole staff to just bring in all the debris they could find laying around the radio station. Ann and I decided to see who could fall down the best and then we had the listeners vote. First up is you, Anthony. I'm just getting on the chair, man. I'm getting on the console. Anthony's going up on the chair. You're a wimp because if you get on the console, you're a good eight feet off the ground. I am staying on the chair. I'm jumping into a pile of garbage. I'm going to kill myself. All right, fine. Let's see your Bob Dole falling down invitation. All right. Hi, people. Bob Dole. Look, I want to meet my public. Let me kiss some babies. I'll get to the edge over here. That's going to be hard to beat, bro. How do you feel? Bob Dole. That was awesome. That hurt. We have video of this somewhere. We've got to get that on the unofficial website. And this is my try at the same thing. All right, it's my turn. He's climbing up on the console. All right, Anthony. I'm eight feet off the ground, man. Don't do it off the console. You're going to hurt yourself. Well, it's the Bob Dole contest. It's radio. Don't hurt yourself. My fellow Americans, I just have to say to you, just don't. Are you all right, man? That hurt. It's radio, you nut. Dude, help me up the floor. What are you insane? Someone get this pen out of my nose. Your hand is cut. I know, man. Well, you win. I win. You win, man. By the way, what do I win? Nothing. We didn't even bend anything. Ow, my elbow. I ended up spraining my elbow. Yeah, I remember. You cut yourself. It was ridiculous. Anyway, cool. Cool. It's a Lazio fellow for the weekend. Yeah. I still think he's the man for the job. Oh, without a doubt. Anybody but that goddamn Hillary Clinton. The polls are changing, Anthony. Yes. I think he's in the lead in some polls at this point, which is crazy. Do you think the fall helped him or hurt him? Ah, sympathy. Yeah? Yes. And then he says, I was so happy to be back home, I kissed the ground. They got to get those little funny little... Put on pump. Yeah, like when Reagan was shot, he was joking with the doctors. Remember that? Yes, well, I thought he missed me. Yes, what? Hello. Anything to get away from Nancy's big head. Shoot me. They always joke when they get back, but man, what a lippy he's got on him now. So, it's funny. We've all done it, though. You're running and all of a sudden your legs just like you trip over one foot or something. You're like, I'm going down and there's nothing I can do about it. Someone commenting on your voice in the old tapes. Has your voice changed? I think so. Since you've been on the air? I finally reached puberty, yeah. Was that it? That's why I hate... Hey, it's Opie! That's why I hate playing the old tapes because I get abused every time. You keep promising you're going to bring in some of the really old tapes. There's no way... Like Rochester and stuff. There's no way I'm going to do it now. No? Because that's only a couple of years ago and you hear... Boogie kappa booty toot! You hear the difference in the voice. It's Opie! Boogie kappa booty toot! I was more excited about doing radio back then so my voice was high. I guess so. I don't know. Whatever. I'm trying to share an old bit with everybody and I get abused. What? I don't get that one. Yeah! I'll abuse myself. Why? Hey, Opie, I saw your picture in the new issue of WWF Raw Magazine. Yeah. That's a nice set of man boobs you have there. Oh my God. I'm going to be a man. I'm going to be a man. I'm going to be a man. I'm going to be a man. I'm going to be a man. I'm going to be a man. I'm going to be a man. Oh my God. I haven't seen the picture yet. They have these places nowadays called gyms. You should look into it. You got to see this picture. I don't... Look. Look at me, right? Okay. It's not bad, right? No. In this picture that the WWF shot, I'm like nipping out and stuff. Oh really? Really bad boobs. Is that the 12 year old pointy ones? The price you pay. It's so funny Joe mentioned that because I picked up the Raw Magazine yesterday. Yeah. And I saw that. I'm like, whoa, what is that? You take pictures, man. Sometimes you get a wacky shadow in there or something. You're like, oh, now I got to live with this until another picture comes out in public. Hey, you know, I'm no Arnold Schwarzenegger or anything. That's wonderful. It's fantastic. But I don't know. Plus, I've been working out since that picture. I think that picture is like two months old now. Are you happy with our large boobs? Oh wow. All right. Well, I had a bang up week and we all did. Well, Anthony... We went up to Boston. Well, we're going to get into all that next. This was kind of just like the pre-show. Yeah, I know. We got to talk about that. I got to talk. I think I saw Mission Impossible 2 this weekend. I think I did. We'll talk about Mission Impossible. We got to talk about that. We'll talk about the Knicks. We'll talk about one of the best concerts I've seen in five years. Unbelievable. We got to talk about Stone Temple Pilots. We went up to Boston to see them in this huge, huge concert. Foxborough Stadium up there. River Rave 2000 in Boston. There was like 10, 12 bands on one stage. Another like 10 bands on another stage. It was sick. It was absolutely sick. We'll talk about that next, all right, Anthony? Yeah. Because we could tell you all about Scott Weiland and STP and how great they sounded. They rocked. And if you got something for the show, 212-757-1027, it's ONA and we are live today. It's Tuesday, May 30th. I promise. We're here. Give us a call and we'll talk to you next. Obey. Keep your hands away from your pants. Too late. And Anthony. I'm just a plane in the back. More stupidity on the way. 1-0-2-7-W-N-A-W. 212-757-1027 is our phone number. It's the Opie and Anthony Show. Hey. Our new pal Richard Patrick and Filter in the background. Wow. What a blast we had, man. Yeah, we saw Filter over the weekend. We saw Godsmack over the weekend. We saw STP, Static X, Power Man 5000. I didn't see Cypress Hill because I wanted to get home. Yeah, we got to talk about it. We went up to Boston this weekend. Yeah. Our old stomping grounds. Yep. We were invited to the WBCN River Rave 2000 up there at Foxboro Stadium. Foxboro Stadium, a football stadium full of lunatics. 60,000 people checking out this show. Insanity. I believe this same show is going to be in New York very soon. Yes. Most of the band is playing. Under a different name. Under a different name, yeah. Three letters. Yeah. Three letters. What are the three letters? DFP. DFP, okay. That's our sister station. I think we could give them a little plug. We're all one big happy family. WBCN up there is one of our stations under the Infinity Umbrella. Right. OP. You know how palsy we were with them for many years. Yes. Now we've broken bread, mended our bridges with them. We were privy to great, great concert, man. What a concert. Yeah, it was our first public appearance in Boston since we got fired for saying the mayor died in a car accident. Yeah. I mean, we've been up a bunch of times since then, but this was the first time we actually got to see our old listeners and stuff. It was pretty cool. We got to get back up there. We ain't leaving this place. Hell no. I think we have a bigger audience down here than we ever had in Boston, but we definitely have some fans up there and we're going to try to syndicate the damn show eventually. Stepping out on stage in front of all those people to bring on STP was like, oh my God. Looking out at a stadium full of people. Let me tell you something. I've been in front of large crowds as well as you have, Anthony, you know, introing bands and stuff on stages. That was the biggest throw of my life this Saturday. It was 60,000 people. They announced our name. The place went BS. How many chances do you get to stand in front of a football stadium full of people like that? Right. That was pretty sick. We announced Stone Temple Pilots and I've got to tell you guys, you guys are in for a treat when they come to New York. They are right on the money at the top of their game. Unbelievable. Scott Weiland is back. Better than ever. Sounds great. I've seen STP a bunch in the past and I've got to say he never sounded better. Think he's off the dope. Well, that's what they're saying. I was reading an article in Rolling Stone magazine and it looks like he's clean for now. For now. The rest of the band is like very weary about the whole thing. It's got to be scary. It's cool but we're not counting our whole future on Scott Weiland. You think they get done with the show and put him in that silence so the lambs get up and just pop him up in a corner on a hand truck with a mask on so he can't do any drugs or anything and then wheel him out for the next show? Because the rest of the band has got to be like, we're cranking again. How many chances are we going to get to redeem ourselves after this guy F's up? And then they come back and now I mean better than ever. Unbelievable. Hit after hit after hit after hit. That's what it was. You just forget how many freaking Stone Temple Pilots hit songs there are and you want to hear every single one of them. They played them. They had 60,000 people sing along to Plush. It was one of the sickest things I've ever seen in concert. Pretty cool. And Scott Weiland with that damn bull horn, god is that cool as hell. Did security kick you off the stage? What happened? No, I wanted to see I want to see STP from the crowd. Oh, okay. You were like right on the side of the stage for STP. Oh my god. Like 15 feet away from center stage. Like I was right on the side of the stage as they're playing. It was unbelievable. Like at one point at the end of the set before the encore, Scott Weiland comes over and he's like right next to me and he kind of looks at me. I look at him. I'm just like, I go, I go, god damn Scott. F'ing fantastic. I know what he's saying. What are you saying? And he's like, you know, I kind of like raised his eyebrows like, eh, you know, takes the towel off his head, runs back out and goes up. But it was just like, da, da, da, da, da. No one was looking at him. No one was cool. He knew he was on too. Yeah. He just knew. It was just amazing. Did that STP from the city, did any members of the band clue you into their next secret concert this time? Yeah. Oops. Steve cut it out. I have a sense of humor out there, but you're going to get us in trouble. But they were absolutely amazing. Yeah. We have a new best friend, Richard Patrick and filter. Wow. Now we have to go this guy party. Holy smoke. Filter had a great set up there at the River Raven, Boston. And he was like walking around backstage and he was beating himself up, going, man, I sounded great, but my band sucked. They were a little off today. And I had a cuddle and go, dude, man, you sounded unbelievable. It sounded great. It sounded great. You know, stop beating yourself up. And that's when he looks at me, looks at us, he goes, oh my God, open Anthony. Yeah. Now we got to go back. If you guys remember, we interviewed a filter about a month and a half ago on our show here in New York. And we told you that as they were leaving, Richard Patrick said that it was the best interview on the entire tour. It wasn't an interview. Right. We were just hanging out. And that's what you should do if you do a radio show. Screw the interview. You should just hang out and have fun. But he said it was the best interview or hang out. He's done the whole tour. And then I've heard that the past, like, whatever, they're just kissing ass, blah, blah, blah. But backstage in Boston, he reiterated, he said, you guys, man, I had so much fun with you. So then all of a sudden he goes, hey, man, you want to go drink some beers? Yeah. Well, of course, we were with our friend Jay up in Boston, too. And boy, that boy likes to drink. Well, he's a virus. And between me and him, we're like, you know, it's a constant search for fresh beer. So the little backstage area, the beers were out. So we're like, oh, where can we get a beer? So Rich is like, you know, oh, I got beer back in the dressing room. Like, oh, cool. We'll follow you. Yeah. He pulls out a big bus tray full of ice and beer and vodka and whatnot. And we just sat down on the couch as impounded. Yeah, he was so freaking cool. He's going to call us this week because we hit it off. We hit it off to the point where he goes, hey, man, what do you guys do tomorrow? Like, I don't know, probably going back to New York. You know, we're up here for the weekend. He goes, hey, you want to fly to Washington? We're playing Washington tomorrow. Love to hang out with you guys some more. Like, well, yeah, we got to get back. Yeah, we we unfortunately have real lives. We're not we're not rock stars like you guys. We could just like fly around the country drinking and performing on stages. That was funny, man. We're getting tagged. But we had a great time when he's talking how he wants to get an ultralight. Yeah. So just like, man, I want to get an ultralight. Yeah. What are you crazy? Like you get killed or break your neck and the black. No, man, does that look like the coolest thing? And you don't need a pilot's license or anything. Yeah. I'm laughing my ass off. Come on. No, it was interesting to kill yourself. No, it was interesting about that whole hang out with us and him and everybody. How he was talking about what Atlantic City? Yeah. And he was really distraught because he lost 21, 2100 dollars, 2100 bucks in Atlantic City. And I'm looking at him like, but you're like a rock star. You had the hottest rock song of the year last year with like platinum, man. You know, more than platinum might think it afford 2100. But he was like, like you and I, he was bombing. And he was as bombed as as you and I would be if we lost 2100 in the land. So that was that was a highlight. Then we got to see God smack our old pals. Yeah, they were on freaking believable rock. That's when the place went completely bull crap. And the people up in the stands. In a human waterfall over the side to get onto the field, the police had nothing they could do. There was nothing they could do. It was a human wave. We took over the stadium. It was funny. I was standing kind of side stage, but kind of on the field. But on the backstage side of the barricade and people just pouring over. And I'm watching going, oh, man, if they lose this side, the stage is gone. Yeah, that's it. Yeah. So everyone's jumping over and the police can't do anything about it. This one drunk guy decides to jump down, like right next to where I am. And there's like five cops right there. So he took the brunt of the frustration the cops had that they couldn't do anything about the thousands of people that were going over the wall. But if you move down 10 feet and jumped over, you'd have been fine. But he jumps right in front of the police and they just grabbed them and hundreds upon hundreds of people just running onto the field. Yeah. It was cool to watch that whole thing develop because, I mean, we've all been at these stadium shows and stuff. Yeah. And there's a bunch of people, you know, on the floor and a bunch of people in the stands and the people on the floor were encouraging everyone in the stands. Come on, man. Come on, jump. And everyone in the stadium was pushing, you know, closer and closer to the front row, Anthony of the, of the, you know, the stadium park. Yeah. And then finally it just takes one brave soul to go for it. And slowly but surely they start, you know, trickling over the walls and then. So chicks like trying to jump over the side with their skirts and stuff and their legs are in the air, they're hitting their heads. They're like falling off of the side thing. It was hysterical. Yeah. Oh, that, uh, overhead camera thing on the boom, you know, the concepts that got the boom cameras. It was panning the crowd at one point and got a little low and some guy jumped up and grabbed it, pulled it right into the crowd. And that says a few bucks. They're writing about you and I in Boston the last few days too. Oh yeah. We caused a little problem with all the girls flashing at the concert. What happened? Oh, we just encouraged everyone to do some wowing and little wowage. I've never seen more breasts in my life, especially on the big, uh, jumbotron thing. They got there. The camera, the screens. Yeah. They had all the, all the wowing on the screens for just boobage or 60,000 people. So that, that was unbelievable. We had a pisser and then, um, someone wants to know if Stephanie McMahon was there. Yeah. Stephanie McMahon, another new friend of the radio show. And I are reminding our own business, drinking some buds and playing some of the video games backstage in between, in between bands. And all of a sudden I hear, where's Opie and Anthony? I want to meet them. And here comes this, this, this woman, this incredibly gorgeous woman walking toward us. She is so freaking hot in person. It's not even funny. Yeah. TV does not do her justice. Unbelievable. I think she's hot on TV. Don't, you know, don't get me wrong, but in person it, she is, yeah. So I like right there, she's, uh, got, got a little skirt on, showing the legs, which are like really shapely legs forever too. Long shapely legs, just beautiful in person. Big set of cans on her, right? Oh yeah. Remember she was talking about how saggy they are and stuff when we interview her. And then she's, you know, it's funny. She's talking on the phone with us last week about how she, uh, feels that her breasts are saggy and that somebody here said that she had a flat ass. So now we're looking at a live and what are you looking at? Her ass in her boots. You're just looking at her ass in her boots to see, you know, you're trying to talk to her and Stephanie says she listens to the show a lot. Let me tell you, Stephanie, you do not have a flat ass. No. We saw for ourselves. Why? She looked hot. She really did. Unbelievable. She'll kick your ass. I think, I think she's been working out. Yeah. You know, she's getting some muscles. This guy said he ran into you up there. Uh, Tim, what's going on? Hey, what's going on guys? Hey man. Yeah. I remember you. Security guy. Yeah. Yeah. That was the sickest show I've ever worked in my life. You guys were at a loss when people just started pouring over the front, man. I still got no voice left trying to get my guys out of the barricades. Yeah. You guys pulled the barricades away. I just saw the perimeter getting smaller and smaller. The security perimeter, they like totally disconnected some of the gates and then connected them to make the perimeter shorter. So it ended up being just about by the stage area. Yeah. Yeah. They would have gotten past that. It would have been all over. We had a push into the wall. We just said, we knew we were going to lose it. We just didn't know when we were going to lose it. Yeah. I, I swear I thought the stage was going to go. If one smart ass hops over that gate and a few other people go, they had the cops in riot gear backstage waiting. It was, I gotta say though, it was a tame show in general. What a 90 arrests out of a 60,000 people. Yeah. That wasn't bad. And if you go to their website, WBCM, whatever it is, yeah. The total count on hooter shots is 1041 different hooters. Are any of those boob shots on a website? Cause our listeners would love to check that out. There's no boob shots since the band. That's the difference between Aunt and I and everyone else. All those boob shots would have been on our website and everyone could check them out. Cause there was, there were hundreds upon hundreds of women just showing their boobs at this concert. There was so many different shape, sizes, forms. I don't even look, I'm in the city right now. I'm not even checking out hooters. Yeah, that rock man. Yeah, what I have. What we got? I just wanted to call in and just, you know, I gotta get my voice back now. Yeah, you better drink some of that tea. Another thing, I cannot believe the static between the two media stations up there, that WAAF too. Well, we're the big problem. We're the problem between those two stations man. Cause we were the one who, and I put AF on the map in Boston and then they fired us and now we're working for BCN. So it's just a mess up there. An absolute mess. The only way to really get kind of a line on what it's all about up there between the two radio stations is picture if OP and I all of a sudden turned up on K-Rock. Just blasting how any W sucks. Oh my God. We were, we're over there like and buddy, buddy with people that we on a daily basis say we can't stand. Yeah. That's what it would seem like. There was the plane pulling the banner around saying WBCN sucks and all that. Oh yeah, they're intense. They hate each other. It's great. They hate each other and we're the main reason for that. We are. The people are screaming at you guys when you guys get on there. Yeah, that's right. People are roaring. We haven't been up there in like two years and the response was very, very flat. It was, it was awesome. We had a guy. I didn't make a minute of checking and say hello. Well, actually, actually Anthony, we got a, uh, instant feedback from the mayor of Boston. Oh yeah. Thomas Menino. Hey you guys, you were in Boston. Why didn't you stop by to say hi? All right, Tim. Hey, thanks a lot guys. Thank you. Hey Karen. All right. Karen, what's going on? Hello? You want to correct our grammar? Yeah. Um, who was the one that said about us, about Opie and I, I guess it was Anthony, right? Uh, what did I say? You said about Opie and I in whatever. It should be Opie and me because it's object of the proposition. Oh, object of the proposition. Jesus Christ. I love you guys and I think you're great, but I don't want you making mistakes like that. Yeah. Hey Karen? Yeah? Could you make sure I have proper grammar on the file, uh, the following statement? Um, is it going to be me? No, not at all. You sure? Yeah. Oh, wait, it'll be now though. That was grammatically proper. Uh, I don't believe the FCC would allow that to, uh, to air. You stupid bitch. Oh, that's okay. I hate when people correct our grammar. It's not easy to do four and a half hours. I'm slangs going to pop out and yeah, our grammar is going to suck from time to time. Sit back and enjoy the show. Now, how would I place it? If I was hanging out with her, would I say the jizz bucket and me or would I say, Hmm. Me? I don't get it. All right. Don't correct our grammar. We understand. Please. We're not English professors. We're stupid radio personalities trying to entertain you. You hang on a bar with your friends. You're correcting grammar. Jeez. Oh no. Life. And no, who else we saw up there? Oh, Dave from the world of real world. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Brought in his stuff. This guy had an entourage, uh, that was larger than scow islands. He, he, he thought he's from Boston and he was walking around like he was the S you know, yeah. Had a whole entourage. So I'm glad he wasn't looking anyone in the eye. He's just walking around like waiting to be noticed. It was sick. It was hilarious. It was sort of sad. So it was just a lot of fun, man. Yeah. What a party. Fun. And that on the heels of the road show Thursday. Yeah. Why don't we talk about the road show next day? Yeah. Yeah. What a time we have to take a break, but, uh, when, you know, when stone temple pilots come to New York, all we have to say is you guys are in for a huge tree and absolute huge treat. What? July 31st PNC art center and August 12th and 13th at Jones beach. Yeah. That's what the chili peppers and fishbone. You're going to love it. It's my favorite band again, Anthony. Yeah. I'm just sorting through instant feedbacks. Got a lot of them. Yeah. Since we're coming back. Yeah. You know, a lot of people, uh, missed us. I guess. Jesus. Uh, we had to take some time off. Hmm. How is dog sick too? People saying not too many close up shots of the ladies from the road show. We got a lot of, uh, a lot of video and pictures up on the Foundry music site. Yeah. Let's get Steve from found your music.com on the line. Yeah. Cause he's going through video still. He's got hours of material up on the unofficial OVN Anthony website. Let's talk about the road show next. Anthony 2127571027 and we're doing another wow sticker stop today. Anthony, why is Earl going? It says Earl. I don't want to read that name anymore. If he's going, I don't care. Don't write it down anymore. Psycho Mark, you going? All right. Psycho Mark's going to be at drive. Psycho Mark's going to be at Strauss discount auto. Strauss discount auto pick up your Excel micro edge wiper blades. Oh, very good. Bosch Bosch micro edge Excel. What? Bosch triple edge micro edge Excel. Wipe. I don't know. Whatever. We get with your wipers. Get your wow stickers. Today's wow sticker stop, which is Strauss discount auto 664 East 14th Street. Strauss. Where's that between, man? Do you know off hand? 14th and what? That's probably, you know, what? It's it's down. It's way on the east side. Way on the east side. Okay. 664 East 14th Street Strauss discount auto. Psycho Mark will be there around 430. So stop by and say hi to him and get your wow stickers. We'll talk about the road show next. Stay there. Hey, what's up? This is Gino and this is Richard and we're from the band filter and you're listening to our friends, Opie and Anthony on one or two seven WNEW. Anthony price line.com. Ah, yes. Priceline is all over the place, man. We talked to William Shatner just before we took the weekend. Yes, we did. He didn't want to speak with us. It sounded like, uh, he got on the phone and realized, uh, who we were. And that was it. Yeah, that was all right. Whatever. We, we're not going to be friends with everyone. We know that. I love Captain Kirk and watch all the Star Trek episodes. Uh, Priceline, of course you've seen William Shatner price line. Everyone knows what Priceline is all about. It's naming your own price for just about everything in the world. It's amazing. Now you name your own price for groceries every single day. Priceline figured out a way to name your own price for groceries. Everything you buy beef, chicken, soda, cereal, coffee, diapers, whatever. You could save up to half off half off your grocery bill. Every time you go shopping, it's not a delivery service. You log on to Priceline.com before you go to the store. Name your price. Get your groceries wherever you like to shop. A and P shop, right? Wallbounds, King Collin, Christides, dagostinos, food, Emporium. Get the message. It's like everywhere you shop first airline tickets. Now groceries at up to half off. Just log on to Priceline before you go to the store. Name your own price Priceline for groceries. It's bigger than. Ben. We are done for the day. Fun. You guys are really funny and stuff, but you guys take it too far to the point where I literally get nauseous and sick listening to your radio show. We'll make a mitle. 2127571027 is our phone number. You want to send us a fax to 1 2 9 5 7 9 6 3 9. Joseph Prano from Foundry music dot com. Always checking in. Kudos on your new legal ID. Where is that? Give me that legal ID. Look what the station did for us. Howard by Opie and Anthony by infinity broadcasting. She is one of the seven. Wow. We are taking over. How ladies and gentlemen, we are taking over. Kudos kudos on your new legal ID. However, when you hear any W on the weekend, it's hard to believe the station is powered by Opie and Anthony. Ah, yeah. So they play that and then they go right into like some moldy old the Neil Young song or something. Great. Hey, Daryl from Westbury. Hey guys, I got Stephen Lynch and Mike's FBA live at the road show on MP3. So if anyone wants to go to Napster, just don't sue me. Yeah, we're taking down names. We've gotten a lot of emails. We're all over Napster. Yeah, we don't mind being on Napster. We're we're one of those artists that appreciate people downloading our stuff and then running it around. I think we're going to talk about the road show, but you mentioned Napster. I got a very interesting email from one of our listeners and he makes some really good points here. Anthony, is he sure it's one of our listeners? Yeah, definitely. We got some intelligence out there. Robert writes to whom this may concern my thought. Did he snort like that? No, I'm sorry. I'm still stuffed up here. My father told me of this web page and told me I should write this letter to you guys. I am one of the unfortunate people who are caught up in the mess with Metallica and Napster and banning all the people that have downloaded their songs. Do you know what's going on with this, Anthony? Yes. You want to explain really fast? Napster website you can go to and you trade MP3s, you trade music with other people that are logged on to Napster. You have to download their little software and stuff and it's easy. It's quick and it's pretty cool. I like it. Well, Metallica had a problem with it because a lot of their music was being traded back and forth. Lars took it upon himself to sit down, I guess, and take down all the names of people that have traded Metallica songs on Napster. And they got the names of over 300,000 people. And now these people have been banned from going on to Napster and trading music again. Well, one of the guys wrote us and he's bummed out about that. Okay. Okay. I've been trying for at least a week now to find a place where I can find Metallica or at least a place where I could email them with the problem I'm having. I downloaded three songs that Metallica put out a long time ago from their album called Metallica Metallica. Now, the problem I'm having with this is that because of those songs, I am being banned due to the fact that they think that I am not a fan who has bought the album and that I am allowing others to download them for me. However, these songs that I have downloaded, I have on a CD of theirs that I bought around four years ago and I have never let anyone download them for me for the fact that if that it slows down my computer and I only have Napster so I can listen to music late at night when I'm doing my homework as to not disturb my parents. So I am asking you if it's if it's at all possible, if you know of a place that I could contact them or write to them and explain the problem that I am having and that I have in no way allowed anyone to illegally take their songs from me. Thank you very much. Sincerely, Robert. Wow. Yeah, they they banned everybody. They banned everyone that was and here's a kid that bought the Metallica music. He's downloading it so he can listen to this stuff late at night because I'm assuming the entertainment center is probably close to mom and dad's room there or something. So he's up in his room doing his homework or hanging out, you know, checking out porn sites, whatever he's doing it and listen to Metallica. And now he's getting screwed. How many times have you whipped off a tape for somebody in your day? You know, you ever like you dub a tape? Give it to somebody. I think it's the spirit of rock and roll where you turn other people on to music. You get it. You get an album and you make a copy and you go, dude, check out the latest from God smack, let's say. That's pretty cool. I'm going to I'm going to, you know, I'm going to become a fan. I'm going to go to the next show. I'm going to, you know, buy their album, whatever. Yeah, I think they're screwing over their their core audience. All the people that were behind them for years and stuff, those are the people that are going to the site to Napster and download the music. What do they think it is? What do they think people are downloading it, pressing out one hundred thousand copies of these things and selling them for millions of dollars in their own pocket? No. Yeah, it's a bunch of people like that kid that wants to do his homework and listen to a tune over the computer. And that's who's getting shafted by this. And Lars would say that the problem is, you know, the copy you get is just as good as a digital master. He says in the past when you had an album, then you made a copy on cassette. It wasn't the greatest quality. It wasn't as good. Blah, blah, blah. And that's where the difference is. Please don't get more money for another soundtrack to a lousy movie. But they don't have enough money coming in. Well, the problem with Metallica now. Well, I think the guys are a little hypocritical because if you know anything about Metallica, first of all, to this day, they encourage people to, you know, set up the video equipment and the audio equipment at their shows to tape it. And bootlegging always a big part of Metallica. Sure. From the beginning, because they weren't getting any radio airplay at first for the first 10 years they were around. No one was playing their stuff. You think if Jerry was still alive, man, Jerry Garcia, he'd be all pissed off and after to know God, that would be a shame, wouldn't it? You know, all of a sudden, well, do you? Yeah. Well, when Metallica first came out, it was, you know, people were just making copies like crazy of of the albums and sending it to their buds all over the country. Yeah. That was their main marketing when they first started. Yeah. So it's kind of hypocritical now to say, hey, man, it's not cool. Mm hmm. How were they banning people from Napster? I don't understand. Like, I know a lot of you. I don't want to get into a bunch of technical computer stuff, but a lot of people that log on to computers have a what they call a variable IP. It identifies you on the net. But every time you log on, it's different. It's different, right? Unless you you're running like this place where you're working in a company, you have a line and you have a static IP number. It's the same every time you log on. Right. So they could identify that. How do they do that? You could just log on under a new name on your computer and start downloading again. Mm hmm. Maybe somebody could help us. Metallica is screwing a lot of bands that, you know, that don't have any marketing or or way to distribute their music. A lot of bands that are trying to make it are putting their stuff on Napster for people to check out as well. Anthony. Yeah. And, you know, Metallica says they don't want to, you know, they don't want to ban everyone, but it's going to be all or nothing. Ben from Long Island, you could get back onto Napster if Metallica kicked you off by going to ask dot com and typing in how can I hack Napster? Hack Napster. I don't know if that's true, but that's Ben trying to help us out a little bit after hearing Lars pissing and moaning. I'm glad to be dead. Oh, Cliff Burton, thank you for not drawing the short straw that night. Wow. Oh, wow. I saw behind the music, too. Hello, Mike from Lodi, New Jersey. I got shafted by those sellout Metallica apps, too. They suck. I want my Napster back. According to Soundskin, Metallica sold 12000 copies of their 10 year old Metallica album last week. Twelve thousand last week alone. So what are they bitching about? People are still buying their stuff like crazy. Yeah, that's just that. I really don't think this is going to take away from their income. You know what I mean? Uh huh. Mark from Brooklyn. Sign that the apocalypse is coming. See seeing Lars doing a Sunday morning news show. Yeah, he was all over the Sunday news shows, which is so bizarre, man. I guess the next step is having hard rock bands coming up on stage in suits and ties. Maybe they'll ban beer at the shows and start serving caviar. Tell that guy to go to WWW.scour.net to download Scour Exchange. It's the same thing as Napster for video, music and images. Napster uses cookies and puts other stuff on your hard drive to identify you. Well, you can erase those. You could delete those cookies. Johnny B. Stuhl from Jersey writes, Yeah, but instead of giving a few tapes to a few friends, you're giving it to millions of people. I mean, how do you guys think these musicians make money by overcharging in the record stores? Wake up, Johnny. What an idiot. Yeah. The CD prices have been ridiculous. Yeah. You think Metallica is starving? No, I think they're doing just fine. I wouldn't worry about it. Steve from the city. The sickening thing is that they used to encourage bootleg tapes. Metallica has sold out almost as much as. Name, we're not allowed to say on this show. Fill in the blank. Mike from Manhattan. Metallica should concentrate their efforts on the buying and selling of U.C. These artists get no royalties off of these sales. Napster users don't buy or sell. They're just trading. Yeah, you know, it's like, hey, can I come over and borrow your CD? You make a tape or something. It's ridiculous. It's been the spirit of rock for as long as I can remember to get, get albums, make cassettes, turn them on to your friends, make a cassette for the car, whatever. Turn them on to your friends, make a cassette for the car, whatever. With these MP3 players, you know, you want to download all this stuff and put it on an MP3 player. Just easier. Tony from Hurley. F Metallica. Could they stop pissing and moaning about fans? If they have a good argument here, then fish fans everywhere are in deep S. All right. Mike really fast here. Hey, Mike, what's going on? How's it going, guys? Um, you just gave it out right there. And that's what the cookie on your computer. Delete all the cookies. You get right back in. Yeah, that's what I think. Yeah, that's what I did. I got back in on my computer. There was one cookie that wouldn't delete, but I finally got rid of it and let me back in and asked, did you get banned? I was banned. You were banned, huh? I was banned from Napster. And another thing you should do. Wait, wait, wait. All right. So were you banned for doing the whole Metallica thing? Yeah, I was banned from the whole Metallica. All right. What were you doing with your Metallica downloads? I've just downloaded them. Not a listen to them. I was playing a game online. So you weren't downloading them and making CDs and sending them off to your friends? Not at all. See, I think most people are not doing that. You just download it. First of all, it's something kind of new and stuff. You download it and you just want to see how it works. You do it because it's like, wow, you could do this. This is pretty cool. Let me hear what it sounds like. You know, running off a master and then pressing out CDs so a Nigerian can sell them on the corner. What does that all about? Yeah. I think it's a small percentage of people that are turning around and trying to make a profit off their stuff in that way. Got another way around it for you. Yeah. There's a website, Nappigator.com. OK. You can download a patch that puts you right back in the match. You just use different servers to get in. All right. Cool. Thank you, buddy. No problem. All right. Don from East Meadow. Metallica should be enemy of the show. By the way, I just finished downloading about 10 of your bits and Stephen Lynch's songs. Yeah, we're all over Napster. How many how many bits we got? Let it rip, man. It all depends on how many people are logged on with our bits on their own hard drives. So it varies. You guys get our stuff all over Napster. We don't care. Yeah, we don't care. We have a CD out there that sold a lot of copies, but we don't make any money off it. We don't care. Rob from I just want to spread the word the word of the show. Rob from Jersey. Lars and Metallica are doing this not for the money. They're doing it to protect the musicians and the right to have the music on such a service as Napster at this point. Napster did not give Metallica the choice to have their music on Napster. Let me let me tell you something, Rob. Their music isn't on Napster. That's the whole thing. It's on other people's computers. You just use Napster as the go between between your hard drive and someone else's hard drive to get the music. So Napsa can't be held for posting Metallica's music without their permission. It's just like a place that people go to trade stuff. Used to do it with porno pictures. Remember, no one cared about that. Right. You go into the little chat room. Hey, man, you got any big breasted teens? All of a sudden, you're trading pictures. It's all about it's all about fighting the system, though, too. We're sick of the prices of CDs. Now, if we're going to find a way where we could get some free music here and there from a friend or from this service, we're going to do it. So we've been written, you know, raped over the coals for too long now. I think this is going to hurt Metallica. Mike from New York, really? There's a site you could go to to pay back Lars for the MP3 as you download it. Yeah, this site is around. It's www.paylars.com. Are you just as disgusted as I am? Napster, it's going to be big, really big. Let's see. Trey from Fish says he's OK with Napster. What's Lars going to do next? Look, I don't like people coming to the concert and listening to the music and then leaving with the memory of our music. So like we're going to have people get full lobotomies after the show. So like that way, they'll have to like come back again because like they're leaving with the knowledge of the words and music that we like put together. Shut up. Evil kid from the city. Bottom line, it's illegal. It's copyright infringement. And dude, stop making it sound like it's only Metallica that that's pissed. There's many artists in the music industry pissed off as well. You explain to me how the hell that's copyright infringement. It isn't. Go ahead, evil kid. Explain it. It's not. It is not. Soon it's going to be, I swear to God, it's bordering on you play the stereo loud enough where people outside your house are going to hear it. Oh, wait a minute. Now you bought this just for you. And now someone passing by is going to enjoy the sounds of Metallica. You know, can only be played in soundproof room. Eat me, Lars. Mike, what's going on? What's going on, guys? How are you? I'm pretty good. Actually, I think everyone made my point. That being the first demo they made was completely gotten across this country by illegal copies. Yeah, I know that. I know it's kind of like they lost their hair and they lost their mind with it too, I guess. I've been a Metallica fan since the beginning. You're so right. Their first album was bootlegged all over the damn country. That's how they became popular. Copy. Yeah, I mean, you can feel like the P1 to VH1 special is exactly what they go into. Yeah. They were making copies in their basement, basically, and just mailing them to people handing them out at their road shows and saying, pass this around for us. Yeah, well, it just goes to show, I guess. Right? Yeah. All right. In the case of Metallica, so I have to worry about this kind of crap. All right. Cool. Bye. Yeah, Limp Bizkit's doing that free show sponsored by Napster. Yeah. Mike, what's going on? Hey, what's up, man? How are you? Pretty good. When did Lars become such a cheap ass? Yeah, he's got more money than God, man. It's horrible, isn't it? It's a little, little strange. You know, back then, I remember when I was listening to Metallica, they were like, so cool because, you know, like they wouldn't do videos and all this crap and they had the hardest band and now they're like the biggest commercial punks. Right. Now they're wearing makeup and stuff. It's pretty sad. All right, Mike. All right. Later. Thank you. Go to Shane real fast. Shane, you're next on WNEW. Hello? Shane, what's up? You know, like, you're cursed, so no one just heard what you said. Shane, Shane, you can't use the hands. When they release singles, you can just buy a tape and record it on the radio. I mean, or record off MTV or, you know, and then give it to your pal. Yeah. No one's up in arms about that. Or even, even when you run a dupe off of a tape, a cassette player, or something, or give us a friend. When they have a CD release, like show on 9323K Rock and you hear the whole album, you can just record it on a tape. Yeah. All right. Well, thank you, Shane. Peace out. Yeah, rock on. Rock on. John from Queens. Uh, didn't movie studios get all pissed when VCRs came out? Everyone said people will tape movies and not spend any money in the theater. Yeah. Remember that? Guess what? Movies make more money now than ever before. That is true. Groups like Metallica are so short sighted. Good job to piss off your fans. Metallica. Uh, Bill from Brooklyn. What about the fact that Metallica blows and haven't put out a good album since and justice for all? A lot of people. Yeah. Getting really, really pissed. Well, the hardcore fans were pissed off at him, uh, uh, before this because, uh, they said they sold out. Now this is only reinforcing it. I mean, this is really pissing off the fans. Yeah. Let's go to Jack. Jack. Hey, Jack, what's up? Hey, how's it going guys? We're doing well. What's up? Um, just letting you know, if you go to any of Metallica websites, uh, like met on tour.com, right? It's got this really cool intro and everybody's yelling like F no Lars F Lars. Right. And that uses flash. The only way you can get audio in a flash is through MP3, which means all the interest to all their websites are encoded in MP3. That's like the biggest irony of it all. That's interesting. So, uh, peace out guys. All right, Jack. Thank you. Take care. All right. We're just about done with this. Wendy, what's up? Hello. Hi. Hi. Hi. Oh, hello. Um, I'm not sure what website it is, but there's a website you can go on and Lars is asking for money. Uh, pay Lars.com. Yeah. They're asking for money that they lost from their, uh, record sales. Uh, to be fair, he didn't, he didn't put that up there. It's someone with a lot of, so I can joke. And then I thought he put it up there. No. And also I, they didn't lose, uh, record sales because of, um, that's there's a new stuff. Sucks. That's what people are saying. Yeah. I used to love them. They're doing stuff. It's awful. All right. Thank you. Thanks. All right, Anthony. Hmm. And that's what we have to say about that. That's all I got to say. Bob and Jersey, if it's illegal to make money off of other people's ideas, then why is J more walking free? You guys have a great sense of humor. Why should I pay $15 for a CD that costs less than a dollar to make? You got to pay it. You got to pay it. You got to, you know, pay an S load of people. They have to get their cut. All right. Yeah. That's about it for the Napster thing. Thank you very much for your input people. Yes. I'm I'm right now at the who cares phase. I, I, I went there once and like with my connection, it would have taken like an hour to download something. So I said, screw it. Yeah. That's pretty funny. Down with Metallica from hell. Screw Metallica. They can't stop us. They suddenly turn from the, the bad ass and the leather jackets to the dork who's in, who's the hall monitor. There's one more I want to read before we go into break here. It's actually a different topic too. Oh my God. You guys are killing us with the feedback today. Did you see Kid Rock and raw last night? Yeah. It almost sounded like you said F right over the air and the dumb guy missed it. And he bleeped like the next 10 seconds of what he said. Well, that constantly happens. They definitely got the F word out last night. I'm totally totally dead. It was like the whole word except for like half the K and then a big 10 second bleep after that, all the C got in there. Yeah. Just half the K was missing. Right. So I mean, and then they always do that though. And someone curses on that WWF when they're doing a live show and then you'll hear for like 10 seconds after the curse. Good job. Yeah. They sounded great though. And raw, they should do that on this show. We've, we've got a few curses. Yeah. And let's take a break. All right. What the hell? Kid Rock's new album comes out today. American bad ass. I don't think it's going to kill anyone if we play one real fast here. Okay. All right. It's W any W we will talk about the, uh, the road show. Next will be identity. One Oh two seven W any W mad pad from, uh, Selden, Long Island. Hey guys, I was watching the people's court yesterday and I saw a shady guy looking around and then all of a sudden he held up a wow sign and then slipped out of the picture smoothly. It was pretty damn funny the way he did it. Yeah. We got lots of reports that wow made it on the people's court yesterday. Thank you for that. I'm seeing the stickers everywhere. Everywhere. It's just taken over. Absolutely amazing. A lot of people want the wow t-shirts that we were given out at the road show. I didn't even see one. I threw a couple out, but I didn't even see what they looked like. They're there. They look just like the bumper stick. Oh yeah. Black t-shirts with the, the, the wow logo looks great. We're going to have to try to figure something out. Cause we've always said we're not about merchandising and stuff. And we don't want like the coffee cups. Like you see like the Z 100 crap. Yeah. Yeah. We never want to be known for like having like an open entity coffee cup all of a sudden or something like that. But I don't know. These wow shirts are pretty cool. Yeah. And a lot of people want them. So we might talk to the bosses and see if we can maybe, you know, sell them really, really cheap. Oh yeah. Maybe we're going to talk about tomorrow. There is a demand though. I mean, a lot of people emailed us and said, Hey, I was at the road show. I want one of those wow t-shirts. We'll go broke if we just make them and give them to everybody. Like, wow. Yeah. So we'll have to figure that out. Very popular item at the, uh, at the road show though. Yeah. We'll talk about the road show next Anthony stacker to the world's strongest fat burner summer officially here, I guess. Huh? Yeah. Is it too late to get the body in shape? Yes. Definitely. So now what are we talking? Get the, get the body you want in time for a winner. Yeah. You know, right off summer people, you're just going to be pudgy. But start stacker to now there's still plenty of time. Yep. Get a lose that weight with stacker to the world's strongest fat burner up. You take it within 45 minutes of taking it. You feel its effects or you get your money back. Lose that fat ass. Well, I don't think it's too late because we haven't had beach weather yet. Anyway, now that's right. Wait, it's almost June. I think everyone was wearing their like a fall clothes on the beach this past weekend. Yeah. Uh, I gotta say one thing about stacker too. They have the best TV commercials. Yeah. I was watching that on WWF. You see that girl with the nips popping out. Yeah. Fat guy dancing around and singing. How do they get away with that? I don't know. All right. Uh, everyone knows what stacker to is about, right? Yeah. World's strongest fat burner cuts down on the cravings to snack and gives you a boost energy adds up to losing weight. And, uh, there's still plenty of time left. Come on. What are you doing? What are you waiting for? You're gonna be laying out there. Oh, look at that big fat ass. We all see it walking down the beach or something. It's like, ah, you're looking at the blankets. You're like, okay, that's like, oh, look at that big fat ass. After seeing my picture in the latest raw magazine, I think I'm going back on the stacker to get rid of the man boobs that one listener says I have. That picture was pretty disturbing. Give me a stacker too. I'll pop one right now. Stacker to stacker to yeah. Give them a call. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E or visit them on the web www.stacker2.com. Stacker to the world's strongest fat burner. Our listeners have proven it works. But we'd sure like to pin our legs back like a Tyson chicken. Radio. Gonzo style. Opie and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. I love that one. Britney Spears is on MTV right now. I'm checking out our camel toe. Oh yeah. And that red latex outfit of hers. That picture is on Foundry on foundrymusic.com too. Is it really? Yeah. I still picture severe camel toe. Let me see. I got, I gotta say, looks like she's smuggling a yo-yo in her pants. Yeah. In front of her pants. She's wearing a rubber suit, like a red rubber suit. Jeez. And then back to Carson. Carson Daly too hip for the room. Yeah. Look at him. Yeah, I'm here. I know. What I got the best job in America, but I don't care. And there's fat Dave. Isn't his time up yet? You got fat Dave. Poor guy. Anyway, Anthony, back to the show. Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven. Kathy from Jersey. Hey, what about the dead guy in the fall? The dead guy in the foam. If you were at our road show, I'm proud to announce that no one died. No, we did forget about a guy in the foam. When the foam like dissipated, what's the word? I know that's a good word. Dissipated. We had foam on a road show. You've probably seen him at like the, you know, rave parties and stuff. The big huge pit and it was pumping foam out over strippers and naked women. It was amazing, but I didn't even hear about this until right now. Well, this guy got rambunctious. Yeah. Cause he wasn't supposed to be in the foam and he jumped over the side to get in in the middle of the lesbian action going on at the road show in the middle of the foam. Yeah. And he just flat out fell, knocked, knocked himself out. Yeah. And no one knew it. That's the funny part. No one knew it. We saw it on the video though. There's video of this guy and they only found out after the foam dissipated. Like the guy is out cold under the foam, but no one knows. He's damn that's great. I didn't even hear about that. So they, they, I guess once the foam dissipated, they saw a guy laying there bleeding from the head out cold, not bleeding to death or anything. Just a, just a little head injury. Oops. Oops is right. Yeah. Well, I'm not supposed to be there. I, I, I'm proud to say the guy's doing fine. Anthony. Very good. He called the show a little while ago. Matter of fact, he's okay. He's a okay speaking in complete sentences. Yes, he is speaking better than spas. Matter of fact. Yeah. We got a blast at the road show. Wait, this guy, Steve, Steve, what's going on? How you doing? Great. Let me turn that radio down. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was standing right next to the guy. Soon as the wood fell down to the floor and all the girls were gone on the side, this somebody screamed out, jump in. This guy took a flying straight into the, into the pit and he didn't come up for a minute or so. And so one of the bounces came up and picked them up and realized he's all bloodied up and I didn't know what happened to the guy. That's great. Yeah. Great show. Cool. What a dope. It was a lot of fun. Thank you, Steve. Have a good one syndicate. Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to do that. Syndication when we hear what he was going to say. Yeah, exactly. That's it. Don from East Meadow, Steven Lynch and fuel kicked ass at the road show, but looked like an AIDS infested crackhead after the dunk tank. Why couldn't you guys just drown him and make all our lives a lot happier? Well, I don't tank water. We didn't know. Uh, the staff, uh, had, had put ice in it. Yeah, they were, they're not fans of spas either. So they decided to put a ton of ice in the dunk tank before spas stepped into it. I was wondering, cause I was looking over, we were, uh, quite a ways away, but on stage you could see the dunk tank and every time spas went in, it looked like he was going to die. Like he made this face like, like his face just contorted and he fell in and he couldn't get out fast enough and he was shivering. Yeah. It was pathetic. It was pathetic. His, his lips were blue. Anthony. Blue. Well, there's a bunch of, where do you want to start with the road show? I mean, God, yeah, we had, uh, over 2000 people there. 2200, I guess they're, they're saying. Yeah. Was the official count for our road show. So first of all, we want to thank everyone for supporting the show and I hope you all had a good time. I was talking to Scott Colombo. He goes, I was just part of the largest bachelor party ever. That's what it amounted to. It was just a huge bachelor party. We should call the Guinness book of world records. We might've thrown the biggest bachelor party last Thursday. Were there any bachelors there? Yeah, there were a few. There were a few, Anthony. Uh, well, first off, uh, if you left town early or you didn't hear the show or you weren't at the road show, there's a couple of things you could do. There's 120 pictures from our road show at w any w.com in the opiate Anthony section. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well, I only went through about 50 of them. Now there's the, he's up to 120. Well, nice. Uh, those are still pictures and I, and let's be honest, most of them PG rated. Yeah. The good stuff. I mean, the stuff on any w.com is, is very nice and all that, but the good stuff. Is that a foundry music.com F O U N D R Y music.com. That's the unofficial opiate Anthony website. Uh, Steve has, I don't even know, like 30 or 40 video clips. Anthony. Yeah. He's got a lot of stuff. He's got a video clip of fuel singing baby raping live in front of 2000 people. He's got a clip of them singing camp concentration. Uh, your brother's singing old mine fewer, um, horny for little girls is a clip of that. Yeah. He hasn't even gotten the Steven Lynch stuff up there yet. He's still going through videotape. He has seven hours of videotape. That's what he said. Seven hours. We're only there for a couple of cameras going at the same time. Okay. I was doing the math real fast there. Oh, thought you got me and, uh, he's only had half through all the videotape. So this is gonna be even more clips in the coming days, but go to foundry music.com and see what you missed. Incredible stuff. Guy says, uh, stoner, Matt, the road show was the biggest and best sausage fast I've ever been to now. That's not entirely true. No, out in the crowd were girls on shoulders showing their boobs. I was impressed by the female turnout. Yeah. Mulcahy's and Wanta and that was a great road show. 1400 people there. I think there was five girls there. Let's be honest. Yeah. But at this last road show, uh, the female, there were definitely a lot more females. Yeah, definitely. And I think every single one of them showed their cans. And that's so funny when guys are so interested in what we were wearing. Like this guy's abusing you. And then, uh, uh, Don from East Meadow, was that Anthony's new gap look since Wendy gave away all his dirt bag gear to the homeless? Yes, indeed. That was my new groovy gap. Uh, what was he saying? Happy shorts. What was he saying about me? I don't know. I read something about you with, uh, with your sandals, like somebody was giving you hell about that. Teeves it's summer. I just threw on Teeves. How come we, we don't get any emails or calls from girls about what we look like and what we're dressed like, but the guys will chime right in. What's the matter? What's the matter, Don? I wasn't wearing something that you felt was sexy. You know, I mean, do I care what Don thinks I'm wearing? Don, there were naked frigging women the entire time we were on stage. What the hell were you doing looking at my shorts? You fag. Oh, Ian from, uh, Whore Thorn, uh, did old dirty get any bitches at the road show, Anthony? Is that Don on the instant feedback? Where are those pictures? I, old dirty did not get any snatch at the road show. No, no. He behaved for once. Old dirty, uh, was, was molesting one of the dancers. She didn't seem to mind them. So it's the, yeah, they're used to it. It was just insane. I mean, when at the end of the show, that one girl, what was her name with a Whiffle ball bat, Madison, our favorite Madison, you might remember her from, uh, being here in the studio with the large carrot and the asparagus. Uh, she did, let's just say she took a Whiffle ball back in front of a festival crowd, front of 2000 people. I mean, Jesus, that was the sickest reaction I've ever seen in my life. And then it's like just screaming at me and going, dude, she's doing it. She's doing, oh my, oh my God. I could not believe that that was going on. I could not believe that, that she was taking a Whiffle ball back. No, no. What was cool about that, that though was the build up because we weren't sure she was going to do it. And then it was obvious she was going to do it. And the place just lost it. I thought we were going to have a riot. They were just losing it. They're like, oh no, she's not, she's not, she is. She goes, there was more nudity there. It was just amazing. Yeah. Old dirty's on the line. Oh, Dave, old dirty. What up, baby? We haven't seen you since the road show. Yeah, man. You're not calling from prison. No, no, yo, it's all good, man. I'm keeping out the hands of the NYPD. They got the hands full with all the crap that's going on. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yo, y'all behaved, yo. Yeah, you behaved at the road show. Yeah, man. No complaints, right? No. Yo, yo, this get Norris. Norris look pissed, man. Jeff Norris? Yeah. He's a, he's a judo champion. You better watch out. Yeah, why? I was out of his way. I don't know, man. He looked upset, man. I don't know what was up with that. Yo, the show was slamming, right? Yeah, it was great. It was good, bro. No doubt. Yo, you heard somebody died in the phone bath or? They didn't die. They didn't die. It's all, it's like the rumor gets built up. Cut it out, man. The guy's fine. Yo, my man PR told me, yo, after the phone dissipated, there was somebody knocked out. I was like, what? Yeah. Well, he wasn't supposed to be in the phone. What is he doing in the phone? Yo, the girls- That was for the girls. Yo, the girls were frolicking in the phone, kid. It was off the meat rack, yo. Oh my goodness. Did any of the video clips of the phone stuff make FoundryMusic.com yet? I don't think so. I didn't see any myself, but... Yeah, I had to see it, man. It was crazy. Yeah, it was a good time. I'm glad you came and had fun, man. Yeah, man. No doubt. The fans were... The fans, bro. You guys got a crazy fan base, man. You could tell these people to do anything. They'll do it, bro. Yeah, I think we're running out of road shows, unfortunately. It's getting too off the hook. Yeah, it's getting really insane. We had 2,200 people there. We thought 1,400 last time was huge. Now we're up to 2,200. I think it's time to move this whole shindig to a stadium. Then we'd have to do it in a professional way. Kenny from Bergen County. Does Anthony have a Budweiser in his hand and all of his baby pictures too? Yes, indeed. Well, what the hell am I supposed to do? Wear the Cardinals hat? Anyway, it's a road show, for God's sake. Yo, you saw Anthony? Look like a little Tommy Hilfiger model that day. Hey, old dirty. Were you hungry after the show? Did you go to Wendy's in Queens for a burger? You were nowhere near there? No, man. I was in the vicinity, bro. Just wondering. Anthony, what was that scar on your leg? Timmy from Brooklyn. Boy, it was a minibike accident back when I was 14 years old. They're noticing scars on your legs? I've known you for seven years. I didn't know you had a scar. Frank from Jersey. There was nothing worse. Frank from Jersey. There was nothing worse than Anthony's chicken legs. Frank, there were chicks out there. Asses. Girls sitting on wiffle ball bats. What? Oh, bro. Did I show up at a Chip and Dale's place? Like I was trying to strut my stock? No, it's a road show. They're making chicks. I guess I should have worn long pants, Ovi. Yo, now long pants isn't the... I thought it was going to be a lot harder, man. Can you see every painful detail of my muscular physique? So what do you think of my tight pants? Oh, brother. They're good up there. You guys rocked the kid. Yeah, I don't even... That was fun, man. No, but Ovi... I don't even remember being there. Brother, you looked me a death that day, kid. I was really sick. Because someone's on line one. Why didn't Ovi drink? Because I was... Well, I don't drink as much as Anthony, but... But I was under some heavy antibiotics, man. I was in rough shape Thursday. Man, you walked in. You look like... Yeah, I know. You walked in with the hurts waiting for you in the back, kid. Yeah, I wasn't happening at all. But I still had a great time because the energy there was incredible. The girlies were just ripping off tops, though, right? It was unbelievable. It was good. The amount of nudity. Yo, you know why I think Jeff Noss is pissed? Why? Because I bought a Sharpie. You bought her a Sharpie? Yeah, for some reason. I mean, you know, the friends are always, let me get your autograph, this and that. I was like, you know, let me oblige the old B and Anthony faithfully. You know what I'm saying? Word. Yeah, and then he came back. He says, yo, Dirty, where's my Sharpie at? And I go, yo, dude, I lost it. Yo, he grabbed my arm in such a way that like my whole body just froze. I'm like, yo, wait a minute, D. I got 250 right here. I will go buy you a marker, bro. That's funny. You don't want to have to have him, man. You're a big boy. He is, man. All right, bro. All right, baby. I'll talk to you soon. You guys be good. Hey. Well, that's a first. Dirty showed up at one of our road shows and was able to call up the next day because he wasn't incarcerated. Right. Rob Z from Westbury. Hey, O&A, Fuel was wild and you guys had the hottest girls on stage. Spaz looked like a wet rat on crack. I got to say, I think one of the highlights of the road show was definitely Fuel singing Baby Raper with 2000 people singing along. The crowd singing along. It was amazing. They knew all the words. They're just singing baby. Right. Yeah. There's like a 30 second clip of that on Foundry music dot com. Rob from Brooklyn. I just looked through the pictures on the W.N.E.W. website because we had them on a bunch of websites. If that's PG rated, you need to go over the movie rating guidelines. Ouch. Oh, really? Can't wait to see the unofficial site when I get home. The damn company put it on the blocked sites list. No, I'm telling you. I mean, the pictures at W.N.E.W. dot com are good, but they're tame compared to what Steve at Foundry music dot com has. Who else do we want to talk to? Let's go to Johnny Elvis. Johnny Elvis, what's up? Hey, O.B. How are you? How are you doing, Anthony? Hey. How about it? I'll point out that when you guys were, I'll tell you, the whole show was unbelievable. I just want to thank you guys. You can't even put it into words. I'm a speech-talker, baby. Are you still drunk from Thursday, Johnny? Oh, yeah. Oh, man, I get it. One thing, remember when you were at the one with the one with the air? Oh, my God, listen. Cut our losses there, huh? Mike, Mike DeMone checking in. The guy that died from the foam, is he the same guy that pulled the knife on Mr. Hand? There you go. No guy died in our road show. The rumors, Anthony, the rumors. Dan from Seaford, I think Psycho Mark moved up to number five on the FBI's most wanted list after the crap he pulled at the road show. What was he doing at the road show? He was a nut, man. Was he? Yeah, you see him, he's like humping the girls. He was jumping in the foam. He had guys doing burnouts in front of the club. I don't know what he was doing. All I know is some chick handed me a bag of weed that looked like it was grown on Venus. I don't know what the hell this weed. I haven't smoked pot in probably 15 years. Oh, and I know a lot of things have changed over 15 years, but I never thought pot could change that much. It looked like some kind of dilithium crystals were on it or something. I don't know what it was, but I just smelt it and got high. But I don't smoke pot. So who am I going to give this to? Gee, maybe the guy that does the anti-drug spots on NAW. I'll give it to Psycho Mark. And there was a rolled joint in there. I'm like, I can't deal with this. I give it to Mark. I go, Mark, whatever you want to do with it. Throw it away, whatever. I got a good story, too. That girl handed us the pot when we were outside the club just in a bag. And we both gave our pot away to people that would enjoy it. So at the end of the night, I'm getting into a car to go home, and that woman runs over again and says, Opie, you forgot your pot. The guy who drove me home was a New York City police officer for 23 years, Anthony. So I looked to write me out and said, no, I didn't. You forgot your pot. My brother's guy spent 23 years on the force. Yeah, I think he understands. Chris, what's going on? Yo, what's up, guys? How are you? Pretty good, man. I just want to say that that thing was the wildest, most bolster hook party I've ever been to in my life. Yeah, that was a party, man. Yo, man, that was insane. My crowd was nuts. It just got out of hand. The wet t-shirt contest alone lasted almost two hours. And it was sick. I mean, the different boobs we saw, Opie. The girl that you wanted on stage and the girls you wanted off stage. It wasn't just boobs, guys. No, I know. It was amazing. No, it was just boobs. I just said that. It was just boobs. We want to do this again. It was just boobs. Yeah, just boobs. But I don't understand why some of you guys are throwing toilet paper up on the stage. Well, there was that one girl we were screaming Stacker 2 at. Yeah. You know who started that chant? My brother in the front row. We were going insane. I missed half the songs because we were just yelling at all the chicks around us to take the top off. I know. I know. At one point, you know, Ann and I were trying to do some pretty good creative stuff on stage. And you guys were like turning around and just looking at girls flashing like, whatever. Let's just get the girls up on stage and let them have fun. Oh, yeah. You guys were great, but get the girls on stage. That's what we all wanted. That's it. And you guys got it. I do got to say one thing. Yeah. Is that Sandy taking pictures for the website? Yes. Oh, my God. She's amazing. How did you end up with that project? I don't know. Sometimes I think about that myself. Oh, my God. Cool. Oh, man. All right, guys. I just hope they thank you for a great kickoff this summer. And you guys undid her top. Did they? Yeah. It's like, oh, my God. Like we didn't give you enough boobs and cash. You have to go after my chick. Oh, my God. No, she's amazing. What do you want? Thanks, Chris. All right, man. Have a good one. Thanks for a great summer. All right, cool. Bye. See you later. Carlos, oh, but did Sandy mind you wearing her sandals? Shut up. They just... There's no guy out there wearing teavis at all, right? I heard some guy got shot by a gangster at your road show. Is that true? No, it's not true. Oh, and a I, unfortunately, this is Frank from Manhattan. I unfortunately was listening from my office on Thursday. I couldn't make it, but loved it. When the crowd was singing baby raper with fuel, I was dying laughing. It sounded like a pedophiles with great show, Frank. All right, we're just getting started. Keep the cop. Oh, my God. All right, listen, we do have to take a quick break. Yeah. More of your calls about the road show. If you're on hold, stay there. We want to get to all you guys. We're going to try anyway. 2127571027. Hi, this is Otto. This is George of Otto and George, and you're listening to ONA on any W suck night. You lose us. Oh, Anthony, if we got to mention real fast, we're doing a wow sticker stop today, Anthony. Yes. If you want to get the brand new wow stickers. Oh, my God. Did you see that? I missed a place. I mean, he is retarded himself. Just tomorrow. What was that? He almost friggin split his head open. He ripped the carpet up. He ripped the carpet up. He almost. He went to turn around and run out the door so fast. He ripped the carpet up and almost fell into the door. Bravo. Jesus, man. All right, get your brand new wow stickers today. It's with Psycho Mark. He's going to be at Strauss discount auto East 14th Street. That's at Avenue C. OK, he'll be there very soon. Strauss discount auto East 14th Street and Avenue C downtown with Psycho Mark. Wow stickers. OK, right. Anthony, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Yes, we love the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. What's coming up now? A graduation birthday, maybe a new baby out there. Or you just want to wish someone well. Do something fun and memorable. Send a Bear Graham gift from the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. They'll receive a beautiful bear handcrafted in Vermont personalized just for them with a card and candy delivered in a colorful gift box. All you have to do is call one of the helpful bear counselors. Add a 1-800-829-BEAR. They'll help you choose the perfect bear like the groovy grad bear wearing graduation cap and gown shades and the Opie Bearkin stock sandals. Easy. They can even add their name to the gown. Easy, Mr. Gap. I'm just reading what they said. Easy. Jesus Christ checking in. He wants his sandals back. Easy. I'm reading instant feedback. For those graduating heading off into the real world, you can tailor a bear to an occupation. The nurse bear, the doctor bear, teacher or the business bear. They have over 100 bears to choose from for any occasion. Like the birthday bear, the get well bear or the new baby bear with the baby's name and birth date embroidered on the bib. The Bear Graham Creative is a creative chain that pays for flowers and it'll be enjoyed forever. Overnight and Saturday delivery guaranteed. Call 1-800-829-BEAR or shop online at VermontTeddyBear.com. The creative alternative to flowers for graduation or any occasion. That's 1-800-829-BEAR. Tell them Opie and Anthony sent you. Thank you, Mr. Banana Republic, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Anthony. You think I was going in the air and making complete baboon of myself? Anthony. My tampon is sitting a little askew today. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Bye, bye. Twenty girls want to bang me. Twenty girls want to bang me. Opie and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. Opie, Gay Marco checking in from the village says, hey Anthony, I need my Gap shorts back. You people, you bunch of smartasses. Check out pic 116 on the MEW site from the road show. Anthony looks like the biggest effing homo. There you go, Timmy from Brooklyn, thank you. Yes, I am the biggest effing homo. With all the chicks around Anthony, you've noticed Anthony. Very good. Very good. I wouldn't even have been looking at me for a second. What are you, crazy? My God, I looked at over 200 pictures from the road show and I'm in just about every one of them. I didn't even look at myself. MX checking in. I heard from this guy that Anthony got into a gunfight with some gangsters in a bathroom over a bag of pot. Is that true? No, more rumors. More rumors. A lot of rumors coming out of our road show. The best part of the road show happened on the Bell Parkway where my friend, Stone and Matt, saw Anthony and tried to have a conversation during 75 miles per hour. I had to grab the wheel to keep from crashing. Is that one true? Yes, that is true. He doesn't say that after that, I sped away. I left the road show and went right to Boston, man. Yeah, I know you did. No better way to drive than drunk. No, I wasn't driving. Everyone thought you had an attitude because I was hanging and signing and stuff and like, where's Anthony? I had to get up to Boston. Urgent business only I could solve. We were up there for the river rave. We talked about that earlier. It was great. Sean from Staten Island, Steve Lynch absolutely stole that from the show. Yeah, he was great. He definitely was great. Once again, there's going to be clips of Steve Lynch's performance on foundrymusic.com. The FBA, the EP version. Extended play. Yeah, it was great. Foundry Steve hasn't gone through all the videotape yet, so there's going to be a ton of clips going up in the next couple of days. Jared from Baldwin, I got Madison's shirt that she threw at the crowd. I was in the second row. It smells just like a hot girl, and it's framed on my wall for all my friends and family to see. El Franco from Yorktown, ONA, I'm 14, and I just want to thank you and Steve from the website for delivering me some boobs and videos from your road show. Damn it, rules being around these days. Thanks again, guys. Yeah, we didn't... Wow. Come on. Opie the Gladiator checking in from Rome. He needs his sandals back. He has a gig at the Colosseum Saturday. Easy. I'm the only one that wears teabags. That's pretty funny. Oh, yeah, and I'm the only one that wears shorts. Please, I never wear shorts either. Eric from Rockaway Park, road show rocked. Opie drinks like a girl while Anthony was pounding them down. I am a wimp. I'll be the first to admit that, but I had like two beers the whole day. I was very under the weather. Jesus. I heard someone at the road show ate some Pop Rocks and drank soda and died. Oh, my God. This is great about this radio show. We don't even have to come up with material anymore. We just have to read the stuff you guys said. You guys are sick. Dave from Lindenhurst, Anthony, are you going to be in that new movie Chicken Runs? Thanks, Gabe Marco from Brooklyn. There's nothing wrong with wearing sandals. Oh, boy. Let's go to the phones. Chris, what's going on? Hey. Hey. What's up, guys? I just had a question about the road show and the stuff that was going on on the stage. Yes. How is it that you guys don't get into trouble with sex laws and stuff? I mean, like, Jim Morrison used to get dragged off the stage because people thought he might have shown his penis. Well, we don't show any. You guys have like whiff of all bad. We don't show any penis. Yeah, the difference is keep the penis in the pants. Right. Yeah. When the penis comes out, people start getting mad. What cop is going to say, hey, there's a problem on that stage unless it is penis? Well, yeah, that's true. But I mean, like, basically all those places in New York have been completely shut down. I mean, girls can't even show their boobs at any place. You know, they used to be... I just want to know how many people got arrested trying to pick up their pictures that they took from the road show. Chris, it's a plain and simple answer. Opium and Anthony are above the law. We are above the law. Wow. All right, thank you, Chris. Thank you, guys. All right, let's go to Mary Ann, one of the ladies that was at the road show. Mary Ann, what's going on? Hey, guys, how you doing? Great. They all got to get off you. You guys looked fine. Why, because you weren't in ripped-up ACDC T-shirts and ripped jeans and broke in Adidases? Please. That's what I changed into. You guys looked great. And you... You did, and it was a lot of fun. I wish I would have been able to stay longer, but I had to go home. Cool. Yeah. But it was really good. And I got some more stokes anytime you guys are ready. You're the one that gave us the pot and almost got us screwed. It's me. Wow, my weird girl. Thank you. What? No, that wasn't me. See? No, the cigars. Oh, cigars. Oh, it's cigars. Okay. Oh, I know. Hi, Mary Ann. Is this true? Rob from Queens Chicken. And I heard Anthony was selling pot, and the guy thought he was getting ripped off. So, Opie cracked the guy in the head with a bat, and you hid the dead body in the foam. No, I don't think that's completely accurate. No. Let's go to Jared. Jared, what's up? Yeah, I just want to let you guys know that I'm officially banned from any future road shows. What happened? I... Originally, I was... I've been listening to you guys since the beginning, and my wife has always hated you, and I finally turned her on to you guys within the last few months. And it was her idea to go. So, we got there nice and early, got up in the front of the line, waiting in line, finally get in, grabbed my beers, head right for the front, she decides she wants to sit down in the back where we can't see a thing. I convinced her to get up a little closer, I mean, we're hanging out, and then once all the girls started showing up and taking off their tops, I pretty much forgot my wife was there. Well, that tends to happen. Yeah. So, what's the problem? She didn't like that too much. She told me from now on, I'm not allowed to go to any road shows. Well, that kind of sucks. Yeah, a little bit. Yeah, I see. Not only that, but she dragged me out of there about two seconds before the wet t-shirt content. That lasted for like two hours, Jared. Yeah, you're right. So, all right, thank you. All right, take it easy, guys. I'll take that pass this phone. Hey, thanks for the TNA show, the Whiffleball Bat Rules. Rudy Giuliani, checking in from New York. Rudy Giuliani, check in from New York. Rudy Giuliani, check in from New York. I guess he enjoyed the road show. Let's go to Drew. Drew, what's up? Yeah, what's up? Dale O'Hara, what's going on, guys? How are you? Yo, that was the freaking Bombers of the Bombs show, boy, let me tell you. Did you guys notice that was cloudy all day until all of a sudden it was the wet t-shirt content? And the sun came out. God wanted to save it. Dude, that's not what I'm saying. God is my savior. I saw you, man. Yeah, God wanted to save it. That thing was freaking awesome, man. Great party, guys. Seriously. They only get better and better. That's the crazy thing about that. Dude, I'm going to the next one. Next time I bring in my girl with me, the freaking wild would have freaking doubled these over there. Cool. I want to thank all the ladies that did show up. More than usual. Thank you, thank you, thank you. It was great, guys. In the case when Earl turns white. All right, bye. Later, guys. Kevin, you're next on any W. How are you? Hey, how's it going? Great. Yeah, I was at that road show. I'm telling you, I think it was the kitten boy that ended up in the foam. We're not going to go into that foam and watch that little kitten boy spill out all over the floor. Yeah, it does. I know. It does like a dozen. Yeah. I think the foam guy checked in. Yeah, foam guy from the foam, and it said, ow, this hurts. It still hurts the way it's hurting. I heard the Beatles were at the road show. Yeah. Yeah, the Beatles checked in. All the rumors, my god. I was told your old boss Gary made a surprise appearance at the road show and started throwing ice cream cones at everybody. That was sick. I've got to thank everybody that performed. It was kind of cool. We were in the backstage area. Did we have a backstage area? Yeah, it was kind of a room, a little room, a little bar and stuff. It was pretty cool. All of a sudden a guy comes up to me and says, Hey, what's up? How are you doing? I said, I'm Fuel. I was like, Oh my God, Fuel? Dude, this is Fuel. I go, Oh, you know what this is? It's Fuel. It's Fuel. Baby break. He's a pretty funny guy too. We were talking before the show and he's like funny. I guess you can't write a song like that without being funny or psychopathic or something like that. Psychotic. Yeah, he's a funny guy. We have fun. I heard your old bosss promotion guy, Roger, made a surprise appearance on the road show and attempted to steal the amplifier. I got to admit, we did wimp out at our road show though. Why? We should explain. Q had another song to do. For the first time, Ed and I were scared for our lives. You know Q sings that offensive song, Imagine? That starts off, Imagine there are no I got it from a Negro. You get the point. He's ready to perform. He's up on stage looking very Italian and stuff. He got all dressed up for his song and stuff. Then Ed and I and Rick and Ben, we all look at each other and we're like, Oh, maybe this isn't a good idea now that everyone's hammered and there's a lot of black people in the audience. They could have a problem with this next song. We didn't want to start any race riot. So we did check it out and said, Look Q, you sounded great on Horny for Little Girls, but I don't think it would be a good idea. Then he was like, Thankful. I think he felt like, I have to do this song. I don't want to do it, but I have to. I'm here. I'm dressed up. Yeah. Let's go to Donna. Donna, you're next on Andy W. That's me. How are you? Okay. Just want to say thank you for having a great party. I had a kick-ass time when I turned off my radio. Yeah, do that. Definitely do that. Greetings from the throne. Yes. But you had a good time at the roadshow. Excellent time. Excellent time. I would encourage all the women out there, you got to stand up. We need to stick together. Come out to the next one. Vaginas. Definitely. Vaginas. I got to say hello to Keith and PR. Chatting with them for a while. Yes. And I hope you did look kind of down, but we understand you were sick. I was really sick. So we're letting you slide this time. I was really sick. I'm much better today, actually. Good. Thank you, Donna. And say hello to Sandy, too. I will. We love you guys. Thank you. Bye now. Bye. I heard Hitler showed up and sung backup. I don't mind fewer at the roadshow. There's over 30 files at this point, Anthony, on FoundryMusic.com. Nice. All right. Who else do we have to go to here? Stinky saved my wife's life at roadshow? No. Come on. Frank, what's going on? What's up? What's up? What's up? How did this drama unfold? All right. Yeah, my wife was up there, jiggling her little things. But while she was in the foam pit, the foam got into her eyes that she couldn't really see too well. Stinky, fortunately, was standing right there and helped her out. She couldn't see too well. He was kind enough to let her wipe her eyeballs out on a shirt. I want to appreciate that. What a guy. He probably got the feel. Well, I wouldn't be surprised. I can't blame him. He's a little hottie. And hey, I want to thank you because after that whole thing, I want to open up my relationship a hell of a lot better. Oh, very good. Oh, very good. Cool. We had to leave a little early after that. Who won the wet t-shirt contest? Who cares? I don't even know, to be honest. You don't even know? I don't know. I don't care. I don't think it was about that at the end. It really wasn't. It turned into something completely different, didn't it? Yes, it did. Yeah, I just want to give Prof the stinky. Not too bad of a bad guy. Cool. And ask Spaz. All right, thank you. Thank you. Someone's saying Spaz looks like a German SS trooper in his uniform, in his Boy Scout uniform. Yeah. He does. He looks like Hitler Youth. Let's go to Q. Is this the Q? Q, how are you doing, guys? Hey. I'm horny for little girls. Good. You know, thinking back, I'm kind of sorry we didn't do that song. Oh, really? Man. We should have just went for it. I don't know. I looked at you. You looked at us and it was like we were definitely a little scared on that stage. Like, I don't know if this is a good idea. Well, there was one dude standing off to the side. That was as big as a house. Yeah. Over to the right. That was the guy we saw and he was ten feet away from us, no people in between. It might be you guys are nuts. Yeah, he was definitely checking me out. Not to mention there were a couple of like real Italians hanging out in the back that were checking me out before I went on, too. As a matter of fact, those guys were actually getting me more nervous. That was Joey DVD. Yeah. Anyway. Joey. But I have some logic here. I think I would have to proclaim myself the winner of the most offensive song contest because my song was actually too offensive to play. It was so offensive we couldn't even play it live. You know, you might have a point. Exactly. As a matter of fact, I think I probably would have offended many people if I did that. It just shows that Anni and I are a bunch of pussies when you take these microphones away from us and we're live. Well, if we were in a studio, we would have let you play it. Who cares? Yeah. But live like that, it was scary. Yeah. Not that you would, you know, with the crowd pressed up against the stage like that, you never know what could happen. Yeah, they were ready to take the stage. Take the stage, yeah. Burn it like Woodstock. And my girlfriend, I kind of told her the clue to what was going to go on when we got there and when she saw what was going on while I was doing that song, she was like, my God. I said, I didn't like you. I told you this was going to happen. But yeah, it was cool, guys. It was definitely the most fun I've had in a while. All right, guys. Take care. Thank you. Talk to you soon. I've got to clear up some more rumors that are going around. A lot of rumors from this road show. No, I wasn't seen making out with Robin Givens at a New York City night spot after the road show. No, John Benet Ramsey was not the winner of the wet t-shirt contest. This might be true, though. That was me that fell in the foam. I just wanted to tell everyone I was OK. 15 stitches is a small price to pay for soapy boobage. Rick Lazio. Rick Lazio, very good. Well, Steve from New York is a true Rick Lazio. Fell into the foam and just tripped during the parade to cover up the injury. There you go. Jeff from Oceanside. What's up, guys? The road show at South Beach was a nude high school reunion. No joke. I was in the elevator with Jenna, Kelly and Shannon from the wet t-shirt contest. I didn't bang them in high school, but at least now I saw their fun bags. You guys rule. Oh, man. Yeah, debauchery. Pandemonium. Let's see what else we can do. There's just tons of stuff going on. Matt? Hey, Matt. Hey, what's going on, boys? How are you? Hey, the road show rocked, guys. Yeah, that was something. Listen, I just got to thank the police officer that pulled me over on the way back from the show. I guess I was speeding a little bit on the GWB, but I told him I was coming from the road show, and after he cleared me that I wasn't drunk or stoned, he said he was going to let me go. It was my lucky day. You were at the road show and you weren't drunk or stoned? Well, this was a lot later, so I was pretty good by then. Were you sick, Ted? But the funniest thing was, as I was pulling away, I hear the loudspeaker, the squad car, come up and I hear, okay, terrific. Oh, cool, Matt. Yeah, it rocked, guys. Listen, syndication when Madison can take the whole bat. All right, thank you. Later. Bye. More rumors coming in. No, it was not Opie on the back of a wave runner with Ricky Martin during commercials. I said it wasn't. Adrian. Yeah. Hey, how you doing, guys? You're a black guy? Yeah. It just matters for what we're talking about. That's the only reason. Okay, guys. You made that comment about being afraid to play the offensive song about the blacks. Come on, guys. What's the story? I'm being honest. I was getting nervous. But why? Boy, wait. Check out the psychology. We like the show. We listen to the show. We come to the road show. No, no, no, no, no. Wait, wait, let me correct you, though. I wasn't nervous about our black listeners and there were a bunch of them there. I was more worried about the black bouncers and stuff that might not get the show. Well, I- That's where I thought the problem was. I figured you come to the road show. I don't care if you're Jewish, black, whatever. You understand the show. You're there. You're going to check it out. I was worried about people like the bouncers and stuff that I don't know if they listen to us or another radio station. It's tough crap. Hey, it just goes down to like gay psychology. There's more of us than them. So what were they going to do? I mean, don't be afraid. You guys are kicking butt. Don't be afraid to do your thing. I mean, if people are into it, they're going to be into it. That's all. It was more about the people that might be there just working and don't know our show that I was worried about. Forget about the political correctness. Play the songs. All right, man. All right? Bye. Bye. Yeah. I don't know. I was a little leery about that one myself. Hmm. Oh, this is true. I heard that the girl, Chyna, was so upset that she didn't make the cut for the wet t-shirt contest that she ... Well, she didn't punch me. That she punched open the face. Is that true? No, but she went after me. She did? She was all pissed. Chyna, the black stripper, she was pissed that she didn't make the cut for the wet t-shirt contest. We poured our blood and sweat on that stage. Had a great time. She's yelling and screaming at me after the roadshow. Screaming. And then went after me. And I think it was Big Caber Seller that just stepped in between us. I'm like, what the hell is that about? It was the crowd that was deciding who was moving on. Yeah. Yeah, we did. And then she said I dissed her on stage or something. Said something crazy. What's her job? Rich from Union. I lost my virginity at the roadshow. Ken from Connecticut. Is it true Eddie Van Halen got cancer at the roadshow? I heard Opi was sick because the giant mosquito came and stung him and then the FBI sprayed him with DDT. Let's go to Billy Mack. He's got his two cents on the roadshow. Billy Mack. Hey. J. Moore's Bud. What's going on? What's going on guys? Great, great show, man. Yeah. How about that second verse by Mike Deena Cole there? Oh, that was brilliant. The full version of FBA. We finally heard it. Those guys are really intelligent, man. They put that together pretty much in my van on the way out there. I don't know if you know that. I wouldn't be surprised knowing Mike and Steven Lynch. Listen, that was a good call on my playing out of the fence of song because I tell you some of those big black guys, they had some to do behind the stage there, man. They were kicking some ass on some people back there. Well, yeah, they were trying to do their job and keep it under control, you know. No, no, I'm not saying they weren't. It was great. But you never know. They might not have really known the show. So they might not have got the joke with it. Yeah. What do you think about tomorrow's game? Nicks? Yeah. Let me tell you something. What did I say? I know you did. Nicks are a better team without Ewing. I couldn't wait to hear you say that again. They have won five playoff games against the Pacers without Ewing at this point. Five in the last few years. Yeah, you got five? In the last two years, I think. Huh? I think, yeah, you're five and one, I think, without them. Yeah, and they look great. And it's simple because they're a running offense and they run a lot better without Ewing in the lineup. Yep, yep. Pacers weren't even in that game. They got some goddamn gazelles in that team. We don't need Ewing lumbering behind. Yeah. It's like get the ball and let's get up the court. Great. What about Spreewell playing with a damn broken toe? Awesome. And then when Kamen came off the bench, and Thomas stepped up. It was great. Even Chris Dudley played good. The white guy. That's impossible. The white guy played well. Not great, but he played well. All right, guys. Listen, maybe we'll see you tomorrow. All right. Where are you going to be? You know where. Yeah, we might check out the game there. Cool. All right, cool. All right, Billy. Take care, guys. Bye. Ewing was the hero last week and now he's just a piece of crap again. He's always a ... You know how I feel about him. Well, if you said that last week, you got pounded by the fans that said he's the only reason they're in. Well, he played great against Miami. What can I tell you? Rumor has it Patrick Ewing's injuries are sustained in the foam pit. All right, we're just about done with the road show. Chris, what's going on? Hey, guys. How are you doing? Hey. I was numero uno, first guy online for the road show. Took the day off of work. Get down there about quarter after nine in the morning. Places that let up down there, even before the NW guys were down there. I'm sitting online, just me and my wife sitting there. Got my water gun just in case anything goes down. And this producer guy arrives and he comes over to me and he's like, hey, what's your name? My name's Chris. What are you doing now? I'm like waiting to get into the O&H show. He's like, you want to help build the stage? I was like, yeah, OK. Very nice. Very nice. I got a point to all of this. So I help build the stage. I put the water and spasms in the dunk tank. And this referee guy comes over and it's his dunk tank. And I used to, I think when I was done, you know, somebody, he'd be there to help the stage. Well, he wasn't there. So I had to line up running spasms, dunk tank, rumor killer number one, there was no ice. I said there was two hours filling the thing with a hose. There was no ice. It's torture. It's torture. It's torture. It's torture. I said to the guy, to the people, they should throw some ice in it. But it was already freezing enough. And after all this, after all this work, I didn't even get a freaking sticker. What's up with that? Very nice. Very nice. Sucks to be you. I put in my thoughts for the show. Thank you. All right. All right. All right, Chris. Thank you. OK, terrific. We always take one too many calls. I was napping. Steve. Hey guys. How are you? Good. I'm fine. How are you? Great. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. Steve. Hey guys. How are you? Great. I couldn't go to the road trip. I went away for the weekend. Yeah. And on Saturday afternoon, listening to BCN. Up in Boston? I was going to hear Anthony's voice. Yeah. I was going to hear Anthony's voice. Yes. So on behalf of all my friends and family back home, I was wondering what the story is of the syndication and why you guys are on up there. We're making nice. We were on the radio all weekend up there. They had their huge river rave with Stone Temple Pilots and Filter and Godsmack and And it was amazing and we were invited and we had a great time. And we were all on the radio. I had to tune out shortly after that. So I missed, I guess, over here still caught in traffic Anthony said. But everybody's excited to have you guys back on up there. Yeah. We got to announce Stone Temple Pilots to a crowd of 60,000 this past Saturday. It was amazing. Absolutely amazing. Well, I'll pass on the good news to the guys. All right, Steve. Take care. Thank you. Yes. We're listening. We kind of went over that earlier. It was a great time. Yeah. All right, Anthony, let's take a break. Yeah. People wondering if Rick introduced Loverboy at the road show. Just a rumor. Just a rumor. Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen won the wet t-shirt contest. Rumor. And they're 14. What? The Olsen twins are 14. Yeah. Getting close. We're waiting. Four more years. Legal. Threesome. With the Olsen twins. I was treated to the Olsen twins on, I know, you're going to laugh. Rosie. But I saw Olsen twins. I'm like, I'm checking out. How are they looking? What do you, do they got nubs? They're getting there. They're getting little nubs. They're ripening. A couple more years. Yeah, before you know it. Butt sex. Yeah. Olsen twins. Vaginas. 14. I'm sticking in my mouth. What? What? W-w-w-what? Butt sex. I'm sticking in my mouth. Okay, terrific. I hope they're not dumping out of that because that doesn't mean anything. I don't know what that is. Oh man, this is so tense. Alright, Carmen, relax there. Yeah, so what are they looking like? Are they shaping up? They're shaping up. Let's just do it that way. They have little training bras and stuff. It really does. Ah, the Olsen twins. I'll do an impression for you, Anthony. One of my favorite. Oh, okay, good. I love the visual impression. Well, you can explain it for everybody. All right. Ants good with the voices, I'm good with the visual impressions. Let's say. Oh, let's say. What do you got? This is my impression of the Olsen twins' boobs. Okay. I'm going to be standing up, grabbing a handful of his boob and squeezing it into a little coney nub on his chest. They're at that size right now. That's the stage they're at. Thank you. Just all nip? Just all nip. It's just the Olsen twins. Oh my God. All right, Anthony. Hey, can we talk about how bad Mission Impossible 2 was? Evil Kid from the City. Yeah, why don't we talk? Well, you've got a good story about Mission Impossible, right? Yeah, yeah. Why don't we get into that next, Anthony? We've got to take a quick break. More of your phone calls. Oh, well. John's checking in finally on this whole thing. Ant wasn't wearing shorts. It's just that Wendy took half his pants. All right, so the road show was great. Lots of pictures at WNAW.com. Those pictures, they're great, but they're tame compared to what's on the unofficial Opium entity website, which is foundrymusic.com. F-O-U-N-D-R-Y music.com. Steve has 30 clips up and he's only halfway through the videotapes. Halfway through. So he's going to be putting up new material for the rest of the week, I would imagine. Okay? Yes. And also, Ant, before we go to break real fast, we're doing another wow sticker stuff today. The guy we speak is hanging out at Strauss Discount Auto, East 14th Street at Avenue C. And he'll be there for another hour, it looks like, handing out the brand new wow sticker. So if you're in the area, stop by and say hi, okay? Mission Impossible 2, Anthony's review and what happened to him at the theater when we get back. O.T. and Anthony. 1027 WNAW. Hey Anthony, the Diamond Exchange. Yes, yes, no time better than now to get engaged. It's spring. Love is in the air, O.P. Go to the Diamond Exchange on Route 17 North in Paramus, New Jersey. Over 12 years, they've been the Tri-State area's premier source for diamonds and fine jewelry. All the jewelry at the Diamond Exchange is designed and handmade. On the premises, their showcases are packed with the latest jewelry designed from contemporary classic and platinum. Ah, the Diamond Exchange staff will help you choose from an exciting collection of loose diamonds and the most beautiful, unique custom design engagement mountings that you'll ever see. Call the Diamond Exchange now, 1-800-550-0633. That's 1-800-550-0633. The Diamond Exchange, Route 17 North in Paramus, New Jersey. Come see for yourself why their customers return again and again to the Diamond Exchange. What did someone do? There's a fix. I mean, even the show's taking out all the pictures for the road show. We're on the WWW.com site right now. That's a good one. And there's a picture of Anthony Budweiser in hand holding a huge sign that just says butt sex. That's pretty bad. Thanks, guys. Yeah, butt sex. I'm sure someone will lift the picture and put $5 under anything. I know. Well, Anthony was taking some of the many signs. There were hundreds of signs. They're showing them to the crowd. And I get hung out to draw. You are hung out to draw in that picture. That's a good one. Thank you. Thank you. The Diamond Exchange, Route 17 North in Paramus, New Jersey. Thank you. Go ahead, Ant. Are we done? Yes. We were? Yes. You gave out the phone number and everything? 1-800-550-0633. Okay, very good. We'll be back talking about what happened to Anthony when he was watching Mission Impossible. Trying to. He had us cracking up in the office. We'll get into it next. And we're back. 212-757-1027. It's the O&A show. I want to thank our listeners for the Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen picture gallery that they sent me. Sick mother heifers, man. Look, see? What they look like now. They're putting the little nubs that Opie showed what they looked like earlier. But yeah. And before you know it, we're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. We're back. And before you know it, yeah, like little Britney Spears-y things going on there. And I got to say, you're taking some major hits on this radio show today. Yeah, I understand. Keith from Seaford. I finally heard something more contradictory than Psycho Mark reading anti-drug commercials. Anthony reading for the Diamond Exchange. And Vic from Merrick. Where was Ant's girl? Oh, that's right. You had to be 21 to get into the road show. Hey, she's 21. Cut off. I love that. Not, she's over 21. Hey, she's 21. Can anyone else pick up on that? Okay, good. Anthony. Yes? Mission Impossible 2. First of all, I'm very surprised that you would go see Mission Impossible 2. Why? Opening weekend, Memorial Day weekend. Yeah, well, I'm going to ask, what can I say? I wanted to go to the movie. I wanted to see Mission Impossible 2. I avoided the movie theaters like the play, man. Well, there wasn't really anything else I wanted to see. I pretty much saw everything else, you know? Gee, I saw a dinosaur. You know, I wanted to see Mission Impossible 2. I just hate going to the crowded movie theaters. And I thought maybe it would be a movie where, I don't know, it would have an ending that would be F'd up or something and the listeners ruin it for us now. It's not even like we do anything to movies anymore. The listeners all of a sudden will be scrolling through instant feedback and bam, there's an end of a movie. I'm like, thanks. You're getting us back from the Six Star Wars and Sixth Sense thing. But there's really no surprise thing in Mission Impossible. Overall, I didn't really like the movie. I didn't get to enjoy the beginning of it. You know, I might come off sounding a little harsh here today, Opie. Okay. Sounding a little, I don't know, politically incorrect. Talk to us, Sam. Talk to us. We're here for you. I went to the Pavilion in Brooklyn. Went to go see Mission Impossible 2. With savages. I'm not ringing the bell. I didn't know I was doing a radio show with Bob Grant today. Savages. I can't believe it anymore. You guv-von, spachim, savages. Yeah. This is me and my girlfriend trying to get out of the theater with our lives. Quick, through the air duct. They're chasing us with knives. Opie. Unbelievable. How come you can't go to a movie anymore without black people and Hispanic people losing their effing minds? Okay, I said it. I said it. Look, Stinky's freaking out. Even Spaz thinks I'm being a little much. I'm turning off the music. I'm going to carefully put my headphones down. I'm going to tiptoe out of the studio. What, what, what, what? This is not a knee-jerk reaction to a one-time thing. I don't believe this is something that other people cannot relate to. And I am not condemning entire races of people for this. I am just saying this has been what I have observed for years. When you go to a movie theater in a predominantly white Long Island neighborhood like I was raised for many years, okay, you go in, you sit, you watch the movie, right? If there's a problem with someone talking, you can turn around and say, excuse me, I'm trying to watch the movie. Oh, gee, sorry. Right? And, and, and it usually doesn't happen. For the most part. For the most part. Nowadays you get the cell phones. It's a pain in the ass. But play the other side. Sometimes getting those theaters with all the young kids are another thing. Right. Okay. It could be white, black, Puerto Rican. I don't care. You're right. You're right. They're, they're a pain in the ass. They think the theater's theirs. You're right. I'm not talking about kids that don't, are not supposed to know what the F they're doing. I'm talking about adults, people that are going to a public place to watch a goddamn movie and act like F-ing animals, like beasts. Anthony? Yes. What happened to you? I go into the theater, me and the girl, to go see Mission Impossible 2. Right? Sure. Sit down in a seat. All of a sudden there's a group of black people running around the theater. What? I can't say that they were black people. No, I'm tired of it. A group of black, I will identify everybody. Okay. Now I'll talk about white people. They're all sitting there fearing for their lives. Okay? There, I covered the white people. Now I'll move on to black people. A group of black people roaming around the whole auditorium trying to find seats. Fine. But they're being very loud and I don't want them sitting in front of me. I could care less at this point if they were from frigging Jupiter. They're being loud. I want to watch the movie. So I get up and I move to the other side of the theater. I'm like, come on, we're moving. I move to the other side of the theater to get away from the boisterous people, regardless of their color. Okay? Is that nice? Sit down. Then they decide, the group of black people, that they don't want to sit there anymore. So they start roaming around the auditorium, taking seats in the back, then in the middle, and then in the side. The whole time being very loud, disrupting the whole place. Anthony, can you interrupt you for a second? Guy had help. He's Donor Matt. He checks in a lot on our show from Bayoan, New Jersey. Is it spaz as we can review already? And why is Anthony doing it? Now, look. Okay, look, look. I am trying to tell you what happened in plain English without going around, beating around the bush. All right, so this is what happened. So you were jumping from seat to seat in the movie theater? I moved once. I went from the right side of the auditorium. Quick! All right, I'm going to get a grappling hook on the vent, on the ceiling. I'm going to swing over. Hold on to me. We got to get away from the loud people. How many times did you move away from the black people? Once. Once. Once. No, I'll beat the loud people. I just pointed out that it was a group of black people that were being loud. Okay. They sat down in the row right in front of us and I said, no, I'm not going to sit here and try to watch a movie and listen to people yelling and screaming. So we moved to the opposite side of the theater. Same seat, but on the other side. Your mission, Anthony, if you're not going to accept it, is to get through this movie without one racial epithet going through your mind. So? The popcorn will self-destruct in five seconds. Good luck, Anthony. Dan from Jersey, ding, ding, ding, ding. No, I'm not dangling a goddamn thing. All right. Why should I ding something when this is exactly what happened? And this is something that has bothered you for a while? For quite some time. Loud people or black people? Loud people. So we moved to the opposite side of the theater. To get away from the... To get away from the loud black people. Loud black people. The loud people. So then they start, they keep moving. They're not satisfied with their seat. So they're moving, they're yelling, they're sitting in seats and then they're getting up and then they're moving again. I swear to God, five times they did this. Finally they settle. Where? Two rows in front of us. Two rows in front of us. And now at this point, the theater is getting so full there's no seats left. So we're stuck. I'm like, okay, whatever, at least a one more row away than they want. Right? You with me so far? Dan from Jersey, you mean to tell me black people showed up late for something? I'm just reading them. Okay, I'm just reading them. I'm getting some feedback. So now... Don't kill the messenger. So now, okay, that's where I'm going to be sitting. Okay? So I'm sitting on the aisle. Let me get you, let me set the mood. There's the middle section. There's two aisles. The left section, the right section. I'm in the left section. I'm on the aisle seat in the left section. Girlfriend sitting to my left. Okay? We are ready to watch the movie. So a whole family of Hispanic people come in. Yes? Why did your girlfriend go with you? Dinosaur was sold out? You're a smart ass man. Yeah, she's 14 years old. It's Mary Kate Olsen. All right, it's out, okay? I'm dating Mary Kate Olsen. Okay, back to your story. All right, here we are. So a whole family of Hispanic people come in and sit in the rest of the row that we are sitting in. So you've got the Hispanics to your right? Yes, Hispanics to the left. Left, okay. Because I am as far right as we could, yeah. Left. And in the row in front, they're taking up that row. And a couple of the seats in the back. Well, they're baby machines, a lot of people. Well, Opie, there were children with them. Children of three or five years old, a couple of children. Were they courteous enough to leave the chickens home? No, there were chickens running around the mutton. Can I please? No, so that's what the seating arrangement was. Hispanics left, in front, black, loud people also in front. The woman, Hispanic woman in our row who was taking care of these two children, did not shut up from the time she sat down until the confrontation. You had a confrontation? Yes, let me just say there was a bit of a confrontation. But let me just keep going. The previews start up. She's yapping, talking to the effing screen. She's not shutting up. She's talking to her kids and not in a low movie theater voice. Opie, she is at full volume. I'm stunned. I'm amazed. Other people, other white people are looking at this woman like, could you shut up, but I will sweat. But white people are very threatened, very intimidated to say anything. So, so we don't. Because you know something, you might have bodily harm done to you. That is the image everyone has, right? Right. Not necessarily true. Okay. Mission Impossible is playing now. Now it's the movie. Now I'm really, I want to get the story. Did you see the last Mission Impossible? No, I didn't. Okay, I did. I really didn't. You needed a frigging slide rule and a calculator to keep up with the story. Right. So I don't want someone talking. I want to listen and work with the story. Okay. So you gave up on the reviews, like whatever, they'll settle down after the reviews. Yeah. Okay. She didn't settle down. She's talking like a mile a minute. Tom Cruise comes on, here's what she's saying. And this is how she was saying it. There's the man, there's the man. Tom Cruise, there's the man. Oh, look at that ass. She's using the S word, every other word out of her effing mouth. Now, oh, look at that ass. I love that, like, they'll have a car chase and like Tom Cruise will almost fly off a cliff or something. Oh, no. World top. He the man. Look at that. Look at that. How loud, really? That loud? Dude, yelling. Yelling. Star one eater. Star one eater. Yelling. Yeah, oh yeah, look at that. Uh-huh, oh, you bet that. That's what I would do. Uh-huh. That's what I would do. I paid to come in to see this frigging movie with her yelling. That's what I paid for? Right. No, I wanted to see Mission Impossible 2. The whole theater is looking in our direction and you know they're just saying shut the eff up. Shut up. But no one had the balls to say anything. No one would say anything. Except. Not me. My girlfriend. Oh, that's the worst. Yeah, yeah. You get put in the position. Ladies, you put us in their position. I was this close to saying something. When you're the one that does the confrontation thing. So, go ahead. So, she turns and goes, do you think you could be quiet? So she said, do you think you could be quiet? Yeah. Well, at this point. That's just not the thing to say. So right now I'm like, okay, now I go into assess the situation mode. I'm looking, I got an entire family of Puerto Ricans to my left. They're taking up three rows. I am with my girlfriend. That's part of a family. So, and I'm sitting there like, okay, now what? I'm trying to figure who's got the knives, who's got the gun. Now I'm really sweating. Because now you're like, I got to fight. Now I got to fight. Yeah, yeah. Because something happened. So she goes, she said, do you think you could be quiet? Which I don't think is a big thing to say. Now, let me bring back to what I was saying earlier. In a suburban auditorium watching a movie, if someone's being a little boisterous and you turn around and said, do you think you could be quiet? You might get up. But then you know something? That person will probably be whispering the rest of the movie if they have to talk. You never feel like your life is being threatened. Well, this bitch goes, maybe I will and maybe I won't. So now I'm like, okay. Now not only am I going to not watch the movie, but now I have to fear that I will be killed here in Mission Impossible. I'm going to be killed. Nobody will know because they're in the relationship. Yeah, oh, I. So then the boyfriend looks at me. Right. So now I'm like, ugh. So now my girlfriend turns, maybe seeing there's danger in the air, maybe detecting my nerves are a little rattled at this point. There's an entire Hispanic family getting geared up. She turns and goes. Can you just shut the f up? Yeah, wait, let me get to my friend. Can you just shut the f up? Yeah, yeah. Battle station, battle station. Dive, dive, dive, dive. You ladies, you put us in bad positions sometimes. So damn. So yeah. You know what day is? Just rip the car mat. A deadly cargo in a belly. Bloody pivots. Help the hell. So yeah, could you shut the f up? So I'm like, oh. So now the chick stands up. The Puerto Rican lady stands up. The boyfriend turns to me and goes, oh, now you put her in battle mode. Like she's a friggin' transformer. I put her in battle mode. Even he went like, oh, that's it. Nothing I can do. She in battle mode. Oh, well how do you turn it off? Is there an off switch on the battle mode? Is she married to a black guy, Anthony? No, it was just another Hispanic guy. Well, no, let me say the accent, the inflection on the voice sounded very black. It was a mixture between the Hispanic, black dialect, I think you would call that, Opie. So I'm like, oh boy. So she steps up and goes, you, in this part, I had to bite my tongue from laughing with the fear in me. I almost laughed at this. She turns around and goes, why are you using that kind of language in front of, Opie, she was about 28 years old, in front of my grandkids? The blood, the blood dripping off of my tongue from where I had to bite it to keep from laughing my cracker ass off. Meanwhile, she was like, ah, ask this, ask that, all time crew, eat a man, ask that. That kind of language in front of my grandkids. The kids five years old, do the math. Do the math. Wow. I'm roaring. She goes, I ought to slap your face. I go, oh boy, here it comes. So now I'm leaning over because my girlfriend's to my left at this point. She's between them and me. So now I lean over and I'm looking at her hand because if she has to swing it, I have to grab the hand, which means the boyfriend has free rein to just punch me in the face. So I'm like, okay, now I'm like diplomacy. Look, I think if you talk to anyone in this audience, they would want to watch this movie without hearing people yelling and talking. Do you think we can all do that? All of us. Let's sit and watch the movie. Yeah, well, maybe I'll be quiet. So she back there, she sat down high fiving all of our relatives. Get out. High fiving. Like, yeah, show your mother. Can we all just get along? I was Rodney King. So I'm sitting now, I'm trying to watch the movie. Forget it. I'm going to keep track of Mission Impossible 2, where I have to worry if I'm going to get killed. And now I'm hearing every word they're saying. Glock. So I'm just like, oh, this is it. Yeah. I go, I go, no, let's go. I go, let's go. I'm getting out of here. I'm going to get the money back that we paid to get in here. And before we leave, I will say to an officer outside that I believe somebody has a gun in theater one. Roll forward to the left. Let them handle the fun and hijinks that happen after that. The manager said, well, another Mission Impossible is starting up in theater two. So you could go in there. I'm like, OK, let me give this a whirl. I walk in. It's almost empty. Quiet. Watch the whole movie from the beginning without a peep. It was great. But I was so friggin pissed. I escaped from theater one, Opie. We made our way through the air ducts and dropped down on some contraption with police so we didn't touch the floor. And then we had a motorcycle chase through the lobby. Unbelievable. But this just leads me to my whole statement that I was making in the beginning of this. This isn't the first time this has happened. This will not be the last time this has happened. There is something that just happens to people of certain ethnic backgrounds in movies, especially action movies like Mission Impossible. They got to yell at the screen. They yell. She was, Opie, yelling. And I'm trying to get into her head thinking, does she think she's so important and that everybody wants to hear what she has to say to her friggin grandkids and her penis of the month that she's got next to her and whatever else? And her family, that it's that important what she has to say that I paid nine bucks to get in and listen to that? To listen to that C-word babble over a friggin movie? And it's not the first time. And I swear to God, there's plenty of yarmulkes in that audience too. It's Brooklyn. It's Brooklyn. And I don't have a problem. They're not, you know, You know, I look at Tom Cruise. No, that is hilarious. But people and something, you know something, you want to break down the barrier. You want to say everything's fine. We can set. We can address the issue and say, do you think you could be quiet? Maybe not shut the f up. But, you know, turn around and say, hey, you know, I'm trying to watch a movie here. We don't want to hear you talk. But you know something? You will be threatened with violence if you do that. White people. Hear me white people. You will be threatened with violence. There's a guy in the line. He goes, I have a dream today that we can watch Mission Impossible without people yelling to their grandchildren in penis or the morn. Now call me what you want to call me. I know I'm going to hear it. But what am I supposed to say? This is what I see. This is what I have seen over the years. Anthony Joker from Jersey checking in. Anthony, if you want to avoid black and Hispanics, go to a bookstore. Now ring the bell. All right. We got to take a break. Unbelievable. And because of your little to raid. Joe from Jersey, as I would say, nine bucks and it must have been 450 for his girlfriend. After your tirade. Yes. Our boss likes to say to raid. To raid. The phones are just absolutely. Yes, they are. They're going crazy. So why don't we take a quick break and we'll let everyone in on this little discussion. Okay, Anthony. Bravo. I need a drink. That's a great little. Now I need a drink. Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven. I feel stupid. Oh, so stupid. I feel stupid and dumb and dumb. Both he and Anthony. We've got a smile on our face and our head up our ass. One oh two seven WNW. Paul E from Lawrence. Mission Impossible Three. A quiet theater in Brooklyn. Anthony, Ranch One restaurants, the makers of the best grilled chicken sandwich on earth. I love it. I love Ranch One. That's getting to me. Yeah, Ranch One brought a ton of food by once again today. Once again, Opie. What do they do? Once a week? Yes. I can't figure out what day they do it on. I'm always buying lunch on Tuesdays when it comes. You know, a lot of us concentrate on the great grilled chicken sandwiches they have. But how about the French fries? Oh, get some of their fries. They're very good. They're great. Yeah. They got the grilled chicken sandwiches, the best on earth fajitas, burritos, grilled chicken salads and pastas, and the newest creation, the grilled chicken parmesan. Something for everyone at Ranch One. Yeah, they have restaurants all over New York and New Jersey and Connecticut, including most of the major mall areas. For a menu and complete list, all Ranch One locations. To order for fast free delivery or to check out where you can get your wow stickers, yes. Check out Ranch One on the web at ranchone.com. Ranch One, the best grilled chicken sandwich on earth. Try it today. You'll love it. Yeah, and you can get the wow stickers at participating Ranch One locations. So if there's one in your area, you know, stop in and see if they got the wow stickers, okay? Ranch One restaurants, the makers of the best grilled chicken sandwich on earth. Let me let you ladies in on something. Oral never gets old. Loafy and Anthony, their brains are in their pants. 1027 WNEW. 2127571027. We're doing another wow sticker stop today. We're at Strauss Discount Auto, 14th Street and Avenue C. Psycho Mark's there. Let's check in with him real fast. Psycho Mark, what's going on? Hey everybody. How are you? Hey man. I'm very good. Good? Yeah, I'm very happy and down here in front of Strauss Discount Auto, 14th and Avenue C. You don't sound very happy. No, but I am. That's the funny part. I'm not happy. I'm not happy. Are people stopping by for the wow stickers? Yeah, there's a bunch of people stopping by. Mostly undercover cops and tow truck drivers. All right, man. Anything else? No, I've got the invisible sloth with me. Why are you pissed at me, man? I'm not pissed. You know what happened was I got hung up on earlier and it was just rather rude that no one said, you know, hey, we're going to hang up on your face. Well, we do that all the time. We have a radio show to do here, dude. I know my feelings got hurt. I'm sorry. All right. Well, we'll talk to you in a little while. Bye. Smoke a joint and calm down. All right. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. screen in my classroom guys. I stopped showing films and until I said something one day, first of all I'm a white Italian guy and I've been at a Brooklyn school so already there's tension. Then I said something one day, don't you people know that your brain hears you, you don't have to voice everything? And all of a sudden... Your brain hears you. Guys, I swear to God, guys I just got my tenure and they put a letter in my file about it. Why? Because it was something that somebody brought up to the principal who happens to be a young black guy so it was all over. The guy yelled at me and then he closed his office door and I heard him laughing his ass off. It was unbelievable. The picture in the classroom was thirty. Unfreaking believable. I've got one more thing to tell you, forgive me the time. I had my good students take about a hundred copies of wow signs outside and tape them to all the old ladies cars in the parking lot. They came in the next day furious that some students played a joke on them but it was really meh. Alright, cool. Okay guys, see you in the movie in Brooklyn and enjoy it. You know, I'm not saying that... because I know I'm going to get like hell for this. I'm not saying every black person or every Hispanic person is a problem in the movie theater. That's ridiculous. But there is a disproportionate number of blacks and Hispanics that are a problem in the movie theaters. I've seen it over the years. It's not this, oh my God Anthony, what are you talking about? There are people that will agree with this and I don't understand why you can't just shut up and watch the frigging movie like everyone else. And the second you turn around and say something, I swear to God, you're the a-hole that is going to get your ass handed to you. You just want to see Mission Impossible. What is the problem? Oh man, Eric what's going on? Hey, how's it going guys? Great. I'm just curious. I just moved to Comac in like September. Just got married in November. I've been to the Comac movie theater a couple of times because I just figured it was the place to go. Yeah. What should I be worried about? Are you getting me scared? I'm listening to you guys. I'm getting nervous. One word, Brentwood. Really? I just sounded like that huh? It's too close. Oh man, I didn't even think of that. I heard you guys talking. Do you like knowing specific instances? Like how bad is it? I would have to do some research but I do believe there were some gunshots within the last couple of years, sure. A couple of times. Oh, really? I've been to the Comac movie theater a couple of times because I just figured it was the place to go. I just figured it was the place to go. I would have to do some research but I do believe there were some gunshots within the last couple of years, sure. A couple of gunshots. If someone could confirm that I'd appreciate it. I don't want to talk out of my butt today. I hear you. I hear you. And they do have police all over the place patrolling the damn thing. So I guess it's gotten better. I went there like on a Tuesday or Wednesday. I didn't see any cops. I saw some rinky-dink security but I did notice the place was a ghost town and that kind of made me think. I was like, hey, you know. There you go. Okay, thanks a lot guys. Have a great day. Thank you. Anthony, a psychologist is going to try to explain why minorities act up in movie theaters. Thank you. Finally, a professional. Jack? Because I want an answer to this. Yes, Jack? Hello? What it comes down to is most non-black or Spanish, we'll put it that way, people as they grow up, they go on vacation, they go on family trips. The movies to the ethnic people is a vacation or family trip. You're not a psychologist. You must understand. You must understand why people can afford interactive TV. This is interactive movies. So just do what we all do. Bring your gun and have a good time. Thank you. Have a good one guys. A professional opinion from a psychologist, don't be. I can't confirm it, but I don't think that was a psychologist. I don't either. I'm not sure, but. Let's go to Christine. Christine, you're next on any W. Hey guys. I went, believe it or not, to the Pokemon movie with my son and these people in front of them, I don't know what language they were speaking, but I wanted to tell them to shut up, but I was with my son. I didn't want to cause a problem. He says out loud, why do people have to talk during the movie? Turn around. I mean, they look like female wrestlers and I'm sitting there going, Oh man. And then all of a sudden you're the idiot. Yeah. You know, I'm six years old. I have a solution. I've thought this out a little bit. You want to hear my solution? Go ahead. It might cost some money, but okay. We wire every seat with an electric charge. Okay. Everyone has buttons on the back of the seat that's in front of you. You can't just, just zap someone for the hell of it. There has to be maybe a certain percentage of the audience has to hit that person's seat to zap them. You get me here? That would be perfect. So that way you can't just, you know, go around zapping everybody. But if you see seat number 25 has been a problem and everyone knows it, you're going to zap seat 25. Oh yeah. You're the lethal dose of electricity. You're not just, not just a little. No, there has to be something because I've seen nobody, no one is enforcing, be quiet, turn off the goddamn cell phones and watch the frigging movie. They put the little cell phones and everything. Yeah. They put the thing in the beginning. Make sure to turn off all cell phones. The dancing popcorn comes out and tells you to shut the frig up. But you know something? Five seconds in the movie. I'm not getting that. I know who that is. Now with Tom Cruise on the screen. And everyone, everyone's got to know I'm not getting that because that's my ex husband. They think everyone wants to hear their business. All right, Christine. Thank you. Thanks guys. Bye. Somewhat there should be, you know something? I would go to a movie theater. If you're movie theater owners or out there listening, I would go to a theater. I would spend twice the amount of money on a ticket. If when you walked in there, there were bounces like at a strip club at in every theater. And the second someone voices up, they get thrown out like a drunk trying to touch some gooch. I swear to God, I would be in there in a second just to watch that. But I swear to God, wouldn't that be great? You walk in this big bounce all of a sudden. Yeah, Tom Cruise, you would have been wow. And then you hold out. That's not a bad idea. I would pay twice the amount of money for a ticket. Hey, Chris, what's up? Hey guys, what's up? My mission possible to experience is just as miserable. I'm sitting there and the first seven guys come in 20 minutes late. Then they don't shut up. They move musical chairs up the whole movie. You must have been in the same place I was. Well, actually, I was in Willowbrook, New Jersey. The theater was horrible. I told fire. I couldn't take it. I could tell all my friends. I said, hush. What did the guy say? He says, lick my something. There you go. Lick my something. That's the answer you get. I'm like, well, you're disrupting the movie, moron. And then he says, kiss my you know what? My friend actually goes, Chris, don't make a scene. Just let it go. I don't put up with this. You know what's even more annoying than this? The laser pointers. Why do they have to bring them to the movie theater? Let me tell you something. I got so distracted from the Hispanic family to my left that I forgot to tell you about the black people in front that were giving me the problem at the beginning. I saw a little mag light flashlight flashing it in people's eyes during the freaking movie. Do you need that? I know you're fascinated by a light. Oh, God. Coming like a mission, have an enjoyable experience at the theater. It's impossible. Thank God for Joey Paizano and the DVD player, Opie. Yes. Thank God. Because I'm going to hook that thing up. I'm going to build a vault that I'm going to live in and just a little slot in the front for someone to slip in DVDs. Hey, Cowbell Bill on the line. Huh? Bill. Cowbell Bill. What's up, boys? How's your cranky ass? What's up, Bill? Not much, man. Listen, I just wanted to say I had a great time at the show. Yeah, the road show Thursday. Unbelievable. All right. And time to come home. Yeah, I got to get back to Long Island. I forgot what it was like, the safety and sanctity of Northport. I know. It's unbelievable. But have you noticed it's just a general attitude all over? Yeah, it is. It's gotten out of hand. Whether it be behind the counter at McDonald's. Yep. Or, you know, I had a friend of mine, she brought her son to the dentist the other day, went out to use the bathroom in the hallway. And, you know, I'm not pointing the finger at anybody, but there's a black woman out there. She is in the women's room with the door open, peeing all over everything. Jesus Christ. So she turns around, she comes back in, sits down at the dentist, like I'm not going there. You know, and the woman comes in, it's like, what's your problem? Oh my God. Yeah, big confrontation there. But, yeah, it's all over the place. The one lower guy on the fairway yesterday came toward me, five, ten miles an hour, I'm standing there waiting to hit my ball. I had to move out of the way, runs over my ball. Oh my God. Right? And just keeps on going into the sunset. I'm like, no. You should have whipped the ball out, Bill, and the driver. And just smacked him. I could have wrapped my green eye around his head. We've done that before on the course. All right, you run over my ball, here comes one right to the back of your head. That's it, man. But just in general, man, it's an attitude that, you know, young kids, white, black, whatever, they all got it. I don't know where it's coming from. I don't know. Dated communities for everyone. That's it. All right, Bill. I just wanted to voice my opinion, guys. Cool, man. All right. The lady. Take it easy. There goes Cranky-Ass Cowboy Bill. Hey, Bill. Cowboy Bill. Yeah, you know. Cowboy Bill. I don't know what it is. I think, I'm tired of it, but there's nothing you can do about it. Right. You just got to deal with it. But then you get more and more pissed off, and you can't even go to the movies anymore. Memorial Day weekend, sis. That's just insane to try to get into a movie. You know, but I swear, it happens all the time. Everyone obviously did it, but... It happens everywhere. It's people that just don't give a F. They think their life is so friggin' important that they put themselves above everyone else. All I want is to go and watch a goddamn movie. That's it. In silence. Russ! Relative silence. Russ. Russ, man, what's up? I think you're the last caller on this subject. What do you got? All right, man. Listen, Anthony, I got a solution for you. Yeah. Okay? We're going to take a bullet just telling you you're hearing impaired. Okay? And they'll give you a set of infrared headphones. You got to put down like a 20-up deposit or something on them. They'll give it right back to you at the end. You all got to take crap from nobody. Wow, that's cool. That's definitely cool. All right, Russ. All right. Syndication, who cares? I got into a phone call, so... All right, cool. I'm reading that. Oh, wow. We forgot to get your review. Was it a good movie? No. I didn't like it. I'm not going to say anything about it or anything. It's just the first one, which was like, eh, was better than this one. Really? The only cool thing with like the cool masks that they wear, the Mission Impossible masks, and they peel it off. Yeah, those are cool. I don't know. The story was kind of... I didn't care. Maybe I was just... Maybe there was more action in the theater before I saw the movie, so it kind of made it pale by comparison. I don't know. All right, Ed. Good job. You know, there's no way... My final statement. Yeah. There's no way any guy who's watching this right now, who's watching this right now, any group of people of any ethnic background is going to get respect and be treated like frigging human beings if you don't act like them. That's it. You can't force a group to like another group or respect another group. They have to earn it. And from what I'm seeing, nothing's being earned. Thank you, as far as the movie's gone. Ed? Yes, I'll be... You didn't go to Wendy's after the movie, did you? I know it. You people. All right, let's regroup. Let's regroup. We're done with... We're done with the wacky movie theater. You want to give out Red Hot Chili Pepper tickets or wrestling tickets? I like that wrestling. You want the wrestling at this hour? All right, we'll do the Red Hot Chili Peppers in the 6 o'clock hour. But right now, if you're the 10th caller at 212-757-1027, you get a pair of tickets to see the WWF June 24th at the Garden. Powered by Opie and Anthony. Owned by Infinity Broadcasting. This is 1027-WNEW, New York. 212-757-1027 as Cole Chamber kicks in here real fast. Let's say hi to Gorilla Boy. Now we don't. How's that? Used to be known as Jeff Norris. He's now known as Gorilla Boy. Thanks to Otto and George. Gorilla Boy bringing in his pictures from the road show. These are very nice, but it was quite a skeptical getting these developed at CBS. Oh, wow. I'm wondering how many people are having trouble getting their pictures back. How many people are getting arrested? I had a rough time. And it is some kind of machine that's right behind the counter by the way. Oh, displays like people could just walk by. It's a picture facing out so there was a lady in front of me. So she sees a picture like, there's one of Trish in her bikini. And she sees a picture of Otto so they don't get too bad. But then when they have pictures like the fun bags and the whale eye shot and everything she goes, oh my God, this place is... So the guy goes, why are you telling me they're on it? I can't develop them. Like, oh, I'm going to get arrested. I can't develop them. I'm like, calm down. I go, listen, they're from Opie Anthony's road show. So there was this technician there from Kodak working on a machine or something. He goes, get out of here. He gives me a stack of coupons. He goes, I'll give you free enlargements if you let me take the negatives. It was wild, man. It was a great weekend. There were hundreds of cameras there. Hundreds. There's got to be... Oh, he's nuts. Thousands. I mean, 50,000. There's got to be thousands of pictures. Way more than thousands. Huge. Just ridiculous. I was sliding into home base between the legs taking pictures. We're trying to get ahold of Steve from foundrymusic.com because he's only gone through half the videotape so far for the road show. He's got 30 clips up right now. I think he has all the shots that I have because you can see his camera and some of the pictures like the line there. So we were kind of a tag team that day. All right. Let's go to Getz. Getz, what's going on? What's up, guys? Perfect opportunity for a live show. What are you talking about? For the psychopaths. What are you talking about? You got a guy. You got a guy hanging off of a building on 1st Avenue and Delancey Street. Every news crew is over there. Get out of here. The guy's hanging from the building? The guy, if you put on any news station, the guy's wearing red pants, hanging off the side of the building. The cops are there trying to talk him down. He's pissed because he missed the road show. I'm a truck driver. I just drove by there. Can anyone else confirm this? Is it on TV? I just heard it on 1010. That's why I was looking over there. I was sitting in traffic. Turned down 1010 for a second. What is the guy just hanging from his hands or what? The guy is literally like he was climbing a rock wall. He's hanging off the side of the building. Whoa. Sick, man, sick. And what is it, 1st Avenue and? It's like Delancey Street and 1st Avenue up block east. Yeah, okay. Can't miss it. Cool. Thank you, Getz. All right, man. Whenever you need Leo, Getz. Right on, pal. Man, that's nuts. All right, we talked about the Knicks. Big change win yesterday without you in the lineup. Makes me a very happy boy. Yes. Hope he always looks like the hero. What are you handing out? I don't know. What is this? Oh, the Mike Tyson thing. He's always in the news, this guy. This was in People Magazine. Actually, there's a couple of interesting things in the latest issue of People Magazine. Sandy's confirming jumper. Hold on. Sandy. Hey. Hey. I'm right here on Delancey. You know, the guy in red sweatpants hanging off the side of the building. Are you serious? I'm telling you that every square block in like a five block radius is blocked off. There are hundreds of people on the street and this guy is hanging by his arms from the corner of the building with three cops standing over him. How can he hold on for that long? Listen, I don't know. I'm not up there, but I can see him hanging. Can you see him right now? I just rounded the corner. I can't, but up until you just ask that question, I can see him. Psycho Mark's in the area. He should go down there with the megaphone and just start screaming, jump, jump, jump. He's absolutely unbelievable and there are easily 200 cops down here. Wow. Yeah, it's pretty insane, so I just wanted to give you the latest update. All right. Thank you, Sandy. No problem. All right. Bye. I'm going to be on TV today. Yeah, some guy getting splattered. You should have a wow trampoline from the jump into. So, there's a couple of interesting things with people in the magazine this week. Yeah. Did you read about Dana Carvey? Did anyone read about Dana Carvey? I wonder, like a lot of people, where he's been lately. He's had some heart problems. He's only like, what, 42 years old or something. Yeah. A few years back, he was having all sorts of chest pains and stuff. So, he goes in for that angioplasty that we just had. Sure. He had it done like three or four times, three or four times, and he still had the chest pains. It was bad. So, they finally decide he needs some bypass surgery. He needs, I think, two arteries cleared out. What, did they have like pizza cheese in his bottle when he was a baby? I don't know. 42 and he's got the heart problems. Dude, this gets sick. So, they got to do the bypass on two of the arteries. I'm looking at the TV, sorry. All right. So, he doesn't go to like a place where his doctor said to go. He decided to have the operation closer to home, and he goes into this hospital and gets it done. So, after the operation, he started to feel good. But quickly, a couple of weeks, and he's right back having the chest pains and stuff. He's like, what the hell's going on? I had the angioplasty, that didn't work. I had the bypass surgery. I should be fine now. I'm 42, right? He goes to his doctor. Turns out, they did the bypass on the wrong artery. Oh, no. What? They did it on the good one? They did it on the good artery. Oh, man. So, they took a good artery. They F'd up one of his good arteries. Oh. And still the bad one. I mean, he's still got the bypass. So, now, I mean, it's clear, but it's not like having your good, strong artery in your heart, because they got to use the artery in your leg, which isn't as strong. And they said, besides that, they said he could have died, because, you know, everyone was assuming he was clear and everything. Whoa. That is wild. He stinks. He's great, too. So, but, I mean, there's a whole article in People Magazine about the surgery and how he's suing everybody, which I'll sue everyone. Chopping broccoli. I'll sue. And how he's finally back. But that was the reason why he hasn't been around lately. Chopping broccoli. Are you nuts? Doing the bypass surgery on the wrong artery, a healthy artery? Today, we got people that are in the office across the street. Is that true? Let's go to Stu. I don't know. Stu, what's up? Hi, I'm working right across the way from that place. The guy's hanging and screaming. I can't really hear what he's making out, but he's definitely there. He's saying, okay, perfect. Right. He's saying, okay, terrific. He's good. There's no way he's not going to fall, though. He's got him. I'm over here now. Well, this is radio. Explain this to us. He's just hanging by his fingers? He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. He's hanging by his fingers. I guess that's a six or eight story building. Yeah. How do we mark? Something like that. And he's screaming? No, he's yelling something, but I don't know if he's... Can't really make out what he's saying. Can you open a window? These windows don't open. What are you kidding? They'd rather let us die of... Break one. ...of the fumes from the building. I want somebody in a building like right near him that has an open window so we can hear him yelling. Yeah, I want to hear him screaming the way down. That's our goal right now. You should just send Cycle Mark down there. I'll start down there. Stu, hold on. I'm going to keep you on the line, all right? Sure. Hold on. The cop wants to confirm this. Bobby! Yo, what's up? What's going on? What's happening? Listen, he is hanging off the building, but there's airbags everywhere. So if we fall, it's no big deal. Oh, they got airbags? Everybody's up there. Everybody and their grandmother. So what? Tell anybody that's going there, just don't. Because too many people are over there. What Cycle Mark and the building next door could be kind of fun. So what have you found out? Why is he hanging? What is he yelling? They tell us a lot, but they don't tell us that much. He's just hanging off the roof. The call comes over the radio and everybody and their grandmother went. Man. I heard that he's pissed because he couldn't see Mission Impossible 2 in a quiet movie theater. I think he's pissed because he got disturbed over Memorial Day weekend with a beep on the movie theater. Yeah, it has to be it. Listen, look, there's a lot of airbags. If he goes, he goes. All right, Bobby. Listen, greetings. Thank you. Later, guys. Bye. No, Stu didn't say anything about that. What? Hey, Stu. Yeah? There's airbags on the ground? Yeah, they're blowing them up pretty furiously. Ah, it's the guy on any balls. He jumped before they filled him. It's him. Hey, Stu. Stu. Yell him. Stu. This guy sounds like he's in his car. This guy sounds like he's in his car, not in an office building. What, is your office building moving into the holland tunnel? Stu. Stu pit. See if you can get him back. That's a moving car phone. I think he's lying. Yeah, it's Mark Dannon from Channel 2. Very good. No, what? Nothing on the TV, though, huh? It's a tough area to get down to. Well, oh my God, look how old she's getting. Who is she? Michelle Marsh. Michelle Marsh. Stu. He's in a car. God, she looks like they powdered her face up like one of those Chinese Geisha girl things. Hell. Yeah. That was getting really old. Bill Butel. Put him out of his misery. What are you guys doing? I thought he was dead. The guy is so old he doesn't have any voice left. Bill Views Bill. We've been watching him ever since we were what, four, five? Long time you've been on TV. His voice is so weak. There he is. I'm just a giant liver spot. Well, now everyone's calling about the jumper. Yeah. Is it the same guy that jumped at the Yankee game over the weekend? Did you see that? That guy is pretty funny. The guy definitely jumped on purpose knowing that he could hit that net. Yeah. And then the ump was just like, F'em. Play. Right. Just keep playing. Screw this guy. He laid there for a while. Yeah. And then he gets up all drunk. Hey, hey, hey, hey. What an angel. Only in New York. I got to say, and I were in Boston this weekend, that guy made New York look so bad. You see those stupid idiots at the stadium? You see a guy playing with Yankees in his socks? That drunk, he was caught. He was throwing it to the net. He was jumping it to the net. He was wicked bizarre. They hate the Yankees up there. Oh my God, do they hate them. They were chanting it at one point at the Potsboro Stadium for the concert. Yankees suck. Yeah, sure. Okay, sure. That's like chanting, air sucks. You know? I mean, you can say whatever you want, but you know it rules. You know it kicks your sorry red sock ass. That's all. Yeah, Yankees suck. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Water, food sucks. Eat me. Anthony, we can't confirm this, but someone's saying it's Steve Mason hanging from that shoulder. Oh man. Of course, can't confirm that. And now that people have found out it is Steve, they're starting to just leave the area. He's screaming, but no one seems to be listening. He got fired from doing mornings here in case we had some new listeners. And he was bragging about how he's got this brand new syndicated show that's going to be heard all over the country. Sue pushed him. Well, that syndicated show has already been canceled. Ouch. That's got to hurt. Bill Buttella slowly turns into the new Roger Grimsby. He is. Remember when we were kids, like Roger Grimsby was the old guy? Yeah. And he finally died. And Bill Buttella is like the young hip anchor man. Now he's like Roger Grimsby. Roger Grimsby. Roger Grimsby. Look at my liver spot. It's just one. It comes to my whole body. And this just in, the jumper. Yeah. It's being reported that it's Psycho Mark trying to get on another radio show. Hey Rich, what's up? Hello. How are you Rich? Hey, how's it going? That's the same dude with the, I haven't seen the guy on the Lampy Street, but I work on 12th Street and Fifth Avenue and it's the same dude that tried to jump last week, but they got him down. They had the mats out and everything. Oh really? Yeah. I say let him jump. Someone should stick a knife in the balloons and let him jump. Yeah, if you do it once and they save you. Yeah. If you want to do it again, they ought to just let you. Yeah. And obviously. Yeah, it's an occasion when the guy jumps. All right. Very good. Later. I mean after a suicide attempt like that, you're obviously probably given the best psychological care that you can get right after it. On our money. Yeah. On our money. Yeah. And you're not going to get any money? No. You're not going to get any money right after it? On our money. Yeah. On our money, thank you. And if it doesn't work, I mean what does he have to look forward to? Just let him do it. Who cares? Where's Mel Gibson when you need him? Thin out the hurt, yeah. You want to jump? You want to jump? That is such a sick scene. All right, let's do it. Come on, let's go. I want to go. Someone's saying it's Scott Munoz, Tired of Two for Tuesday already, and he's jumping from the top of the Q1 4-Billing. This is just in it. It's a black girl, but he's too lazy to actually jump. Can't confirm any of these reports. Joe, you're next on N.E.W. Yeah, it's Mike Adams. Working on 1 o'clock. All right, thank you. Thanks a lot. Oh, I'm in a band now that we're covering Baby Rapers, our new official cover. Oh yeah? Yeah. Wow. That's pretty cool. Fuel would be flattered. Yeah, right. That's fraud.com. All right, thank you, Joe. Thanks. Covering Baby Rapers. It's a cover, too. It's a cover. That's great. I'm jumping, come on! What are you going to do? Bell on the car phone, talk me down. Mike, what's going on? I think the jumper's actually a faithful listener trying to get the show syndicated. Very good. Syndication. Thank you. It's not Rick Lazio getting more attention for his set-to-run, is it? The whole falling down thing didn't quite work, so he's going to the next level. He figures it's a little higher. They're saying now that it's a construction worker who slipped and he was trying to pee on Spaz's head. Rob from Brooklyn, Anthony. Yeah? Even though I'm in Brooklyn, I can see the jumper. It's Anthony's lawyer. That's not funny. It's funny because I don't know him. I'm over here now. Mike Tyson. So the other article in People magazine, started this about a half hour ago. Yeah. During a recent party at his house in Las Vegas, not only did boxer Mike Tyson tell guests that his wife of three years, Monica Turner, a pediatrician and the mother of two of his children, is divorcing him, he also showed off cameras in his bedroom that he said he uses to protect himself against any accusations of rape. Is that what he does? He's got the cameras in the bedroom now, so no one could accuse him of rape. It doesn't even know that. I would be taping this, videotaping this, just in case. Does he ask for permission? Do I ask for permission? Let me read it in the article. If I could read it, I would read it myself. Right. Let's see. House, Las Vegas, Mike Tyson. Tyson. Oh, that's me. So what is it? He videotaped one? No, he now has videotapes in his bedroom, so he's not accused of rape. So he rapes him in a living room. Right. Wow. He'll take the cameras on the road? No, no, no. I'm trying to read this. I wonder if Tyson, who's one year matter of fact is Robin Givens, and in 1989, will take the cameras on the road. Oh, well, he probably should. He does most of his raping on the road, Anthony. Yeah, that he does. Wow, he must have some good videos then, huh? Imagine what that looks like. He's out of his mind. That looks like the Loch Ness Monster. Let me tell you, going into a cave, I said, don't look at me, bitch. I'll smack you. All right, you stay there. Don't wipe the blood away. I have to change the tape. I'm here now. Take that with you and lay right here, because I got to change to Super 8. Okay? Look what I did to you again. See, we can rewind and both look at what I did to you again. And again. Allegedly. All right. You whore. I will kind of this one. Look what I did to you again, you whore. I'll punch you. Give me another label. Hang the vulva. Look at this one. Look at this one. Me boning whores, bargain 1 to 80. This is last week's collection. Little wacky. You can like, man, that's great. A lot of people taking in about the Jumper still, Anthony. An old cranky ass from Midtown, forget the airbags, they should use foam. It worked at the O'Neill Summer Bash. Well, not really. Dave from Manhattan, Jumper's last words, shut up, Bernard. Joe from Jersey, suicide guns are stuck. Let's go to Billy. Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy. Hello? Billy Ballou. Yeah, I want to know why I had 1010 wins on and they tell me there's some sort of problem down to Lancy Street. Police investigation, we don't have details yet. But I turned you two guys on, you tell me there's a Jumper up there. We're well connected. Yeah, I don't get it. All news, all day, the Opean Anthony Show. All the news you need to know and boobs. A syndication when there's more on the spot of themselves, guys. Thank you, Billy. We're ahead of 1010 wins today, Anthony. Yeah. We have a news exclusive. We're breaking news here on the Opean Anthony Show. Sandy. Hi. Hi. How you doing? Good. You know, I heard you were getting raped. When were we doing that? I heard you doing that. What are you talking about, baby? What am I talking about, baby? I'm talking about you, baby. This is I am Mike Pryson. You remember me? I was pulled away for raping a woman, allegedly. No, that was rape, wasn't it? I went away for that. Now I videotape my horse. But that's in your bedroom, right? It's not rape we're talking about because I have not been convicted. Why, you got a problem with I am Mike Pryson? I don't got a problem with Mike Pryson. Although Mike Pryson's a you-know-what. Why don't you come over here? Only if I could go in your bedroom with your videotape, okay? I will whine and dine you. And then make you, why are your frigging jaws shut? You know, poor... Shut up! Oh my God, goodbye. Yeah, goodbye. Should be coming back for more. I gotta get this special wide lens for your fat ass. You wish. Don't I? Yeah, I do wish. You're gonna need a big ass when you get about 18 inches of Louisiana black snake, you whore. Not with your small penis. Shut up! I'll crack you. You need one right in the, I can't say that word. That's right, you can. Back in the labia majora. L-U-C-A-N. Goodbye. Come on. Anthony, we have another update on the jumper. Oh yeah? Yeah. We're your new station. Lisa, what's up? Hi, how are you? Great. I live in the area that's drove by. Yeah? He? Yeah? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? A pillow? All right, so you just took a flight. Yeah. That was amazing. And he says it was fun. Yeah. Yeah, it was fun. Yeah. It was a lot of fun. Yeah. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. Thank you. Yeah. I just want to say that I'm really excited for crossing the bridge. Four ambulances, and two fire trucks. He needs to jump. He's moving on to the face. Can you see him right now? No. I drove away already. I can't see him. But there are more ambulances going that direction. That's all the ruckus. Can we get a megaphone down there and just start screaming, somebody please help us? There's a whole bunch of people there. he's a funny field compound right well thank you guys thank you is that about and i would like to do a movie which you coming up with a lot of film all of my movies in the guns or style but i guess that we have someone get a speaker out the window we want to talk to the jumper live we want to do that so for life we'll get a good job uh... this is a kind of airbag it's uh... rockaway bedding there we can see we want this kind of job we don't want to save you know usually people talk and down yeah we we just want to yeah we want to make a job someone get a speaker out of thin the herd out their window and get us on this part on a phone right now what's it'll happen but who have it you watch uh... home like a lot of someone's gotta be there to listen in uh... and reach back one hand pull cell phone out of the back pocket fall uh... uh... this poll the jumper and looks like there then we'll get the exclusive here ten ten will have this in twenty minutes are rich what's going on yeah i don't know if you know we have a just pull them over how they did yeah he's on the other act in it uh... why don't you guys let them go uh... another group of those who's driving by yeah i heard it on the radio i didn't hear it on my radio don't know it how cool guy rich thank you and thanks for that jumper say i can't you know i had a good jumper in a while yeah we had one outside the hard uh... not hard rock on the harley davison all that guy splattered he went my twenty five stories that the one picture that i saw what he did i think so that was actually but i don't want to get a header though exploded yeah for downed by jumping is not a problem uh... we got to break it enough on the job for a guess he's safe because said we said uh... dead from hell i'd love to see other fans with random sayings on their cars i've seen okay terrific pay them over here now and house might blow not very funny stuff when you drive it but that's true people starting to do that on their cars so i guess so are that uh... i promise to read how chili pepper tickets let's give those way alright will regroup i think we're close to what did we learn today on the own a show area close uh... when receives a pair of things to see the red hot chili peppers and the fighters july fourteenth at the p m c art center the show is sold out but we do have some of uh... some uh... tickets laying around the joint will take the test call right now to one two seven five seven one oh two seven uh... such as and maybe our p g seven seven w any double u and the rockaway bed i love my rockaway bed you know if they put the bed that i got underneath the jumper and he jumped he would fall asleep right there on the rockaway bed not even knowing he had plummeted how's that for a little time that was the one that was not to do person yeah hundred forty stores throughout new york and new jersey featuring brandy mattresses uh... c l a certain apostropa because that was silly possibly to set a perfectly brunson is being around invisible man got me up apprised of the sixty five simple at the time so prizes progress that is the only major area mattress or obviously a free steel bed frame free delivery free complete removal of your old bedding and i you can buy everything their headboards metal beds futon stay beds electric beds bunk beds anything you need to sleep get it at rockaway bedding rockaway beddings the fastest growing chain of mattress stores in new york and new jersey for a reason the best prices friendly service and free delivery to your home you can shop on rocker beddings area stores we're gonna call one eight hundred try a bed one eight hundred try out dead if jay more anthony uh... spas lovely erica everyone sleeping in a rockaway bedding bed you should too right right rockaway bedding one eight hundred try a bed uh... just around and our genius i'm gonna cut the crap on this and i can tell you that one oh two seven double u any trouble you all right two one two seven five seven one oh two seven i believe we've covered everything today at the end action-packed show what's the height of everyone going to double-gain tonight play for the fairly top again and the owners on the golf course once again this leaves stride for five the drive for five man uh... well obviously get a root on the devils michael i'm not a big fan of the doubles but env fark factorounds current national He took a pucks to the head, he didn't care. Oh Anthony. What's the matter? We should uh, I was thinking, we need to start getting uh, you know, live boobs on TV now. The wow signs are cool, keep that going, but we need a girl brave enough to flash. Yeah, I'm thinking, I'm thinking the devil's game tonight. I'm thinking it. Yeah when they get on the camera? We need a girl that's brave, that's sitting close to the ice to get her boobs on TV tonight. Imagine like right when someone goes to... They're going to goal. Yeah, or when they're going to slam someone against the boards and on the other side of that plexiglass he just sees two huge cans smashed against the melons. That would be hysterical. Just like the boobs in the Kentucky Fried Movie against the shower door. Just slam them against there man. I'm thinking boobs tonight. I'm thinking it. Yeah. Ladies, do it. If you do it, the Opie and Anthony Show will take care of you like you can only dream up. Should have given tickets out to wet t-shirt contest winners in tonight's game. Yeah. I want to see boobs on TV tonight during this Daily Cup. What would they do? Huh? They could cut it. You won't get in trouble. Yeah. Just got to plop them against the glass. Plop them against the glass, get on TV. Or flop them, flop your shirt up when the camera passes you or something like that. Get on TV. Huh? Yeah. The girl that does it will be completely taken care of. Completely. Right behind the coach's head, you know they would show the coach? Yeah, they show the coach a lot. Spread yourselves out. One behind the penalty box, one behind the coach, one behind each goal. Let her rip. I bet it will happen. But that's what I'm thinking. I'm thinking the ladies have to step up for the team tonight. We need this to happen. You ready to play What Do We Learn on the Show, Anthony? Yeah. Okay. 212-757-1027. I learned old dirty step Colonel Mustard with a Sharpie in the bathroom. Yeah, hold my Sharpie back you crook. That's funny. Let's see. This guy learned that Don should forget about Anthony Shorts and just get those f'n pictures already. Ponderers, f'n ponderers. I also learned about the gay eye from your radio show today. The gay eye. The process by which a male listener attending One's road show fixates himself on Opie's feet and Anthony's legs. This ain't ponderers. It's just plain f'n scary. The gay eye. With all the freaking women around you noticing what Anthony's wearing and that I'm wearing teabas. Yeah, you got a bunch of girls on the stage and you're looking at the gay eye. Heywood from Yonkers. I learned if more movies had subtitles, movie goers would be able to see a movie in peace. That's never going to happen. Scissor from the mean streets of Greenwich. I learned that pillows are set up for when people jump off buildings. Stupid spick bitch. Oh, God. That was Scissor. I'm sorry. I apologize. The racial tensions on this show, from me alone, you filled our race quota today, huh? Yeah. New plaintiffs. Dave from Jersey, I learned that you could buy movie tickets with food stamps. That's brutal. I learned Anthony's bodyguard is a girl. Nice shoes, precious. All right, let's go to the phones and play What Did We Learn on the Opie and Anthony Show today? 2127571027, Patrick, what's up? Hey, I learned, uh, syndication Napster today. Yeah, throw it on Napster. We don't care. Yeah, we don't care. Download our bits. That's pretty cool. All right, man. Thanks. We love the exposure. Right? Yeah. Uh, John, what's going on? Hello? Opie? Yeah. Yeah, did you hear Cycle Mark on the Radio Chick Show today? Yeah, that's... we should get into it. That's why we kind of hung up on Cycle Mark. You know, I mean... Is this a good thing? Yeah, it's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. It's a good thing. He's decided to go on other shows. He doesn't need to be on our show anymore. He tried to crack down on that guy before, right? Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. That's not right, you know? He's a radio whore. Yeah, I mean, you guys bring him to the road shows and stuff. All he has to do is stand there with a freaking video camera, pull out the tape, and that, you know, I mean, how much fun is that? And then he screws you guys like on another show. Yeah, that's all right. He could be on the Radio Chick Show all he wants. That's why Black Girl's not part of this anymore. Yeah. Yeah, that's Black Girl. All right, man. Thanks. Bye. Yeah. Barry from Jersey, I learned Psycho Mark has to be on every show. It's so true. Yeah. I'm more psycho. And Shmoo from Queens, I learned that Anthony's new girlfriend shops for him at the Gap in Old Navy. I got my own clothes. Psycho Mark! Yeah. What's up? How's it going? Good. Now you sound high. Yeah, right. I wish. Now he sounds pissed off. Well, whatever, dude. Why are you on everyone's shows? I am not on everyone's shows. Everyone is calling saying you're on the Radio Chick Show today. Yeah, you know what? You don't want to know why. Because I have to walk into the studio constantly to update stuff. And occasionally they'll have, they maybe see me and mention my name. But I'm not like going in there like Earl. Come on. You are so blasted. Have you been drinking? You are so blasted. Who are you? It's after five o'clock. Who are you kidding? I'm not kidding anybody. You are so blasted right now. I might have got the pot at the road show, but Rick took the heroin. Mark, have you been drinking? Have I been drinking? Yeah. And if I was? No, I'm just wondering. No, I haven't. Yeah, right. I haven't. I haven't had a sip. You are so hammery, man. I can tell. Have you? We work with you every day. We can tell. Oh, okay. Look at you. You can't even do the ga ga ga or anything. I can do ga ga ga. Ga ga ga. Those times. This is torture. Torture. You are gone, man. All right. Very, very good. Torture. This is torture. Torture. This is torture. All right. Now say that right now. See, you can't do it with your hammer. Torture. It's torture. Torture. This is torture. Torture. Torture. Torture. Torture. Torture. This is torture. I'm not hammered. I wish I was. Hold on. Hold on. We'll make the... We'll decide this. Okay. Let's hear the sober psychomark. Torture. This is torture. All right. Now let's hear the blasted psychomark on the phone. Torture. I mean, so much torture. You mess. As I remember, this was the blasted mark. Torture. This is torture. Torture. This is torture. Torture. This is torture. Torture. This is torture. Torture. Torture. This is torture. Oh, that's true. Yeah, yeah, that is true. I'm sorry. All right. Get away. I'm guilty. All right, now. See you later. Bye. There you go, psychomark. This is the tall guy. Yeah, this is the tall guy. Hey, hey, hey. Oh, boy. All right. Let's go to Eric. Eric, what did you learn on the show today? OP, Anthony. Hey. How you doing, guys? Good. I'm doing great. I'm doing great. I'm doing great. I'm doing great. I'm doing great. I'm doing great. I'm doing great. How you doing, guys? Good. I learned that Anthony's adventure to the theater was indeed Mission Impossible. Yes. See the movie in peace. Mission Impossible. Impossible. All right. Thank you, bro. You got it. Let's go to Pete. Pete? You're next, Pete. Precious. Anthony, what's up, fellas? Hey. I learned that Anthony took his girlfriend to see Mission Impossible because dinosaurs are sold out. All right. Did you beat your first save rule? Peace out. All right. I'll tell you. Let's go to Mike. Mike, what did you learn on the show? I learned that you guys are only going to get syndicated when the blacks and the Puerto Ricans can be quiet in the movie. Oh, my God. Thank you. No problem. Later, guys. All right. I learned that the Olsen twins now have buds and are four years from a threesome. Yeah, very good. Actually, three years. Seventeen's legal in this state, right? Two years and eight months. Olsen's watching the calendar. Hog-flogger from the Bronx. I learned that Ashley Olsen could stand up for her own at the movies with her new boyfriend Anthony. Ashley Olsen. 14. Dan, Dan's checking in. I learned that the new Steve Kaczynski show didn't even last as long as the Cathy Lee CD in Opie's hands. What a mess. Mike. Hey, Mike. Yeah. What's up? What did you learn? You know, I originally called to tell you talk to you about the devils and I want to thank you for rooting for them. Well, that was a weak root. Trust me. Yeah, I know. I know. But at least you're staying local. You know, I mean, hell with Dallas. That's always been my philosophy. You got to stay local when it gets down to that. But you know what? Since I've been listening, I forgot I heard Psycho Mark on the morning show with his cap gun. You did have a cap gun. I was listening, I guess, about quarter to 10. I was listening to the show. I was listening to the show. I was listening to the show. I was listening to the show. I was listening to the show. I was listening, I guess, about quarter to 10. Oh my God, he did have a cap gun today. And he had a cap gun and they were laughing about it. He's like Dennis the Menace. He rides around here on a scooter shooting a cap gun at people. It's amazing. It was hilarious. I couldn't believe it. I'm sitting here listening and I was like, holy, nobody said anything about this yet. I couldn't believe it. He was on three shows today. He would be on Don and Mike, but they already taped their show before it airs at 7. Yeah, but he could have been going in and out. And he's too stoned to be on Ron and Feza's show. At 11 o'clock at night. Thanks, boys. Indication whenever. Thank you. Psycho Mark. Dude, I'm trying to crank one out. What? What? Were you on the morning show with your cap gun? I walked in there. Yeah. Well, you have to walk in to be on the air. I didn't even say anything. I just had the gun in my hand and they mentioned me. Is that against the law? Oh, man. Was it trial day today? Guilty! It's so funny. All right, man. It's torture! It's torture! It's torture! All right, we got to go. Yeah, great. We'll see you tomorrow. We'll listen for you on PLJ tomorrow. Mike from Staten Island learned a whole bunch of S today, Anthony. Yeah. Hope he didn't go through puberty till he got to New York. That's pretty good. If you're going to save someone from jumping off a building, you can use two things, a giant pillow or a rockaway bed. Spaz's Week in Review is now being read by ACK and he does it on Tuesday. If you can guess when the guy jumps, you win chili pepper tickets. Syndication win. Ah, F it. Yeah. Very good. I learned that N.E.W. is powered by Opie and Anthony. Mm-hmm. Very good. I learned that Frank from Union, New Jersey can't write one instant feedback and be happy with it. He's got to write a thousand of the F'ing things and send them in. Frank, you tool. Lenny from Brooklyn. Leave Psycho Mark alone. He's going to be late for the Dynamite Show. All right, let's go to Tom. Tom, what did you learn on the show today? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey. I learned to say that you're hearing impaired when you go to the movies. Yeah. Yes. Yo, syndication when you guys get the other half of that roast beef sandwich. Press conference. God damn, you're taking it way back. There we go. Reference of the day. Oh, yeah. Obscure reference of the day. Wow, very good. Right on. And we were eating roast beef. All right, thanks, Tom. Later. Wow. I don't think we're going to beat that one, so we should just get the hell out of here. I learned Anthony needs a bulletproof vest at the movies, one large and one junior miss. Oh, man. Well, we had fun today. Yes, we did. We're hoping for a Lady to Wow at the Devil's Game tonight, live on TV. And we're also hoping to see a ton of wow signs on the highways and byways tomorrow for Whip of My Wednesday. Anthony? Yes? Give them out. If you don't have the wow sticker yet, you could put a homemade sign on your car. We love the homemade signs. They're great. You guys get creative with that. And, Gorilla Boy, you're doing a wow sticker stop tomorrow for us. Yeah, Route 22 and Union at the back of Game Land across from Coconuts, where we were last Tuesday. Okay. We'll be there. You know what time? I believe I got to ask the Vody. I think about 4 o'clock. All right, cool. And with that, we'll see you guys tomorrow, okay? All right. Don and Mike next. Well, you guys are super. You're like a black eye for all mankind. I don't think they're very nice people. The only way I could actually think they were funny was to be gone heroin. Opie and Anthony. You know, I just like want to throw up. Feel the love. 1027 WNEW.