 I feel stupid, oh so stupid I feel stupid and dumb and dumb Opie and Envy, we've got a smile on our face and a head up our ass 1-8-27-W-N-E-W Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah WAAAAAAA Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Hey Mother F'ers, it's Whip-A-Mow Wednesday, baby, yeah, yeah Who the hell has wow on their car, huh? Come on, I know one guy that does I'm driving in, some guy towing a car, the marshals were out there and everything And they were towing somebody's car and I'm waiting at a light and the guy goes Hey, I got my wow sticker, pointing out, like yeah, any luck? He goes, I just got it on I said, beautiful day for it, good luck to you The boob sighting index today is at a, let me take a look, Anthony Oh, it's nice out there I would give it actually a 7 though, 7 early in the season It could be warmer, it's very nice, but a boob sighting index is at a 7 A lot of new listeners have no clue what Whip-A-Mow Wednesday's about, it's so freaking easy, okay? Here's the deal, you put a wow on your car, you can get one of these fine wow stickers that we have all over the Tri-State area Right Go to the Ranch 1 locations, the participating Ranch 1 locations have the wow sticker You can send in a self-addressed stamped envelope for the wow sticker, just put wow on the envelope W-N-E-W, 888 7th Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, New York, 10106 Make sure it's a self-addressed stamped envelope, we send you a wow sticker, okay? Or the easiest way to get one, just peel it off of someone's car that already has one And I hope you guys are still getting creative out there, even though we've made it real easy this season With the brand new wow sticker that everyone is proud of, we really like when you guys make your homemade signs and stuff Yeah, and I think those might even get a better result, you know what I mean? Like if you really have a big wow sign on your car that you made yourself, colorful, whatever I think a lady passing by would see that and go, oh, now there's somebody who didn't just slap the sticker on there And might not be into it or something, somebody who's really into it, so I'm going to wow them It's early in the season, so we're going to spend a lot of time on Whip-Em-Out Wednesday today, without a doubt Ladies, you see the wow, if you feel like it, you don't have to, no one's forcing you or anything You could show your lovely boobage We also like talking some of the ladies through this, especially early in the season If you're first time at wowing, you see somebody with a sticker or a wow, give us a call from your car And we'll talk you through the whole wowing process Correct, and if you're a fan of the Open Anthony show, we do not want any lady harassed on the highways and the byways There are plenty of women that will do this, no problem, no problem, look, wave, smile and move along Yeah, I mean there are ladies right now driving around looking for wow stickers, I was reading a ton of email before the show They are out there, guys, it is very, very important, do not harass the ladies, do not follow them Just put the wow on your car, mind your own business and hopefully you'll see something, okay? You guys will wreck it for us, I'm telling you, if you're a fan of this show, do not harass the women We have a great bunch of listeners though, like when we do the live shows, all the bouncers always say there's never a problem or anything So I don't think we're going to have any problems like that Alright, but I just want to stress that, yeah, because it's really important Because there are a ton of ladies that want to do this and they will do it And you'll be calling us and saying, oh my God, I didn't think this worked, but it does work It works, man, you just get the wow on your car Alright, and we're doing another wow sticker stop today, Anthony Oh, who's driving? Black Girl Oh my God, no Black Girl will be at the Ranch One location, Anthony, there's a lot of them, but he'll be at the one on 14 East 42nd Street Okay, it's in Manhattan then It's in Manhattan, it's only 15 minutes from the station Well, that's where the normal human being driving? Yeah, well, we told Earl to leave now, he's going to leave in the near future, so he gets there in time I sure hope so Because we don't want to hear Earl in the van like we did yesterday This is actual audio of Earl getting lost going to Fidelity Diamond Oh, help me, help me, help me, somebody help me, help me, help me Yeah, he was kind of crying yesterday, he got lost, it took a long time But everybody got their stickers that were there and they were very happy, huge crowd yesterday Yeah, unbelievable Thank you, thank you for the support, okay? But Ranch One, 42nd Street and Fifth Avenue, I guess it's right there on the corner or pretty close If you get to 42nd and Fifth Avenue, you'll see with the wow van, you'll see the crowd And Earl will be there at 4 o'clock, maybe we'll send Psycho Mark down there, I mean these things are turning into little parties, right, Anthony? Hell yeah Little mini road shows Yeah, so 4 o'clock, Ranch One, 42nd Street and Fifth Avenue, we'll be there with the brand new wow stickers, okay? Yep We've got to talk to Paul real fast, I guess there's a pilot writing wow in the sky Paul Yo What's up buddy? What's up guys, how you doing? Real good Good, we're all set for today You're the pilot? Yeah And you're allowed to write wow in the sky? I'm allowed to write mom Oh, really? Oh, really? Yeah We got permission today from the FAA and the approach and departure controls, we're all set to go Alright, so how are we going to handle this? Well, I'm going to leave Sussex Airport at about quarter to five And sometime between five and five fifteen I'll start writing it And where will you be writing this fine mom sign? It's going to be over Central Park And it'll pitch, with the way the wind is today, it should float over the river You should be able to see it from all over New York Paul Alright, we want a bunch of pictures of that Yeah, Paul, if you do this we're going to bow to you today And if anyone can get pictures of this, please send them into the radio show Can you call us from the plane or anything? You got a phone? No, it wouldn't work I don't think you can The problem with the phone at the air is it usually picks up the furthest tower away and you wind up paying Alright, well how about you call us just before you take off or something? Oh yeah, I could do that Yeah, alright, hold on, we're going to give you a special number, we've got to get you right through to the radio show Okay Alright, there's Paul the pilot everyone, he's going to be writing Mom in the Sky today, Anthony Mom It's going to be a big mom sign over Central Park For, you know, the upcoming Mother's Day, Opie, of course, it's Mom, has nothing to do with Whip-Em-Out Wednesday Hey Paul, if you make this happen today Yeah You could have the run of the place Yeah, you come in here, we want to meet you and everything It's going to happen, it's a done deal You will officially be a hangar on Cool You'll be able to show up whenever you want Cool You'll be whisked right into the studio Hey, what altitude do you do that at? Ten thousand Ten thousand Ten thousand feet That rocks man Alright, hold on Paul Okay guys Alright, there he goes, Paul, he's going to be writing Mom in the Sky today, Anthony Big wow over Central Park Oh my God, if he That's going to rock If he pulls this one off, I'll be amazed, I'll be absolutely amazed You know what's great? The Opie and Anthony show, we've always had our army, we've been building our army He hung up, Paul, Paul, we need to talk to you You sure? Okay We've been building our army up You know, whenever there's an enemy of the show or something that we need done, our listeners are rabid We love it Yes And now we're beginning our Air Force That's right, we're building an Air Force now, we actually have aircraft involved in this program This goddamn radio show is a virus at this point I'm waiting for We have syndication on the ground There are hundreds upon hundreds of people, maybe thousands at this point, listening to us all over the country Infiltration man, I love it The lawyers are like, they're shutting down websites and the next day they pop up somewhere else It's just getting absolutely nuts, this radio show You know what we need now? A submarine Can we have an Opie and Anthony submarine to launch a Polaris missile or something? How cool would that be? We're like Batman, we need a chopper A chopper I'm so glad we have a goddamn airplane now This is great The Air Force, this rocks And then wait until the nice weather gets here, the nice summer hot weather gets here We're going to get the boats out there with the wow well have our Navy We've done the boat thing Yeah, because you know people are cruising all over the place and they want the girls to wow as they're tooling by on their speed boats Wear the Ruskies with some Migs We need some Migs up there Like it or not, this will be the most popular radio show in New York City They cannot stop us People are trying to stop us left and right, but you know what? This will be the most popular radio show in New York City God damn it I'm waiting for this Mission Control, it's Space Shuttle Atlantis This is Space Shuttle Atlantis We are about to launch the latest satellite out of the shuttle elevator There it goes And look, there's a wow sticker on it Wouldn't that be great if we could get someone from NASA to slap a wow sticker on one of their satellites they launched? Anything's possible At this point, a while back that would have seemed ludicrous Anything now is possible It is in the realm of possibility I want a wow sticker orbiting the globe Anything's possible Isn't that right? So I can do that right at the last minute He just whapslaps a wow sticker on a satellite Well here's the deal Mom will be in the sky today Yep Over Central Park If this guy pulls it off, I'm going to freak He's ready to go We've done some crazy things in our little radio career This would go right to the top I think Look at this, a guy just got a new boat He wants to name it wow Name it On the back of the boat Wow Do it up man Alright listen There are some great phone calls on hold We want every single one of these people to stay on hold, okay? We'll talk to you guys next We got to talk about the radio chick We got to talk about the enemy of the show We got a really funny email I got to read Yeah And of course, it's Whip-Em-Out Wednesday Yeah Ladies, take care of the guys that have their wows on their cars, okay? It would be greatly appreciated Whip-Em-Out Wednesday What does Dr. Zachary Smith think of Whip-Em-Out Wednesday, Opie? Is she happy with her large boobs? Yes, she is, Dr. Smith Oh, you're very naughty Yes, indeed very naughty How about Whip-Em-Out Wednesday for young boy asses? I put a wows stick on my car Driving all of a sudden A hairless boy ass in my window Oh dear Yes William, William, pull down your pants Oh dear I'm over here now Alright, let's take a quick break Rock We have just begun We're in a very good mood It's Whip-Em-Out Wednesday We got perfect weather for this today A guy's riding mom in the sky It's only going to get better from here Stay there Opie and Anthony 1027 WNEW 212757 1027 is our phone line at the Opie and Anthony show Opie, I just put a bid in for a Juliet-class Soviet submarine Like the bids are up to the millions and stuff But I got my bid in You got a bid in? We can probably collect a few bucks from all our listeners to get that We need a wow sub This sounds pretty good It's 297 feet long Okay It could go down to a depth of 775 feet Very nice With a crush depth of 1200 feet Very good And the important thing 18-type, 53-dual-purpose passive-active torpedoes Homing up to 13 miles at 55 miles per hour And four stern tubes Come in That rocks We could put a big wow on it and start torpedoing ships Why not? We could get all the scuba divers to wow us While we're down there Pearl divers Nice Thanks Rich It is Whip-Em-Out Wednesday We're very excited The season has begun Yeah I noticed a huge increase on the wow signage on the highways and byways today Thank you guys It's only going to get better Because we're still getting the whole promotion together again Right, Anthony? Yeah And of course We encourage everyone to send in their wow pictures Because a lot of people take pictures of their homemade signs And what they see on the highways to the unofficial Opium Anthony website www.foundrymusic.com Steve will take all those pics and make a collage or something on the website Okay? Right Alright Anthony, let's go to the phones Okay Let's start with Andrew today Andrew, what's going on? Hey guys I want to congratulate you on all the success Two months ago you said it would happen now And EW is now known as the Opium Anthony station That's right Congratulations on that But you've got to give a lot of credit to the radio chick The radio chick doing a fine job Yes Big news story on her Last night on Channel 11 news I saw the piece, I thought it was great I meant to tell everyone to check it out We got so busy I meant to call up too I didn't get a chance to Yeah, but it was pretty funny I had the news on I think Friends was on or something And they were doing a promo for the news And they have all the voices of the girls that are in this little competition And little news expose on So I'm in the middle of doing something I'm not going to say what it is But you know very You were screwing? No, no, no, very close And all of a sudden I hear the radio chick Kind of lingus? I'm like I had to lift my head up Oh, okay I lift my head up and go what? What did I just hear? You were diving for pearls? What? I said I'm not going to get into any details here Well, what else would you be doing if you had to lift your head up? Well, the instant feedbacks come pouring in That I was being a homo, I'm sure Anyway, okay, so yeah You heard the radio chick's name So like what? It kind of distracted me for a second You lifted your head up What was that? A lot of people think that you have a little crush on the radio chick And I got to just bring it out on the air No, we're good friends A lot of email comes in, a lot of instant feedback It was a little wacky tension when she first got here I don't know where it came from But that's all gone It's just you know friends All right She's a good friend, friend of the show And we protect her, she protects us Right And I thought the piece on her last night on Channel 11 was very good Bravo Bravo is right So thank you for that, Andrew No problem, guys All right, matter of fact Over and out, Tom and Gus Thank you We need the ONA Army to help out the radio chick Yeah Because I guess they're doing some kind of wacky poll on the WB11 website Yeah You go to WB11.com Don't spell out 11, it's just WB11.com, okay? Yeah And they're doing a poll trying to figure out who the most popular radio diva is in New York City And you know the radio chick is being really cool about it And some of the other stations involved in this contest are just stuffing the ballot box And it's just not fair So I told the radio chick that we would have our listeners like just completely help her out with the contest Yeah, well this is something I guess Like, Leslie gets a lot of press She's getting very popular and everything And this is something that these other chicks feel is like the biggest thing that's ever going to happen to them, you know what I mean? Yeah, because all they do is spin records I mean, I think the radio chick is the only one that actually tries to do a real radio show Yeah, the other one's wow and real tough to spin the latest from the Backstreet Boys 100 times a week Wow Is that light FM chick the same one that's in the commercial with Terry Gar? Oh, yeah How insulting a commercial is that? Where Terry Gar is sitting next to you You go, this is how you get more music and less talk We'll demonstrate now And this Valerie chick pushes a button and smiles and the song changes And that's the commercial If you were this chick, wouldn't you be like Could you just put a monkey next to, what's her face there? Just put a monkey next to Terry Gar to push the button Because what they're saying is I have nothing Yeah, you're pretty much showing the whole world that you do nothing I can't talk, they've taped my mouth shut Right It's embarrassing It really is If you're in this business, you don't want to admit that you're just singing records and doing rock blocks and stuff And you go to the website What? Channel 11 I'm sorry, that wasn't a date, but you know what I mean Like 40 minute music sweeps, let's say Right, music marathons There's plenty of things you could call them I guess you used the wrong term But you don't want to admit to anyone else that that's what your job is To spend 40 minute music sweeps and stuff And what other of these chicks has the balls to show their cans? Do you see the pictures of these girls? Yes Alright, Linda Lopez I got to give a, she's pretty cute looking I know Linda from the old days Yeah, she worked at B.A. Baiting She's Jennifer's sister Who's this Kiss FM chick? I don't know, but she's got that cafe latte I don't know, looks like an old Donna Summer picture or something, you know? That could be an old picture, she's probably a hag now And then the Z100 chick? I don't know Nah, there's nothing going on there That looks like that publicity shot I wouldn't say that's the first one they took No You know? No And then Valerie They used a very special lens for that picture Yeah They used the heart lens Yeah There's a lot of Vaseline on that lens And is that the chair behind her? Or her shirt? Because it looks like she's wearing It could be her shoulders Line back her shoulder pads It could be her shoulders if that's the case Let's call her up, we could use somebody like her on the Jets Glamour shot Yeah, it is like a glamour shot It does look like that And there's our own Leslie Gould Yes With her cans, her luscious cans Just pouring out of her exposed brassiere Yes It's great So we need the ONA Army today to attack the WB11.com website And vote for Leslie Gould Because it turns out these other pigs are cheating and stuffing the ballot box I'm going to do it right now, there we go, I just clicked And I just voted for her as well, Anthony Submit, let me see Let's see what the standings are like here Mm-hmm... One, one... Okay It's taking a while to load I guess what you got to do is... I guess everyone's pouring in Yeah That's alright Oh, alright, she's in the lead a little bit That's good though We want to make her way in the lead, Anthony Yeah So, the ONA Army, help us out today WB11.com, vote for Leslie Gould the radio chick Check, okay? Do it up. Because all the other stupid stations are stuff in the ballot and I guess Radio Check is too polite to get pissed about it, but we'll get pissed for her. It has gotten close. 50%. And the Z100 chick's got like 47. She had nothing. Right. She had like 10% the other day. Yeah. Well, because there's stuff in the ballot box. Yeah. All right. Letter rep, man. All right. Mary Beth from Long Beach writes on the Instant Feedback, hey guys, what exactly qualifies as a true wow? Is showing your bra a true wow? Would that piss the guys off? My boobs are big, 36D, and it's tough to whip them out of my bra. I would love to wow, but can only open the shirt and show the bra. Need to know. Well, Mary Beth, we don't want to start a precedent here, but showing your bra is good. It's better than nothing. It's better than nothing, though. Yeah, but I mean, a true wow, I'm not going to lie to you, is showing your cans. Right. It's not a true wow. But it's kind of like, here you go, here's a little tease, I guess. You're not going the distance. Yeah, you really got to try to go the distance. Yeah. But if you have no choice in the matter and this is all you can pull off real fast, then it's dangerous to say it's okay. It's not really okay, but I guess the guys would smile a little bit. But they need like the full Monty, let's say. Yes. The full boob Monty. All right? Yeah. All right. Jeez, man. We don't want to start that precedent. Let's go to Jenny. Jenny, Jenny, what's going on? Hey, what's up, LB? How are you? Nothing much. Great. Nothing much. That is the wrong answer. I am nervous right now. I've been waiting on home for like 20 minutes. Yeah, sorry about that. What's going on? I'm at Port Jeff right now, in Port Jeff Station, I think. Uh-huh. I drove out here to Suffolk, so I could hop on the LE. I like, I could go to the LB. I'm like, I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. I'm going to the LB. Okay, thank you. All right, bye. Speaking of wow, did Earl leave yet for the Ranch 1 sticker stop yet? Oh boy. Yeah, because we want him there at four. We're going to be handing out the brand new wow stickers at Ranch 1, 42nd Street and 5th Avenue. You'll see the wow van. You'll see Earl. You'll see the crowd. And you'll be able to get your wow sticker, okay? Tommy from Staten Island checking in, getting wowed by a girl in a bra is like getting a BJ with your pants on. Got to agree with Tommy. Yeah. Yeah, I guess you're right, you know. I was trying to be nice, but you didn't. No. Ladies, if you're going to commit, you've got to go the distance. All right? Let's go to Wanda real fast. Wanda, what's going on? Wanda? Hello. How are you, Wanda? I'm good. We got you live in the air. What's going down? Oh, well, I just had to say that, well, in this syndication underground, I sent tapes out to my brother in Idaho. Oh, thank you. We love the bootleg tapes. And he spreads it around all his friends. Cool. I have to give him wild stickers for him, though. Just send in a self-addressed stamped envelope. We'll send them out. Cool. All right? But yeah, they really like it out there. Oh, cool. Thanks. Well, hello to Idaho. Thank you, Wanda. Thanks. All right. Bye-bye. Idaho. Earl, what are you still doing here? Oh, boy. I was walking out the door. Are you going to be there at 4 o'clock today? Yes, I am. Why are you getting pissed? Oh, boy. Ready to leave. Do you need someone to go with you? Someone wants to come with me fine, but I'm ready to leave my house. Psycho Mark, do you want to go with him? Only if he's nice and he has a smile on his face. I am smiling. No, you're not. You're a miserable adult. I'm smiling. Look at me. Oh, he's smiling. He tried coming into the office the other night again with the Billy Club. He loves that nightstick. God. It's frightening. All right, well, why don't you guys leave? There's a lot of people waiting for you out there. I was looking at the door. All right, man. Get your wild sticker at Ranch 1, 42nd Street and 5th Avenue. They'll be there in... Four hours. Yeah. No, they're supposed to be there at 4. Keep your fingers crossed. Oh, calm down. Come on, Earl. You know something, Earl? You've got the easiest job in the world and you get pissed off every day. You have completely lost your sense of humor over the course of the time we've been here. You had the sense of humor. You're kind of a fun guy, relatively speaking. And, you know, now, I don't know, every little thing now, we've got to worry, is it going to upset Earl. And then you're going to go hiding under, like, staircases and stuff. Yeah. I don't know. Remember, we were all having fun. What happened? Didn't the fans love you yesterday, Fidelity Diamond? Weren't they cheering you on? There you go. See? You got some adulation yesterday, Earl. Ah, my fans, my public, the adulation. I am Rockworth. You might remember me from Dr. Jekyll's Hide. Ah! All right, there he is. He's smiling. There he goes. All right. Well, Earl, go have some fun. I'm ready to rock. Good head, Earl. Ready to rock. That's what we want to hear. I'm over here. And if you're going down to 42nd Street and Fifth Avenue, the Ranch 1 location, don't start the, I'm over here now. That's not yours, man. I was going to hell. Wait a minute. I'm, like, not having a sense of humor. We already have a clip of you from yesterday when you were trying to find Fidelity Diamond. Yeah. You ever hear that one, Earl? He recorded you yesterday in the band? Here he is. Oh! Oh! Help me! Help me! Help me! Somebody help me! Help me! Oh, Lordy Lord, he's desperate! Do what he says! Do what he says! See, he's laughing. Earl loves Cleavon Little. I love Cleavon Little. Ah, leave on rule. He does. Well, yeah, he's dead now. Yeah. Okay, Vinnie from Rosedale, if you wanted Earl there at four, he should have left at ten. All right. Well, we'll check in with you guys when you get there, okay? Yeah. Thank you, Earl, for helping out the wow thing. Don't take the road that'll take you to the New York or the Jersey-Connecticut border. I am not... That's a purse bag. You want me to go to mapquest.com and get him a map? I am not drawing a map. Yeah, well, print out a map for him. You want us to print you out a map? Yeah, I'm not drawing a map. Okay, so you're going to print out a map for him? Yeah, I'm going to print out a map for him. Okay, so you're going to print out a map for him? Yeah, I'm going to print out a map for him. Okay, so you're going to print out a map for him? So, what street do you have to get to? Forty-second. Forty-second. Fifth F. And where at? Where? We are at 57th and Seventh. Right. So, you would head south, thus the street numbers decline, okay? And make him head east first. Times square is a nightmare. Oh, you want to do that? Yeah. Oh, that might throw him for a loop. Can you go east first and then head south? What is driving that? It's directions. Just point that way, this way. All right, Earl. Have fun. They're waiting for you. Go in a bit. Okay, very good. Be nice, Earl, if you see him out there. He's on edge lately. All right, Anthony, as we go to break, we got a... We got to thank Jimmy. Jimmy works his ass off for the radio show. You don't really hear his voice on the air. He does all the fine production that you hear or a lot of the production you hear on our show. Yeah. And he put together a really, really funny piece yesterday. It makes me look like a raving lunatic, but... Well, I think it speaks volumes. It's very... The truth. It's very, very funny. It's called Opie and the Shut Up Promo. I guess they've been isolating a lot of my tantrums. You're tirades. And they put together a little piece that had everyone around here laughing, so... You're a nut. So let's play this as we go into break, okay? All right. All right. Our listeners are so quick and with it. Steven. Or whoever your name is. All right. V? Yeah, well, yes, you. You just spoke. Go ahead, talk. You. Yeah, V. Yeah, what's your name? Steven. What? What? You fucking asshole. Oh, my God. Son of a bitch. Opie's very upset. All I want to do is use this bitch. How stupid do you have to be to be on the phone and someone calls your name and you don't answer? All I want to do is use this bitch. Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! You fucking asshole! Shut up! You fucking asshole! Shut up! Shut up! Shut up! Did he just lose his effing mind? No! Hope he has an amphetamine. I hate people that don't care. God damn does that piss me off. I'm a freaking wimpy thing. You are. Hey Anthony, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Yeah it works, come on. Yes it does. Lose that weight, drop those pounds. You know what, the big fat ace. I might have to lose to Stacker 2, it's making me a little edgy. Yeah, I can tell from that last promo. I get a little edgy on Stacker 2. My God. No, that's not true, I'm not... I just started taking Stacker 2 again. All that audio is from the past. Before I found Valium. Anyway, Anthony, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Yeah. Whip'em Out Wednesday is here, it's a beautiful day, summer right around the corner. People trying to get their bodies in shape for the beach and stuff and hey, why not try Stacker 2? A lot of other people have and it's working for them. I'm hearing the success stories all the time. People losing 50, 60, 70 pounds on this stuff, that's crazy. Hearing good things. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner, it burns the fat off your body. It gives you a boost of energy late in the day when you're feeling a little sluggish and it crushes the cravings to what, snack in between meals, Anthony? Of course. That's where you put on a lot of pounds when you start snacking in between the meals. Yeah. All right, so it's Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. You can see them on the internet, www.stacker2.com or give them a call, 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Our listeners have proven it works. We're going to try to help them out. Help them out a little bit. A lot of the listeners really, really pissed off and hate Spaz. We're going to give you a chance to yell and scream at him. Everyone wins. We'll be hanging outside the station tomorrow, 5727. Spaz will be in his Boy Scout uniform. He will have a sign that says, yell at me for five bucks. You hand over the five bucks to Rick. Can't touch him. And you can say whatever the hell you want. It should be some funny, funny stuff tomorrow. Yeah. I don't know if Spaz can handle it. We'll see if he goes postal tomorrow. There are a lot of bets going around the office when Spaz will go postal. My brothers are convinced of it. They are convinced he will go postal eventually. Lewis Black tomorrow, like we said, and we need girls to come down to get hot waxed. If you don't know what that's about, you get semi-naked and at night drip hot wax all over your body. You moan and scream and everyone has a good time. Yeah. It doesn't hurt much. Because Lewis Black always gets gypped when he comes in here. He wants to see some of the fun stuff. We once showed him a midget or something, but he wants the good stuff. We had a couple of chicks in here, I think, once when he was here. Lesbian for a day? Was he part of one of those? Yeah. All right. He was mesmerized. Okay. Well, Anthony, I got a great email. All right. I was going through the email for the show, before the show. I got to say once again, too, you guys, thank you for all the email. We read all your email. Yeah. That's the God's honest truth. Every single one, even the ones that hate us and all that. But we just can't answer everyone back. I'm sending off my email. No one cares. No one's reading this. It's not true. We've read all the ones that say, you guys don't read these, do you? Right. Yeah. Then I do answer some of them back, and they're like, oh, who's signing Opie's name? No, it's me. But we get some great ideas from you guys. That's why we do read all the email. We get some great clips from you guys. Yeah. I think we got the stupid, you're so stupid, from one of our listeners. They sent that in. So, thank you for all the email. Don't be bummed if we don't write you back. We are reading everything. I must have blown before email. Like if you did a radio show and people wanted to write you, you would have to sit there and open all the envelopes, read them, and then if you want to answer somebody back, kind of take it for granted now. It's instinct, you know? Yeah. Someone asks you a question. You just type it in, send, and within minutes, they could have the answer that they wanted. Isn't that amazing? They used to be- Have you really think about it? Someone would have a question. They'd have to sit down, write your letter, mail it. When you finally got to it, you would open it up, read it, but then when you finally got to the point where you could write them back, you'd write it back, and then have to mail it back, it could take like weeks or months before you get your answer. Pain in the ass. Yeah. Anyway, we got a great one from Mike P. Hey Toxic Twins. Oh boy. People started calling us that again. That was our nickname up in Boston. We did it. Your loyal legions of fans heeded your call yesterday and took arms against the Indian Link message board. We talked about that yesterday. I don't think we have to get into it again, but IndianLink.com, I believe it was, was the enemy of the show yesterday, Anthony. Yep. Okay. Well, Mike P. continues. I must say the news from the front is good. The battle was a complete success. As of this morning, if one goes to the Indian Link forum, it says that it is temporarily down for maintenance. Now our fearless leaders, I ask you this, should we continue? Once the board is back up, are we to continue our bombardment of the enemy or should we just sit back and watch as they complain about us in very broken English? I don't know why it was so much fun. It's almost disturbing how enjoyable it was to take the enemy down. Yeah. Your loyal servant, Mike P. That was a knack. That was nothing. That was just a little flare up battle. It took care of that situation in less than 24 hours. They weren't expecting it. They weren't expecting the bombardment. No. When we declare an enemy of the show, the listeners react, go into combat mode, and within 24 hours the forum completely shut down. It's funny too because you see what kind of sense of humor our listeners have. I was pissed off when they closed it because I wanted to read some of them. I get online at night at home and I was punching up this message board laughing out loud at some of the stuff the listeners were coming up with. Yeah, you guys come up with great stuff. That's the type of stuff we're reading on a daily basis through this instant feedback. But when it gets on a public message board, you guys get to see what we get to read every day. You guys are ruthless. It was great. I guess that battle's over, Anthony. I think we made our point. Yeah, there you go. I believe we've destroyed the enemy in this case. IndianLink.com is no longer a threat to the Opie and Anthony show and their fans. We'll stand down a bit. We're on standby mode. Standby mode. One thing kicks back up if they rear their ugly head again. We'll squash them like a bug. We'll squash them again. I don't want to see any posts on that message board about how we don't like Pakistan. F Pakistan. Right. So we need a couple of troops to just kind of look over the situation, make sure everything's okay there. Just monitor it, yeah. Little monitoring situation. Yes, sir. What we're encouraging the Army to do today is to go to WB11.com. The radio chick is in a little battle of her own there and we said we'd help her out. They're doing some kind of radio diva poll and we found out that there's a few other stations cheating and the balloting. They're stuffing the ballot box. So I told Leslie that we would set the Army on the WB11.com website. All we're asking you to do there is just to vote for the radio chick. Do you think they're abusing the term diva? Do you really think like everyone is? WWF used it in their magazine. WWF divas. It should have been WWF diesels considering the fact that some of those girls that look like men, that whole diva concept with BH1 is done. Now everything's a diva. If it's got cans, it's a diva. They're radio chicks, you know. They're ladies of the radio. They're radio sluts. Oh my God. Our own Leslie is in there. Oh, I'm sorry. She's the best looking one out of the bunch. Isn't that what it's all about? Yes. Look at it. Look at the pictures. Leslie's got her cans hanging out. Why wouldn't you vote for that? My God. So wb11.com, vote for the radio chick. That's all we're asking you guys to do today, okay? Right. All right. Let's go to Joey. Hey, Joey, what's going on? Hey, what's happening, guys? Hey. How are you? Hey, dude. Dude, you can't curse. Start over. Listen to this. 287, if anybody's on there going north, there's hot chicks in a white Lincoln. Hello? Yeah, we're listening. I got wowed and I got bananac juice all over the place. The yambig's going crazy. It's insane. All right. So you got wowed today on 287? Oh, my God. Look for these two girls in the car. So you got a homemade wow sign on your card? Yeah. Oh, very good. Well, thank you for helping us out, Joey. All right, boys. All right, man. There he goes. Joey, he got wowed. Doesn't sound too excited about it. No, I think he wanted more to get on the air and use some of Dice's words. Yeah. Yeah. More than just reporting a wow. All right, Anthony, and if you want to get your wow sticker today, it's Black Girl, once again, hitting the highway with Psycho Mark. They're going to be at the Ranch One location on 42nd Street and Fifth Avenue. Just look for the wow van, Earl, Psycho Mark, and hopefully a crowd out there. You can pick up your wow sticker. OK? All right, and we got to take a quick break. All right. And we'll be back. We'll be back. Show your mallets to God. He's going to bang below the dashboard. Below the dashboard. We'll lift those babies up high. Lift those babies up high. Say come on, baby, now. Say come on, baby. Let's flap them around. Flap them around. Come on, come on, come on, come on, lay them now. Come on, lay them. Who says wow is a flower? The wow is a bough. You've got to lose that shirt. Lose that shirt. And let the fun back bounce. Fun back bounce. Here goes Mark from Osaka. From Osaka. Just let those jumps come out. Let those jumps come out. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. We're looking for a few good enemas. What the hell are you talking about? Opie and Anthony Show. Crap, whiz and vomit. 1027 WNEW. Hey Anthony, Diamond Vision and Dr. Philotoff. Yeah. Gave Opie his eyesight. Yeah, thank you, Dr. Philotoff. I haven't thanked you enough lately. Opie was able to throw his glasses away? Uh-huh. And the biggest part, I think, from what I saw was your fear and apprehension before the procedure. Well, I did a lot of research. I did the research for our listeners. Simple as that. I know a lot of people are looking into doing this. I researched this thing for over a year because I was really scared. Because if you read about the procedure, it's a little scary. I'm not going to lie to you. But I finally picked Dr. Philotoff. I felt like he was the best man for the job. And to tell you the truth, it was a piece of cake. It was a piece of cake. He sat down with you, talked to you, and you were fine with it. Yeah. And then 20 minutes in his office, you walk out of there fine and dandy. Well, 24 hours later, I was seeing 2015. 2015, still see 2015. Every day, still amazed. Ready to check out some cans on the highway. Yeah. Before I'd have to fumble with my glasses and stuff so I wouldn't miss a wowing or something. Now I'm ready to go. All I have to do is turn my head. I've got the peripheral vision and everything, Anthony. You're set. I'm set, yes. Cool. It's Dr. Philotoff and Diamond Vision. There's a couple things going on. He's running another little contest, if you will. Giving away eyesight. Giving away eyesight to one of our listeners. All you have to do is call 1-800-984-2020. That's 1-800-984-2020. And you'll be in the drawing for a free procedure, Anthony, courtesy of Dr. Philotoff. Nice. 1-800-984-2020. If you registered for a past contest or free procedure, your name will be in the drawing for this one as well. Okay. Also, Diamond Vision has made it affordable. They're running a spring special, Anthony. For just $2,500, you'll get both eyes done. Both? Yes. Usually the procedure is $2,500 per eye. So they've cut the cost down in half for you if you call Diamond Vision and ask for the spring special. $2,500, okay? It's Diamond Vision. Give them a call. 1-800-984-2020. That's 1-800-984-2020. OP and Anthony. Well, you guys are both stupid. You're like a black eye for all mankind. I don't think they're very nice people. The only way I could actually think they were funny was to be gone heroin. OP and Anthony. You know, I just like want to throw up. Feel the love. 1027-WNEW. It's the O&H show. It's Whip-Em-Out Wednesday. The wow season has begun. Very excited about it. The phone's just going nuts. People are getting wowed. We're liking that. Some guy got wowed in Baltimore. Let's go to Rob. Hey, Rob, what's up? Hey, what's up? OP here. Yeah, I got wowed and I was on my way down to D.C. And I just put the sticker in my window this past weekend and I was like, I was driving through Jersey looking all over hoping something was going to happen, nothing. I get down to Baltimore. I completely forgot I had it in there. Sure enough, I'm like driving and I see these two girls next to me. I'm like, they're waving at me. What the, you know, what's going on here? Next thing you know, I like, boom, came down, back up again. They took off. I was like, oh, there you go. OP and Anthony. Very cool, Rob. You guys rule. All right, thanks, Rob. See you. Bye. It's working. Another happy customer. Hey, why don't you explain to the people, though? I mean, you just don't put the wow sticker on your car and expect something to happen within five minutes. No, no. You know, you got to be patient with it. It's like fishing or anything else, you know. You put it on there, you forget about it. Before you know it, you're driving home, you're in traffic, you're miserable. You look out your window and you see a luscious pair of cans in your face. You go, why, why is that girl flush? All these thoughts go through your head. And then all of a sudden, he's like, oh, oh, my God, I just got wowed. And you're freaking. And then you go, thank you, Opie and Anthony. You're loving it. Yes. Bringing your boobs on your commute home. Andrew from Long Island. This morning on Family Feud, one of the questions was name one unattractive part of the male body. I can't think of one. A lady says the butt. So Louie Anderson screams out, show me the butt. Show me the butt. The unattractive part of the male body. And the lady said butt. Butt, yeah. And Louie Anderson screams out because he screams out, show me the butt. I would love a clip of him saying that. Yes, anyone has that, please send it in. He had a dumb smile on his face when he said this, too. It was real funny considering how you've been going nuts on him. Of course. Hey, Louie Anderson, Family Feud. Show me the butt. Unattractive part of the male body. I can't really think of one. I like them all. I like everything from the feet, the head and neck, and the butt. Oh yeah, penis. Show me the penis. Unattractive part of a woman's body, let's see. Gee, the whole package. I don't like it, that thing. Women, they smell bad. I don't like those boobs, unless they're big man boobs. Show me man boobs. I got them. Show me buttocks. Louie, I don't know how he could go on TV now that that whole thing's out. That some guy got arrested trying to pay him off to keep him quiet. The other guy was blackmailing Louie Anderson. Blackmail, oh, gives me shivers when you say blackmail. Yeah, I'm turning the tragedy into comedy. I always get that backwards because my comedy is a tragedy. Show me butt. Hey Bill, what's going on? Hey, what's going on guys? Hey Bill. First I want to thank you. I'm home, I just got the laser surgery. You're home-o? No, home, home recovering. I was going to get your number. I got laser surgery and for five hours every afternoon I know I got something to do. Oh cool. Anyway, I was sitting home. I had the TV, I was flipping around. Here's Louie Anderson. It was nose hair, ear hair, but the worst was for a third strike they go and they go to steal. It's like what's the most ugly part? And the guy says, all right, man's private parts. So Louie Anderson has a look on his face like, oh God, I got to say this. He turns to the big board. He's like, show me privates. Privates. Show me big men private parts. Show me. Put it in my face. Are they ugly? I've never seen mine. My belly gets in the way, my big fat Louie Anderson belly. To top it off, it's as if it couldn't get any better in the next version because they have a 1230 show and obviously I have not much to do with myself. He's going to the guy and he says, so what do you do for a living? And this guy tells him, well, I'm a paramedic. And so he says, well, if I pass out, make sure you revive me. The guy says, I'll be right on top of you giving your mouth to mouth. And again, Louie was like, oh, wouldn't that be lovely? Show me a junk. That's great. Show me yam bags. Anyway, guys, I want to let you know what happened. And I got my request in for my wow sticker. I'm going on vacation next week and I figure entering the plane, I might just slap it right on the side. All right. Thank you, Bill. Take care, guys. Bye. Show me yam bags. Show me anal sex. I can't wait till Alan comes out. I'm over queer now. So it looks like Louie Anderson is going to be a good guy. I saw Louie Anderson having fun on the family feud this morning. Yeah. If anyone has a tape of that, we would love to see it. Boy, who's the poor, like, gay guy that has to take, take you Louie's money? Because you know damn well he's just got to be going that route. You know? Well, I'm just basing my opinion on what I've seen and read. Yeah. I can't be sure about anything on this program, Opie. But if you ask me, I think he would have a hard time getting a young, attractive homo to do anything to him. You know? So regardless of how he gets it, imagine that poor guy having to service a Louie Anderson. That's it. Oh, that feels so good. Louie puts his belly on top of the guy's head. Just didn't moan it. Oh, yeah. That's great. Keep going. Keep going. Show me butt! Yeah, you want to roll over? I'm just going to take this friggin' 500 pounds of fish belly white flesh and just prop it up on your back. You're going to feel it rolling on you like so much dough coming out of a hopper pouring on your back. And you might feel a little pressure. Don't worry about that. It's just my junk. My Louie junk. Would you take a look at it and tell me what it looks like? Draw like a police composite sketch of it. I haven't seen it in years. Don't take a picture of it, Louie. Yeah, snap a photo of my junk. I don't even know what it looks like. Yeah, oh, that was great. Look what I did to you again. You're a whore. I love hairy man ass. I'm going to puke in a minute. I like when my junk almost needs a machete to get through it. You know, like a jungle picture or something. Yeah, thank you, Louie, for that visual. Just hacking away in a virtual jungle before I reach the cave of pleasure. Show me cave of pleasure! Oh, brother. Cool. Right on. Get that grudge! All right, Anthony, we haven't heard from Earl and Psycho Mark, so obviously... They couldn't get lost. They're lost. They're supposed to be at the Ranch 1 on 42nd Street and 5th Avenue at 4 o'clock. It is now 4 minutes to 4 and no sign of the boys. Hey, is Earl gay? Why are you going to try that at? All right, so you can stop there for the wow sticker. Yeah. And supposedly, there's a guy that's going to write Mom in the Sky today. You should be able to see it over Central Park a little later this afternoon. Now, Mom? Well, wink, wink, nudge, nudge. Yes, Anthony, Mom. That's what he told the FAA. Shut up. Well, it is Mom if you look at it from one direction. It's wow if you look from the other. That's true. If this guy pulls it off, he'll be my new hero. We've got an Air Force. We have an Air Force. We're cruising around with a camera. Yeah, it's not going to happen for about a, what, he's sitting around an hour. We have about another hour to wait for that to see if he can pull it off. I like writing a big W on one ass cheek and a W on the other ass cheek. And then when I bend over, I got my own wow. Or when I do a headstand, it's Mom. Yeah, that's a big wow. That's a good one. It's more like yuck. Yuck. But that oh is getting bigger by the minute. I tell you. Psycho. When I take a dump, it sounds like. Psycho Mark, what's going on? Hey, guess where I am. You made it to Ranch 1? I'm in front of Ranch 1. Right in the corner, 5th Avenue, 42nd Street. Hey, look at that, it's 4 o'clock. It's 4 o'clock, you guys made it. Congratulations. Yep. I'm going to put on the wow stickers, come on down. You can't miss us right in the corner, 42nd and 5th Avenue. Alright, very good. Are people stopping by yet or no? Oh, there was a bunch of people already waiting for us. So, it was great. People walked by right now, they all grabbed the stickers. Well, that's the hot spot today. So, if there's any ladies in the cars driving by that location, please wow Psycho Mark and Erlen everyone. Definitely. That's waiting there? Take a bite? There he goes, Psycho Mark, he made it to the wow sticker stop today, Ranch 1, 42nd and 5th Avenue. Where are we going? We're going to Steve real fast. Steve, what's up? What's going on guys? I'm in the tunnel, it's kind of wowed. You did? In the tunnel? Yeah. Well, congratulations. Black Toyota Celica, anybody wants to see it over there? Alright man, well thank you Steve. No problem. Hey guys, how you doing? What did I steal from George Carlin? No, not you, Anthony. The wow thing over there, it's in his book, Brain Droppings over there. Yeah, you stole that joke from him, the two W's on the ass cheeks. Pimpin Anthony, pimpin! Love the show guys. First of all, Ant doesn't read. Second of all, I don't read. And second of all, oh my God, that's like the oldest joke in the book. The two W's on them. I know, I've heard that for years. Please, come at me. That was some really hot chick out there. Who was that? Where's that? Hang on, a blitzy? What's going on there? Oh man, damn, you see that blind me? DC checking in, Opie. Washington DC. Washington DC checking in, yeah? Loving the show. Syndication on the ground, it's happening. Syndication on the ground, it's happening. It's happening all over the place. Like to welcome all the cities across the United States to the Opie and Anthony Network underground? Yes, we have a few in Cali, a few in Boston, a few in Washington. Idaho, Arizona. And international, England and Canada. Syndication on the ground. It's the only way to do it. Do whatever it takes, boys and girls, okay? Let's regroup, all right? A lot of people with stories about getting wowed, but they're kind of boring. Yeah, we can't just take calls like, hey, I was driving to go out, okay. We want to talk people through it as it's happening. We want to hear from those people. If there's any ladies that see a wow in a car, they're a little nervous, give us a call, we'll talk you through it. That type of stuff will be fun. But if we go to the phones and you're like, hey man, just got wowed in the LIA, it's going to get boring real fast. All right? Okay, no. All right, let's give away some wrestling tickets, Anthony. Rasslin'. Raw is war coming back to town. Raw is war. Monday night at the Coliseum, Raw is war, we'll be there. Vince McMahon and his family, I'll have Stephanie in a thong bikini match. I'm waiting for that. We're looking for some great signage at the Coliseum this coming Monday. Yeah, please. We'll be giving away some WWEF tickets. If you're the 10th caller, you'll be checking out Raw is War Monday night at the Coliseum. 212-757-1027. What were you going to say? My favorite sign so far at one of the wrestling matches. Hot anal. Just popping up every two seconds. Hot anal. Hot anal. Hot anal. Show me hot anal! Yeah! Hot anal! Hot anal. Right in the anal. Jesus. All right, tickets courtesy of RC Edge Maximum Power Cola, fueling the WWEF. We'll be back. Hey, New York, this is Vince McMahon of the WWEF and you're listening to the greatest tag team in radio, Opie and Anthony on 1027 WNEW. Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, The Wammer, weniger tout. We're 155 by 21 her, 570 WNEW. Cue 1, 2, 7, 5, 7, 1027 is our phone line at the Opie and Anthony show. Hey! Oh Wednesday. We're going to get a game of Robbing together. If you want to do Robbing today, yesterday you know so fun about it. True, the being a part girl's talking about their boobs. That would be very nice. Fun, fun thing to do. We're getting the cards together for something who's in charge of the Robbing. You can play along at home. We'll tell everybody how to play along at home. You make a bingo card, and what is that, five across, five down, a grid. Is it five, five, and five? B-I-N-G-O, yes. B-I-N-G-O, yes. And bingo was his name off. Yes. Five across, five down, a square grid. You fill it in with random various brassiere sizes. Correct. Don't cheat. We put about a hundred of brassiere sizes in a hat, and we pick it out and we fill out the cards that way. So you don't put all the easy sizes, the popular sizes, in a row because then you're going to win right away. Right. And then we take calls from girls that will call the program, giving their brassiere, and you check it off like a bingo card, and the first one to get a bingo wins. Wins. And the lady that gives us the winning brassiere will win some valuable prizes from the Opie and Anthony show. Yes. And then we'll go to the ladies to call us. We'll play broad bingo in about 15 minutes. We'll give people a chance to get their cards together so they can play at home. Yeah. Actually, it's going to take spads about 15 minutes to figure out where the broad bingo cards are. Yeah. The middle square is free boob. Yeah, we call it the free boob square. Yes. You get that one for nothing. Yes. And Anthony, I'm getting a lot of in-sum feedback here. People want to know if... Oh, you made one out, bro. Oh, really? Well, here, give me a blank one. Yeah, we need blank ones. Yeah. There we go. This one ain't going to work. All right. All right, we got our bingo cards. One, two, three, four, five. There we go. We just got to fill them in. Good. Broad bingo. A lot of people are instant feedbacking us and asking if the spads thing is happening tomorrow. Yes, it is, Anthony. Yes, it is. He's going to be in a Boy Scout uniform, his own Boy Scout uniform, from when he reached Eagle Scout rank. Right. Very proud moment, I guess, for the spaz family when that happened. We're going to put him out on the street. You're going to insult him. For how much? Five bucks a shot. Five bucks. You could yell at him. You just can't touch him. Right. But you could just berate him. Yeah. Yell at him. He's going to hold a sign, abuse me for five bucks. Yeah. And we're going to help get his $47,000 deck down by doing this. And a lot of people will feel good because they hear Spaz's week in review and all the stuff he says on the show. And you get so pissed off and infuriated that you're punching your steering wheel and stuff. Yeah. You know. We'll allow you to vent live tomorrow on our show outside the building, 57th and 7th. When are we going to start that, Rick? Probably early in the show? Yeah, around four o'clock. Around four o'clock. Looking forward to my brother Joe and Kal-Bill Bill coming in with a brand new song, a brand new Spaz Idiot song done to the theme of Shaft. Right. So that ought to be, yeah. I know. I'm looking forward to that one. Oh, you're a big fan of film flubs, right? Yes, I am, Anthony. I was the one who turned you on to film flubs. I know. And you ruin movies now for me. Yeah. I cannot sit and just watch a movie without picking out these film flubs. And not even movies like TV shows. Last night on Frasier, Frasier's wearing this wacky hat, this long pointed hat. And every time they would switch scenes, he'd have the hat, the point of the hat over his front, the front of his shoulder. And then all of a sudden it was behind him. For no apparent reason. Every time they switched scenes back and forth, this thing would move. You can catch this stuff all the time. It makes watching movies a lot of fun. There's books out there. There's websites dedicated to film flubs. Basically, you know, stuff that doesn't match up in the movie. I mean, some good examples like if there's a scene where they're talking in the rain or whatever. If you look at their hair, it just drastically changes shot to shot and stuff. Like wet bangs over to the right and then all of a sudden they're straight down. Right. And then they're holding a glass when they're eating a restaurant. All of a sudden you see they got a full glass of water in front of them. They switch to the person they're talking to for like a split second and then back to the person again that you're watching and the glass is empty. Or it was empty and then it's full again. Correct. So last night, it kind of takes you out of the movie though. It kind of sucks because all of a sudden you're like, ah, totally pulled me out of the movie. I was watching Christopher Walken movie, Vendetta. This thing went straight to video. Not very good. It's about Italians coming over to this country and how they were treated really poorly. It's kind of funny. And one part in this movie, they're sitting at this desk. It's supposed to be about 1890, maybe early 1900s and they're drinking Jack Daniels. So they pour the Jack Daniels into a glass and then put the bottle back on the table. For a split second, you see the UPC code on the bottle of Jack Daniels. Oh boy, they've been doing that for a while. When they bought that at the general store, they scan it through the little beep beep. Well, that's being picky with your film flaws. Well, that's pretty good. I mean, come on. It takes you right out of the picture. I mean, I've been to some of these websites. They study the cars on the streets during scenes. If it's like a period piece, let's say the movie was supposed to take place in 1972. There are people out there that will watch these scenes and go, whoa, that car wasn't around in 1972. How about in Twister? That had to be the worst one because Opie and I sat there watching Twister with the remote in one hand going, okay, freeze it. I got this one. We had a contest. We would have contests for a lot of money and stuff. You, me and our buddy Jay. Jay, who could pick out the most film flubs? That one had a great one. They're driving down the one lane dirt road, but when you looked at them from the front You see it was a two lane paved road and cars were passing them by in the scene. It was ridiculous. Twister had a ton of them that were just... That didn't make sense with really bad ones, but that was one I saw last night. I thought it was pretty funny. 1900 and they're scanning booze bottles down at the general store. Hey, Dan, what's going on? What's up, ONA? How are you? Looking forward to wow season. Yes. Well, it's upon us. We've got a guy that may be riding wow in the sky today. We'll have to wait and see. I just got my stickers today in the mail. Oh, cool. Psych. Actually, the first one's like about two weeks. Oh, man. Anyway, so I sent in another one and I got it the next day. Cool. So anyway, I got a film flub from American Pie. Oh, really? Okay. Yeah. I was watching it on the DVD the other day and it's a scene when there's a girl drinking out of a cup. I think it's the same cup where the guy does the thing in the beer. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And the cup is blue in one scene and they cut away and it's clear. And I'm sitting there watching it with my girlfriend and I'm like, I can't believe that they didn't catch that. Yeah. Well, you can find film flubs in every single movie ever made. But it wrecks it because you're not paying attention to the movie. You're just kind of waiting for a film flub. Well, it's cool. It makes a bad movie good, though. That's true. Because then you just sit there and look for continuity errors. It gives you something to do. What was the movie with Glenn Close where she played a lawyer in the courtroom? Oh. I forgot the name of it. If someone has it, they can pop it on the instant feedback or something. But in that movie, in the same scene, they screwed up so bad, the color of her suit changes colors. It goes from, I don't know, she's wearing a blue suit. You know, they cut away to the judge and they go back to her and now it's a brown suit. They really screwed up in that movie. I forgot the name of it, though, where she was the lawyer. Thank you, Dan. There was one in U-571. Which I hear is a great movie. Yeah, I saw it. Really cool. It's a great movie, huh? Very good. Jamie. Huge film flaw in U-571. I don't know if it's a flaw, but if you look in the first part, they got brand new canvases on the trucks. The guys are wearing brand new dungarees. I mean, I was in the Marine Corps and everything is dirty and has oil stains on it and it really took a lot away from the movie for me as far as the realism goes. That's kind of a rough one, though. Yeah. New stuff day on the base. There he goes. All right, let's go to John. John, what's going on? How are you doing, guys? I'm just going in with my favorite film flaw. Yeah. In the movie The Wedding Singer, there's this scene where Adam Sandler's psycho girlfriend is wearing a Van Halen t-shirt and he says, take it off before you change the band and they break up. In the opening part of the movie, it says that it's like the late summer or early fall of 1950s, and they're going to be in the movie. And John says, well, I'm going to be in the movie. And John says, well, I'm going to be in the movie. And John says, well, I'm going to be in the movie. And John says, well, I'm going to be in the movie. year science library and really want to teach teachers how to manipulate what's going on with their brain together. on these websites up and thank you i think it's my favorite and i thought i had a little company show that i'd well thank you john indication of the grand element and it's happening all over the place uh... michael's going on and i think mister twisted it right in the other red dot pickup in one scene you see the mileage and then later on you see it in the mileage is less yeah we simply do you know yet and uh... that we were quite close to get it out thank you jackie that's yes i mean there's a couple are linked arlington road tim robert's gets in a car in the steering wheels on the right side gets out and still has on the left side and good fellows this is a tricky one the airport scene the uh... time is nineteen sixty three and they have a seven forty seven landed at the airport and they didn't fly until sixty nine but that's kind of cool uh... let's say uh... old dot dot the classics have some interesting film flubs in bed her chariot scene some car drives across the shooting the test come on they think i read these film for a book and like you know some of your pieces from uh... you know the better for her here in the market spark is all that some of the some of the style like soldiers they've been the extras they have like watches on the other where wristwatches or like you look up in the sky and you can tell that a plane you know flew by a little contrail from an airplane or something and uh... a lot of the westerns and stuff you can see like tire tracks yeah for the crew had to get out there with the equipment stuff that's getting really picky but there are people out there i mean they study every film that comes out and and they're proud of themselves when they find a really interesting one and they put it on these uh... these websites so into a passion leaning on a sixty five impala and it was supposed to be nineteen sixty three say that that's getting real take a look at your car see that day-to-day uh... nick what's going on what's up the other thing uh... like a lot of course i think that uh... uh... you're breaking up you're breaking up nick tried on our own away you're back now okay i i i film club and fight club and you know cigarette burns with a change the real and i will be better yeah i talk about them and that now every single movie i have a watch i see him and that's israel it's not a movie they'll be right away what is that again when that's when the projection is tested change project and it's a great to talk in the top right right corner of the screen is feeling a little tiny cigarette burn little circle kind of thing and i'll go to change the real every movie i go to like to use thing and it takes a rather moving on it kills me for a call i had a drink of a beer and i think that thanks my let's go to brian brian you're next on any w what happened so how are you i got a good one from the godfather in the first godfather movie when don vetoed on his grave at the cemetery it says he was born in april after the second movie they switched to december when our pro harbour got bombed remember that scene at the end of the movie while and that's being very absurd and very good medication on the pan uh... at the star wars one uh... when i look lands at the end and runs to a princess leah she also looking he'll start carrying character and says that the same uh... and they kept in the movie yeah i don't know okay i'm i could stop they think what you might it was up to a couple of pictures of the people who are concerned with jackson never when they're uh... point of our enemies and the time of that day and all that stuff yeah he's gone well mister nine millimeter here says that whatever was from the school forty five atoms anybody who's a member of the government out of the local uh... very good like thank you already have about this one uh... boy can we even say this one it's a film club it's in a movie that's out there uh... in private parts uh... howard goes to fill up his gas tank in the nozzle has an environmental seal to avoid spillage of the fumes and uh... they didn't have those at the time he was supposed to be trying to stop there you go not the only inaccuracy uh... uh... uh... barry what's going on and i think they do it uh... to be filmed once we're wanting to have clear and present danger of the because you know i don't think it was the capital building and one of the main reporters is holding up a mini paper quarter without a cassette inside of it and then there was another one in uh... and that man where they're destroying the uh... uh... art gallery and they're putting fingerprints all over one of the paintings and then the next thing they go back to the pain and totally fine again about anything well not that i was reading it's a feedback nominate we just aren't paying attention to your phone calls that but it got out there why thank you very much thank you very also just let you know i want to give a shout because my karma film a blaze on l i e i just grew up like three well because for once one today uh... call so i'm keeping an eye out hopefully i'll see a couple of fund-raising my face today and good luck to you man thank you very much have a good one you too much indication forget about it i get out that thank you man uh... and i i got one of the websites as trying to that's what i was uh... distracted i was uh... bringing in some feedback from jeff open at the best site for this uh... this film flood thing is w w w dot nix pickers dot com nits and there's doctors dot com if you want to read about other film clubs but it makes up watching some of these kind of uh... average movies fun you know yeah uh... i guess we can move on yeah means we want to get a set of robbing on x-ray and then are the cards almost ready right the broad bingo cards are done who's playing today i'm playing and playing and playing uh... keep the copy one apply how many cars we are we have four and uh... anthony from vital transportation sure from the ball get a man here all right ladies we need you to call with your bra sizes please we got one lady on hold on missy everyone else should uh... should hang up so the latest to get through on the phone lines are we going to ever address the uh... correcting yet we can address that today yeah we will is wondering for ever going to dress uh... the wrecking today but richie had no well there's some awkward silence and i don't know what will it will address in some way or another here uh... paul the pilot what's going on and over here now you're over here now i'm getting ready to go back is this really gonna happen are you just on our life are you look outside a quarter after five and you tell me and where will we see this mom in the sky i'm probably going to try and pull it off twice probably once up towards the south side and once towards the george washington bridge so pretty much around the central park though you'll be able to see it if you look up on your you'll be able to see all over new york and you should be able to see it on the uh... each side of jersey uh... i'll believe it when i say it paul okay guy but if you pull this off your your my new hero where are you now the airport down at the suffix airport alright well get it get in the air before it's too late right i had i'll see you guys about forty five i meant that there he goes all is heading into uh... heading up into the sky to write mom and city all over the air hopefully we need to my witnesses out there if you see it please give us a call i i will lose my answer but if it if this happens today i want to totally believe them okay at uh... ladies call up in your bra sizes were just my rate play bra bingo we gotta take a break and to getting a lot of uh... call today for steven lynch songs yeah things like other radio stations are playing the steven lynch songs that were recorded on our show that's pretty much a no no recorded here live recorded here live in our show as i don't think they really exist anywhere else on the songs now they really don't care if you that are on his uh... cd but not not a few of these that you've been hearing out and about their other radio stations so there's there's going to be a problem you can't really play opi and anthony stuff on your radio show if it was recorded on our show yeah somebody will be getting a phone call mhm and a punch in the face when i got out on the sidewalk i have not forgotten uh... that's funny come on and real time i'm not angry i'm finally sticking up for myself i've had it my life people have stepped all over him i've had it is a lunatic now i want to take your hand i'd say you heard the promo right now i heard in the car you're on your mind and where is that before we play the steven lynch song now i'm not going to play that again now you're going to play the promo yeah this is uh... jimmy who works really hard behind the scenes for the radio show he put this little piece together and i must say i sound like a a rating lunatic any the listeners are so quick and with it or whoever your name is uh... yeah well we have to you just spoke ahead talk you yet the yes david you it's all hope he's very upset or what house house you don't think you have to be to be on the phone and someone calls your name and you don't answer or what about growing he on language several that's that's open and that's no lying don't ever estimate underestimate the psycho factor well i i hear somebody was playing a steven lynch uh... just a little while ago no real song recorded here and uh... pager from elizabeth new jersey says and you can actually hear you guys laughing in the back and look we're syndicated across the street uh... one has pretty pathetic when you gotta play our material to try to get an audience true you can't you can't be there so i well if i play their stuff then open at the people will uh... listen to me right uh... they're over here now anthony here's a steven lynch recorded on our on our lovely radio show that everyone uh... seems to like these days thank you thank you very much it's a simple little diddy called uh... what if the guy from the smashing pumpkins lost his car keys whether uh... my cc they were right here they can't go did i need to be in the kitchen and underneath the kitchen and here i'm all for violence sometimes and you guys are about to go dot i want to punch you in the face that'll leave a bruise one of the seven double you any double you and the iraq away bedding i love my rockaway bedding bed what a night sleep i get that's why i went to rockaway bedding for one of their uh... brand-name mattresses i got the huge stent and foster you can tell over hundred thirty stores throughout the area and uh... at prices up to sixty five percent below department so regular prices all kinds of mattresses there stop one of the stars are their friendly cell cell will assist you you try out all the beds you lay there you do whatever you want i fell asleep for like three hours and ruled all over mattress and said this is the one i want and they deliver it to you give you a free steel bed frame with every purchase free delivery so you have to cart uh... mattress home from the department store on on top of your car i saw someone doing that the other day was driving down the west side highway so as little car with mattresses piled on top of it and and wrote all around it not like rockaway bedding you idiot this call rockaway bedding they make it really easy for a lot of our sponsors just make it really easy for you life can be so much easier than tying mattresses to your roof anymore it's not the older days rockaway bedding guarantees you better nicely to be a new mattress and that's why you got it isn't it that's why i did you can shop on rockaway bedding xerias stores or give them a call one eight hundred try a bed one eight hundred try a bed rockaway bedding the best and friendliest place to get your brand name mattress with the best prices and free service give them a call right now one eight hundred try a bed rockaway bedding the official provider mattresses for anthony uh... jay more and niki from we deliver keggers we deliver keggers there's a right at the very good right we've had the ladies are standing by to play broad bingo we'll have my card will do that next all the other than for the firstly so you guys really funny stuff but you guys take it too far the point where i literally get nauseous and sick with your radio show my role so that i really really really yes it's with the mal wednesday with your pals opiate anthony here i hope you guys have the while on the car for the ride home the last season has begun and uh... we're here from lots and lots of people it is happening as we speak thanks all the ladies that are participating in well today it's only going to get bigger as you get the brain well stickers out there and what people realize that uh... this actually works right after that absolutely all right now we got a lot of ladies standing by to play broad bingo a great little game we've invented anthony yeah one of the many uh... game we've invented it's just like bingo only fun uh... what's up right uh... someone heard about the problem going to keep running down here she wanted to be the first or really get what's your little here wants to be the first rock-tide on the thing all right well let me explain the game first issue outside are you messing with us you know how we feel about his birthday on thursday tonight missus birthday together that only that hot blonde from twenty miles coming in here to get naked love me i i'm i'm pulling out my job uh... you can see her job johnson city iowa i'm gonna mess with the yam big johnson city she's from uh... no i'm just saying you can report on your johnson i was gonna say that would be a bit of a coincidence johnson city and that he wants to explain our problem now uh... well you can play along at home you make a bingo card you know they're five across five up and down uh... a little square grid everyone's seen bingo cards before and you fill in all the spaces with various random bra sizes don't put all the common sizes in a row you pick them out of a hat and put him in randomly the middle square is the free boobs dot when your cards completely then go to the phones we take calls from ladies who give us their bra size and uh... you check them off as they come up yes on your card and when you get either five in a row five up and down or five diagonally you win yes i'm not bra bingo i've been going to end you when uh... nothing just the honor of winning bra bingo well but the way that gives us the winning size will give spot in a way prize package playing the game today and i keep the cop uh... uh... anthony from uh... from vital transportation i think it's promises in your Anthony yeah but i don't but you like to give a plug no not at all the shore of the what you did the last time i was going to do anything anthony can we put some friggin little lipstick case cameras in your limos for promises absolutely i want to get some uh... little prom queen legs akimbo shots all about it and i think i need some and pegs yeah i'll do it and if you got three hundred fifty cause of putting you guys on every day now i've very cool well as anthony where uh... we're we're just a holes on the phone on the other day holes in the arms of a and do you think it's hello when they could brought uh... uh... prom season here yeah once you got the fun now i have somebody else to give you a personal hold on it she i think it's not is that it's not i think it is getting out home while one of the other hand this is a girl one of march contest i don't know what i do i've seen you naked yeah i think that the girls about a issues right here let me say what magazine is that present for you and what magazine is that late teams and the columnist and for your columnist and so you're a journalist and she's about that we are all in our picture that's gonna go up on our wall in the office we like that you guys say anything for you guys to call and what's the other one it's like he's i'd like for them every month columns of the also post i'd like to hear them yeah i got a year and then you know if you spend that around i think you know how to run all day you go look at that showing us her balloon on ice mom must be proud of that and she gets a fingers in there not that i mean i guess while we get that is the girl one of march on a contest on foundry land yes i would be music dot com they run a uh... contest once a month of the girls of o and a and a lot of girls all over the country at this point are sending in their pictures and and then uh... our listeners vote is the hottest girl the month and then uh... anthony like gives them something i think this is one of the biggest they're just very good and would you like to check out shannon yes please let me take a look okay and all my god uh... which page open forty-four i got a memo forty-four was a forty-four are you know that she is we look at that we did like signed it could trip on wax on your own and i like that you do president for each one of you have to find it uh... my birthday present and they weren't hiding in these pictures why everything else your hands are in certain places in the first uh... that will actually for the birthday boy i walk over there i i i don't like uh... they're going to go to the other near the end is a there's a president while it is part of the uh... as you got to take pictures of her stuff uh... i get that let's say let me know i see something right there in your hand the as a birthday answer of what yet they get out of her uh... her prize box at the from tries to put the united in the hall i'll look at that yankee tickets alright happy birthday bro thank you let's see where they are all we have i didn't put you up a deck like they did all the for the play on some of the end of the uh... by the looks of things that they look like their boxy uh... on the uh... uh... but then again i'm not a comic uh... well-being what do you got on your hand she's got something for you somewhere i turn around well and uh... it can't be anything over there and i had nothing back there uh... maybe i'll say that all we have a awful for a call it or i'll look at those moves uh... out there you are a little bit med tickets to see more quiet mark mcguire got it thank you welcome all right pictures uh... another picture of a new script cd hates when i come in yes she does thank you at least in the scream out i want to touch here i want to pass it and i don't know if i want to pass it so shannon to we are poor how wax on your show and screw bra bingo i well we've not going to have to delay bra bingo ladies just please hang on the line we get to you please hold on we got a very hot in the studio what size are your boobs they're sharing like that's a big as now i know and i'll have my god thirty sixty thirty sixty dot that way well we all thirty six d we have started bra bingo shannon's group and everybody playing along and on third only areas i got it to me circle and thirty six day thirty six d excellent very good well after a flying star well where the candles that's up for some how i i candles are on the way there in the office on the ticket to calls all right you are we can start the bra start bra bingo will take a little halftime when we uh... shannon's hotline uh... shannon can you move over right there right there be perfect can you see to have the yes she she's sitting on the and limo anthony's a lap yeah yes and you know i have to bring in shannon no joking aside you gotta get out the phone number for prom season for your yeah for your uh... limo company i'm not going to have it uh... let them talk and i'm sorry vital transportation top-notch limited seven one eight college college college college college and you know now you're on i wasn't on i just turned off your headphones i don't transportation is not slimming uh... yeah but what's the phone and shut up hope you're gonna hit you it's personal but i don't believe in uh... uh... what's the number one eight and for us twenty five months here at the same and i don't know where extension three zero i think it's seven one eight something four seven two yeah twenty cf stuff what i come on page or a big okay i'm over here now help me uh... seven two twenty charge and and okay i think everyone got that number thank you very very good that that's i don't i believe so you know i don't want to get it one anthony to uh... like his uh... you know we're uh... coming out with you guys now that's nice outside so much about the phone number will start off on the right for a guy and seven one eight how do you like the mobile uh... election okay shannon seven one eight four seven two twenty eight hundred and we're going to have a very very very very very very very very very very very yet that is that has a question for you on the air and okay happy with our lives groups level uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... the here when we have a lot of people pissed off if we don't put the spaz cam on the uh... getting a bit of that available we're taking that still pictures at the worst that we can do that sent off the steve you know during the show you know i hope you know my words were the hell is that the number and she could be and that's top priority for our lives out there she wants to get out our website it if you like shows your uh... blue not be kept all my god i plan i have a nice one as a you know uh... uh... uh... everyone and everyone okay like the old days right up as you go well-rounded clean as a whistle uh... prop up to anything well just like the only have seen the primary target for the last couple of days uh... you know yes okay where the hell the candles group out there now i think that i did do we want to take a few calls here for broad bingo as we wait for the candles is that what's it let's do that okay i got the game rolling here by now we already took shannon's thirty six d if you plan along and i'll play along at home let's uh... go to jessica hi jessica and that well we're playing broad bingo how are you today and i'm getting a little picked up the type of robin go why i'm not going to be treated by a lot i try to look for wild stickers and no one down here about the car and i was looking at the street i'm on the street there's a free boobage out there for the taking and let me tell lady something dot you you only wild cars that have the well on them and getting on but i'm not getting any but i'm not that there's all right well uh... wolf that's not good that's not good at all well they got to be distributed yet we're still trying to get out the word out there and get another stickers out there so give it a couple weeks but it'll be good it's really i know that i think that i thought jessica what size uh... boobstead uh... the average size thirty four days thirty thirty four b a there doesn't help me out with the last uh... one that helps me out a lot thirty one or being thank you jessica enough uh... all right there she goes just to get back to stop you can't find well signs anywhere and thank you let's go to christin christin what's going on and i don't know and uh... and the same thirty four days i mean someone beat you to a common sizes perky little be cups are you going to be welling this uh... last season i haven't seen anybody i thought somebody wants like one morning but i was you know i was just out of it i think all right that's okay and then you don't have to but if you like to join us with the well that we call thank you for playing broad bingo right bank i was like let's go to uh... emory emory they would have not much i didn't break it up well we're going to be a broadside thirty four d thirty four d that's a nice uh... thirty four d thank you really like it something in a row here jesus thirty four d i don't have to get very competitive i don't have thirty four d you got three in a row already thirty four c i don't have got a real ron rectus whole wreckage she has you made the cards i don't know what girls yeah i don't have thirty four day on my car three groups of show you have a free book spot might eliminate one how could i not have thirty four d on my card all well that's okay and i guess when you get many in a hat and pull them out there's one extra so it'll be different a little different for everybody's part and uh... emory you can help us out with the while this uh... season absolutely all right have you seen anywhere outside and i have been there you go another lady that has not seen while signs and willing to well that's just the cop thank you emory thank you okay i can find a while let's go to uh... melissa melissa what's going on hi i had a great week on the front i mean anybody and how cool i suppose there on the island we love long island i love you guys uh... cooler you know the well in the season when i think that without a doubt right good well guys get the damn well in your car who's getting i was so what's your bra so you got a ms and thirty sixty thirty seventy six c right let me say thirty six cities only that's very good for me so i'm not going to be a service to you know if that helps thank you thank you melissa no problem for you to hear all right much right now i'm not trusting rex very much i got i got to do to do to go to the job anyone else days that you're going to go brush them out i listen all over the board wasn't that that's a start with we do have to take a break well i will will finish the game of robbing go next we're also going to uh... trip hot wax over uh... uh... shans are really hot body here at the nice okay and we'll do that next or you know set up the spaz camera passes colombo here i will try to get the spaz camera up in time for this is not where we're taking digital pictures for the underground website all right yeah alright stay there and the uh... sitting a little bit twenty girls one of the and when he goes one thing w any double u and the mind spring internet services fast reliable connections as we set up the spaz cameras the great library to do man yeah the spaz can being set up as we speak uh... letting our listeners in on the hot wax dripping that we're going to be done in a few minutes mind spring earth link join forces bring the best internet access in the world well you're going to hope you have fast internet access when we uh... flip the spaz cam on and uh... you're seeing this beautiful girls body being dribbled with hot wax shan very hot blonde thirty six days uh... very nice body very nice uh... ballooned i think that and will be tripping out wax in minutes here yes well it may be too late now to catch this but i call now one eight eight eight and spring column today my spring gives you the first three months of service for the price of one three for one deal you get fast reliable connections so you don't get cut offline when uh... hot moments startup here on the open anthony show uh... easy setup and a personal startup page i love this you click on and uh... right when you uh... into your browser it set up your personal news sports entertainment and what i like a pretty financial information i could see how how much money i'm losing on any given day i took a beating today that's another story i'm so tired of it personalized the way you want that award-winning free customer support twenty four hours a day seven days a week and it's toll-free that's what they do they give the best internet access in the world uh... they have a special right now three four one three four one you pay for one month you get three for the price of one demical one eighty eight and spring one eight eight eight and spring i can't get my tongue open fat sound like a personal problem and and my spring is it three months of service of the price of one sounds like you did too many reps last night i think all well one of the new working muscles are a little sore i've been working on my uh... my body and and you were saying that you were uh... whatever you co-born and other than that and now the good the people that do you have to go back to the beginning of the show to get that one but it sounds like you get too many reps last night and then you look your your your tongue is a little tired today all i'm telling you is call one eight eight eight and the spring yes of course telemopy and anthony uh... sent you along and i'll hook you up you'd be happy using mine so okay uh... shannon next day there gentlemen start your wacky are you matching me naked? pleasure overload oh it just makes me tangle ah yes lots going on in the studio anthony we're ready to drip hot wax on shannon but they're getting the spaz cam together they're getting the the microphone set up so obviously we can't do this until uh... until everything's set because we want the listeners to check out what we're doing today right? absolutely alright so they need just a few more minutes and we'll we'll be doing that we can take a few more calls for our broad bingo game anthony oh wait someone saw paul take off the pilot that's attempting to write mom wink wink nudge nudge in the sky all over new york city today uh... mike what's going on? hey guys what's up how's it going? you saw paul the pilot take off? he just took off he left here about three minutes ago how do you know? how do you know for sure? it was uh... red and yellow extra two hundred and i tell you what followed by him was a bit special by plane oh yeah? they took off out of here blew a little victory smoke and up and away they went god damn i tell you what man i hope he pulls this off yeah i guess within fifteen what did he he's going to need at least a half hour at this point right? i think it'll take him about a half an hour to get up the river there yeah alright so uh... in about a half hour we should see some sky riding over new york city that you're not going to believe and we should start getting reports in yeah if you guys see anything please give us a call but it's going to take at least another half hour we'll see if we can pull this one off today thank you mike hey syndication how? uh... it's syndication on the ground it's happening there you go man you just need to know where where to look thank you mike take care guys alright let's get back to broad bingo as they set up the spaz cam should be set up in a few minutes here uh... elizabeth what's going on? hey how you guys doing? real good we're in the middle of playing broad bingo i know that's why i'm calling alright are you on the highway right now? yeah i'm on my car phone have you seen any wow signs? no i haven't i have one in my car though yes actually yeah and you'll be flashing uh... if i can do it while driving sure yeah you'll be flashing cars if you see the wow sign absolutely guys what are you waiting for what are you nuts what are you stupid get your wow sticker get a homemade wow sign on your car unbelievable uh shannon what were you going to say over there? i say wow all the time especially truck drivers there you go thank you shannon uh elizabeth where are you? um in my car i'm headed to work uh okay i was just asking what highway but that's okay no i mean uh now i'm on by the bronx river highway alright that's fine uh alright well what's your bra size? 36c 36c we have that one already yeah so that's okay oh sorry you can never have enough 36c is it a nice firm 36c? it certainly is what what type of fruit would you say or vegetable at most resembles? um let's see cantaloupes that's always got to cantaloupes are the best boobs aren't they? i think shannon can i see yours again i think i think they're cantaloupes let me say those cantal and cantaloupes more like honeydew melon honeydew melon i'll say honeydew melon which are a little more uh oblong i don't think mine are that fake shannon you're hotter in person by the way oh thank you i've seen your pictures on the internet i thought you were hot but you're even hotter in person okay uh elizabeth yeah okay thanks for calling me all right thank you guys bye bye once she sees balloon knot he's so suave isn't he? it's all over what do you say to a girl that you saw her balloon knot within five minutes of meeting her missy what's up hi how are you good how are you guys doing great we're having fun today it's whip em out wednesday yeah i know and there's just no whip em out in all of new jersey not good it's opening day don't worry opening day it's going to get to the point where uh you're just going to see wows all over the place yeah i mean i was ready bra and clips and all and nothing yes who isn't putting a wow on their vehicle i don't know could you define them you just put the wow on it and see what happens missy is ready to wow she doesn't see any wow stickers all right well you can help us out with bra bingo i sure can all right what's your bra size i'm a 34c 34c 34c hold on where's my corner square all right all right now i'm feeling a little better about myself i need two but oh my god this chick is going to have to look like a hunchback baby gone back and i'm glad i helped you out well yes missy thank you you're so welcome guys keep up the great work are they shapely um they're very shapely what kind of uh what what type of bra do you wear what type of a bra i wear a miracle bra usually but i take the pads out because i don't like to look padded i just like because they're pretty very lacy miracle bra thing without the pad yeah because i like the leaf very feminine you wear those wonder bras yeah the voice sounds feminine well i try to be be nice i am a woman you know why they call it the wonder bra no why because after the guy took all right missy thank you no problem bye guys well i don't even know are we allowed to say that word some some days we are some some days or not i need to call a bill you have to call yeah they called the wonder bra because when you take the bra off you wonder where her boobs went right just in case they don't that okay let's go to jackie hey jackie what's going on oh hi um i went to play barbain i love the cute little voice oh this could be good from her voice i might have another uh uncircled number here from your voice i'm gonna guess 32a oh no sounds like she's got little boobs keys no like me you're all wrong um 34d 34d we have that already we do have that but you can never have enough what do they look like what type of fruit cassava i don't know cassava melon that's pretty good cassava melons very nice you got to get off the helium honey i always sound like this all right well thanks for playing jackie well thank you have a good one you too bye bye bye let's go to stephanie hi stephanie how you doing pretty good how are you okay where are you brooklyn flatbush and no wow signs flatbush is that where you live or a personal problem i don't know flatbush is very nice i'm over here now and no no wow signs look look what we're finding out today anthony all these girls were no wow signs in sight all right we got to give it some time though uh stephanie yes 36c 36c we have that one already we have that one already that's a very common size yes it is shannon oh no shannon gave us the 36d yes well well thank you stephanie okay bye what's wrong with the kid oh who the hell knows i'm hungry for those 36c's okay bye bye amy amy yes where are you i'm on route 35 in new jersey and you you haven't seen wow signs either no not at all look at this look at this we give this present to our listeners they don't take it and run with it it's it's very early i just keep saying that okay and you would wow if you saw a wow sign of course there you go guys we have guys all across the street from me to sit on their front porch in the middle of the summer with a huge cardboard wow sign that's cool well amy uh what type of move you have 36c 36c b yep b oh b b sorry 36 b's uh doesn't help me oh man that helps me out a lot i need some fatties to call it well thank you amy thanks hey i got a quick thing for you yeah another radio station using your okay terrific yeah terrific i know a lot of radio stations trying to get us to talk about them that's you know we just can't do it yeah they're doing a commercial for their morning radio show and i again they said okay terrific yeah that's great that's that's lovely that'll that'll get you thank you amy all right man bye bye i'm over here now status on this fast cam it's up and running all right thank you scott colombo nice and chanan looks very ready yeah wait can you see this should we halt the game or try to get a win well how many you need rex so well so do i i need to i need i need the hunchback of notredane with mosquito bites or i need a stick i need uh isabamelon i need a flat so to call a flat so yeah like rosie odon a flat so he's a typical example of a flat so a big fat woman who doesn't even have uh the good luck to have big boobs right at least if someone's big and fat and they got big boobs it's like well she's got big boobs they're a flat so why don't you get chanan in front of the spaz cam because i'm sure the listeners are freaking out oh it's right here shang don't move too well there we go don't move too much don't move the camera around too much and don't move shang we'll get a nice shot on you so uh let me see the update get updated seven six five four three two one two there she is very nice now you guys get to check out what we're checking out when i'm on time barbara how are you hi hey uh well i don't know how much that can help you 36 double b 36 double d oh my god wow look at that are you happy with our large boobs i get 36 double v are you happy with your large boobs my husband is happy with our large boobs yes big on brooklyn is on my husband's car see look at this and you would wow right anytime there you go well barbara thanks for playing uh broad bingo today thank you we're conflicting sound effects over here i know we need signals to move got to coordinate our sound uh our sound effects i need one more all right i need two still uh stacy what's going on all right i i got some honeydew for you oh yes come on stacy 48 d 48 d 48 d that's off the chart well yeah are you sure they're not double d wait can i get double d's double d no doesn't count sorry boys 48 d 48 d yeah nice wow 48 d wait a minute what's the time when it's that time did they swell a little bit and make it double who could tell if you check now i win what do they look like uh honeydew honeydews honeydews honeydews that have been left out in the uh in the sun too long or no large white and oh hey shannon your hair is covering us nip getting reports from the yeah yes is getting reports from the uh audience well thank you stacy all right bye all right let's go to laura laura you're next on any w we're playing broad bingo today hi hi laura 42 double day 42 double day yeah wow those are that's huge jesus man i thought they were huge until i heard the 48 day 42 double day now your boobs are bigger than hers though yeah usually it's a double d day you know it depends what do they look like when you have a shirt off um i don't know you want me to give a fruit yeah yeah fruit or vegetable vegetable um i would say some kind of uh melon melon well that could be anything from uh like a honeydew which would be nice or a squash which would be disgusting no no we're not no we're not looking at the squash i would say we're looking somewhere around the honeydew now definitely not alright and you're uh prepared to show these puppies out there on the on the road if you see a wow sign oh sure absolutely no wow signs but i am right over central park right now so i'm waiting for this uh this uh skywriting yeah yeah i'll believe it when i see it but supposedly there's a guy that's going to be skywriting mom wink wink nudge nudge in the sky all over new york city today well i'm at the museum i'm going to be here all night i'm going to check it out every couple every 15 years i'm going to come out and see if it's out there i'll call you if i see it it should happen within the next uh 20 minutes okay thank you laura all right bye bye all right let's go to christine christine what's going on hi how you doing good we're playing broad bingo all right i got a 36c 36c yeah if uh if there are ladies on the line that uh you know their bra size has been called already you got to hang up because we want to try to move on yeah yeah but not saying christine that your 36c suck or anything oh no they don't believe me to tell you the truth whoever's screen on the calls uh should have these written down in front of them and ask the girl beforehand and and not put the call through right is it that difficult right i i i don't know christine thank you no problem okay fine let's go to michelle michelle how are you today you want to play broad bingo yeah sounds like you're in on the highway yes i am on 35 too have you seen any wow signs unfortunately not but i have one on my car yeah sounds like it seems like more girls have the wow in their cars and guys hey i don't mind getting loud lesbo very chic opi got a rainbow sticker too no okay lesbo chic i'm married i'm married what's her name i'm a guy oh all right well what's your bra size 44 double day oh yeah oh wow i got that too damn but i am all over the board here i'm getting crushed and that's a nice size michelle well my husband like them yes i think we all like them well thank you my car is random as liver sponsor they're all over the place i need some order here hey michelle thanks for playing broad bingo you're welcome uh anthony i'm one away me too one away without saying it let me see what size you need uh let's take take a look all right where is it uh nicole what's going on yeah that's viable yes i could definitely win this game uh nicole do you have big burr off um 38c oh so close 38c where does it get the rest of them but i don't have a 38c yeah ricky you guys are losing nasty numbers man i got you have an unlisted boob size oh i do no i got your 38c is right here okay i'm over here now i'm over here now oh 38c oh okay we all think the same one now though oh we do this could be a tie yeah that's interesting yeah well nicole thanks for playing thank you guys all right i need the same thing too these are the lamest ass cards ever because i'll tell you something whoever whoever uh made this card up rick did you make these cards up yes i did well what's wrong with the card because it's rigged up where all of a sudden it could be a three-way tie if this size comes in you all have the same number that's just the luck of it's not it shouldn't work out like that you need more you need let's see five ten fifteen twenty what doubles we have twenty four bra sizes that are all mixed up on everyone's card you know we have like uh you know forty or so yeah mixed up exactly randomly on each other you know we should uh have i know we got a lot of people that program make a computer program that spits them out randomly puts these things out it's an easy program uh ezzy what's up hello hi ezzy hi you want to play broad bingo yes okay is ezzy a lezzi no i bet you hear that all the time no i don't is ezzy uh fifteen no i'm nineteen nineteen i know i sound like a k-ray yeah you're you're a fine african woman aren't you no i'm not african i'm hispanic yeah i can hear the hispanic and i'll ring the bell hey 19 where you calling from hey 19 you are all right um i'm assuming there's no wow signs on the bronx no no no all right they they have those steel reserve signs though all right what's your bra size 32a what 32a i wasn't expecting a small size from a fine woman like yourself you don't know if i'm fine it's olive oil will blow me down to give any member 32a all right well thank you for playing all right thank you what is that's like they're like uh vicki what's going on hey what's going on hey i hope i can make somebody somebody somebody stay really good with my bra size you got you got a big uh set there oh yeah i got 34 d d oh 34 d d 34 and they look like honeydew melons only in small they're really perky wow in the car yeah all right vicki thanks for playing broad bingo thank you all right uh we psycho marcus get that psycho marcelin psycho mark dude i was just looking up in the sky and there's a wow being written in the sky you're lying wow is over low manhattan i'm getting that it's like i have 20 people standing right here we just all saw him he drew the w he put two nipples on either end of the w how the hell does he do that dude he's an amazing pilot i can't believe it he's doing more right now as i speak he's right above uh midtown as i speak i can see him circling around making a uh big uh what is it a goddamn zero oh that's of course i'm getting uh the wow is over low manhattan i work in uh the world trade center rich p checking in right now he's right now he's cc uh starting the w and he's just about over i'd say about 59th street oh we can see god damn i'm sorry right there and over there i'd love to be able to see if you can see out that window there everyone's looking up on the street everyone's like oh my god get the hell out of here yeah it's cool and crawling out into the crawl space oh my god i should call out there and wow everyone yeah you could go out there and wow the office park across the way hey could you see anything yeah there's buildings in the way mark does it obviously say wow or what it says wow so obviously it's not even funny yeah the bottom of the w he put two little nips unbelievable so it's he's making the he's making the w right now as i speak uh so just head look up in the sky he's got a couple already so he's going to probably keep doing them all day you can probably see it from our office or germy's office i hope people are taking pictures yeah you guys got to take pictures for the uh unofficial opium anthony website so mark is the wow clear as day in the sky clear as day miss it i'm trying to get a better look at right now that rocks man the ultimate wow sign that rocks mark there it is that's our new best friend paul the pilot he's making the right now he's got the parts and he's got uh he's doing the one side of the area right now get your life down that is great see we can't see and so we have to take your word for it man yeah he's floating right over the east river as i speak right now he's probably over third uh third or fourth half and it says wow and then oh and a on the bottom there yeah i'm fading out quick but definitely getting them done that kicks ass that rocks we have an air force i love it remember remember paul the pilot said he was going to do two of them and the second one's going to be right by us by central park yeah he's going to try to do another one if he can get away with it cycle mark call back if you see him doing another one what's that uh call back if you see him doing another one very good all right thank you guys we we have pulled off the uh impossible today anthony yeah wow in the sky cursey of uh paul the pilot steve uh line three checking in here let's see what steve has to say uh guys steve what's going on yeah i'm up here in the i should have written i could see it clear and dead and it says wow and then oh and a on the bottom wow and he was working on the oma last night so i gotta look over my shoulder too much to check it out right now i'm headed out to jericho don't want to kill myself you know what i mean he's anyway man it's out of control talk to you later thank you steve all right bye bye all right that's man that does rock let's get back to broad bingo we're still trying to get a win here uh jennifer what's going on what's up how are you good how are you uh you're not playing by the rules why what's your name jennifer no no no no no no no you're not playing by the rules pick a new name jennifer uh is a name that doesn't exist on the own a show um maria okay maria hi maria how are you doing how are you doing just type in maria oh it's not spaz i'm thinking maria would you like to play broad bingo yeah are you are you an italian lady with a name like maria no i'm greek wow that's interesting all right maria usually greeks take it there oh not give it it what's your bra size 38 double f oh what 30 38 double f yeah what the hell does that look like a freak shape it's huge huh yeah has anyone ever seen your your face so front side all right well thank you maria and then please wow for uh for everyone out there i will all right thank you there she goes uh maria the lovely maria yes people are calling up like crazy saying that they saw the wow in the sky nice uh kathy what's going on hi hi how are you okay i'm a 40 d a 40 d i can use your 40 days i got that and where are you calling from long island city hey thank you uh thanks for playing okay and we have no stickers out here but there's a u-hull u-hull truck right outside my window is it 14 inches yes what are those a little 14 inch oil that's going to be outside tomorrow so i can get some stickers uh spaz will be outside the building tomorrow getting abused for five bucks a pop but i don't want to abuse him i just want to give him 20 bucks in a bottle of wine as a health warming gift for the hotel that's fine okay that's fine you can just watch tomorrow then okay all right thank you kathy let's go to dan dan what's going on oh hey how are you this pilot is out of his frigging mind right now in the sky so he's writing wow oh and a again first he wrote wild and then he wrote i test a but he wrote it backwards so if you look down from the ground it actually says a plus oh that's fine too it's so big it looks like jesus christ these people are standing with a digital camera taking pictures of this thing oh cool we need pictures i mean i got people looking at me giving me the craziest looks that's awesome so i'm taking more pictures and i'm going to send them in yeah please do i'm sending the scene all right hold man if you guys get to the camera just walk to the station okay i'll do that if i can all right dan thank you it's indication anyway possible that's right you're open you're open you're right it's like a virus man it's just taking all the uh spreading spreading like a virus all over the place uh kim what's going on not much how you doing guys great are you ready yeah we're ready for bra size i got a farm 38 d oh man oh we got it with a 38 d yeah kim thank you thank you thank you anyone want to check my bra sizes do you have to do that at the end of the game let me uh let me say all right uh bear a fine across anthony i got the 36 d 36 d okay 34 b 44 double d 36 b and the lovely and talented kim on the line right now with her fine 38 days to give me the win all right all right not firm and one fair and square they're very firm very firm i can flex them you can flex them yeah we'd like to see that how about that how about that is right well kim hold on the line for giving us the the winning bra size we're going to give you some stuff oh fantastic you'll have you'll have your choice at uh wrestling tickets and other and other stuff we got laying around the joint nice thank you guys all right hold on the line and kim thanks for playing bra bingo there she goes everyone kim line uh line four get some stuff hot wax is ready the hot wax is ready we got shannon in the studio she's uh she's absolutely beautiful 36 c's these that's all i got steve from statin island checking and saying paul the pilot skywriting is totally visible from statin island get out of here that rocks oh that rules we are we are taking over this city we got wow in the sky today how mental is that i love it now we need a wow written in uh the side of like the world trade center at night empire state or empire state building that's our next goal anthony and a couple of reports like this too the giant uh wow uh was being taped by the chopper four live on channel four news oh really yeah they're probably saying wow what a beautiful day they have no clue what it means but that would be the ultimate wowing on a live new shot hold on the phones are just going nuts now alan what's going on hey guys how you doing great i'm just coming out along out here i'm on the belt parkway yeah and i can see that guy writing in the sky those letters are huge where are you around on the belt i'm on the belt going in the book right now i just come past jfk you can see those letters all the way out here everybody's looking wow jfk statin island this is like turk 182 those letters are huge obscure reference but all right well thank you alan okay guys i'll see you later all right uh let's go to neil neil you're next on n.e.w. neil what's up man what's going on how are you we're on uh by on the west side highway just before the bridge i'm making a wow sign right now right above us i love this guy it's everywhere you can see him from all over the city we've got reports from uh central park statin island around jfk west side highway it's up you can see it from anywhere yeah we're at the one uh 158th street exit right here we got wow signs all over the van and women oh thank you neil all right all right man you're breaking up neil you're breaking up matt devotee in the studio the boss and i were just hanging over his desk we could see it at 57 street side this is o.n.a in the sky it says o.n.a yeah which uh which desk kens oh kens from my office all right we got to take it all we got it yeah let's take a break and see if we can see it uh mark what's going on real fast okay yeah you got to give that guy some credit that's my home airport they do a wild air show these guys normally do sky riding like six planes in a line this guy's doing aerobatic when get your up there this guy sounds good just don't let you know you gotta give that guy some credit plug their air show or something these guys are good i'll plug whatever that guy wants at this point he's rolling that plane pretty hard to make letters wow garry checking in he's in jersey uh and he can see it perfectly all right uh jimmy from uh long island uh from the you can see it from the lie jimmy yeah this thing is huge i was on grand avenue i was listening to you guys i'm like no way yeah i turned around and i see i just caught him right in the o and i thought maybe he was writing wow but he was writing oh plus a that was huge cool thank you jimmy later bye fort lee new jersey checking in see it clear as day oh and a wow this is unbelievable this guy's our new hero at the next road show he's going to get the biggest hugest applause ever channel four just showed an ariel shot live in nyc and there is a huge wow uh laura what's going on i thought i'd be here and i see him doing it i thought he started he's i can't believe he's doing it so central park west you can see the wow central park west is coming up i mean he's humongous i don't know how you couldn't see it he's doing it it's humongous all right very cool all right bye thank you all right we're going to run down the hall we got to get out for ourselves uh we got to take a kind of a long break here because we're really late but if you if you stick around we got shannon with her fine huge 36 d she's on on the spaz cam as we speak uh we're going to be tripping hot wax all over her body and today fun fun fun yes lots and lots of fun to be had by everyone today what all your bosses are sitting on the windows looking out all right cool we got to take a quick break we got to check this out for ourselves we'll be back uh as soon as possible stay there in e w delpy and anthony show i think that might be part of the problem with society today oh i believe we're the problem you stupid bitch w n e w i believe i'm not bearing too well any promos that are being made lately anthony well i think it's showing your maniacal side and i i believe it's very accurate to tell you the truth you're a cook i think i'm an even-tempered soul you're a nut job is what you are you're a douche well anthony the phone's going nuts here we just did the impossible today well we had nothing to do with this all the pilot uh he said he was going to do it and he got it up in the sky a big huge wow over over new york city that kicks ass bunch of people running pictures over to the uh radio show they had polaroid cameras and oh my the letters have to be what 100 feet tall i don't know they're huge they're absolutely huge and they say this guy is one skilled pilot because the winds aloft must be pretty high you know and uh uh pretty fast winds so by the time he was finishing the oh part of it was already kind of fading so he had to get the rest of it done real quick he's doing all these aerobatic maneuvers to to do this i'd love to see this guy flying oh a lot of people wants to take me up in that airplane i know you're a little old i don't know about that not sure a couple of beers all right let's talk uh uh let's talk about the next for the next uh hour oh yeah sure just kidding wow reports coming in from everywhere yeah let's uh go to chris chris what's going on gentlemen you're wrong you've done the undoable yeah i think so i think well we have nothing to do it the skies are ours the skies we have uh taken over the skies i'm open in northeast bronx you can see it from up here really and as far as there being no wows in the bronx yeah you can verify with rick or psycho mark they saw me when they were heading out the sticker the other day oh cool i got an eight foot wow on the back of my truck man oh thank you chris for supporting the wow in the opium anthony show you guys have done it all all right man thank you you know i got to tell you oh uh in any battle the high ground is the the treasured uh position we have just taken the high ground yes we have the skies above manhattan we need a wow sign on the statue of liberty we need some of those green peace wackos to hang a huge wow banner off uh the 59th street bridge and of course the ultimate goal for this program is to get some type of wow in space i want a wow sticker on the space shuttle anything's possible at this point yeah they got that big bay on the back right that they keep the satellites in what would it be for someone to slap a goddamn bumper stick back there so when they launch the satellite you could see a wow in space i'm thinking a big wow on the moon a big wow flag let's go to mike who's in uh westbury mike what's up hey what's going on man hey i just wanted to tell you guys you can see it from west bay i'm standing on top of my office building man three floors high from west bay that is huge bro i know i we saw like the traces of it at the end when we went to the uh commercial yeah yes all right well yeah i just want to say you guys are the best man you make my drive home great bro hey thank you and i want to come in with like two cases of two cases of heineken's on the on the ice bro well anytime we love beer i hear you man all right all right take care uh and this just in uh sitting on the great wall of china wow is clear as day hey mike you're next on naw mikey yeah what's up i'm looking on the marinax yeah and i'm working on my customers property in the backyard right in the water you can see it no problem up in westchester now marina now is the guy done with the sky riding is he out of there now i'm assuming he's done huh he's done his job and he's kind of on the way now i was there about 15 minutes ago yeah all right well thank you mike hey f uh syndication i can already hear you guys all right cool i like that what the hell very selfish we're not going to change the show when we do get syndicated one of these days even though syndication underground is uh moving along quite nicely well anthony uh you get the point everyone's calling from all over the place they saw paul the pilot i know grunge connecticut checking in uh jersey yonkers t-neck east brunswick girls wowing now everywhere virus yeah that's true now every girl has seen a wow sign so i mean yeah there you go now you don't have an excuse an excuse and uh paul the pilot soon as he lands i believe he'll be calling the radio show and we'll all have to give him up one big hell of an applause that guy is invited up i'll pick him up by listen now i'll pick him up by limo okay that's all well thank you um frantham john the guy gives you cars whenever you want beautiful women coming in taking their clothes off how many other girls have been in here and i have no problem showing you full balloon not like that two years and and and that's tickets i got i got net tickets i get to see maguire and you're asking his name oh my god i know i'm sorry uh you do have a friend you should you know something you should at least let him plug uh vital transportation yeah bomb season right behind the uh right around the corner so let her let her rip you do vital transportation what's the matter that'll gag okay thank you thank you for that phone number uh jerry thank you okay thank you pete that's jimmy lou jonathan whatever okay all right there bill all right what do you say mike you know what i'll get him swamp i haven't had the swamp lip in a while there's a picture of my animals shut up nice picture your limo company sucks oh we're asking too much to have a driver that speaks english oh man wow what i thought i was having fun what happened you are a dick all right anthony what i was trying to say is we're trying to get this contest together that the craziest thing you would do for the open anthony show yeah and we're trying to get an amazing prize yeah like i'm serious an amazing prize paul wins possibly a vehicle or something this is the type of stuff we're looking for though paul skywriting wow over new york city today who the hell is going to beat that if you want to try go for it but yeah that's huge all right anthony let's uh let's pour some hot wax on uh yeah what the hell are we waiting for i'm not i'm not going to forget shannon shannon who uh won um the girls of ona last month yeah march march oh two months ago yeah wow yeah her picture is up on foundrymusic.com beautiful or if you want to check her out right now uh cybervixenbabes.com cybervixenbabes.com i'm waiting for the uh spaz cam to update over here i do that so well when it comes to me you stutter watch i hate hot girl with uh with her body hot girl with her boobs out i know her name and the plug is cybervixenbabes.com there you go overweight limo guy oh my god oh big uh bald headed bastard let's see uh can't remember the plug sorry your mic's not even on idiot now we just turn your mic completely off now we get the audio unplugged we unplugged your mic you're unplugged all right the mics are set for us outside anthony we're gonna drip uh hot wax on uh on uh shannon is the is the spaz cam ready out there they're setting that up anthony as we uh switch to uh our our other location here yes yes opie why don't we play that shut up promo yeah i love this one jimmy did an unbelievable job with this excuse me he uh he works very hard behind the scenes you don't get to hear his voice uh much on the air but he takes a lot of the stuff we say and he turns it into promos yeah so as we uh move to the the field mics check this out i think it'll make you laugh a little bit it shows my uh my my my psycho side anthony yes here it is we'll be back with shannon right after this one minute the listeners are so quick and with it steven or whoever your name is all right yeah well well yes you you just spoke ahead talk you yeah me yeah what's your name well what you how stupid do you have to be to be on the phone and someone calls your name and you don't answer shut up did he just lose his mind i hate people that don't get god damn does that piss me off i'm a freaking lunatic you are tell me what you want me to do yeah hey hey and how are you man ah great we're outside the studio now we're in what used to be called the imaginary ballroom now it's the my balls are turning blue room and just like the imaginary pd we had it's uh no longer the imaginary ballroom now now anthony i got the famous candle yeah yes we use this one other time this is one of our favorite new games we're always coming up with new games on the ona show let's drip hot wax wait we have a lot of people out here why don't we uh make some noise for uh shannon everyone yeah these guys are never around when we're doing a boring radio show anthony you notice that rick trying to set up the uh spaz cam yeah so if you're sure it's good yeah if you're trying to check this out on the spaz cam give us a minute or two wow rick's really good at this though man big kevin would always hold it and you'd get picasso pictures over the goddamn computer wow that's a hot shot all right and we're taking still pictures for uh the unofficial website so if you're in your car to be able to check this out when you get home all right um and how are we going to do this we're going to climb up on these chairs i guess well no we could just stand all right and do that i like i like going from way above though man do you yeah what does she see she's got to lose the clothes though yeah who's all your clothes just get friggin naked shannon from some website i forgot you can ask nicely rick cybervixen like a goddamn porn director cybervixen babes dot com yeah all of it all the whole smear what you got a mohawk down there can we aim for the mohawk last of mohegan who's gonna let's sing all right oh that's a mohawk all right that sure is that's mohawk bordering on hitler mustache all right now shane you can't move around a lot because uh people will scream they're they're checking this out at home through the through the uh spaz cam feel free to uh shriek in pain yeah we want to hear rick if you would like me your vocal anthony's candle is lit there we go and are we playing any games today uh well we'll do the usual uh you take the right boob i'll take the left boob uh for the bullseye okay let me build up a nice little pool of wax we're building up some wax we got some field bikes oh yeah hope he's gonna fall off the chair and break his goddamn neck you're right i like going oh yeah very high on the camera all right rick let us know when the spaz cam is set up now shield your face yeah shield your face uh stinky's holding the stinky put your junk in her face so you know there we go what's your uh nice view that's good okay here we go let's get oh oh hey where's my wax oh i'm dripping off on her hand oh there we go and you missed the target direct hit wow all right yes the target was obscured when we first uh went in all right i saw breaking the clouds and i hit nip and we're building up more wax shannon how do you feel down there is that good it feels great is that really good i want more you want more all right i'm gonna lower my aim i'm going for nagasaki now which is the belly button all right no no believe me that that's not nagasaki down there i don't know what the hell that is that's downtown tokyo we love you long time that's the invasion oh look at that oh right in there we go i i'm using the norden bombsite wow she's used to pain it seems like you like it you want to like a mark what are you stupid psycho mark is trying to get the sound of the wax hitting the body so mark does it work that doesn't work oh wow get in there look at that what an idiot now what are you talking about it's a beautiful microphone what are you talking about enthany yeah okay let's get let's get down without all of that wow is that going between my legs yeah yeah yeah we're going for ground zero man in a boat overboard wow this looks like a car accident okay here we go let's see if we can hit the right spot oh you want us to go right for it oh i got it i got it wow how did that feel all right all right i'm going to go for the boobs again going for the boobs enthany all right shield her face wow there they go all right i want to cover mine i'm gonna try this is like the game you play where you got to shoot out the star you go down there and you got to shoot the star you've got to totally obliterate the nip area you're making me laugh my my aim's way off now that's gotta hurt the last girl that had this done to her she was screaming like crazy bring out the lead soldiers and try it with no lead all right turn over yeah yeah turn over gee i almost forgot about the flip side yes all right you know it's funny she's got oh my god you don't don't open it up she's got very fine blonde hair on her ass that's going to feel really cool when you yank that out all right she's uh she's on her stomach uh the field mic is in place you really want us to go for that huh go ahead oh jesus i can't do that that's a new game all right all right here we go you can't say that you can't see that john dump out of that all right oh balloon not central she's squirming around like crazy wow very nice i'm expecting the van halen that can start any second my lips are stuck of course of course that means she's speechless and she doesn't know what to say smurf was going at her back door what do you think shannon what do you think that feels good okay oh yeah yeah let's get some on your back there we go of course yes yes you look like you got measles we're ready green measles all right well that that was a lot of fun yeah she's covered in wax yes oh i got her good what do you get look what i did to you again oh i'm over here now i'm dripping over here now you know instead you should be lighting candles for jesus i almost i almost dropped my candle on my kiki okay all right very good what all right my kiki on your kiki yes we all have a kiki don't we all right listen what's your percentage yeah nice don't move let let the people on the spaz camp take the whole thing in okay get a close-up of that on the camp because that's good i want to show mommy my artwork mommy that's something you'd be proud to hang up on the fridge at home yes right now it's black no put your candle away mark all right very good well shannon from cybervixenbase.com you like that opi huh yeah opi won't stop i blew the candle out you know appreciate what she's done yeah we better we better go to spaz camp sealed up like an egyptian tomb we're really late but we want to thank shannon for coming in we got some great digital pictures we'll send off to steve but uh shannon did you enjoy your waxing oh yeah pull those off wait don't break that we want to sell that oh look at that yeah the new cover save that that's hilarious oh rick all right all right listen i think we're going to go to break okay once again let's hear it for shannon it's the opium anthony show on any w we'll be back boo world's universal language i use my breath to get other people's attention the brain is in their hands one two seven wmw you'll love paisano yes are we going to do a wax dripping at paisano i don't think so huh oh wow that was unbelievable that was a lot of fun you know something you're a little too into that oh just a tad you know what i mean well yeah i mean right in the kiki well right in the kiki what's wrong with that i don't even know what the kiki is she's like you got me right in my kiki kiki fantastic i'm like the pothole guy that's great a little bit more black top over here yeah well uh yeah we are doing a spot for paisano of mulberry street you'll love it come on authentic italian cuisine you got great service reasonable prices and uh huge portions and don't forget their incredible pasta lunch specials you go down there say hi to joey the owner tell him uh you heard about his place from the opium anthony show he'll give you a glass of wine on the house yeah make a reservation when you go down there or you just drop in seven days a week weekends till 2 a.m. to two ponduras effing ponduras effing ponduras yeah so i'll tell yeah yeah tell joey i'm over here now joey where's my wine i'm over here now yeah definitely do that to joey we love when we uh send our listeners in to bust on them we did that how you doing for a while now the new one is hey joey i'm over here now where's my wine you know what's good about i'm over here now you could scream it from across the room if you're a paisano you're having a dinner and you see the owner joey just go joey i'm over here now i'm over here now i'm over here now i'm over here now there you go and he brings you over a glass of wine all right and if no one's coming over uh to your table with uh with with the wine i believe you could start uh screaming on the url line anthony oh yes yes help me help me help me somebody help me help me help me and they'll come running over with that free glass of wine on the house and yes unless joey turns around to him yells shut up these machines too much fun yeah all right anyway yes paisano of mulberry street in the heart of little italy you guys know we love the place we're there a lot uh now that the the warm weather is upon us i believe the tables will be outside soon yes that is always a lot of fun when you get a table outside so you can people watch and uh and eat some fine food so it's paisano of mulberry street in the heart of little italy if you want to make a reservation give them a call 965-1188 that's 965-1188 don't go to uh cnn for dick jokes don't come here for the news i like it when this show is dirty 1027 wnew it's the ona show whip them out wednesday happening as we speak oh what's that paul the pilot accomplished his mission anthony he called us earlier on in the show and said hey guys i could get wow in the sky we're like yeah right whatever paul prove it to us yes well we've now heard from thousands upon thousands of people everyone saw the wow in the sky anthony over new york city clear as day we have conquered the skies with paul he is our our air force yes he is and anthony yes paul is on the line yeah the pilot area bravo bravo oh my god looks pretty good it's hard to do a lot of people said that there was uh winds aloft oh yeah we're blowing pretty good pretty cold too at 10 000 feet you don't have a heater in that day no paul a lot of eyewitnesses saying you were making some pretty crazy maneuvers to to make that a uh no more than 60 degrees of bank wow they can't do aerobatics over a populated area at an altitude manhattan is considered a populated area yeah i think so so paul are you going to get in trouble for writing this wow in the sky no okay very good he was by the book i did it all by the book legal i do this as a living now that is great man you are the hero of the opium anthony show i'll tell you that skywriting's pretty hard aerobatics is a lot easier yeah i i always wondered how the know what you're writing um like how do you even know what i did today was pretty hard at the same altitude i couldn't see what i was doing so i had to climb up a little bit and look down on the letter and kind of remember where it was and go back in and finish it so you're checking your work as you do it yeah you you make like a w or a piece of the w you do one letter and then go up and take a look right what do you pull it up what kind of uh what kind of climb do you do when you pull it up just 100 feet or two is all you need yeah yeah but uh it was uh pretty windy and uh i hope it looked all right it did look all right from where i was but well everyone knew what the hell it was that's for sure okay and i got the o and a in there too yeah yeah we were getting a lot of reports on that you guys you're like our new hero i mean unbelievable the feedback coming in is incredible and everyone saw everyone good great can we call you schmuck jaeger yeah so i don't think so no i didn't think so either so when you come in to check out the show yeah i'll be in you should you should have came in today we were dripping hot wax all over shannon yeah we gotta set something up for you when you come down here okay not a problem yeah maybe we'll have you try to write wow on her belly with uh wax from above well that sounds like fun and we'll see how you do for fu friday yeah yeah right i don't think that'll work no i don't think they'd allow that no but uh anytime you want to write wow in the sky we're game cool or anything else we could think of that uh would be legal all good right what kind of restrictions are there with uh writing um i don't think there's any as long as you just stay out of everybody's way and you can't write like you couldn't write the f word up there you got to submit everything you're going to write um no not actually um they just asked what i was going to write and i just you know yeah mom right they probably would have let wow but i didn't want to take a chance and blow it you know yeah yeah because once they say no that's it you're done deal right so no second chances well well paul do the talk of uh the city today bravo without a doubt paul writing wow in the sky skywriting today i never thought i'd see the day how long you've been flying uh 20 years i started out in hang gliders and ultralights really you got you got to get anthony in that plane not a problem anytime he's got an open seat and he said just go for it man i'm over here now i'm over here now i'll be honest i'm a big pussy when it comes to that type of flying because you know snap turns on me a hammerhead stall or something well i've given i've probably given over 200 rides and i've never had anybody get sick in the airplane all right i'll be the first cool just remember if you pimp you got to clean it up yeah all over all over the canopy oh yeah that's a mess great all right paul okay guys i'll keep in touch definitely keep in touch all right no come down here soon i mean we want to uh we want to treat you nice after doing something like that for the show all right well maybe sometime next week early next week i'll get down there hold on the line too because i don't know if it's going to do it justice but we're going to send out a box of uh stuff for you cool just a ton of things so hold on the line all right there he goes paul the pilot yeah bravo he did the impossible today anthony he always wanted something like that to be done he wrote a big wow in the sky now psycho mark saw it from his uh sticker stops dude it was insane yeah people were running around going my dad look at this is a guy in the sky running the wow and he and with the w right yeah he put two little nips on the bottom of the w how the hell do you do that i don't know but he's a real pro yeah dude it was amazing then i saw him do the o and a like right over midtown here about 59th and probably over third avenue and you see a big o and a you know that is fantastic it was just i was screaming i'm just sitting there screaming laughing because it was the most amazing thing i've ever seen awesome how was the uh the sticker stop today great we were able to get there on time we got back on time we handed out about uh 1700 stickers all right very good yeah if you want to get your wow sticker uh you could go to participating ranch one locations they have them you just have to ask for them is there a hot commodity so they're behind the counter or send in a self-addressed stamped envelope if you do that you keep her all nice and busy around here hey send me up in a plan i'll bomb people sticker bombs self-addressed stamped envelope to uh w any w eight eight eight seventh avenue 10th floor new york new york one oh one oh six and just write attention wow sticker something on the envelope okay a lot of reports uh also channel four the newscopter took a shot of it like as they were going into commercials you know how they usually do that yeah yeah they probably did some goofy thing because they don't know what it is like wow what a beautiful day a beautiful day for baseball beautiful day wow all right uh tommy what's going on yeah yeah just uh tommy just trying to find out when they're doing a spaz thing tomorrow uh tomorrow at four o'clock outside the building you got a chance to yell at spaz for five bucks it's a it's a it's a spazathon we're trying to raise some money i got bills i gotta pay he will be in a boy scout uniform he will be holding a sign that says abuse me for five bucks boy scout uniform where i achieved eagle rank yeah okay please okay cool big mad signs down there all right four o'clock all right all right cool that's gonna be nuts tomorrow yeah you can't touch spaz though he takes a lot of abuse on this show it's fun enough just screaming at him yeah it really is if you pay a lot of money we'll give you the bullhorn oh that's a good one a lot of people pissed at the spaz cam got slammed and it didn't work well you know we can only do so much uh jim what's going on uh tim i think uh tim sorry yeah that's too dark all right all i know is i was on the spaz cam i couldn't see nothing all i saw was a microphone and a light that's all i that's not cool and i i'd reload i'd go exit it and redid it again i went to w.i.d.w. site it was all the same thing the whole time yeah that's the problem with the internet you know well well i got some good shots yeah every time we turn on that spaz cam it gets just slammed to the point where it just i don't know it doesn't work that great but uh rick's uh took some some great shots and he's going to send them off to steve immediately all right cool one more thing killer shots he's saying killer i live up in westchester yeah and i went to a ranch one away plane and they had the stickers i got like 50 of them because i kept going back yeah they're all gone all my friends were like killing me for them oh cool so i'm saying if you want uh can i come down to the station maybe pick some up and like hand them out up in westchester you can have you guys can like organize or try to want to help out earl anything to help out wow get around well just do it on your own i mean this thing is uh spreading like a virus look what paul did for us today to spread the word of wow i mean can i come down pick up some stickers to hand out uh we probably have them at the receptionist sure all right great i'll hand them out all over the place i'll call you guys up well thank you all right i'll be down in my honor all right we're going up to westchester to hand out some wow stickers sir yeah okay yeah we got up there wow what a day i'm exhausted yeah we played broad bingo we we dripped hot wax all over shannon he had a sky rider in the sky riding wow people wowing all over the highways and byways when you're a fish on one started with the rick situation oh fish on car i want to know how far we can go with this why it's kind of i mean obviously it's not good for rick because i won't say anything this whole situation isn't good for rick because uh he's a little worried which i you know i i i think that's fine all right let's just we'll just say something uh something happened to a personal possession of ricks really yeah what's the matter right did the cops tell you not to talk about it they did the cops said not to talk about it did they we could talk we could talk about without talking about it it's the first time rick has a live mic and isn't talking he kills for airtime and he doesn't want to talk you're confusing me with mark oh well that is true how much of it can we get into because it you know if you take you out of the picture it's kind of a funny story right and it would make for good radio dude come on the situation someone told uh rick a little bit i'm not i'm just saying did you read the paper yesterday did you get yesterday's paper don't look at me let's just say if uh i'm staring at someone involved not me there will be a major problem oh let's just let's just say that now on record that if i'm staring at someone who was involved there would be a major oh boy rick is cursing on the air rick i had nothing to do all right now let's get a little intense in here again rick are you had a good show today guys come on shannon's like nervous over here she's like oh my god i mean yes shannon stay in between uh psycho mark and rick yeah she just wants to plug her website well that's all right cybervixing babes.com she did a great job for us she should get a plug but uh i have nothing to worry about what happened wait why can't we talk about it the police told you don't talk about no they didn't say that you don't want to talk about it right rick talk about it without giving details that is you know going to screw you over personally i don't like silence i'll have to think about it it's on foundry music that's where i saw it oh i know oh my god it's on foundry music oh no oh my god i don't know what's going on here i'm out of here why did why did rick why did rick just leave the studio and pissed like yeah i had nothing to do with this that's all i'm saying zero oh my god this better get resolved rick had just rick had a little scare let's just put it that way where is he oh oh he's gonna yell he's gonna yell at steve right now people think this is oh no it's not on foundry music.com is it yes it is i saw it there that's how we saw it get out of here all right all right hold on my god where is it relax you'll move more in a minute i'm about to get my ass kicked for something i didn't do i got a big leg here man i'm gonna get involved i haven't seen rick this pissing a lot rick is pissed man people want to take a guess shabbat's like spooky what's going on yeah how's it going guys yeah uh man i know i'm not i'm not going to try and hazard a guess at this but uh we could probably have some competition going between who can figure out what rick's so uh upset about and what spaz is so deep and dead about uh i don't know i don't know what rick wants to say because he's really pissed and there are authorities involved thank you spooky jesus it'll come out everything comes out on our show we got it huh he's gone he's not around where is he he wasn't he was on the phone five minutes ago now he's gone somebody wants to take rick on a boat ride i don't know what's going on i don't know i'm just having a drink is freaking pissed man do you know what's going on i know everyone's like might as well talk about i agree but yeah yeah let's get rick in here we gotta get rick back because now psychomark is yelling at rick through another door or something what is he doing go find out maybe if shannon is completely naked it'll keep her a rick calm yeah really he will in case of emergency expose boobs he will punch someone what's going on i just don't know about me he's uh i don't know he disappeared does anyone know where he is he's out of the office oh my god well what i can't even guess his spas was missing everyone is going to foundry and try to find it out i can't even get on it but steve is uh probably uh he's probably on the phone right now with rick and being told to get the pictures off uh-oh all right uh who's that billy what's going on billy hello all right he's gone i think billy's playing a rascal snipe fat guy what where is he where did rick go yeah he walked by me and he didn't look like he was coming back now he's pissed yeah he didn't look happy call the office call his line i'll call his line all right get him on the line oh man then call your phone because he's probably on his yeah let's just say somebody uh messed with some of his uh personal possessions at his at his home and left uh telltale little signs acknowledging that they were familiar with certain things that have happened on this very program let's you know you know come on what was he now earl why did he hang up he said no functional family this is a dysfunctional family we've had we've had such a great radio show today and now it's going to end in disaster busy what he told us he's busy well this must be a good time to play uh what's in my pants with amy on line seven oh man i can't get on boundary all right you guys this honestly this isn't this isn't a radio teaser or anything i mean it'll come out on the radio eventually obviously rick is over the top piss yeah uh it i guess it's a very interesting little story that's for sure yeah what it is though it's a very interesting little story it is it's an amazing little story can you give me a hint huh i have no idea give me a hint give us a hint no i'm i'm i'm trying to respect that rick and see what he wants to say at this point at this juncture wow what it is nothing every time i every time i walk in here something happens spaz walks out rick walks out rick uh i don't know i rick should come in here and we should talk to him about it what was involved oh fish what really i'm not saying that no i'm not going to bother kicking off the out of the out loud over here again this is like we're just throwing out little puzzle pieces and people are going to be all freaked out oh i know you know was it really on the website yes oh wow someone sent pictures to where hope you might hit two million hits tonight horse head why are you writing this stuff dude i don't need him beating me up i've already taken them on in fight club it wasn't fun saying that and well i don't want to get involved with the real fight because it would be no one he's gotta be trying to get a hold of steve right steve's listening steve get get him back in here somehow or get him on the phone or something because we have to uh we you know we we kind of got into this a little bit and i think we got a elaborate on it show you boob shannon look there you go there thank you shannon cybervixen babes.com thank you shannon a little wax left on that one yeah i see that all right um god we're in a quandary anthony we're in a quandary i mean i know he's really pissed i know there's authorities involved it had something to do with something he owns yeah and i had i swear to you i had no idea there were pictures on uh steve's site now until recently no so what are you trying to say who ever did it took the pictures and sent them in i did nothing all right i'm going on record to say i know i happen to look at the site at about i don't know what 2 33 o'clock yeah the pictures were on there all i'm going to say that's it i had nothing to do with it i didn't know about it he wants you yeah he thinks okay because i've been running battle with them lately yeah he thinks maybe you were involved for some uh steve from foundrymusic.com steve hi fellas not much i just got a little message from rec um i received an email this morning uh containing a few pictures sent in anonymously yeah i'm not quite sure how much of this is uh i am i'm able to divulge right but the pictures uh contained uh uh vandalism if you will really done to uh a certain article of of rick's uh belongings uh one of rick's prized possessions perhaps okay um and i was told to uh contact an individual or or page a certain number when they were up on the site and that was it and then i guess let the sparks fly okay and uh and now i'm trying to take them down and uh looks all jammed up yeah i can't i can't get on your site man i can't either steve you're gonna hit two million hits by the end of the night you know that yeah the unofficial website is gonna hit two million uh hits it's been a year yeah it's all amped up i can't even get into taking anything off oh my god trying wow where is he right now where's rick he's busy he's not on the feed probably his office trying to call me this is what he's doing he's what he's who knows say hi so steve steve shannon's here hi steve shannon is he really pissed uh yeah uh yeah say that again hi steve shannon i spoke to you on the phone oh hey shannon what's up not much how you doing i'm good i'm sorry i missed seeing that today uh no you're gonna get some great pictures soon oh really yes it was fun okay enjoyed it i really enjoyed it but uh so steve uh what else can you tell us um well i don't know is is this something that a police report was filed about uh that's what i'm hearing yes oh really i don't know that um let's see there was a fish involved i know i know cops were involved there was a uh there was a porcelain horse head involved yeah uh there was a lot of newspaper involved yeah um perhaps a um i don't know a large metal yellow item uh right i might have four wheels yeah don't don't give too many details okay okay that that and a whole lot of newspaper um uh oh a ransom note it looked like or maybe not a ransom note but a note that looked like it might have come from a kidnapper of sorts yes okay you have an annoying laugh man crafty individual at work here yeah all right um well the prick's listening because i know he is in the back room i had nothing to do with this i don't feel like getting beat up today i didn't either yeah for the record i just got pictures that was it all right yeah neither did i i just want to go on the record saying that too all right steve and perhaps a reference to a godfather movie but uh okay yeah i saw the pictures when uh they were sent here oh okay we me and opi saw him this morning okay or this afternoon when we got in i almost got hit before the show because i i was laughing because as twisted and demented as this uh incident is right the pictures were pretty damn funny oh they were i was shocked to see him and i'm not gonna lie so the uh the little reply i put was just oh my god really rick is going to hit the roof but uh yeah he has the people think i have a temper let me tell you something i do not glad i'm not in the room right now rick rick will kill somebody well the message he just left on my voice that was pretty irate dude do you have it right there uh no i don't actually oh come on come on man no i don't i i i tried to erase it i was trying to say that i erased it oh sorry all right damn i would love to hear that rick if you could send another voicemail to steve yeah get mad another angry voicemail all right steve unless you have anything else uh that that helps us with the puzzle i hope so i hope so i will try to get them removed i don't know how much luck i'm going to it looks like the site's getting hit pretty hard all right man all right boys thank you all right take a minute i can't believe this went on it undetected all day long like we had one call about fish earlier that i was yeah i kind of knew what they were talking about but i didn't think they you know saw pictures or anything yeah uh darren what's going on hey what's up hey hey fredo got his payback opi what'd you do i didn't do nothing i did not do anything yeah yeah we weren't involved in this we weren't if we were involved we probably would have said something to rick unlike what he did with airsick and jay more right we would have told them for now what would rick had more upset about a that this was a joke on him b that people knew about it and didn't tell him that's it a or b what about c let's see let's see or see that it was some random thing that uh that he just seems to think it is right like it sounds more like just it sounds more like a joke yeah i mean it's a little elaborate for just somebody that may be a fan of the show to find out where he lives or something and and do something like that does he have the fish maybe i can have the forensics guys printed or something i mean maybe yeah a little work on the fish uh danny what's going on what's up how are you pretty good anthony doesn't sound so innocent on the radio there really yeah you sound uh i don't know i will say i'm too innocent i will swear to anybody i was not involved in this all right just a just a plate sound on the radio i was absolutely not involved in this took you a while to answer that's why no no i definitely wasn't involved in this all right just that's what it sounded like but i can understand how rick must feel having a joke played on him where maybe others knew about it and uh you know did not let him and didn't let him in on it right and you know you come off looking really stupid and feeling like an idiot that sounds like you're rubbing something in and and you think uh you think maybe people that you know are going to come and uh help you out help you out and they don't kind of leave you out to dry i'm speculating i will tell you something right now i'm speculating on this but the from the evidence i've seen it looks like some type of joke anybody did it from the from the staff i don't know i don't know it doesn't sound malicious sounds just like you know i should administer a lie detector test to the whole staff and whoever i'll take it i'll take one thank you danny later right i'll take one shan will take one well and no i know opi had nothing to do with this i know ben didn't psycho mark me earl it's all earl it's earl earl did it no earl would have gotten lost on the way uh steve what's going on uh yeah i well if i heard all that i'm pretty convinced uh it was about the jay morphe i just want to say payback is a bitch whether it's intentional or unintentional that's steve's opinion thank you steve of course they're referring to the fight with jay moran and hair sick productions the fake one that they pulled on us right me and opi got hung out to dry looked like idiots and uh rick we found out knew about the whole thing right from the beginning and didn't tell us and left hung us out to dry now you would think that me and opi would have had something to do with this but we didn't we should have if that is the case would we revel in it and kind of get a chuckle yes i gotta be completely honest with you i i think it would be pretty fun but did we have anything to do with it absolutely not absolutely not now where's rick where is he i don't know he doesn't want to come back he doesn't want to come in uh jim what's going on how are you jim i'm doing all right i saw pictures earlier you did see the pictures yeah all right describe them i'm getting mad at me i'd like to know i don't know what's going on and what jim asked um no until this this is what sucks until rick gets in here and we we get to talk to him about it ben i talked to him he said he might be coming down it seems like he's coming down a little bit he's having a beer he looks a little that seems to be the cure all is pissed but i think he's coming down a little bit so i said are you going to come down he said maybe all right thank you jim you're welcome bye i know what i know why he's he's really pissed because because he's in a bad situation now because his uh his wife we all know and love dearly yeah was very very upset very upset extremely upset extremely and i i would have to say i understand that part of it uh chris what's going on chris yo what's up you're on the air what's up why is his car wrapped up in newspaper um chris oh we lost the line line seven hung up get pete to work online hello hello hello chris hello hello hello i'm over here now dice i didn't let's take a break set you dice this is better than a wwf i swear let's take a break anthony eddie asking if rick knows johnny ola uh let's see uh michael what's going on hey opi how are you great listen i just uh bought a new car i was wondering if you knew uh if rick could help me out with a car cover i just needed something inexpensive not really pay too much money on it all right michael thank you thank you we gotta take a break we'll try to get this is no bit i mean if rick wants to come in he will i honestly don't know if he will but we have to take a break anthony okay right affirmative and if he does come back in the studio shannon you're going to protect me okay shannon pull those boobs out because when there's boobs in the room there's no fighting no no ever no you got you got to show ass rick loves ass oh yeah he's an ass so that'll calm him down like when he comes in and he's gonna be at that mic you come over here and you you uh point your ass over here now toward him and uh and this might work okay over here now all right and uh let's take a break okay okay we'll be back your big soviet anthony n e w uh anthony time out new york yes you want to do something in new york you don't know what to do you're walking around what do we do i don't know what to do we're in the city what do we do you got to get your obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment time out new york that's what you do well be they get they got thousands of things for you to do in new york you know how you end up here and and there's so much to do but you you want to do the cool stuff not like pick up a stupid guide to new york city and oh well we're going to go to the observation deck of the world trade center oh look it's ellis island not the tourist things the cool fun hip things to do in new york time out new york pick up a copy this week and find out how to maximize your small space with our annual guide to home design i didn't know you were writing for time out new york i said hour that's what i mean that hold on yeah i saw that right when i said it okay let me get that anthony moonlighting as a timeout new york writer very find out how to maximize your small space with their annual guide to home design very good the roundup includes everything from organizing your closets to recommended renovation uh retailers that you might need uh giving your home a renovation open such a ball master look and don't miss checking out in my own time out new york's uh time out new york sex bird answers a sex in the city obsessed reader who thought one night stands in new york would be easy to come by are you writing that column these days yes yeah the question where is all the casual sex in new york where is it all right check out check out time out new york every week for uh for the top 100 restaurant picks and more than a thousand things to do with your free time there you go for a subscription column 1-888-GET-TONY get tony time out new york the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment get it and get out all right time out new york at every uh newsstand check it out for yourself let me let you ladies in on something oral never get old bothy and destiny their brains are in their hands 1027 wmew all right it's the opi and anthony show yeah 2127571027 anthony's down the hall trying to find rick yeah i'm in the office what's going on he's not in here he's not in the in the office no there's just a way of like weight of debris from when he came back here i guess you know like old trophies from the old n.e.w. softball team and stuff yeah broken on the floor there's just pieces of stuff all over like he hit everything on his way back dude he is so wicked pissed well where is he does anyone know i don't know he went to the uh he went to the bathroom where people go to crunch uh which trophy is this oh no the sw n.e.w. all stars versus the fire department benefits softball game for the local cerebral palsy chapter oh it's it's a it's a gonna it's a gonna it's a gonna what a mess wow yeah he's he's pissed yeah and he's nowhere inside and now he's nowhere to be found is he hiding in earl's stairwell uh someone uh knocked on the private bathroom yeah someone's gotta go to the executive washroom tell uh limo guy all right anthony you want to go like see if he yeah but oh no he can't be tackled you know anthony rick get out of there you f&a hole all right oh my god we're not going to resolve this today obviously we're running out of show yeah i know is it i just heard someone say oh no he's punching walls where he's punching the walls he's punching the wall does someone have a uh a portable let's go am i hearing what is that i know i'm hearing like dude what is with him he's he's having a tantrum in the bathroom freaking out oh a liquored up Puerto Rican oh my god oh my dear sweet jesus yeah he had a few to try to calm down now he's pissed is he coming out of the bathroom or not i don't know i i heard like toilets flushing and banging on the wall you know the the wall to our office is right there yeah what he pulled yeah come on stop it what dude i think he's he's destroying the bathroom i think he pulled the friggin like one of the doors off the stall oh my god dude he's got a freaking unload well is he coming back from the bathroom uh-oh rick's in the office yeah all right rick gonna have to go inside and discuss this no i'm rick he's everything like crazy i know we we had to dump out a lot of i ran out of delay i hope john grabs it down the hall he's pissed but it's good radio right he's so pissed it's good radio right uh i guess oh my god where is he now now he's mad at the pictures of anthony just came in with the bathroom door anthony just walked into our office there is the door to one of the toilets why is it in his hand why is he laughing is he not ripped it off of the wall is rick right there no where's he now he's just stormed out right he's really pissed that uh there were those pictures on the website right i i honestly did not know that they were i didn't either no clue you know anything so all right it wicked pissed all right they would say all right all right i'll be right in all right there goes there goes anthony that was an amazing conversation but there are so many curses i'm sure we dumped out of that whole damn thing the exchange between anthony and rick uh paul what's going on i got a new nickname for rick yeah kiki kiki where are you kiki don't blow the show kiki get in here kiki yeah kiki is uh well the the girl that came up with the term kiki is uh still in the studio but that's that's very good paul show show her butt maybe he'll show up in the room all right yeah rick likes butts but i don't know he's he's i've known him a long time he's very good anthony bring the door in the room now they are there anthony anthony has made it back in the studio and he and uh anthony the limo driver is holding the bathroom door his wife is upset he's in the room kiki he tore it uh right off the right off the hinges all right thank you paul hey i'll see you bye i don't know what he's more pissed at like what happened or about the pictures he tripped he tripped into that he's getting in trouble for that that's what i said that's uh yeah oh man i could tell he's truly truly pissed good to see you shannon yeah uh steve what's going on can you hear me yeah i'm on the queens throw uh yeah opi i only got half the payment for operation horse head listen i had nothing to do with it man i was trying to tell him that too we had nothing to do with this he's mad somebody sent me out the plans well he's mad that it made the air i guess but i mean it was on a website yeah it was i saw some of the pics on today i was going through the site all right steve not too pretty all right thank you okay later guys bye supposed to be having a little station party right after the show that ought to be fun that's give me a little awkward we'll get we'll print out the instant feedbacks i'll read them i can't get online for anything i can't get on that anymore yeah we're getting slammed all the websites are getting slammed instant feedback uh the unofficial opi anthony websites getting slammed the spaz cam everything can't get to anything oh boy he is just so pissed is he coming in or not no hell no he was back by the by the copy machine and stuff doing things i don't know why i don't know why he's been coming in he said he was most mostly pissed he said i told you not to bring it up on the air and he brought it up on the air you know when you see those eyes i beat red i've seen rick have some freakouts trust me that's it's not fun yeah everyone thinks i'm the psychopath in the show uh uh uh mike what's up anthony come on what oh i want to start what up what i learned today yeah and uh go on record you're you you know far too much about what's going on you knew and let go about things about his wife knowing already when you just said oh what's going on why is rick all pissed anthony got a great one great radio and i you guys are the best i and rick i know i mean don't give some of your credit no credit to your listeners we're not all dumb swear to you i had nothing to do with this opi had nothing to do with this nothing to do with it neither did cycle mark or ben no one uh no one that works here on our show or this station had anything to do with this listen for real guys come on i listen dude i come in here all the time tomorrow i know for sure yo dude listen he doesn't want to come in there because he's going to rip your head off no no listen dude i come in here all the time i don't want to the station this is not a good i was i saw that this morning look at anthony trying to calm him down no fellow great you know syndication what the hell later on guys thank you i can't stress enough we had nothing to do with this uh joel what's going on we're trying to wrap up the show here hey guys what are you doing good i own a graphic design company in white plains and we took the pictures off the site and we're looking at them absolute craftsmanship in the way that uh the car is wrapped you know it looks like when they did some air conditioning work here and they use that blue tape for the duct tape oh yeah that's what i did yeah yeah really really good i mean you can even read some of the newspaper on the car yeah yeah believe me i think i have an alibi i don't know thank you joel take it easy all right wasn't traipsing around uh duct taping things chuck what's going on you know what's up guys how are you yo uh i think i know who did it huh i think it's going to be spaz why there's two dead giveaways one on the ransom note that i'm looking at the word your should be y-o-u apostrophe r-e spaz is an idiot he would make a mistake like that well well well you're in error well use in a sense what you how is it in a sentence i it says you're like our older brother but don't ever take sides against the family again that's that's from the godfather oh my god and then it says it's signed o and a flip mo squad well we don't have a flip mo squad i'm gonna have a flip mo squad i got it i got a second part to this puzzle there's a picture of a fish with a wow sticker right across his body right on top of the dining out section of the newspaper spaz might be a little bit upset about his recent credit card thing with his dining out all right so you are really looking into things thank you chuck okay guys my steve from uh hello this is okay i just want to say i wasn't even near there at the time steve from foundry music dot com steve hi steve for the record the pictures are off gonzo they are no more it took about 15 20 minutes to get to even get onto the site but i got him down rick will be very happy to hear that the pictures are not on the site is he really serious so f-ing pissed you cannot even believe it we are looking as we speak at the door one of the bathroom stall doors that were ripped off of the hinges and it to show even more anger i do believe that is the handicapped door meaning that some poor some poor side in his wheelchair is going to have to take a dump with the no door all right poor rick all right well i didn't have anything to do with this no we stated and i swear to you we have nothing to do with this i got an anonymous email with a bunch of pictures attached to it this morning that was it three to go thank you steve thanks fellas okay all right guys what i had something in my throat six rick buddy old pal rick rick don't hang up okay at least you're on the line dude honestly we have to leave it's 652 are we going to be safe walking down to our office that's all i need to know right now we know you can be crazy i want to stress to you that we had nothing to do with this that is not why i'm upset i understand you sound like you sound like earl now hope you know i know didn't his voice sound rick you know that's a joke you sound like a girl right there go ahead rick rick everyone we'll give you the last word today rick i asked you for a simple thing what did i ask you earlier not to talk about it on the air on rick without cursing now now let me ask you something if you said don't talk about it on the air because there are certain people involved oh yeah i think i did that and wait i know and certain issues that have to be sorted out if you were under the impression that this was done for one reason and other people knew it was done for another putting it on the air is exposing it for what it is not for what you think it is that's all well and fine so now if it is exposed as a joke that was played upon you wouldn't that be the only reason we would put it on the air oh sure i would have a problem with that okay we all know who who else was affected by this i i stated that on the air and i'm still saying that we didn't have anything to do with this right and we didn't know about it until it happened until after it happened until uh we saw the pictures today and didn't i tell you not to bring it up because you still thought at that point that it was something that was done by somebody uh that was like random some maybe crazy listener oh so then what you're saying it wasn't done randomly uh from what i'm hearing i'm getting certain inklings that uh yeah it wasn't so random and that was the only reason why it was safe ground to bring up on the show because it was wasn't in fact just some nut though though although that question though what i asked you about earlier yeah means nothing to you well when it's there was like a bit i don't know out there about someone banging someone's mother that you have not to be played right guess what it doesn't get played because of the other person it affects but if you found right rick but listen to me what did i tell you in the office before the show but rick listen to me no no no answer my question no because i have to elaborate i have to elaborate on what you just said for the show if in turn my mother then called you and said it's a joke i'm playing on anthony then you would know it would be okay to air that bit wouldn't you maybe but maybe you know maybe rick i'm not sure what you're saying rick did she no and that's why it's and that's why it's not like you linda never called you did she rick you're making this sound like i was the one that perpetrated this no what i'm saying is that i'm talking to you because you're the only one talking right now but i asked you for a reason right don't be an ass yeah i asked you for a reason not to bring it up because of the other person involved that wasn't what you told me no that's not i said it in the office that's not what you said don't bring it up because don't bring it up because it's getting of the privacy issue right and of the uh other issue with other people that are uh now involved in this you never said because of linda never you said you didn't all right you didn't you did not selective hearing no rick sorry you did not say selective hearing you did not say that all right you did not say that dump out again dumping out of the show dumping out great i told you because of of i already mentioned it it shouldn't even have i shouldn't even have to explain this just like anthony doesn't need to explain about that bit because you know what we already dealt with it we put it away it's never going to see the light of day again that's not true yeah i'll get that i'll get that bit on again fine i guarantee you'll get that bit on you want to make a bet i think that was a viable point if my mother had called and instead of her being offended by it the joke was on me uh with everyone getting mad at it and all of a sudden it's like hey guys i'm really not mad i'm just playing a joke on uh anthony and then all of a sudden you pull the bit out i'd be livid going oh my god this is insane how could you do this and then haha it's a joke right but guess what what linda never called you did she so basically she's in the same position as your mother no but i didn't know about the the linda angle on this it was a joke anthony we talked about it we talked about it i don't want to bring up specific not about the linda part of this you're not i you're not listening to me yes we did you thought it was a what did we talk about what did we talk about we talked about uh personal issues exactly no no on on privacy issues on privacy issues correct talked about privacy issues uh uh right that you you would like to uh keep this off the air because of issues of privacy not issues of linda doesn't qualify as my private life no i'm not saying that wreck no then what are you saying and i'm saying that wasn't the issue that you have no you have no you have no explanation no the the reason it wasn't to be brought up on the air wasn't linda that isn't what you put across to us in that was one of the reasons i mentioned you i i specifically mentioned it i mentioned it when i spoke to opy this morning how upset she was about it and i i relayed that on the air today we were under the impression that you didn't want it on the air because you honestly thought there was some psycho listener out there that was kind of yeah and that is why she's upset about it because that's the reason why she's upset and she has every right to feel upset if you know because she thought that but it came to light during the show that it's obviously uh you know not a psycho listener well guess what she wasn't in on the joke so guess what she's still really freaking upset i understand that we mean the only reason i'm upset is because you guys decided to bring this up when i specifically asked you not to well yeah how would you like it if i ran over to your house and put a big sign opy with fear most people know where i live at this point so guess rick don't curse you idiot rick now you're just being an idiot no i'm not being an idiot yes i don't i don't think anything in those uh pictures which calm down first of all he shouldn't have gone on the web first of all and i had no clue it was on the web people started calling like crazy the instant feedback came in and i'm not talking about the website and and said you know what you know let's bring this up so we did i'm not talking about the website so we did as i've said repeatedly and you didn't stay in the studio i have a problem with you bring it up on the air you didn't stay in the studio and fight you just ran out you ran out you just ran out when anthony said let's uh talk about this well when somebody walks away from something that you want to talk about guess what that's a sign that says hey i don't want to talk about this i could go through this a thousand times the reason we talked about it is because we knew the reality of it you thought you were still thinking that it was one thing we knew it was another so that's why and if if the reason if i knew in my head the reason was because linda was upset then we wouldn't have brought it up that was one of the reasons i mentioned in the office you guys don't pay attention to that no but a uh a payback joke and let me reiterate we weren't involved in this it's not supposed to go on the air we're supposed to clear it with you no explain it to the air we're supposed to clear it with you explain it to you off the air what it is and then go on the air with it kind of takes away from the impact payback jokes are fine as fine as fine as freaking the sun shining in the day i could give a crap about payback jokes right as long as they don't go over a certain line and if you notice that guess what rick you are part of a joke where i punch someone in the face that's going over the line holy i'm not going to curse are you kidding following your logic and do you think if we prank you were involved with it turned out where i punched someone in the face and could have you know got screwed over and people that are involved clear it with you first off the air and then we go on the air and have that spontaneity uh no no they clear it with the people they need to clear it with if they know they could it could be a problem attacking someone's private property then yeah there's a bunch of freaking things i gotta do there you pick something else to do now you're being a hypocrite when you were part of the billy and paul jay more pranked that's exactly what you did anything of your private life that had nothing to do with the family and then how many how many people realistically could have got hurt with the billy and paul jay more prank it depends on them how many i don't know with the with this damage dead prank with them no you're in on it i was in on it the last minute you're in on it there are people there are people outside to three days after the fact there are people outside wanting to see billy and jay more fight one of those people could have easily jumped in and got hurt or hurt somebody else well you know what so that so that goes against what you just said on it so none of them are really going to all the listeners that showed up so i showed up outside the brooklyn diner were in on it okay and none of those guys are going to jump into a fight that makes a lot of sense to defend you i would have jumped in the fight of opi i would have done it that makes absolutely no sense you've never done it are not going to get in the middle of a fight that's not going to stand back and they're going to watch that's not true you can't you can't know that you can't know that let me run over there and get in the middle of the car act you know you stand back and you watch you can't know that for sure dude i punched someone over a prank that you were involved in so i i would call that goal on the line as well i punched someone over a prank they did that i found out about you you knew you you know i had no knowledge of the prank when it happened no setup with it i was not involved in any way shape or form neither were we very late in the game neither were we thank you we're both on the same page freaking page we found out about this late lately only we didn't only only we didn't wait three or four days after we knew to inform uh you hey it doesn't matter you know what because i asked you before you even knew not to bring it up on the air before you even knew because we didn't even knew i'll ask you not to bring it i'll tell you why yeah because what we were gonna get another freaking day we didn't we didn't have knowledge at that point and let you call by the time anthony brought it up on the air there was a lot of knowledge that came through during the show right i honestly when i walked down the hall i had no real clue about what the hell was going on i started getting suspicious i figured we saw the pictures but that's about it rick i figured we best end it now instead of uh not saying anything and letting it go on what another day and night of you and linda worrying about uh your privacy and i wasn't going to do it off the air why not what off the air yeah it kind of takes the sting out of it well what we're going to go on the air and say hey listeners you should have been there off the air when uh rick found out about this whole thing well guess what there's private lives involved it had nothing to do with on the air it wasn't even near the station do you see what i'm getting out here no you know no you don't rick jesus christ i'm talking to two freaking idiots right now well now we can agree yeah that you two are idiots yeah we'll never argue that point oh in the words of rick it made great radio that is a rick quote you hang it up all right stay tuned for uh don and mike on most of these uh radio stations lock the door is he going to charge down here like the door i ain't freaking getting in a fight oh boy wow wow yeah let's all go party we're going to have a fun little get together um party yeah we're supposed to have an office party today but yeah i understand some of the things he's saying but we weren't involved we had nothing to do with it okay terrific chan and thanks for coming by could that can i can i see something just to calm me down really really fast hey which one oh that's the way to end the show all right there's there goes shannon thank you cybervixenmage.com anthony donna micro next yes donna miker now all right now i apologize to them uh yeah that was that was pretty intense we had a good show though today didn't we that was a lot of fun all right all right we'll see you guys uh tomorrow yeah too boobs the world's universal language opi and anthony your linguistic experts whip them out wednesday m e w