 Remember this little ditty Anthony? Yes I do. 212-757-1027 is our phone line. It's the Opie and Anthony show. Hey, it's our show. It's your show. Ah, you're right in. I feel a bunch of better. I had to medicate myself. I wouldn't have a nervous breakdown. Anthony needed a little attitude adjustment before the show. Yeah, that happens. To get fun little phone calls and stuff. Like, oh, crack a fridge. I need a pre-show beer. It's very rare, but occasionally you need the pre-show beer. Hey, what's up? How you doing? All better now though. What sucks more is that it's hard for you to talk about. I can't. It gets used against me. The crap that's going on when we're not on the air. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. Yeah, that dice thing from yesterday was great. Oh God. Is that true? Rolly Stone's planning a tour for 2001? Oh my Lord. I think they're having a contest. Who's going to drop that on stage first? The who or the Stones? So they keep going out on the road. The Stones 2001 tour, huh? I'm just mesmerized by the Cypress Hill. Yeah, I know. I'm kind of grooving to it. Went out of town. Actually, we're running late, so we got to take another break. So we're that quick? We're kind of stalling. Yeah, those two segments we just ran, moving out, those two segments we just ran were really long, so they'll put us behind. But that's okay. All right, why don't you guys call, spazz and put John Holds. We'll go to the phones next. We'll get the show going, okay? Yeah. Another fun show for you all today. For y'all. Who put this one together? This is so choppy, it's not even funny. Mark did it? Yeah, Mark's not that good of a... we could have a cranky show today. Well, the cranky shows are some of my favorite shows here. I love the cranky shows. The cranky shows are great. You don't know who the one is that's going to explode. Yeah, lose their mind. Oh, the $5 to yell at Spazz thing is happening Thursday. Yeah. A ton of people calling about that already. It's going to happen Thursday. We need more time to put it together, okay? The stupid lawyers had to get involved to make sure that it's all on the up and up. Speaking of Spazz, let's take a break. Oh, I heard he's having some trouble. Spazz, god damn it, man. I swear, you guys, we just want Spazz on the radio once a week to do the little weekend review. Yeah. You know, because there's so many other things to do on our radio show. But his life... But his life is so effed up and out of control that you've got to put the stuff on the air. I like having him around. It makes me feel better. He wasn't in yesterday because he had to move into his new apartment. I'm moving. Alright, that went horribly wrong yesterday. Yeah. Horribly wrong. Huge mess. Spazz is living out of a truck. Spazz is officially homeless? Is that what we're gathering? Spazz is officially homeless. Yes. So this yell at Spazz for $5 thing that we're doing Thursday could come in handy for Spazz. He really needs it. I'm not kidding. He is homeless. Oh my god. We'll get into the story next, alright, and we'll get the festivities going here. The phone line once again, 212-757-1027. OP and Anthony. 1027-WNEW. It's the ONA show, Godsmack. In the background, those guys finally working on their next CD. This is how like late this year looks like. 212-757-1027 is our phone line. We've got to go to Lisa real fast here. Lisa, what's going on? Hi guys. How are you? I just wowed somebody. Look how happy she is. Is it the first time you've wowed somebody? It's my maiden voyage, yes. Was it fun for you? It really was. Was there a wow on the guy's car or something or you just felt like wowing? No, actually there was a wow. He made it out of scotch tape on the big back windshield. As we were cruising by, we were over by CW Post. They were stopped, stuck in a light. My girlfriend slowed down and I just wowed them. Look at her. She's freaking. Look how happy you are. I told you it's a cool thing. It really was fun. How big are your boobies there, Lisa? I'm a 26C. 26C? Wow, that's an unusual size. 26C? I'm big. The top is tiny though because I'm working out. So you're like thin with big boobs. I have tiny hips. You're like a skeleton with big boobs. That's okay. Okay. I'm not a skeleton but I never heard any complaints. How tall are you? I'm 5'6". 5'6". How much do you weigh? 125. I've never had 26C. 26C. That's small up top. I mean small back anyway. Go ahead. I'm giggly. I'm telling you this Wip-a-Mow Wednesday thing works. The guys with the wow in their cars and the girls, they see the wow signs. If they feel like it, they flash the guy. Simple as that. Simple concept. It was the greatest thing. They're beeping and they're yelling but my girlfriend kept cruising and they didn't follow us. They didn't bother us. Yeah, we like to hear that. Guys, just let it happen. Don't harass the ladies. Let them go about their business, okay? I'm going to continue wowing now. Hey, do you like a good TF? Oh no, what's a TF? TF. Here we go. See, you got like a little back but you got some nice melons there. Okay. Do you like giving a guy a good TFing? Ah. We have a winner. Oh my God, the sharpest tack in the box I have. Yes, I do. Oh, you do? I do. All right. That's a turn on for you. It honestly is. Yeah, TFing is really cool. That's pretty good. A lot of women want to admit to that. Yeah. The guy gave me an inspired me. We inspired you. Well, thank you for wowing today, Lisa. You're welcome. You're going to see wow signs all over the place in another couple of weeks. You watch. Wait a minute, we weren't supposed to start yet? No, no, of course. Of course. Of course. It is seven days a week but on Wednesdays we pretty much focus on the whole thing. Yeah. Okay, then you know what? I'll save my fundex until Wednesday. No, no, no, no. You see any more wow signs out there. You go for it, Lisa. Yesterday I was stuck in traffic at Hofstra. I wanted to get a wow sticker myself, just to have one. Sure. Couldn't get through. Dude, jammed up. Well, there's a couple ways to get them today. Participating Ranch One locations will have the wow stickers. Fidelity Diamond Route 17 south in Paramus, New Jersey. Earl's going to be there at four o'clock with a ton of wow stickers. All right, and you don't have to wow Earl, right? No, no, no. Oh, geez. He won't like that anyway. All right, Lisa. We're going to let you go. You're too giggly to talk to. I'm sorry, guys. Have a great one. All right, thank you. Bye. Bye. She likes a good TFing, Opie. How about that? TF rocks. She actually is turned on by? By the TF, a nice hard TF. Bravo. Earl is bitching and complaining, Anthony. What about that? Well, we've been telling everyone to send him the self-adressed stamped envelope for the brand new wow stickers. And I swear to God, it looks like the mail room for the Backstreet Boys in here. Yeah, it does. It's just like they just empty the mail bag on Earl's desk. It's just piled up. I know why he's so bummed, because he finally has to work. Yeah. He's pissed off. He's sent out well over 5,000 envelopes at this point, Anthony. Oh, he has? Personally? Personally, yes. He's sent out 5,000 wow stickers through the mail thus far. All right, Earl. You guys sent a self-adressed stamped envelope to Earl Talaria. Do we have any... Do we have any... Do we have any documentation that actually proves that he's done that? No. I mean, I know the boxes and boxes of mail that has you coming in. So I'm assuming he's doing his job for us. The next man makes a move, the nigger gets it. Oh my God. Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho. Where did that come from? That's from Blazing South. Oh, Lordy, Lord, he's desperate. Do what he says. Do what he says. Oh my God. I think we can get... Oh, oh, help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. That's actual audio, Earl. Anthony, help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. Here we go, Earl. Anthony in the back room getting out wow stickers. Help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. Earl is overwhelmed back there with the wow stickers, Anthony. Overwhelmed, obviously. Wow. He said he sent 5,000 out? Yeah, I was asking him because I was busting on him. I can't believe that. He's all pissed off. He says that's all he does now around here. All right, when did we start doing it? Let's do some simple math. We only gave out the address maybe a week and a half ago. Okay, so how many stickers would he have to send out during his time here to equal 5,000 every day? Yeah, it doesn't match up. No. We're getting about 200 to 300 envelopes a day. 5,000. He's full of it. So if you want to send in a self-adjusted envelope for the wow stickers, very easy. Let's write attention wow sticker, WNW, 888 7th Avenue, 10th floor, New York, New York, 10106. Excuse me while I whip this out. Earl's on the line. Earl, what's going on? What's up, guys? How are you? Earl? We're on our way down to Paramus and Fidelity Diamond again. I have some more wow stickers. Yeah, the wow sticker stop today is Fidelity Diamond, Route 17 South Paramus. They'll be there by four. Yeah, right. You've sent out 5,000 wow stickers in the mail? Not me personally. I can assure you that that many went out. But not me personally, no. Who else do you have helping you? Jeremy's assistant's been helping out. She's been great. All right. And that's it, huh? Yeah. And the both of you have sent out 5,000 stickers. I know I've gone through at least one box. Which is what, 2,500? 35. All right, Earl. Help me! Help me! Help me! Somebody help me! Help me! Help me! Help me! That's Earl yelling for help earlier today. I'm not yelling for help. You asked me what was going on. We have actual audio of you. Help me! Help me! Help me! Help me! Somebody help me! Help me! Help me! Do what he says! Do what he says! Earl, you're losing it back there, huh? He's got some great audio of you all of a sudden. Carl, I'm not a good old nigger or something. Oh my God. Oh my God. That's awful. That's from Blazing Saddles. What are you guys trying to do to me here? I love that movie. Huh? I love that movie. That's a good movie. I love that movie. That's awful. That's from Blazing Saddles. What are you guys trying to do to me here? I love that movie. Huh? I love that movie. That's a good one. All right, Earl. Well, you have fun at Fidelity Diamond at the WOW sticker stop. There should be a lot of ONA fans out there when you guys arrive at 4 o'clock, okay? The WOWs are definitely welcome. All right, Route 17 South, Paramus, New Jersey. Okay, brother. Ouch! All right, Earl. We've got to let you go. We've got a show to do. All right. We keep you on the air all day. Our ratings are going to plummet. All right, thanks a lot. All right, bye. See you there. Bye. Shut up! What do you want on this wall? Oh, brother. Here's more Earl audio. What do you want on this wall? What do you want on this wall? What do you want on this wall? What do you want on this wall? What do you want on this wall? What do you want on this wall? Earl's gay. Terrific. Have we taken any bets on what time Earl actually gets there? I'll bet for... He gets lost every time. Earl has never left the Tri-State area. He's what, 30 years old, close to it? He gets lost every time he has to drive that van somewhere. Every single time. It doesn't matter if it's down the street, Jersey, Long Island. Every time. Every time he gets lost. He gets lost in his own neighborhood. He doesn't even know where he lives. Well, that's a story for another day. Wait, who was part of that story? Ben and Mark? That happened twice. Oh, that happened twice. He tried to find his way home. And Earl does not know how to get to his house if he's in a car. Because people out there are like, no way. How do you not know where you live by car? He doesn't because he takes the subway system. Help me! Help me! Help me! Somebody help me! Help me! Help me! Help me! We have found a new clip, Anthony, that we can enjoy for the next month or two. He ended up at JFK Airport trying to drive him home one night. I'm like, this isn't the right way. Yeah. All right, man. Help me! Help me! Help me! Help me! Help me! Help me! Somebody help me! Help me! Help me! Let's get to Ray real fast. Earl's calling back. Ray, what's up? How are you, Ray? I'm good. Very good. First of all, these guys are the bomb. I listen to these guys every day at work. Thank you, sir. I'm getting in trouble. All right, thank you, Ray. What do you have today for the show? Let's go. First of all, I want to get your permission. I want to give out like at least a thousand, two thousand copies of that while. I want everyone doing that around my bedside. Wait, so you work at a copier place? Yeah, I'm making tons of copies. We want you to make tons of copies. Okay, terrific. So, the guy's in the car. He's in the car. He's in the car. He's in the car. He's in the car. He's in the car. I'm sending a ton of them out to Brooklyn, too, to all the guys, all the girls. Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn, what's going on? Hey, Anthony, I wanted to ask you if you forgot when your brother used to make you hand out the flyers for the band and you used to ditch them, what do you think Earl's doing with all the last sticker? Maybe. Earl's getting terrific. Very good. I just want to thank you guys for introducing me to Slipknot. I went out and got the CD. They kick ass. Yes, the Slipknot rocks. That's some angry music, huh? You put that CD in your CD player and you do some TFing. Sounds good. All right, Jennifer. Thanks a lot. Please hang up on her. I can't take the F in name. Oh, yeah. Yeah, there's a new rule on the O&A show. If your name is Jennifer, you've got to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I'm going to have to be a little more aggressive. I was sitting at a traffic light in New Brunswick and I totally forgot about the sticker on the side of the truck and all of a sudden I hear, I'm telling you this wow thing works like a charm. Just put the sticker on your car, maybe a homemade sign and just forget about it. Don't expect to be loud. It will happen. What? All right. Yeah. All right. Exactly. Take it easy. Thank you, Bill. Just wait until the nice weather. Oh, forget about it. It can be wow all over the place. Hey, Butch, what's going on? What's up, fellas? How are you? I was wondering how long Earl's going to be down on 17 today. In Paramus? He should be there a good hour. All right. I'm a truck driver. I'm stuck up in New York so I'm going to try to make it down there. Yeah. Well, we encourage everyone to go to Fidelity Diamond to get their wow stickers today. Earl will be there at 4 o'clock Route 17 South Paramus, New Jersey. Cool. All right, man. It's the Cajun Underground, guys. Yes. Thank you. Underground. Want to say hi to everyone. Checking out the show illegally today. You know who you are. Last I checked there were 28 of you. Thank you. All over the country. Loving the show. Loving the show. That's right. I'm over here now. Hey, cool. Give me that one. That's mine. Oh, I love that one. That's mine. I'm over here now. You got the Earl help me, help me and I got the dice for a while. I'm over here now. Be quiet, sir. I'm over here now. Be quiet, sir. I'm over here now. Be quiet, sir. I'm over here now. How would you like to mow my lawn? Huh? I am superfied, man. I love that one. We're adding new signs every day. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. I was laughing on the way home just thinking because we touched on it at the end of the show. The born again dice. So when he first called yesterday he sounded a little odd. Yeah. Like he was a dice that we aren't used to hearing until he pulled out the slap in your yam bag against the rage. You know. That was such an amazing call yesterday. We are going to play it late in the show today. Cool. Because I mean out of nowhere Dice calls us and pretty much thanks us for inspiring him to move on with his career. He was sitting at home feeling a little down. Yeah. And then he decided, you know, I had fun on the ONA show. I should get out there and get off my ass again and start putting an album out. He said that was motivation. He's been going to the clubs every night now. He's going to put out the CD after all. And he was thanking us. He said we inspired him and being a kid, you know, growing up on Long Island and when I discovered comedy there was a few people I discovered right off the bat. Kinnison and Dice right off the bat. So to hear someone like Dice saying that you and I inspired him, that's just mental. Yeah. That was a little weird. And then but the way he sounded kind of sounded like the born again Christian talking to you. You know? Yeah. Where he just sounded very sensitive and opening up. Yeah. I found Jesus Christ. I walk with the Lord now. Jesus Christ. He's over here now. And Dice is hot. Jesus Christ, my Lord and Savior. Yeah. I got to change my, put the back of my jacket because I'm now a disciple of Jesus. You hear me? And you'll hear the words of Christ. Yeah. You know, would that just be too much? That would be something I would check out if he decided to be like a minister or something. I'd go to church every Sunday. Jesus walked around healing people wearing the loin cloth so the lepers wouldn't have to look at his yin and yang. Okay? Can I get an amen over here? Yeah. So he's walking around. He sees a leper, you know, and they're like, oh Jesus, could you cure me? Yeah, sure. Slap the nose back on your face. I'll wave my hand. You'll be okay. Hey. Praise the Lord. Dice would like the Virgin Mary. That's for sure. Hey, I'm a man of God now. Yeah. I can't be saying things about the Virgin Mary. No, of course not. You know, I would have liked to slip her a nice one in the old days because she is a virgin. Oh! Forgive me, Father, for I have sinned. Now I found the words of Jesus. Right. Christ is my Savior. Anthony, what's going on? Yeah, you guys are like miracle workers. Listen, if you could get dice to be funny again, you should get Christopher Reeves on the show. Maybe he could be a good guy. Yeah. Well, let me tell you something. Dice was hilarious the other day. My mother was listening to the show. She was laughing. It was like listening to the old dice for any bull crap. You know what I mean? We brought the best out of them yesterday and last week. And if you didn't hear dice calling yesterday, please hang out later on the show. You're not going to believe it. It was really funny. The midget stuff had me dying. But you know what he brought me on? When he first came on, he sounded like he was going senile or something. He was really... It just sounded very sensitive, almost like I said, like the born again. When someone gets born again Christian, oh my God, that's all they're talking about. 24 hours a day and they try to convert you and everything. I found God. I'm walking with Jesus. You ever see that picture with the footprints in the sand? Yeah, there's only one set of footprints. And Jesus walking next to me during the times of my life. And I said, hey Jesus, how come during the toughest parts of my life, there's only one set of footprints? Why'd you leave me, you scumbag? And he said, no, dice, that's when I carried you. So I broke down crying in tears. Well, you know, Jesus and dice, they're both with Jews, right? Well, Anthony, I think we were like step seven in his 12-step program yesterday. Oh, you know what he should call his new album? He should call it, hello, they call me, my name is Dice. Hello, my name is... Okay, terrific. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. Thank you, Anthony. Don't give me a train. All right, bye. Bye. There he goes. Let me read now from the book of Dice. You need a personal relationship with God. We're all equal, the chinks, the collared, the midgets, the whores. We're all children of God over here. Can I get an amen over here? Amen. Okay. I'm dying over here. You know, I don't want to be laying there, dying over here. Before I find Jesus. Because Satan does seem like a lot of fun. I don't want to go to eternity with a pitchfork in my ass, okay? Oh! A dream, you know, bigger than selling out the garden, would be Saint Dice. Okay? The patron saint of studded leather jackets. I'm over here now. Where are you? I'm over here now. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. Oh! I think we're going to have the new Dice on the show all day today. The Dice that has found Jesus. I'll be a Saint Wack Bag, Episcopal Church. A gloss from laugh your yandbags off. All right, Joseph Brown, I'm checking in. N want customizable chant each yeah Hey, Anthony Diamond Vision! Yes. You want to see, don't you, without your glasses? Speaking of God, Dr. Philotoff is my God. He's like Jesus! He is like Jesus to me. He goes around. He's a miracle worker. People come to him if they can't see too good. That's right. And he says, look, I'll fix your eyeballs. That's right. And before you know it, you're throwing away your glasses and looking for Jesus. Oh! Well, I'm seeing 2015 thanks to Diamond Vision and Dr. Philotoff. Better than 2020. Better than what God gave me at birth, Anthony. Hey, is this a script? No, you don't have to do the script. At one point it says, Diamond Vision, Spring Special, just $2,500. And then it says Anthony says $2,500 per eye. And then I say, no, Anthony, that's $2,500 for both eyes. It's to Diamond Vision Laser Vision Correction. It's affordable to anyone who wants to see better without glasses. Could they please not write my lines in on some of the comping? Yeah, we don't need scripts, guys. We can talk about Diamond Vision. No problem. One of the easiest spots ever because Opie had it done. Had it done. I am completely happy. I cannot believe that I had 2015 Vision. I still to this day leave the house going, oh my God, where are my glasses? I run back inside and I go, oh yeah, you idiot. You don't need them anymore. You smash them with a hammer. Smash them. And then I find myself doing this all day. Pushing up imaginary glasses onto the bridge of your nose. Yeah, it's bizarre. But yeah, it's a great thing. I absolutely love it. I don't know what else to tell you guys. If you wear glasses, you really should look into this. There's a couple things going on. They're doing a Memorial Day drawing. Basically what you do is you call up Diamond Vision, 1-800-984-2020. 1-800-984-2020. You put your name in the drawing. They're going to give one of our listeners the procedure for free. OK? Nice. So you got that going on. If you put your name in for some of the past drawings, you're still eligible when they pick the name for this one. OK? Cool. But if you don't want to wait or you're not picked down the road, Diamond Vision is running their spring special, which is $2,500 for the whole procedure. OK? It's Diamond Vision, Anthony. 1-800-984-2020. That's 1-800-984-2020. Dr. Zachary Smith. Was there any sex on motion space? Yes. Was there any sex on motion space? I have to tell you, but it hurt a lot. Ouch, doctor. Very naughty, naughty. Obie and Abby. Oh, you boys are dangerous. I have to watch it. Naughty. Young William. I have to tell you, but it hurt a lot. Very naughty. Are you having fun with our little radio show today, Dr. Smith? We played a little game. That was fun. Obie and Abby. Oh, they're both lovely ladies. I love that one. It's the ONA show, 212757-1027. Instant feedback working. You can get through to the show through the WNAW website. Hey guys, I already learned something on your show today. I learned the last words on the crossword. I'm dying over here. Dying over here. Bam. Alright, where's Spaz? Spaz had some problems moving yesterday. We've got to get into that a little bit. Vince, what's going on? Yo, what's up? I was in Penn Station yesterday. We have WOW stickers from Roosevelt Field. The cops saw me jumping up on the subway signs. I was taping up right near the E train station. He comes over and asks what I was doing. He looks up at the signs and says, just don't put up too many. Yeah, there you go. WOW is spreading like a virus all over this fine state of ours. I was laughing. I was going for lunch today and there's WOW stickers all over our neighborhood. I know. I work up on the Upper East Side. I was able to stick a couple on some diplomats cars. Cool, Vince. Thank you. Thanks, guys. If the company is not going to advertise our show, we'll do our own advertising. That's it. That's how the show has operated since we got here. Gorilla Marketing. We'll get the name out there. Word of mouth and WOW stickers all over the place. Internet. We're all over. We're entrenched. Here comes a sorry story. We've got to have sad violin music. Something. Nottiest Theme. That sappy song, remember? Yeah. It was also a theme for a soap opera, I think. But Nadia Comaneci stole it for the Olympics. Yeah. So they renamed it Nottiest Theme. Spazzy, how are you? There you go. He's plugging in his headphone. Spazzy, you called me at home. You called me at home on Sunday and said, Spaz, why didn't you give me a call? I don't have your number. Oh, okay. Want to give it to me? No, that's okay. Once we get a little closer, maybe I'll give you the number. Okay. And trust me, I'm not missing much. So I said, sure, Spaz. Take Monday off and move. First of all, you're moving how far from the radio station? Well, it's an hour and a half on the short line. And then I've got to take a path over to the short bus. Just listen to this commute. There are people out there who are going to be on the bus. I'm going to take a bus. There are people out there that have no choice. They have to do a two, two and a half hour commute each way. Spaz has the choice, but he has decided this is what he wants to do. So it's an hour and a half on the short train. And then what? And then I've got to take a path over to Penn Station. And I've got to take the shuttle train over to the NR. And take the NR up to 57th. How many different trains is that? Four? Four. Four trains a day you're getting on? Four trains. Like two. There's the first one. Here comes the other one. He takes the little one like in Disney. The Thunder Mountain Railroad. Now Spaz, keep your hands and feet inside the car at all times. And remember, no flash photography. So you take four trains. Four trains each way. Okay. Well, door to door. When you leave the Spaz pad in the morning. And then you get into work and you say hi to Rick, who's here first. How long does that take? Well I don't know yet. I haven't moved there yet. How much would you guess? Like two hours? Easily? I'm assuming I haven't done the commute yet. Stupid! You're so stupid! So Spaz yesterday was moving, Dan. Okay, terrific. Hey, hey! I had no idea. To Ryan! To Ryan! To Ryan! To Ryan! Stop that! Stop that! Okay, terrific. Let me go ahead. I'm over here now. Okay, terrific. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. Hi, this is Sherman Hensley. You're listening to OB and Anthony on 1027 WNEW. Alright, so yesterday was moving. Spaz is in his groovy new... Ouch! No, you're... What happened? Yeah, how's the new place? How's the new place? Come on, we all want to know. I haven't seen it yet. And why haven't you seen it yet? I'm having a little trouble with the Realtor people. So I'm not living there right now. Alright, Spaz, you moved out of your old place? Because we have to, yes. We reinforced out. Why forced out? Well, because... Well, complications with roommates and... Stupidly, I set a date with the landlord of my roommate saying I was going to be out by May 1st. And they had people moving in already so we had to get out. Okay, I don't want to have to call the time. Sure. In the U-Haul. Yes. But it wasn't set in stone that you were going to move into this new place? But you just assumed that... Well, they said it would be ready, but it's not. We're having complications. So what, you drove the truck over there and they said no? No, I didn't even get that far. They said no right when we were about to move the stuff into the truck. But we had to be out by 9 o'clock. So we had to move the stuff in the truck. Just me and Erica. So now all your stuff is in a truck. And where are you staying? I'm hotel hopping. At the St. Regis. Are you staying at the St. Regis? What kind of hotels? Best Western. Very good. You're getting a little smarter. How's the butler over at Best Western? Iron your heavy metal shirts? I'm a little bit of a fan. Best Western, iron your heavy metal shirts? No. Do you realize you could have spent 10 days in a Best Western as opposed to one night at the St. Regis? I realize that. So you're pretty much homeless right now. Every morning I have to go into the U-Haul to get clothes for the day. And my clothes are in the back so I'm digging. It's kind of embarrassing when everybody's in the parking lot looking to be digging the back of the U-Haul for clothes. Is there any kind of timetable on when you're going to be able to move into this new place? It could be anywhere from 2 minutes from now to 10 days from now. Why so long? I have realtor problems. Can I say it? It's obvious. No credit. They do credit checks. Your credit must be a nightmare and they're a little scared and that's why they didn't let you move into the new place, right? It's a part of the reason but not a total reason. What is the rest of the reason? The rest of the reason is just one realtor being a pain in the ass. Well how are they being a pain in the ass? Because they don't like the fact that I can pay the renters. That's called a credit problem. That's called a credit problem. Oh I thought you were talking about my past credit issues. No, no. There's a lot of bidders there too who could easily outbid me because of our current history. There's a good possibility you're going to lose this place and have no place to live. Yeah. And continue living out of your U-Haul now. Which I pay $45 a day on too. Oh my God! $45 a day for the U-Haul plus the hotel rooms you're crashing in. Yeah. So your $47,000 debt is going up by the day. Yes it is. Oh my God. I could buy a refrigerator box for us for a couple days. That would be hilarious. Right outside the station. You could sing with Opera Man every day and collect your breakfast money. I'm not going to do that. Without the credit card it wouldn't be possible. Oh really? I wouldn't be able to have the U-Haul. You wouldn't be able to build up more debt without your credit card. Ralph has a problem with you. Ralph what's up? I went to Philadelphia every day. It was over an hour on the Amtrak Metroliner. I swore I'd never do it again. This kid's got to commute at least three times that. Does he have a clue? No. Can you tell us what county you're going to live in? I believe it's... I think it's Orange. Can you get this station from your house? We're at the outskirts of it. He's not even in the signal radius. Why are you living so far? Why honestly did you move so far away? It was a joint decision. What you smoked a bunch of joints and decided to move far away from your place of work? No. I decided I needed to change. I needed to get out of the Iona town. It was convenient for Erica. So what the hell? Wyoming sounded good to me. How is it convenient for Erica? How is Erica's commute every day? 15 minutes. Aren't you learning anything from him? You're not learning anything from him? And all of a sudden everything erupted. Oh my God. Oh my God. Spaz, what are you doing? We talked about it for a couple of hours. What is Erica's job? How much money does she bring home? It ranges. From what? She's a stockbroker. What does she do? Real estate tycoon. What line of work is she in? You're not telling me where she works. She gets the 15 minute commute and you get well over two hours. People are starting to say on the screen here, she's in the eatery business. The eatery business. She's a waitress. Could be. I don't know. Wait, you don't know what Erica does for a living? I do know, but I'm not saying. If she's in the eatery business, it's either a waitress or a hooker. Does she serve food? Spaz. Does she serve food? That's a good line. She serves food. That's what she does. You, on the other hand, are in a job where it is a career. You are starting a career. Very stressful. You take a lot of abuse on the show. Would it have been easier for her to have been a cook? Would it have been easier for her to get a job closer to your job or for you to get a job like you have here closer to where you're living now? That's another question. What? That's what I'm saying. The answer is it's impossible for you to get a job like this anywhere else. Wouldn't it be easier for her to get a new job somewhere else closer to the city? Yes. After talking to her about it, we decided to move up there. We or Spaz? She made the decision. Let's put it this way. After a few hours, we decided to move up there. You're not learning anything. It's a nice place for me. I'm over here now. You're way over there now. We're over here. You're way over there. We're over here now. You've got to be closer to where we're at. You can't be over there when we're over here. Spaz, you know what this is? It's a sign from our Lord Jesus Christ. The Lord is telling you, you can't move over there. You've got to go over here now. Ponderous. F'ing ponderous. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I'm over here now. Wow. This is a sign. It wasn't good for you to move over there. So now you have to look for a place that is in the same time zone as the station. You shouldn't have to reset your watch as you drive to work. Spaz, you're nuts. You're going to be on four trains every day. What state are you closest to? You're going to be useless to us. We're closer to Connecticut, I believe. Yea, we're near the Connecticut-New Jersey border type thing. Oh my! Do you want to let me know the border? I know what he's talking about. That's way up there. Wait a minute. It's on the New Spaz map, the Connecticut-Jersey border. I know what he's trying to say. It's way up there. It's right on the Texas-Montana border. Dude, we're just stupefied again. It's a hop, skip and a jump from Trenton and San Francisco. And you're not even in the place where you're living out of a U-Haul truck in city hotels right now. Yea, it's very embarrassing. Wow. Spaz, man, what are you doing? You can't move there. You know what that commute is going to cost you per week? Did you figure that out? I haven't been to the train station to figure out the price yet. Somebody could probably figure it out. Somebody's train savvy. Tell us the trains. There's a lot of commuters out there that could do some quick figuring for you. Short line, path and regular subway. Well, regular subway, obviously, $1.50. $1.60 a month for the MTA. $1.60 a month for the MTA. The path's what? Another buck each way. So that's another $1.60 a month. We're talking a buck twenty. I was originally paying $125 per month to ride the Metro. We're only up to $120. You haven't even tried the other two trains. It's got to be close to $200 easily. It's got to be. Spaz, why don't you get something close? I can't. Why? Does Erica have a car? Yes. Oh! No! So... Beat it! Beat it! People, just get... Stupid! You're so stupid! Stupid! You're so stupid! Stupid! I don't get it. She's got a car! She's got a car! And she's only got to drive fifteen minutes! Spaz, she's got a car. Her commute is fifteen minutes with the car. You're on a train for hours on end spending hundreds of dollars for this commute. And it was a mutual decision? Four hours a day! And she pays nothing for the commute. How was this decided upon? How did she... You don't learn anything. Spaz, how did you get this? How did you both come up that this was the best thing? She told me it was. I really don't know. I just thought it... It just sounded... I don't know. It sounded good? It sounded good for you to commute like four hours a day? Spaz, you're being a doormat, man. I didn't think it would be that bad. It sounded good for me to commute four hours a day and she commutes a total of a half hour a day. I just want her to be happy. I'll move to where she's a mystery food server. I'll move hours away from my... hopefully a career. That's still to be determined. Your finances are in a tizzy right now, yet you're going to shell out hundreds of dollars just to commute. Where she has a car where if you moved here and she got another job in the food serving industry, she could probably find a job so close where she could commute with her car, very easily. I don't understand. This is totally against you. I want her to be happy. It's important to... Spaz, that's very noble of you, but I'll tell you something. There's a line between making someone happy and being a doormat. I'm not a doormat. You're being a doormat. How else do you... How else do you... How else do you feel? I don't say yes, dear, every time. I put my foot down on things. Oh, you put your foot down. Like what? Not on the gas pedal or a car to drive to work. Like what? Because there's give and takes in all relationships. So you gave into this one. For what? Well, I get to choose what we eat for dinner sometimes. Sometimes? Even that is a sometimes. Even that is a sometimes. Where we go, what movement we're going to see. Sometimes I get to choose what movement we're going to drive. The big decisions. You should have those decisions anyway. Those decisions are just like, you know, whatever. That's what... In a relationship, you know. You get to choose some things. But not where you live and how you get to work. No. Well, it was mutual to be both... How was it mutual? What side of the argument did you have that it was mutual? That it was mutual. It was a change of pace from where I was living. Anything could be a change of pace. It's a big city. You can move to another area. You don't have to move to another state to have a change of pace. You can move to the next town over. It puts a bigger smile on her face to be up there. It puts a bigger smile on her face to be up there. That's what's important to me. Alright. She's near her family and her friends. It's important. It's important to her so it's important to me. It's important to her so it's important to me. Oh my God. Alright. I'm on a doormat. Spazz, the way this is sounding, it's sounding like you are doing something that really isn't in your best interest. I'm not saying it is or it isn't. I'm not saying that. I'm saying it sounds like you're doing something that even you know is not in your best interest. Well, I'll find it out when I take the community for the first time. Let us know how long it is. Let us know how long it is. This is all a moot point if you can't get this place. Oh yeah, because I don't even know where I'm living yet. Now if you can't get this place, are you going to look for something maybe closer? After having a little more time to think this out? Yeah, you guys should talk about it again. If you don't get this place, this might be a little crazy and work out, but let's move maybe 20 minutes closer to the city. You're still kind of close to your family and friends and my commute won't be as bad. I guess we can do that. I guess we can do that. At least, you know, just move into my building. Regis! I live over there on Amsterdam. It's wonderful, community up there. A lot of celebrities in the building. Alright, Spaz. Well, let us know if you get this place. But in the meantime, Spaz is living out of a U-Haul truck and city hotel rooms. Motel rooms, how much is the hotel tonight? $100. $100, $45 a day for the U-Haul. Plus tax. Now, how long are you going to just wait with your stuff in the U-Haul before you hear something? Are you going to wait until you hear something from them or are you going to make a concerted effort to find a place? I'm making calls, realtors, I'm making calls. This is one realtor is being really great. Yeah. So, she's just having a problem with other people. That are trying to get my apartment. Spaz, you're watching your U-Haul every night, right? That's the one I'm just waiting for. I'm being totally honest. It's big, you know. There's criminals out there, that's all they do, is find U-Hauls. Breaking U-Hauls and stealing. From people that are moving into the area for the first time or whatever. I have a bicycle combination locked. Holy! There's nothing gets through those, Opie. Don't be stupid. I guarantee within a couple days, all your stuff's gone. This isn't even a bit anymore. It's part of a whole... Yeah, that's like the stomping ground of people that rip off U-Hauls or hotels. They know it's people that are traveling. There's always the story on the news of the person that's moving into the area for the first time. They left the U-Haul, they were tired, they went into a hotel room. How big? And the next day, the U-Haul is either gone or they just take your stuff right there in the parking lot. How big a truck? It's a 14-inch truck. It's a very small truck, Opie. 14-inch truck. It's a 14-inch truck. What do you got? Your Barbie clothes in there? No, no, it's a 14-foot... Oh, it's waiting. It's torture! A 14-inch truck, okay. And does it have doors on the side or just one in the back? Yeah, one in the back. And the plates are not even New York plates. Okay, and now... You know what? This isn't a bit... Don't give out details, man! Now, how do you park this vehicle? Do you park it with the door against a wall? That would be stupid. Why would that be stupid? Why? That way they can't get into the back. I gotta get into it every morning. Well, you move it. You move it up and get into it or else it's not going to be anything. Whenever you have a U-Haul truck or something and you're going to be leaving it for any time, you find a wall or something and you back the thing and you've raised it so no one could get to the back door. That's like your first line of defense. I should do that then. That's a good thing to do. The 14-inch truck. Thank you, Spaz. Oh my God. The emails. I can't even read these. We can't even read them. This isn't even a bit. Yeah, this is not even a bit. You're going to lose your stuff. Do you realize that? I don't want to make you paranoid, but maybe that will make you wake up. If you're not getting a place for a while and you're going to be living out of this U-Haul, somebody is going to take the chance of getting your stuff. People do this for a living. There's criminals out there that do this for a living. Not to make you paranoid, but the stories are all over the news all the time. We should have parked it then. Against the wall, I guess. That's not a good thing, but... Oh my God. Everyone is just saying, Dormat, Dormat. Anthony, I like the articulation of moot point as opposed to Spaz's. It didn't sound like a Jew point. I wasn't even trying. There you go. Spaz is moving on up, Anthony. Moving on up to Connecticut or Chicago. I don't know where the hell. But he's moving on up. Whoa, whoa! Dormat! That's torture! Okay, terrific. How would you like to move by law? Huh? I'm moving in now. It's... It's the Shalimar! The Shalimar! The Shalimar! The Shalimar! The Shalimar! The Shalimar! The Shalimar! It's... Whoa! Hey! Hey! Whoa! Whoa! Hey! Hey! Whoa! Whoa! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! easily at make it easily accessible by the speaking of wow uh... we have another well sticker stop today pretty much every day we're gonna be doing this we're gonna be trying to hit all the areas that uh... listen to the only show and i today uh... right about now they should be arriving uh... black are all should be arriving at fidelity diamond route seventeen south in paramis new jersey should be there for at least an hour handing out well sticker so if you're in the area stop lines and see you're okay cool and i would have talked about fidelity down there right now and think he has something if you want to enter the wonderful world of holy matrimony planet uh... uh... yeah and then that's funny well if you want to make the plunge it and is this part of uh... your settlement that you have to read the keys uh... that's right uh... uh... if you're going to make the plunge now you might as well do one thing right now if you're going to be making if you're going to go on to make the biggest mistake of your life you might as well do something right charge and that's trying to uh... fidelity diamond yeah engagement ring specialist and why are they being gatorine specials well i'll be they make sure you get the best by uh... they educate you about diamonds is going to be one of the biggest investments you make in your life and uh... you're going to want to know a little bit about diamonds you can just go to the department store and pick one out that's already set you know at the bottom of it looks like these people are you pick your own diamond out of fidelity diamond uh... you pick the setting you watch them mounted they don't want to mount the white house like a good uh... uh... yes you can't help it it's waiting set while you watch they educate you about diamonds open to fidelity time we've had a bunch of listeners go there and they said you know the one thing about uh... going to fidelity diamond you walk out of place and and you really feel like it you got a good deal and and you're convinced you didn't get ripped off which is really important then you're on the road to happiness there you go to the spending and as little money on this and you should uh... make sure it's done right right anthony johnson alright i give tom coliseo call president fidelity diamond for confidential appointment at two oh one two six one six five five five that's two oh one two six one six five five or if you're in the area you can stop by right now get your uh... your well sticker and say hi uh... the time again okay i'm okay i'm a seventeen south in parama's the wild and should be there right now with black girl handing out well stickers okay fidelity diamond give them a call two oh one two six one six five five five uh... self-respect or two help your family all three of them you any of you uh... listeners coming up with the stuff that i have to do yeah like the book on the incident feedback and he's doing a lot of read for fidelity diamond is almost as bad as psycho mark to a live report anti drug alcohol if that's true i get that well we have a we have our uh... our daily problem anthony yes i think that he will explain that what's going on uh... well i brought me seventeen-year-old some of it to get his well stickers that's his birthday today happy birthday i'd be a good mom and to this but that's a guy that has a story next door to this jury place and he wants to tell everybody's cause and i think every panel truck in new jersey is pulling in his truck and play house and we don't see our own uh... we're hoping he's better at driving and dating so but that that that that i would call the guys are all would get lost he gets lost wherever he drives a and and he was supposed to be there for obviously is late probably lost our other listening to us give us a call tells you know how far away you are from a philoderm with the way i would have a lot uh... and shanada uh... that's a i'm sure i'm going to have to have to thank you okay that's actual audio overall in the van trying to find a fidelity diamond pearl from the road hundred people at fidelity diamond where the hell is there are now people getting pissed david what's going on and then what we have a hundred people of their way for a working well we told you the guy doesn't know how to try to get lost wherever he goes of course he's lost somewhere and i don't think it'll be better for them to come out here while waiting yet i think that from seventeen yeah if you're if you're driving past fidelity diamond is a bunch of uh... while supporters waiting to get their stickers ladies want you out of them a quick flash of the way on the way by uh... fidelity diamond okay thank you david right right pearl doesn't want to be on the air once go find out what he wants he's lost somewhere i guarantee he's lost again and they have course i'd date what's going on here in the big banner on the northern state a wild banner hanging off of the bridge by post avenue how we love that's that the wild virus are starting to spread and today it's like a nice like a king size sheet just give this a few weeks you're not going to believe what you see out there unbelievable i have a small plane i was wondering i could drop some stickers for you that's a good idea i think that's against the uh... f a regulations and they don't know the name of my plan well we appreciate the support but we'll get the stickers out there indication on the ground yes thank you david right now is calling back is he going on the air with us you better he better is right is only done on the air uh... okay here we go uh... what on or i want to go there and what's going on the top of our lives hanging up because he's afraid you guys you know i mean it's just a lot of what is the idiot we get him on the friggin phone and tell me is coming on the air or just get carol called the day radio happy happy about it there's a lot of white neighborhood uh... what is wrong with him what's the gotten so pissed when he finally realized he was locked why would you get why and he's when i get mad at me gets lost every day every time we work we know that's gonna happen was sent about come on the jellyn calling jesus are also be calling any second and think believable but cast the characters we have on this show all my god somebody making a suggestion for spas and what's that instead of going uh... out to the u-haul for a close every morning spas you're going to be there a few days patrick you know i don't think that i don't know what he's like may ever see that bugs money we have seventy sam keeps going back to the ship for one that's one that's a good book by any strikes a matching of the light the wood bugs blows it out now i gotta go back to the shipping get another match your bar mit uh... in the shark is nip it out of the uh... you've been flat and flounders hammerhead and how about it shovel nose mackerel uh... as it's bad as like i love cartoon voices uh... bed i believe rick is trying to get world to talk to us who will not talk to us summary that's unacceptable to our own if he doesn't come on the air with us we will get a fire yeah we have the family to have power around here what is it he's lost somewhere this is it breaks out there talking to line all this is what we have to deal with every own for a long time speaks a lot of the early we told everyone he would get lost of course you busi distinctive course you'll disorgin slots yet dist congested going What is this man? I think we got audio of Earl lost somewhere in Jersey, Anthony. I'm over here now. Yeah, but Earl, you've got to tell us where you are so the people can get their wow stickers. I'm over here now. Alright, let's see. Earl, Earl. What is this? Earl, come on man, what's the matter? You can't find Fidelity Diamond? I finished my free record, I'm not driving. Who is? Tony Blomfield is driving. Stop! Stop the long way! Alright, so... There's some guy yelling at me in the van. I'm trapped right now. I love that. The listeners have found the wow van and they're just yelling at you. They're just pummeling me. Why don't you get a police escort to Fidelity Diamond or something? How far are you? We are not lost. Alright, somebody is saying they just spotted the wow van at the tunnel. Why aren't you taking the tunnel? We told you to take the bridge today. We're not taking the tunnel. We're on 17 now. You're on 17 south. How far are you from Fidelity Diamond? Ten minutes tops. Ten minutes tops? Yes. You sure? Yes. Alright, Earl. Have you passed Red Lobster? We're approaching it now. Red Lobster. Help me! Help me! Help me! Somebody help me! Help me! Help me! Help me! God bless Cleveland Little. Alright, well Earl, you have a lot of fans at Fidelity Diamond. They're patiently waiting for their wow stickers. We're 17 south, Paramus, New Jersey. Yeah, we'll be there in a few minutes. Alright. Okay. How long until you leave? I know. Call us when you get there. We've got so much hell getting out of the city. Yeah? That's a God's honest truth. Alright. Next time you call the radio show, you're going to want to turn down your radio, okay? I didn't turn it up. I'm talking to you. Alright. Thank you, Earl. Okay. We'll see you in a few minutes. Alright. Let's go to Manny real fast. Manny, what's going on? Manny? Yo. What's up, Manny? Hey, man. It's Earl Oren going bit, man, to make all brothers look stupid, man. How hard is it, man? To get wow stickers to the listeners, man. That's it. It's not a tough job, right, Manny? He makes good money, man. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. I'm sure. 100,000 listeners out there could do that, man. He's bitching and complaining every day. Yeah. All he has to do is open up envelopes and put a wow sticker in the self-addressed stamped envelope and send it off to the mail. He's bitching about that. He can't find Fidelity Diamond today. Hey, hey, hey. Oh, hey, what's the problem? Hey, this is Black Manny, the angry black man. Yeah. We know Manny. How are you, buddy? Is this an ongoing bitch, fellas? Let me know, man. It's a lot of listeners that want to know, man. Earl, for real and not, man. Manny? Manny, you meant the man, the myth, the legend, black. Black Earl. The whiteest black man. Do you think it's a bit, Manny? He's the whitest black man I ever met in my life. And what makes it worse than that, he always wears black. Yeah. That's why we call him Black Earl. Well, guys, that's it. He's doing a hell of a job. All right. Thanks, Manny. I don't have a wow sticker. I don't think brothers get wowed anyway, but it's all good. All right. Cool. All right, Sal. Later, Manny. Come by and see us soon, all right? No doubt, baby. All right. What's up, Psycho Mark? What's the problem? Well, Ben wants me to be the black man. He wants me to be the black man. Well, Ben wants me to tell you how Earl hands out wow stickers. How does he hand them out? Very slow. Oh, really? Here you go. He's busy talking to like five people. Here you go. It's like five cars backing up traffic and he's just sitting there, babble, babble, babble, babble. Here you go. Here's the sticker. Here you go. And he'll hand out one or two. Rather than four or five. He's the tortoise, Anthony. Ouch. Here's your wow sticker. No, no, no, no. Here's your wow sticker. Okay, brother. Ouch. There you go. Okay, let's see. Here's your wow sticker. We've got that mess going on but they should be there soon. Somebody help me! Help me! Help me! Audio of Earl taken today. The job is getting to him. He can't open all the envelopes that have the self-addressed Santa envelopes for the wow stickers. Come on, how about a good old nigger work song? Oh Jesus! Donk that chink a day's pay for napping on the job. Yes sir! Goddamn blazing saddles man. I told you boys to build a railroad not jump around like a bunch of Kansas City faggots. Okay Mr. Taggart. I can't read that. What in the wide wide world of sports is going on here? You use your tongue pretty or in a twenty dollar whore? Slim Pickens is a genius. Alright Ann, we've got to take a break. Real fast, Mike P from Hoboken. Hey Toxic Twins. I'm stuck here at work and every once in a while I look at the Indian message board you talked about yesterday. We fans can do much better. Please give out the address again. The address is www.indolink.com. Right? Yeah. Is it Indolink? Indiolink. Indiolink.com. This guy had it wrong. Indiolink.com and you go to the forums section. Yeah, Steve from the unofficial Opien Anthony website has the link on his page too. I was laughing so hard last night. I went online and started reading through some of these. No, no Psycho Markets. It's not dothead.com. Well Anthony, let's take a break and you brought in some of the messages that were left on the message board. It is, I was laughing my ass off. Our listeners are funny as mother f'ers but the people on this message board that were responding to our listeners cannot speak English. The terminology they use is classic. I printed out a few. They're really funny. All right, we'll explain the whole thing next. Stay there. The Opien Anthony Show. Others debauchery on the way. Stay there. 1027 WNEW. Hey Amy, real fast. We're in the middle of a break here. What's going on? Are you talking to me? Yeah. Oh, okay. I'm sorry. It's all right. I'm on Route 17 south right now and there's a ton of traffic. Really? Yeah. So it's not all his fault. It's not all Earl's fault. He should be there any moment now. Okay. All right. Thank you Amy. No problem. A lot of people saying like it's a parking lot. Nick, what's going on? Hey guys. Hey. Route 17 is a freaking parking lot, man. I'm telling you this. Cops all over the place. There's a bunch of people in front of the place and now there's tow trucks coming. I don't know what's going on with the tow trucks but I see three of them right now. All right. And there's a whole bunch of people in front of the place right now. Cool. This is great. You guys are awesome. You guys kick butt, bro. Any ladies driving, you know, Route 17 south near Fidelity Diamond, give the gang a flash as you drive by. Yeah. They've been waiting a long time for Black Earl to show up. So well thank you, Nick. All right. No problem, guys. All right, man. Let's go to Chris real fast and then we got to get back into the commercials here. Chris, what's going on? Yo. All right. I live in Anglewood right by the Route 17. And the trucks are going like really, really slow. It's painfully slow. There's no way he's getting there in 10 minutes. All right. So, Earl, we'll check in with us in a little while. But thank you for that, Chris. Okay. Syndication on the ground. Yes. Anthony, Rockaway Bedding. Yes. I love Rockaway Bedding. Our own spaz should use Rockaway Bedding, but he doesn't know where to deliver it. Maybe that's his problem. Rockaway Bedding, 130 stores throughout New York and New Jersey. Oh, he couldn't use it. He's in Chicago now, isn't he? Yes, he is. Pretty much. Brand name matches. His ceiling service, Stern & Foster. It prizes up to 65% below department store regular prices. It's the only area mattress store that offers a free steel bed frame, free delivery, free complete removal of your old stained bedding. And they guarantee you a better night's sleep with your new mattress. That's why you bought it, isn't it? Hmm? Shop at one of Rockaway Bedding's area stores or give them a call. 1-800-TRIABED. That's 1-800-TRIABED. Rockaway Bedding, the best and friendliest place to get your brand name mattress with the best prices and free service. Give them a call now. Rockaway Bedding, 1-800-TRIABED. 1-800-TRIABED. Rockaway Bedding, the official provider of mattresses for Anthony and Jane Moore. Well, Anthony, the show is at a standstill right now because everyone is just freaking out. They're waiting for Earl to arrive at Fidelity Diamond, Route 17 South, Brems, New Jersey. Billy supposedly is right behind the WOW van. Billy? Yo! It's your Chuck and Billy, I called you before about the WOW? Yeah. Hey, listen. Those guys were so full of crap. They were pulling your leg. I just let them in in front of me. I'm on the phone with Julia right in front of me right now. I'm escorting them in. Well, actually, I'm following them in. Okay. We're just at the Route 4-17 interchange. So how far is that from Fidelity? I'd say about a good 15-20 minutes with the traffic. Come on. I'm telling you, he's waving at me now. Is he really? Yes, he is. He's not getting here full of stickers, though. Earl's a liar. He was telling us a few minutes ago, oh, I'm only 10 minutes from the place. I'll be there real soon. Full of crap. Full of crap. All right, Billy, thank you for that update. All right, boss. Now people are just following the wow van to the Fidelity diamond, Anthony. Yeah. Well, that's the best way to get Earl there. Talk him in. Everyone is just screaming on the phone lines that they got their car phones. Where's Earl? When will he be here? All right, Anthony, let's get into the enemy of the show. Yeah, this pops up from time to time. We're trying to do this politically incorrect show, and from time to time we get the organizations and people that are just so pissed off and they get all their people together to attack this fine radio program, right, Anthony? Of course. So we have decided, you know, instead of just sitting there and taking it like a lot of other jocks do, we have decided, you know what, we have an army ourselves, we'll attack back. Yeah. And you never want to be enemy of the show, right? No, no. Okay. Enemy of the show. Is just not a good thing. No. We have the latest enemy of the show, this poor little message board. Sorry, I was distracted by what? One of Psycho Mark's favorite websites, I guess, airdisaster.com. You are a sick piece of work. You're showing me like pictures of aircraft that are just in positions they should not be in. There's one just sideways and another one on fire coming in. They have footage and stuff of the place. They have video ones and voice recordings. And what, they send you an email when there's a disaster? Is that true? They email me today. There's a crash in Africa and in Tibi, Africa. And DC 10 just crashed. Not that anyone's going to care. So if you're part of airdisaster.com, you give them your email and stuff. They email you every time there's a plane crash. They email you every time there's a plane crash. If there's one in Africa, it probably was one of those Flintstone planes made out of a pterodactyl with a log on its back. Airdisaster.com. Okay. That's not right. Tell Earl to hang up. He keeps calling the show. Yeah, we've had it with Earl. Earl, stop calling the show and get to... Thank you. Now he's hanging up. Okay. Anyway, Anthony, enemy of the show. Help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. We have a microphone in the wow van and every time we pod it up, it's Earl just freaking out. He can't find the damn place. He's losing his mind. Enemy of the show. Yeah. Well, it turns out... Remember about... What was that? About two months ago? Yeah. Three months ago or so. I called a car service because my truck was being worked on and I had a lot of problems getting a car. It took four hours of me standing on 57 with my cell phone in my hand yelling at the dispatcher saying, he's not here. Where is he? And the guy in the car telling the dispatcher, I'm right here waiting. Like, no, he's not. And I was so pissed. I went on the next day and just unloaded. Well, the car finally showed up four hours later. This is the key to the story. Yeah, yeah. You were so pissed off. Anthony doesn't really get that pissed off in public anyway. But you were so pissed off, the guy decided that he was not going to drive you. Yeah, I threw my bag in the back of the car. I slammed the door. I'm like, well, thanks for showing up. And he's like, get out of my car. Get out of my car. Right. I said, no, you're taking me home. You're a mother. So after all that, you came in the next day, livid. Yeah. And you said all Pakistanis must die. Well, the Pakistani guy that was driving was a real obnoxious asswipe. And we got on the phone with the dispatcher from the company. And he said, yeah, this guy's just a jerk off. So I kind of made a blanket statement that I can't stand all Pakistanis. Which people do when they're just outraged. They say stupid things and stuff. Not that I need to explain for you, but I think we've all been there where you just yell at a whole race of people because that one person cut you off in traffic. I'm not saying that they're all like this. I'm just saying a lot of them don't shower. It's kind of offensive to get next to some of these people that do not shower. I heard that it's a sign of their manhood, their smell. That's what I heard. Yeah. Well, and you know, of course, there's some that shower. I made a blanket statement and I don't care. This one woman on the India link dot com forum board just was living. She like unleashed a holy war against us. Oh, yes, she did. So we made the website and her an enemy of the show, which is just not not good when that happens. We don't break out an enemy of the show often. But when we do, it gets ugly. And our listeners responded. Yes. And oh, my goodness gracious. It's just good reading. Besides being the enemy of the show, you check out some of the posts, you'll laugh your butt off all night long reading this stuff. A lot of them just the title post, you know, no real substance to it. But a lot of appearances by Dice on the board last night just saying, I'm over here now. A few from Sylvester Stallone saying, hey, Pakistanian crap on me. There were like every character, a lot of OK, terrific. And then a few letters that were actually pretty good. We got from some listeners. But the response from our onslaught from the people that are on the sport on a daily basis. Unbelievable. Take this one from Tipu. Opie Tipu. I don't know what as you come from. You have very wrong crowd to mess with that very soon are going to find if you don't stop your hooliganism here. Let this be first warning. The administration can wipe all your hard work in a second. Like you are only American, you son of unknown father, of which there is no birth record who just evolved from the waste of the East River. Why? Well, we got a few a few postings from guys after that letter that were just laughing their asses off. They're like, I'm laughing so hard because you don't understand English. One of our fans wrote, kiss this message for goodbye. The only listeners know what I'm talking about. And boy, you guys struck. How about this? Um, make no mistake, no regret. I am already hacking your computers and will trace you to your home. Yay, we have such capability. We hacked into Pentagon. You are piece of cake. So warn your buddies. There is a gay waiting for you who hasn't had Yankees fan since New Year's Eve. What? Yeah, if you didn't get that. We have hacked into Pentagon. You are piece of cake. So warn your buddies. There is a gay waiting for you who hasn't had Yankees fan since New Year's Eve. Boing, dang, bang, ching, fling. I'm just reading through some of these. They are really funny. And then after reading a few of these, this guy that is called OK, terrific wrote, um, I could go on reading what you write for days. Doesn't mean it'll make any sense. I'll tell you what. Why don't you let the others respond to this? At least they can type English. You're typing gibberish. All it's going to do is give me a headache. And the woman that started this whole thing, Shiksa girl on this site, she's being defended by some of the men on there. Don't think she is alone. If you want to make a statement about your O and E, we will listen, but no crap and no harassment of ladies. Let's see what you are terrific in, rational or stupidity, irrationality or immaturity. I could go on describing you. Exclamation point. Are you almost done? I got one more. All right, then read it because this show is just a mess today. I love when the show is a mess. Go ahead. Go ahead. Read the last one. Last one from Tipu again. Keep away from ladies. First warning. So it is about terrorizing one girl. Shame on you, O and E. You don't have guts to talk to real Indian who have conquered and cowed you all without war. Incredible? I think so. What is he saying? I don't know. And now the threat. If you don't keep your talk to real men, you can expect a nuclear bomb on your hideout. Yes, we have it, including our neighbor Pakistan. I have heard you like it in their bed. They make no sense. It's very funny. But the Pakistanis are enemy of the show. The Pakistani message board. indialink.com. Their motto, we put the dot in dot head. Or we put the dot com in dot head. While people are starting to check it out and they're laughing their nuts off right now, some of the, yeah, some of the, it's really good. Like it's so funny because they can't really speak English. And there's only like, before our listeners got there, there were like five people on this message board. Yeah, there were like 15 hits to this website. It's hysterical. Now there's hundreds upon hundreds. Yeah. So there you go. What is it again? What's the website? indialink.com. Go to the forum section. And the unofficial site has the link. www.foundrymusic.com. And I was laughing in the middle of that because people just freaking out. We can't give Earl the tough jobs anymore. Listen to this. You're going to die. You're going to die. Wait, now, Nash, before you say anything, let me just tell everyone that Earl is about 40 minutes late. He's supposed to be at Fidelity Diamond. It's the Wow sticker stop for today. He could get the brand new Wow stickers at Fidelity Diamond, Route 17 South, Paramus. Articulate. Nash, you've got an update. What is it? Hey, we just saw Earl driving northbound about 10 minutes away from the place. He's going to be another half an hour because he's going to be sitting in the traffic. And we were just sitting in. Oh, help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. Well, there's actual audio of Earl trying to figure out where the hell Fidelity Diamond is, Anthony. Oh, help me. Let's go to Dave. Dave, what's going on? Excuse me. It kept on going. We all honked. Everybody's going nuts out here. How can he miss a place where there's people honking? There's a crowd of northbound. And you can't just turn into the place. He's got to find a U-turn. He's got to find on any side street off of 17, it says U-turn. No, no, no. He's going to go back over 17 to come back. Do what he says. Do what he says. All right, Dave, thank you. No problem. All right, so we're getting reports that Earl is going the wrong way. Oh, help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. And you and I should get an award for hiring all these damn retards. Hiring the handicapped. Oh, my God. All right, let's go to Earl. He's calling back. Earl. All right, so we're getting reports that Earl is going the wrong way. Earl. You. Turn down the F in radio, you stupid idiot. Turn it down. I'm driving it down. So where are you, Earl? I'm about to pull in. About to pull in. Yes. There's at least a thousand people there. There's at least a thousand people there. Oh, I forgot the stickers. They're terrific. Yeah, people are bringing signs. The last time I was full of crap was the time you took it. I scared the shit out of me. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'll do that. All right. All right, as you can hear, I have kind of hugging. We're about to pull in and we will get out of. About to pull in. Earl, if you shut up, I'll hear all the cars honking. So shut up for a second. Wow, and listen to all those cars. He's not even here. He's not even here. Earl, you lying piece of ass. I'm not even here. I don't hear one car honking. What are you talking about? I'm not even here. Well, that doesn't mean the cars are. Jesus Christ. Earl, where the hell are you? One second. No! Earl, where the hell are you? One second. Back to the next car. And go. There's nothing you can do. I guess I hear a few people honking now, thank you. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Help me, help me, help me, somebody help me, help me, help me. Alright, let's go to John. The show has been halted once again. John? Yes? Where the hell is Zero? I have no idea. I'm on 17 right now, right in front of the going car button. Oh man. I had to hang up on you man, your phone's stuck. Well we're getting a bunch of people that are saying that. Ah, Reed, what's going on? Yeah, he's full of crap. We're all standing here in the parking lot and he's nowhere near us. He's a lying sack. He's a lying piece of crap. You want to hear some people scream? Yeah, let's hear it. There you go, that's some people. Guys, I got some bad news for Earl. He's going to be the only black guy here. What do you want to do here, Chris? Alright, Reed, thank you. Very good. We got Earl back on the phone. Okay, I'm here at Fidelity Diamond. You can hear the crowd behind me. Hello. I'm handing out stickers now by the thousands of the people very joyous here and happy to see me. Oh boy. Take a look, take a look here. I think it's around the corner. Yes, sir, so happy to get their last sticker. Oh brother. Alright, this guy has the wild van right in front of him. Mark, what's going on? Yeah, I'm right behind him, guys. Alright, and where is he? Alright, he's 17th South, man. He just cleared the Garden State Parkway, so he should be coming up on Fidelity in a minute. What are you, a cop? I'm a cop. I'm a cop. I'm a cop. I'm a cop. I'm a cop. I'm a cop. I'm a cop. I'm a cop. I'm a cop. I'm a cop. I'm a cop. I'm a cop. No. I'm a cop, so I'm waiting for them to raid the place. Alright, thank you, Mark. Alright, bye. Alright, this guy, Fred, has a sign. Fred, what does your sign say? There's a big sign over here that says, Earl, stop here. He missed it. You've got to talk to me. He missed the sign. I don't know where it is. We're going to have a contest. Alright, well, thank you, Fred. Okay. We're going to have a contest. What takes longer, for Earl to get to Fidelity Diamond or for Spaz to get to his new pad? Yeah. Anthony, I got Earl back on the phone. Alright. Earl, where are you? I'm over here now. You tricked me there. I'm over here now. No, that's Earl. Where, Earl? I'm over here now. I don't know. I seem to think he's in trouble. I have him on the phone right here. Help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. I guess they're pulling in. Wow, we had the audio of Earl actually probably just passing the place again. Earl. Yeah. That phone's awful. What? Yeah, hi, Earl. What? It looks like Earl has made it to Fidelity Diamond, Anthony. Yeah, and so has the big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big, big. They made it! That buttuhullleave. They're going crazy! My God. I know how very ProvenceLAUGHS like that. The Moz elements. What's up, almost Hyper earthquake. True, I try to put myself in that United States, and I feel pretty good about analysis by 18 I was on the George Washington Bridge when he said he was ten minutes away. Yeah, I know. It looks like he finally has arrived though. Did you guys warn the cops about this? There's a cop like every three feet. Oh, really? They got raped before the parking lot and they're blocking the lot. Let's say hi to the Paramus Police Department. They're my favorite police force in the Tri-State area. I don't think that'll help you. They're ball busters. All right, John, thank you. No problem. All right. Well, we didn't know there was going to be a crowd. We thought a few people would show up for their brand new wow sticker, right, Anthony? Yeah. These things are a hot commodity. Yes, they are. If you can't get to one of these sticker stops, we're doing them pretty much every day this week. Yeah. You know, you can send in the self-addressed stamp down below or you could go to the participating Ranch One locations and pick up your stickers. I want to talk to Earl again, but his phone sucks. That phone blows. Oh, he's on the phone. Do we have him? Yeah. Hey, Earl. I'm over here now. Did I get you again, Ian? Did I get you again, Ian? Yeah. That is my favorite. That's my favorite dude clip. How many people are going to start saying, I'm over here now? I'm over here now. The first time he said that to us last week, it didn't make any sense, but now it makes perfect sense. Now I think it's really funny. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. All right. Well, I am having such trouble getting on India Link. Well, because everyone is pounding it now. I know. I want to check it out. We got to take a quick break. Earl circled Paramus 20 times. Route 17 backed up for many miles. I hope someone is snapping some pictures. Yes, snap some pictures for the unofficial Opie and Anthony website. We'd love to see the scene out there. All right, Anthony. Let's take a break. Let us do that, Opie. Still lots of radio show to do today. We are going to replay the dice call from yesterday because it was really, really weird. I'm over here now. He called in to thank us. He said that Ant and I have inspired him to move on with his career. He was dangerously close to sounding like a born-again Christian. Yes, but he gave us some really, really funny stuff. Christ the Lord is my savior over here. See my heart? Christ is over here now. All right, Ant, before we go to break, let's check in with Blacker. Live from Fidelity Diamond. Earl! I'm over here now! That's like the OK terrific. It just doesn't get old. I love it. Help me! Help me! Help me! Somebody help me! Help me! Help me! Opie, I'm on the IndiaLink.com forum board. Yes, enemy of the show. Enemy of the show, yes. From Dice, I'm over here now. I'm dying over here from Pharma. Naked Charlie. Naked Charlie checking in. In Schicks's pants. What a tool from Dr. Smith. New game, let's make Schicks a cry. Formal apology from ONA. And it's from Crap Weasel, so I'm sure it's sincere. If I would have opened that one up. Good job, guys. Goddamn. All right, I love this goddamn show. We'll be back, stay there. Opie and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. It's the Opie and Anthony Show, 212757 1027. We're kind of in the middle of a commercial break here. We'll talk for a couple minutes, then we gotta take a break. Regroup and get the show back on track here, Anthony. Phil is saying we shouldn't get mad at Earl for getting lost on his way to Crudelity Diamond. No. About the Wasteggers. Maybe Spazgate in directions. Paramus is right next to the Connecticut-South American-New Jersey border. We all know how complicated that area is. That's pretty good. Still to come on the show today, Anthony. You know, we were going to play Stoner Spelling Bee, but now that we're a little too busy now, we got too much stuff to get to. Yeah. In a little while, we gotta talk about Evil Knievel. He's endorsing a new product. Yeah, wait till you hear what it is. You're not gonna believe it. That's on the way. Also, we're gonna replay the Dice phone call from yesterday, because it was just a very strange call, to say the least, Anthony. Where is Dice? Oh, the Dice? The...I'm over here, Dice? Where is Dice? Hold on, hold on. We gotta get it up here on my little machine here. Oh, I gotta get that over here. I'm over here now! There's Dice, Anthony. He called us yesterday. He said that, you know, last week when he called the show and he was going back and forth with J. Moore, he said, and I have inspired him to move on with his career. After that exchange with J. Moore on our show last week, he went to the comedy clubs every night. He's re-motivated. He wasn't sure if he wanted to put out a CD, but after talking to us, he has decided what the hell I'm gonna go for it. He's pumped for it. Gonna tour. We were like his therapist yesterday. Yeah. It was really, really strange. And it's definitely worth a replay. We're gonna do it sometime in the 5 o'clock hour, okay? I mean, it was real serious in the beginning and then he just made us laugh our asses off. It was serious on his side. We were just like, oh my God. Well, yeah. But then after that... I'm crazy over here now! Well, then after that, he decided to, you know, make us laugh really hard with the yam bags and all that. And some classic Dice. The midgets and all sorts of stuff. So if you missed it yesterday, it's definitely worth sticking around for. That and the Evil Can Evil on the way, okay? Yeah. And we gotta take a break, but when we were doing our little ratings party last week at Privilege, ran into a few people that asked me to play Hey Masturbator on the show. Oh, remember that? Yeah. Now, we haven't played it in a really long time, but this was our first hit, Anthony. Yep. I remember this. This was sent all over the country and... It started getting sent back to us from people saying, hey guys, check this out. You ought to play it on your show. Yeah, they thought Adam Sandler wrote this song. Yeah, that was it. We used to get the words emailed to us and said, by Adam Sandler. Why? No, no, Anthony wrote this damn song. No, this isn't Adam Sandler. It's me. It's the Masturbator song. But we sent this out and stations all over the country played it. Matter of fact, there's a bunch of morning shows right here in this fine city of ours that played the song and made believe it was theirs. Yeah, because we were in Boston at the time. We were in Boston at the time. Thought they were safe. So we couldn't yell at them because no one would have heard us back then. But no, this is our little ditty. It's old now, but what the hell? It was our first big hit. A classic now. It is a classic now. Everyone remembers the Hey Macarena song. Oh, boy. From a few years back. Are they still doing that at weddings? Hey Macarena? Probably not. I was at a wedding a month and a half ago. Yes. Oh my God. They did that. The electric slide. The chicken song. The chicken dance. Chicken dance, whatever. Hands up. Hands up. Oh yeah, they do hands up. The conga line. The conga line into the kitchen. The electric slide. You go to the weddings and you're just getting liquored up at a table watching the people trying to do that on the dance floor. And you're just like... The wedding is okay though if there's at least one real hottie to watch dancing around that's wearing something really skimpy and she's dancing. You're just waiting for a boob to fall out. No, but it makes it all worthwhile being there. But instead of seeing that it's usually like your aunt acting like she's still cool or your uncle. Hey, I'm cool. I can do the electric slide. Oh, great. What a smelly chick to follow in your room. I'm not... I'm only going to... That's funny. I'm only going to receptions. Huh? I'm only going to receptions these days. I don't care who it is. Like, if I get an invite to a wedding, I will not show up at the church and do that. I have just as most people will never show up and watch a public execution. I will never come to a church and watch anybody. I'll probably get more people with that. It's a lot less painful. Is that true? Time Warner and Disney and their cable dispute. Thank God. There you go. People missed out on Celebrity Millionaire. ABC Television will shortly be back in the air in 3.5 million cable homes. There you go. You got your ABC back, people. How did Millionaire locally get like a 25 share last night? They were number one, again, Millionaire locally in the overnights without anyone being able to watch the show. Yeah, that's a little weird. I'm stunned. Well, I got it on Long Island. Yeah. David Duchovny, just not a nice guy. Really? Yeah, Reed just was joking with him and stuff. Reed just came across... Well, he's a sarcastic kind of guy. I know, but it went over the top where even Reed just started feeling uncomfortable. Like, is he joking or is he for real? That's pretty funny, though. I wish I would have seen that. In any interviews I read with him, he seems like a pretty funny guy. Yeah, he just didn't seem happy to be there. Maybe that's it. Maybe Reed is a prick. You're going to sit in that hot seat. I'm going to ask you questions. You're going to answer. You know who's stealing the show with the Celebrity Millionaire because I am watching it? Rosie O'Donnell? No. She's trying because what's going on? You've got the celebrity in the hot seat and then all the other celebrities on the outskirts and they're all piping in. You hear Rosie's just annoying voice every five seconds, but it's not funny. Dana Carvey is stealing the show. Oh yeah? Stealing the show. Just coming up with stuff left and right. Huh? Making people laugh pretty hard. I'll have to check it out. I believe he's in the hot seat. He's in the hot seat tonight. In the hot seat, Dana Carvey. Yeah, Dana Carvey. Dana Carvey, everyone. All right, Ant, we do have to take a break. We're in the middle of a break, but the Time Warner dispute is over. You got your ABC back. Thank God, Gellman. Suck it. And it's old, but what the hell? We've had a few requests for it. It's Hey, Masturbator. Ant and I's first hit. You can find this off our DementiWorld CD if you can find that stupid CD, okay? All right. You have a better chance of finding Earl at this point. They're finding our CD. Here it is. We'll be back. We'll be back. Oh, yeah. Oh, Carter. Oh, yeah, keep this beat. Oh. I used to stay the oil low, a little faster lead. Laying down the towel so I'd keep my carpet clean. Never shake my hand, don't you don't know where it's been. Hey, Masturbator. I do it in my car while I'm driving down the street. One hand on the wheel and the other on my knee. I can't get out the car because I'm taking to the seat. Hey, Masturbator. Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Oh, what? Hey, my semester baby Are you stupid? Hey, f*** you! The Opie and Anthony Show! 1027 WNEW Alright, so maybe we're not nice to every single person that calls the radio. Oh no, but usually they deserve it. I had another outburst the other day. Do you have that little soundbite, Anthony? Where's Opie? This one has to make a promo. SHUT UP! SHUT UP! Ouch! I'm a raving lunatic. That's pretty loud, man. Okay, brother. Okay, brother. Ouch! Let's go to Brian real fast. Brian, what's going on? Hey, how you guys doing? How are you? We're over here now. I just want to let you know, I think I know why David Duchovny was a little bit upset on Regis the other day. Yeah, he just doesn't know who wants to be a millionaire. It doesn't seem like he's having fun like the rest of those... Yeah, I think it has to do with because his show is usually on the same time and it's killing the ratings. Hey, that's a good point. Was that it? The X-Files are on when... Yeah, who wants to be a millionaire is pretty much up against everyone at this point. What's to watch it, though? It's all the Midwestern rubes. I get bored real fast with the show. Yeah, because the first eight questions, it's like, oh God, why are we wasting... They drag it out. It's like, why are we wasting time? Let's just get to the questions that you have to think a little bit. Well, that's your final answer. And has anyone ever went, uh, no? All right, let me change it. Bless you. You know? No one changes it. Do away with it. Is that the final answer? Go right into the next question. No, they got to change camera angle. All dramatic. Next question. With that Planet of the Apes music, that NZ show. Just thinking buzz off me, you damn dirty ape. That's your final answer. Hey TJ, what's going on? Hey guys, I happened to catch out, check out who wanted to be a millionaire last night. And do you hear Rosie in the background just making disgusting grunting noises every time Dave Duchovny got an answer right? Well, while she's eating. Yeah, she is. It's kind of like she won a box of Twinkies every time, uh, she's giving away. She has a... she's giving away. She has a really annoying voice. And throughout the whole show you just hear in the background. Disgusting. With that high-pitched... Grunting. I think a fat clog in her brain. What did she put, beads in her hair or something? What? Does she have beads in her hair? I don't know. I saw her on, um, some show. She was talking to Regis about the whole thing of, uh, Channel 7 being taken off. She's doing what, the Bo Derrick? Yeah. That's just... I'm looking at her. Why would she say, put beads in my hair? I look great. Know what's the best about the Bo Derrick look? I was on vacation in the Caribbean. Yeah. And a lot of people can relate to this. You get back to the rickety airport, waiting for your flight back to New York. Yeah. And everyone else was down in the Caribbean. So they're pretty much buying the myth. You know, you're laying on the beach and the bead girl comes by. Yeah. And you decide to look like Bo Derrick, but you don't have the body. And all these people are in the airport with their hair done and the beads and stuff. Well, laying on the beach is one thing. I know. It's like you look completely ridiculous, okay? Yeah. Yeah, sure. Maybe on the beach while you're catching a tan, having a corona or whatever, you know, smoking a blunt. Okay, you're fitting in with the environment. Yeah. But as soon as you touch down at JFK, people are just going to openly laugh at you. Or you're walking out to your car and you have the beads in your hair. Yeah. Oh, it just looks ridiculous. It looks just stupid. I sit there in the airport, I just start laughing at myself. Just a really bad observation. But it's... Okay, well, let's check back in with Earl here. Earl, what's going on? Hi, guys. As you can probably hear, we have got this number of people now. Everyone's got a watch sticker and they're lining up around the airport. I'm just not sure if you can hear me or not. Just about everyone has lined up along the route now. Just a little... pretty much... Yeah. The phone just about blows. Alright, Earl. Thank you for that update. Really would love to talk to you. Get a little insight as to what's going on over there, but... The phone just blows. Yes. Alright, let's go to Jeff real fast. Jeff, what's going on? Jeff? Yeah? Hey, what's up, buddy? What about Kathy Lee with her boobs starting at her waist? On Millionaire last night? I did see that. I did see that. They're basically starting at her belly button and then they go below her waist. It was really bad, man. That would be the new look. Like Ann says, it's socks filled with sand. Sweat socks full of sand. Yeah. You know what? Her boobs start so low down that she probably has a chest just like a guy. You know, like the chest portion. And then the boobs start somewhere around where the stomach meets the chest area. That's where the boobs start and then they hang down to her stomach. It was pretty much like on the old Saturday Night Live when John Belushi used to have that thing around his waist and it was like a little track and there were metal balls that would roll around the back and up front. The whole lady. Yeah. I don't know, man. She was pretty weak on there. I thought that she was pretty much like the worst guest. It was like Regis and Kathie Lee. I don't know. She was like kind of lame. I couldn't wait for her to get off. And who's that kid? I think he's like in sync, right? Oh, he's one of the in-sync dudes? Yeah. He just looks complete. He's all baked on the show, isn't he? Yeah. He looks just completely out of place. He's all baked in the background. His eyes are all crossed. Nice fake opie like you didn't know who it was. No, honestly, I didn't know. I don't know who's in in-sync and who's in the Backstreet Boys and all the other ones. I have no clue. In front of the blonde hose bags were up there that sing these days. Oh, I would know. I would know. It's Britney Spears or... Christina Aguilera or something. Or Jennifer Simpson or whatever name it is. Yeah, I know all that. All right. Well, thank you, Jeff. OK. Peace. Let's go to Jake real fast. Jake, how are you today? Hey, what's going on, guys? Hey. Hey, you talking about weddings before? Yeah. My gal dragged me to just one of these awful weddings down on Long Island this week where I knew nobody. Those are always great fun. Well, you know, I can tell you the only thing you can, which is during the cocktail hour, you drink as fast as you possibly can. That's it. So by the time we sit down, I'm pretty much out of my mind. And they do that song where the bride and groom dance. And sure enough, it's the Titanic song. Oh. So as they're going on, like I'm pretty ripped. And as it's getting to the chorus, like all of a sudden I found myself starting to, you know, imitate you guys and start singing it. And all of a sudden, everyone like at the table and a couple tables around me is looking at me because I'm screaming out the chorus. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And everyone's just looking at me like, what the hell? My girl made me just go back out to the parking lot. Yeah, there's not a lot of survivors. Survivors. When you get married. No. Everyone will sink below the murky depths of the North Atlantic. It's all so nice. I see Earl right now. Oh, never mind. Just squeaking at him. All right, Jake. Thank you. Is this like the, yeah, this song must be used a million times. This is pretty much the song for every wedding these days. Yes. It's so wonderful. Here it is, the first dance as bride and groom out on the floor. Wonderful, isn't it? Look at the love in their eyes. Just like when the Titanic set sail, right? Yes. Wasn't it beautiful? Yes, it looked very beautiful. Wonderful ship, the crystal chandelier over the grand staircase. Ah, yes. The wedding. Just like the Titanic. The gentle waves tapping against her bow in the moonlight. Of course. And Jack and Rose falling in love on the decks of the mighty. That's right. Dreaming of the possibilities. Where? Whaaaaaaaaaaat? Dreaming of the possibilities of your life together. Then what happened after it was at sea for a while? What happened? What happened? Suddenly the waters got a little choppier. Yes. And a little colder and less inviting. Yes. And then out of nowhere, out of nowhere, a iceberg. Well, I like to think of it as a black midget wrestler myself. Black midget wrestler. Thank you, guys. And then all of a sudden the Titanic was just opened up. Water pouring in her. And in no time, she was sinking, slipping beneath the murky waters of the North Atlantic. Only with marriage, there are no survivors. Everyone perishes. Torture! It's torture! Dance it up. Dance it up at your wedding. Hope you're having fun. How'd you like to blow my lawn? Huh? Marriage starts off just like the Titanic. And ends in disaster. It was truly a disaster. OK. Yes. I guess that's the song, huh? Yeah, that's what they're saying, Anthony. That's good. Great. Anyway, we have to take a break here in a few minutes. Well, we could do the evil Knievel real fast. Oh, and then we got to get into the Andrew Dice Clay phone call from yesterday. It's an amazing piece of audio. It really is. It's good stuff. But this was brought to our attention today. What would evil Knievel be promoting? He's lending his image and his endorsement to a product. So I'm thinking maybe Harley Davidson. Sure. Or maybe something that would go along with his daredevil image. Maybe a line of clothing. Extreme something. Maybe a line of sky cycles. The sky cycle. Oh, yes. Maybe that's a reality now in the year 2000. We could drive our sky cycles. Jump the Snake River Canyon. Speaking of that, not to get off too far, but there's a commercial out for I believe Mercedes-Benz. And it is the coolest commercial because it shows three people with jet packs on. And they're cruising through the desert, like right off the ground, contour flying on jet packs. And I just got pissed off. Like, where are jet packs? It's the year 2000. They were experimenting with jet packs back in the 50s. 21st century. And here we are, experimenting here at Grimmon with the jet pack, which will be commonplace in our society by the 60s. And what do we get? Nothing. And then they have the footage of the guy doing the jet pack, and it's like, oh, it starts off okay, but no, he's ending a disaster. Can't have a hard time winged over. He goes sideways. I love that footage. Here's the experimental X-15, the jet pack, which will take men to great heights. You'll commute to work with a jet pack. Like, get out of here. No one's getting a jet pack. We're never getting jet packs. I want that hovercraft, man, from Star Wars. Oh, we didn't get that either. Remember, we were all supposed to get hovercraft. Hover your way to work with the new hovercraft. Goes anywhere, does anything, fly to work. Avoid the traffic jams. This should be available by 1958. What do we get? Nothing. In the year 2000, we still can't figure out gridlock in this city. Yeah. Jesus. And then people saying flying cars are going to be a thing of the future. People can't even work on two dimensions. Add a third and where they could drop straight on top of you. Ain't going to happen. They should just swallow up your car if you're the guy in gridlock. Why not? At this point, you've warned everybody. How about a big pneumatic square plate that's suspended above, right? It's suspended high above the box. Yes, while the coyote, yes. Okay, and it's on this big, you ever see a pile driver? It's like that. Okay. The second the light turns red, for a split second, it just comes down. It just smashes everything in sight and then the other lane can go. But if you're caught in the box, it comes down. You're done. Let's call it back me. I'd be into it. You think anybody would pull into the box? And if you did, tough luck. Somebody said something like instead of to get the accident rate down, instead of putting airbags by your steering wheel, put a spike right in the middle of the steering wheel. You make sure you watch where you're going. You don't hit anything. Hell yeah. The airbag's like, oh, I hit something, the airbag comes out. If you knew you were going to be impaled on a spike, you'd watch where you were going. This guy Mike's bitch and he says the hovercraft was on the A-Team. That's right. The A-Team. Hey, fool, get in the hovercraft. Get in the hovercraft. I'm going to get in the hovercraft. Where's Earl? Anyway, back to Evil. Evil Knievel. So we're thinking it's going to be some kind of extreme thing that he's endorsing. Sure. Even though he's up there in years, he's still known as the Daredevil. Maybe some line of skateboards or anything. Yeah. Anything but this. Yeah. Opie, Evil Knievel. What magazine was this in? I don't even know. Someone sent it to us? Thank you for this. Go ahead, Ed. Sorry. Evil Knievel, the proud endorser for Pride Mobility Products. The little rascal. He's endorsing the little rascal. There he is. There he is in the advertisement. There's Evil. Evil Knievel. He's got his red, white, and blue jacket on with the number one that he used to wear on there. And he's sitting on one of those old people scooters that the old people use, getting ready to try to jump a garbage can. It looks like, I'm going to jump my own colostomy bags. I'm lining up 20 colostomy bags. Awful. Awful, yes. And now he's riding around on one of those little old people scooters. Oh, is time just a pain in the ass? This is the same guy that jumped the felons at Caesar's, right? Right? Falling like a rag doll. Broke every bone in his body. And now he's, out of my way, please. Please, I, look out, this thing gets up to three miles an hour. Guy used to speed up that ramp. Remember that? Aw, it was so cool to watch. You'd look forward to it on TV. Aw, on ABC Wide World of Sports, Evil Knievel's jumping. He would bang the Hollywood starlets at night. Boozer. Boozer. Insane. Would tumble during the day. Now look at him. Now look at him. Time just sucks. Who are you kidding? He's got his hands on the hand grips. He's looking straight into, I guess, what the camera was taking this picture. But his face just looks like, oh my God, look what I'm doing. Look what I have become. Look what I have to do now for the money. I have to endorse this little scooter. Oh, there's a quote from Evil Knievel, Anthony. What is it? I chose my Pride Legend. They have fancy names for the little rascals. The Pride Legend Scooter. The Pride Legend. He'll kick ass on the Pride Legend Scooter. Pick up babes on the Pride Legend. Evil Knievel withers around on his Pride Legend Scooter. Pride Legend, Pride Legend, Pride Legend. You'll get up to three miles per hour. Pride Legend. It's a little rascal. Anyway, it says, I chose my Pride Legend for its outstanding performance, style, form, and durability and value. Evil Knievel. Performance? It goes. That's the only performance you're getting. I can't stand these frigging things too. Whenever you get the people in the supermarket, look, I'm sorry you can't walk. And I'll tell you the truth. Half of the people riding these things are fine. Fat people, they found a way they don't even have to frigging walk anymore. It's the truth. They found a way that they don't even have to walk. Remember when fat people used to at least have to walk in the supermarket to get their food, to feed them fat bodies? They'd be walking around sweating by the Twinkies and the soda and everything. Now they're just going around clogging the aisles of chatting with each other like it's a side street. The Pride Legend Scooter. And then you go to a place like Disney. Oh my God. Anybody... That's a little rascal heaven. Anybody, I guess, can just hop on one. Doesn't matter, healthy, whatever. And you're trying to walk and you're being... You're almost being hit by these people that don't even know how to control them anymore. In the background you just hear beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep ble beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep He's finally cranked that thing up to like 40-50 miles an hour. He's got mechanics working on it. You think he tries to do donuts with it in the park and wheelies and stuff? He's our god damn childhood hero and he's on a little rascal now. Call now. Get one of those pairs of old people sunglasses free. The wraparound Terminator sunglasses. Pride legend. He's got his blue jeans pulled up to his nipples in the picture. You'll be kicking ass and taking names on your pride legend scooter. Damn. That's all. Hey Rob, what's up? Hey fellas, I was down at Disney back in December and I saw one of these old geezers come flying by doing three miles an hour on one of those things. Next thing you know he's checking out a babe walking by and he smashes into like this three-year-old. Unbelievable. The car is picking up the kid that cried, oh my god, oh my god. They pick up the kid to see if he's okay. The next thing you know the little guy takes off. He takes off. Where's he going? I think he can catch up to him. I felt so bad for the little kid but when I saw the old guy go I was like oh man he's making his getaway. That's funny. I had one of those super-spent dirt bikes at Evil Knievels when I was a kid. I loved it. Of course, this is our childhood hero. We all check out an Evil Knievel job. He was amazing. He even had his kid, Robby Knievel. You know, you sit him on the back, you watch him fly off too when Evil would wipe out. Yeah, Robby's a pussy though. Evil Knievel was the real deal. Now look at him though. I know. He's on a little scooter. Oh jeez, that was a long time ago. I love you guys. Keep it up. Syndication now. Alright, thanks Rob. Bye bye. Bye bye. So there you have it, Anthony. Chrome pipes. You see him try to weld on some chrome pipes. I want it to sound like my old bike instead of like... Electric motor. He's got a little basket on the front for his depend undergarments. You see that little basket? What's Evil going to carry in there? Little bottle of whiskey? Probably his kidney. His liver. His penis pump. Poor guy. He's had a kidney transplant already. Yeah. Oh, he's got his blue cowboy boots on. Oh my god. He looks horrible. This way. Poor Evil. Alright, there he is. Our legend. Our childhood hero, Evil Knievel Anthony. Pride legend. Well, as we go to break, we're coming back with the Dice Phone Call. It's really good from yesterday if you missed it. Please stick around for that. Really funny stuff about midgets and yam bags and all sorts of crap. We'll get into that now. Is this true? What? Evil Knievel's next trick on the rascal. He's going to jump ten 14-inch U-Hauls. Good spaz will have to supply him with that. That's funny from earlier in the show. Okay, and as we go to break, we called one of these little rascal places. Oh, I forgot about that. This is a great prank call from the ONA Archives. Anthony has an old man trying to get a rascal. Check this out. We'll be back. What? Yeah, this is Rick's favorite bit. And we're coming back with the Dice Call, so stay there. Hello. Hello, sir. I'm an elderly gentleman and I need a motorized scooter. They call my name's Bill. What's your name, sir? They call my name's Bill. Bill? Yes. Have you seen a particular type that you like? I like the little rascal. The rascal? I saw that on TV. I'm a little rascal in my little rascal. Uh-huh. Is what the woman said. That's what the woman said, huh? She's getting around, she's shopping and eating ice cream. How fast does it go, sir? The fastest is about five miles an hour. I flew a P-51 Mustang and a big one. It won't go that fast. Oh, it won't? No. I need also a room in the back for an oxygen tank because I'm on oxygen. Oh, I see. And it's got to have good suspension because I don't want my colostomy bag dislodging. No, you don't want that either. No. The bigger machines will have like a spring suspension in the front. Oh, boy. My friend Petey's got one and it's a real chick magnet. Yeah? He goes around at the bingo game and he gives the girls rides on the back. Can I get a two-seater? No, you can't get a two-seater. But I can't be jostled around too much. I've got to prostate like a porcupine. Oh, I see. Yeah, that's kind of tough. You can stop by our showroom. We have three or four models on the floor and we get them in. Excuse me, sir. How the hell am I supposed to get there? You're not driving anymore? No. I drove in a lake and they took my car away. Oh, I see. Can I take one of these on major highways? No, you cannot. Because my grandson lives far away and I like to play some ball with him. No, you can't do that. I can't? No. The furthest they'll go is about 24, 25 miles. Is that the furthest range? Yeah, and they go about five miles an hour, so you'd be kind of lost on the highway, don't you think? I don't have much. I have nothing else to do. What else am I going to do with my time if it takes me two hours to get 10 miles? I don't care. Also, I lost my arm in the big one. Do you have any kind of catapult so I could play ball with my grandson? Like a pitching arm or something? No. They call my name's Bill. Could you just come over and shoot me in the head? No. I mean, hell, I was big once. I was in the war. I was a commander. And now I got to drive on a three-wheel battery powered scooter. This is degrading. It is degrading. Sam, could you just shoot me? Could you take a goddamn gun and shoot me in the freaking head? No, I don't think so. Please, God ball, come down. Put my head under a wheel of one of the scooters and hit go. I don't think it would do anything. Could you do that to me, Tony? They just hit me in the brain stem with a ball peen hammer, Sam. Could you do that? I mean, hell, I haven't been laid since the Kaiser was in Germany, for Christ's sake. I have big baloney breasts. I haven't seen a naked woman in 42 years. Do you know what that's like? My pants are up to my nipples and I'm calling it for a scooter. What's your last name, Bill? I have wrap around eyeglasses. He looks like a freaking Terminator, Sam. I've lived for 85 years. It's enough already, for Christ's sake. Kill me! Could someone just kill me? My name is Bill. They call my name Bill. Oh, Jesus. My teeth just fell off. My freaking teeth. I spit my teeth out of my head. Kill me! Somebody just kill me, for Christ's sake! I'm like an apocalyptic idiot without a high school diploma. Get a job in a radio. O.B. and Anthony. The Appeal of the Mindless. 1027 WNEW. The Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. We were just talking about the fat ladies that go to the supermarket. And they're so fat now that they use little rascals to go through the aisles. They don't even try anymore. They just jump on their little rascal to feed more food into their fat bodies. No reason to walk anymore. I don't even need my big fat legs that don't work. Now, you know something? Great. Now you're like Captain Christopher Pike from the original Star Trek. You're locked in a little vehicle, just moving around. You've got to take control. You've got to try to do something. I mean, a ton of our listeners have tried the Stacker 2. You're happy with the results, right, Anthony? Yes. It does the three things. It burns the fat. That's why they call it the world's strongest fat burner. It crushes the cravings to snack in between meals. And it gives you a boost of energy when you're feeling sluggish late in the day. I'm starting to take Stacker 2 again when I'm feeling sluggish. Yeah. I don't need it for the burning of the fat or to crush the cravings. But I'm using it for the boost of energy, Anthony. Did you see the commercial on Raw last night? Yeah, I did. That commercial was a little weird. You want to explain it real fast? Well, a cop is coming over to a car because the car is rocking back and forth. And some guy is going, oh, yeah, come on, baby. Yeah, oh, baby. Oh, come on. Come on, baby. A lot of moaning in the car. It's just moving like crazy. The cop is kind of smiling like he's going to check the window. He's some couple having sex. He looks in the window and he puts on this, like, horrified face. It's a big fat guy who's trying to get to a cupcake on his dashboard. So he's, like, leaning forward. But the steering wheel is, like, hitting him. He's trying to reach it on the dashboard. He can't reach it. He's like, oh, come on, baby. Come to me, baby. Yeah, but his fingers are touching the cupcake. Yeah, it's all, in a way, like, it looks like he's diddling it, let's just say. Yeah, yeah. It's a disturbing commercial, but it gets the point across, I guess, for Stacker 2. The World's Strongest Fat Burner. Give them a call, 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E for Stacker 2, the World's Strongest Fat Burner. That's about as funny as a sinking school bus. I have a strong stomach. You guys made me throw up some stuff. Great! The grossest thing I've ever heard in my life. O&A, my two new favorite whores. You guys are really horrible. O.P. and Anthony. What a couple of asswipes. 1027. WNEW. It's the O&A show. Gotta go to the phones. Luke. Hey, Luke, what's going on? Hey. Hey. You guys, man, I just picked up the sticker and then I went down on Route 4. Oh, my God, the residual delays is unbelievable. Oh, man. Lots of traffic, huh? Oh, it's a mess. Yeah, Earl's outside, Fidelity Diamond, Route 17. Yeah, I picked up a couple. They're great. Route 17 and Paramus giving out the new out stickers. Major traffic, though, in that area, huh? Oh, big time. Very big time. All right, Luke, thank you. Hey, you guys, take care. I love you. Hey, thanks, Mike. All right. There you go, Anthony. Us doing traffic. Love in the air. Traffic. Yeah, we really need that on our program. Traffic never on the O&A show. Traffic on the nuns. Traffic on the nuns. Patrick, what's going on? Not much. You guys, what's happening? Hey, man. I'm headed 17 northbound. I passed Black Earl about five or six miles back and it's still backed up at its southbound. Really? Like, all the way up until, like, O'Holkis, and it's backed up. It's just barely moving. See, we would love to talk to Earl on the premises, but his phone sucks. Yeah, I noticed. I heard it earlier. He's got to get himself a new phone. Yeah, blows, man. I would love to hear what it sounds like. Exactly. All right, well, thank you for that, Patrick. No problem, guys. Sounds like a wild scene out there near Fidelity Diamond. Yeah. If you want to get your wow sticker, you go to Fidelity Diamond or check out the Ranch One locations. Some of them have the wow stickers. You just got to search a little bit, okay? And we've got to replay the dice thing. Oh, yeah, we're going to get into that. Yeah, you want to or what? Yeah, I guess we could later talk about Britney's bloody gash. Yes. Don't dump out of it, out of that. Oh, I forgot. We got a new dumb guy that doesn't quite do it. Yeah, no, don't dump out of that. They're talking about the gash on our head, but that's how they said it in the paper. Yeah. Britney Spears' bloody gash. Needed someone to tend to Britney's bloody gash. Huh. All right. You know what? Let's clear the phone lines. Don't worry about it, man. It's okay. Let's clear the phone lines by giving out some tickets to see a really cool band. What do we got? Dope. Dope. We've been playing Dope on our radio show. These guys definitely rock. Dope. Dope playing the Bowery Ballroom May 31st. Oh, so you got some time, but that's cool. For tickets, call 212-260-4700. But if you're the 10th caller right now at 212-757-1027, you'll have a pair of tickets to see Dope. Really cool band. If you're not into it, don't call. Let someone else win, okay? All right. Anthony, let's get into the Dice phone call from yesterday. Move ahead now. Do you want to set it up real fast or what? Well, we were sitting here yesterday doing our little show. Dice had called for my birthday last week, which was really nice. And he called up yesterday out of nowhere to say that his appearance on the program for my birthday inspired him in some way, to get back into it, get a CD out, get touring again, because he had such a good time. And he called us and wanted to tell us about that. And it sounded a little weird. Yeah, the first few minutes of the call is Anthony just being stupefied. I didn't know if he was playing a joke or something. Yeah, because we're just sitting here like, we inspired you. I mean, being a kid, like I said earlier, growing up on Long Island and discovering comedy and stuff, I mean... Everyone remembers the first time you saw Dice. He was like, oh my God, this is brand new. He was a hero growing up. And now he's saying that you and I have inspired him. That's just a little strange. But after the initial weirdness, it just goes into some classic Dice. Really, really funny stuff. If you stick around, you'll hear about yam bags and midgets. Got to love this. It's got a lot of material on midgets, Anthony. But here it is from yesterday. Andrew Dice Clay calling the show. Yes, Andrew Dice Clay from yesterday, Anthony. I'm over here now. We're back live. We thought that was worth a replay. Yeah. Some unbelievable stuff from yesterday's show, Ant. Out of his f'ing mind. Oh, without a doubt. The phone's going nuts. Paramus is just a mess. Excuse me. Butch, what's going on? Yo, I just got wowed over on Route 1 over in Wall Way. All right, on. Cool beans. This new wow sticker works, bro. Of course the wow sticker works. Yo, the old one wasn't working. This one is. No, the old one is so... This one you could see when you put it on your car. Yeah. Tell me about it. Hey, syndication whenever. Yeah, whatever. We don't care anymore. Thank you, Butch. That picture in Newsday is sick. Sick. I got a few... Yeah, I guess we could talk about it because we have nothing to do with it. It was just scratched into a truck. Yeah. But it's a picture of a big dump truck, I guess. Ran over some homeless guy. Yeah. And the picture is of the back of the truck and you just see wow. Like written in the dirt. Yeah. Oh, clear as day. But he didn't get in an accident because of wow. No, it was just on the truck. Yeah, that's... It just happened to be on the garbage truck. It's scratched on the back of it. And the picture in Newsday is clear as day. What page? I think 822 or something like that? Page 22 of today's Newsday. Check out the picture. You're not going to believe it. They might have hung it up in the office already. Yeah, we hung it up in the office. Being the sick, twisted individuals that we are. Yes. But check it out for yourself if you have a Newsday handy. Yeah. We do encourage everyone to be very careful with the wowing out there. Oh, yeah. You know, don't harass the ladies. You know, let it happen. Don't do anything stupid in traffic, okay? Please. Well, there's so many trucks with wow on the back that, you know, they have accidents. Watch out for the homeless. Yes. The homeless guy. He missed the little homeless guy's cart, but he nailed the homeless guy. Nailed the homeless guy. You see the picture? The homeless cart, safe and sound, just next to the tires. Yeah. But he nailed the guy. You know what's under the tires. Hey, Mike, what's going on? Yeah, ONA. Yes. Okay. What is it? Down on the Paran... I wish I would have picked up the sticker. But, hello? Yeah, why are you cursing, man? No, about nothing. The car just flat almost drove into me. Oh, okay. No, it's just entering the highway. It just almost smacked me over to another lane, but thank God. All right, Mike, where are you, Mike? I know I'm headed right to the George Washington Bridge, but I'm coming from Paramus. Yeah. I wish... I got off at 17 from the Garden State Parkway, and the thing is, you know, I'm coming from the I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Yeah. I'm coming from the Garden State Parkway. Hey, everybody. I'm Steve Diamond on Route 17. I'm sitting here with a bunch of guys. Guys! Oh, boy. Please everybody for the wow. We need some more women coming down here. Oh, my God. Just a mess outside of it all the time today. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Oh, help me, help me, help me! Somebody help me, help me, help me! That was Earl from earlier getting lost, trying to figure out where Fidelia Diamond was. Ok. 2 1 2 7 5 7 1 0 2 7, we'll play What Did We Learn on the Opie & Anthony Show and we'll do that next! This is debauchery mania. Frosted exams for everyone. Okay, terrific. Okay, horrific. We had a lot of fun once again today. Tomorrow's the big day, Anthony. It's going to be a great day. Wow is here. Guys, I'm telling you, get your homemade Wow signs on your cards. Until you get the Wow sticker. Ladies, please help us out tomorrow. Guys, don't harass the ladies. Ladies, be cool. Don't want any problems out there. Basically, guys, put the Wow in your car. And just go about your business. Don't look around. Just put it on and forget about it. You'll be so surprised the first time you look over and just see cans in your face. You'll be like, well, why is that? Like it'll shock you at first. You'll be like, well, what the hell? Oh yeah, I got a Wow on my car. And ladies, show those boobies. Yeah, we love it. Whip them out, baby. Whip them out Wednesday. That's what it is. Alright, it's time to play What Did We Learn on the OPM Anthony Show. We love this game. 2127571027 is our phone number. I think this makes us educational programming so we can get away with things. You know, if we're like an educational programming show. Yeah, I like that. People learn things every day on this program. Joe Soprano from FoundryMusic.com, the unofficial OPM Anthony website. I learned what the difference is between the Wow sticker and Black Girl. The Wow sticker works. That old gag. Isn't that another joke with an aspirin? And it's not quite Earl. He's reworking a joke there, yeah. Jamie from Hackensack, New Jersey, I learned today that you could rent 14-inch trucks. Yeah, we did learn that. I learned today that there are no blacks in Paramus, New Jersey. I learned that you can rent trucks in New Jersey. I learned that you can rent trucks in New Jersey. I learned that you can rent trucks in New Jersey. I learned that you can rent trucks in New Jersey. Oh, this is a good one. Dan from New Rochelle, I learned that listening to your girlfriend for two hours. Wait. Oh, yeah. I learned that listening to your girlfriend for two hours can move you further from your job with a 14-inch U-Haul. I'm over here now. Okay. You got any over there, Ed? Let me see. Let me see. George from Jersey. You get a chance to look. George from Jersey, ONA, I know why Earl was late. The Underground Railroad was running behind schedule. Oh. I learned Dice might be doing the next Power for Living commercial. Jesus. I learned today that Spazz will be on the next homeless shopping spree. This is Billy C. from Staten Island. Mike from Rockland, I learned that New York has apparently been relocated because Jersey and Connecticut share a border now. That's good stuff. I learned never ask Spazz or Earl for directions, and I learned that you guys have a game to play, Make Dice Cry. All right, let's go to the phones, Anthony. Let's start with Mary. Mary, what did you learn on the show today? I learned that if you cheat on your girlfriend and she makes you feel guilty enough about it, she can make you move to Guam when you work in Manhattan. That's good. Not bad. And you know what? When I called in and he screamed that and I said that to him, there was dead silence, and then he goes, that's a good one. So I don't even think he knew it was about him. I know. Yeah. Now I feel kind of bad, but I love you guys. Hey, that's okay. Thank you. All right, bye-bye. All right, let's go to Andrew. Andrew, what did you learn on the show today? Yeah, I learned that Jesus is over here now and there's nothing but your heel. Thank you, Andrew. That is neat. I learned that Spash should watch out for garbage trucks with wow on the back. Unbelievable picture in Newsday today. Check out page 22. You won't believe it. You will not believe it. Let's see. Going through all of these instant feedbacks. Matt, what did you learn on the show today? Yellow. Yeah. Matt, what did you learn today? I learned that the little country, I mean the little city in India, Pakistan, has enough technology to hack into the Pentagon. Yeah, we did learn that today. That's good. You're paying attention. Thank you. Yeah. All right. I'm over here now. All right, bye. Bye. That's going to be the new one, I'm telling you. Could it overtake? Okay, terrific. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. I learned that Spash is better at being a doormat than answering phones. That's Tom from Elizabeth, New Jersey. I learned that idiots use bicycle locks to protect their homes. Joe from New York. I learned today that Spash needs a smack in the face with a big yam bag. That's pretty good. There's no butlers at Best Western eyeing your heavy metal t-shirts. Syndication, that old gag. Chris, what's going on? Hey, what's going on, guys? How are you? I learned today that Spash is one step away from being Ziggy's neighbor. Yeah. It's looking better, I think. Yeah. We just found out all he has to do is come up with $4,500 and he's got a place that he can move into tomorrow morning at 8 a.m. That's good. $4,500. $4,500 he's coming up with. He's got to come up with. And how much is his rent every month? $900. $900. Do the math. But to move in, it's going to take $4,500 for some reason. For some reason. The normal person, it's first month, last month. Or just one month. Yeah, yeah. It's like first month, but usually you're one month security, so up to $1,800, and then a month to the realtor. Yeah, let's push that. So $2,700. He's paying $4,500. That's a difference of $1,800. Go get him in here really fast. You know, you try to keep him off the radio, but. Alright, whatever. Let's get it. Spaz. He does 15%. It's usually in Manhattan. Spaz, get over there. The realtors? Only 15% of $900? No, they do first, last, and 15% to 20%. Spaz. Yeah, but this is in Manhattan. I don't have to do that when I rent my place in Long Island. No, what you do is you write a check for the first month's rent and then a month's security. And a month goes to the realtor. And that's a lot. Usually they'll like sit like a half month. If you're in the boonies, I'm not talking about here in Manhattan, which is a whole different animal. Yeah, he's out on the Connecticut-Jersey border. Spaz, why do you have to come up with $4,500 to move into this place tomorrow at 8 a.m.? The landlord wants two to three months security. Why? Where are you going in two to three months? Two to three months? I guess. How are you going to stay there for two or three months without paying rent? That's what I want to know. How is this landlord doing this to you? He's saying that we're a liability to him because of... If you don't pay a month's rent, then he throws you out. And it's one month. How is him holding three months of your money worth... I don't get it. He said he doesn't want to get burned. He's been burned before. You better get all this in writing. You want him to be enemy of the show? No. Spaz, for you, we will make your landlord enemy of the show whenever you want. Spaz, if this guy uses you, he will become enemy of the show. We'll make his life a living hell. How about this? Huge welcome Spaz party at his new pad with all our listeners. Oh, rock! Or a moving out party. The landlord screws you. We'll have a own a Spaz moving out party. Broadcast live from your digs. Your groovy pad. With a bunch of listeners, the most obnoxious, riled, drunks we can find. We'll have kegs thrown out the second story window. We'll just leave things in the house like bowling balls. For no apparent reason, there will be bowling balls laying around. Cinder blocks. Baseball bats. Just laying around the house to have fun with. Yeah, why not? You tell the landlord, does he know who you want? Actually, he does listen to the show. That's my doubt. Well, you let him know, at any moment, he can become enemy of the show. And that is not a happy thing. No, make sure you get it all in writing, Spaz. Okay. I will. Fight it. Tell him, no, look, man. Tell him you can only come up with $3,600 even. A month's security. Where are you going? Say, look, I'm moving in, I'm over here now. Where am I going? That's a ridiculous amount of money. You know what he's going to do? He's going to take that money and use it to make more money. He's going to, like, invest it or something. Sure. And that should be money that Spaz has to pay off his credit cards. All right, Spaz. Thank you. You did a fine job today. You're going to be in that Boy Scout uniform Thursday to get yelled at? Yes. Thursday is Yell at Spaz Day. He's going to be dressed in his Eagle Scout. Is it an Eagle Scout uniform, Spaz? Boy Scout uniform, but I achieved Eagle rank. Oh, okay. So I hope you guys are close to the building Thursday, 57 and 7. Spaz will be out there with a sign that says, Abuse me for five bucks. We're trying to raise some money to help the poor kid out. He will be in his Boy Scout uniform. You pay Rick the five bucks, you can say whatever you want to Spaz. You just can't touch him. Joe, Dawn and Kalbel Bill coming in. But they worked on a new song for Spaz, too. Oh, good. Done to Shaft. Shaft? Yeah, this ought to be really funny. Very good. Are you going to be wearing the shorts? Yeah, do you have the shorts or the... I have the slacks. Oh, you've got to get the shorts. Yeah. Do you have the cute little, you know, Boy Scout hat? Although the slacks might be funny. How much taller are you now than you were then? No, he hasn't grown since seventh grade. We went over that during a pass show. So you fit in the pants? They go down to your shoes? Yeah, I fit in the pants, but the shirt is like... All right, you've got to get shorts. Can you get shorts before Thursday? All you have to do is find shorts that kind of match your outfit. That's all. Spaz, you get a hat, too? You can't afford shorts. You got a hat? I got a Boy Scout hat. A Boy Scout hat? That was going to be great. You got all your badges and stuff? I'm searching for my badges, but I got my order in the aisle. Maybe we'll have to make some badges of our own. That would be kind of funny. And Spaz's girlfriend checking in. She learned something on the show today. Today I learned that Spaz thinks he has a say in our relationship. Oh, how wrong he is. Jim, what's going on? Hey, what's going on, guys? How are you? Pretty good, pretty good. All right. I learned today that dice actually might be funny again. That dice is funny again, yes. I would have to agree with you. I knew he was back. All right, cool. Thank you, Jim. Thanks a lot. All right. With that in, let's step aside here. Yeah, we got to get out of here. Don and Mike are next, and tomorrow is Whip-Em-Out Wednesday. Yeah. Should it be nice weather? Yes. Should it be high boob index? Yes, it should be a very exciting day on the O.P. and Anthony show. Guys, hey, thanks for listening. We really appreciate it. Okay? Yeah. All right. See you tomorrow at two. Oh, no. Oh, no. I'm a sex stud. Yeah, sure. It's the truth. I'm a sex stud. You can measure up to the porn stars up. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. It's like a little naughty O.P. Hey, screw everybody. I'm a sex stud. I'm a sex stud. Good enough to kill you. He's an excellent physical specimen. I'd start gagging. Yeah, sure. It's the truth. Oh, yeah. The pants are all sticky. Oh, my god, I'm getting kid-a-layered. Oh, my god. I'm getting kid-a-layered. Oh, my god. The pants are all sticky. Oh, my god. I'm getting kid-a-layered. O.P. and Anthony. This is stupid. Somebody's got to get laid. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. 1027 WNEW.