 Whip-a-Mouth Wednesday! What is that? Like some kind of guy thing? Like some kind of sexist guy thing? Yeah! You will not get away with this! I wish you could just shut your big mouth! It's Whip-a-Mouth Wednesday! Ooh-la-la! Obi and Anthony N.E.W. Yes! Hey! It's Whip-a-Mouth Wednesday. The weather's perfect, so start flashing your quad-gam-boops, ladies. Yeah! Help us out! Make our days! Make our week! Make our month! Hey guys, I hope you have a wow on your car today. We're juking to see some stuff! Yeah, it's beautiful out here. Either get the wow sticker or put a homemade wow on the car. We are doing a wow sticker shop today, Anthony. Where at? At 430 Spaz! Spaz leaving the show to do a wow sticker shop today! We get to meet Spaz and our buddy, our pal Jeff Norris, Gorilla Boy. Oh. 430 at GameStop, Route 22, Union, New Jersey, Anthony. We'll have plenty of wow stickers out there with Spaz and Jeff Norris, 430 today. Yeah! GameStop, right there on Route 22, Union, New Jersey. We gotta go right back to the phones. A lot of people still have comments about the movie thing from yesterday. Yeah. Our phone line, 212-757-1027. Let's go to Wendy. Wendy, what's up? Hi, how are you? We're doing well. I have a similar story actually. There was some guys in the movie theater. We went to go see the Sixth Sense, me and my boyfriend. And actually I told them to shut up because they were kicking the chair and they were yelling. And after the movie my boyfriend actually had a confrontation with them and he got hit in the eye. Yeah, say, is it worth a fight? I know, but he wouldn't tell them and no one else in the movie would tell them. Yeah, well I know, because we're in fear. Fear for our lives. And I'd just like to say that I did my first Whip-N-Out Wednesday today. And how did it feel? Oh, it felt great. It was a little confusing because I was going to school and I was actually trafficked and I almost hit into the car in front of me because it's kind of confusing, you know, whipping them out and trying to drive. Well, you gotta be very careful. We don't want anyone getting hurt out there. I know. A lot of the ladies have like a designated driver so the other lady can wow and stuff. Yeah. I was going to do that today, but I saw it and I figured with nice weather I might as well do it. And you felt good after you did it? I felt great. You probably made that guy's week. I hope so. How big are your boobies there, Wendy? 36Z. Nice. Bravo. I would drive off the road if I saw that. Is that her real name, Wendy? Thank you, Wendy. Okay. Yes, her real name's Wendy. Of course. Of course. We don't even have to question that anymore. Nope. Let's go to Pam. Pam, what's going on today? Oh, I'm so glad I got through. Yeah. I had like the same situation, but we were actually escorted by the police from the theater. Why is that? And we got refunded. We're talking because it's been about seven minutes now. We're talking about people that are nice and loud and scream at the screen at movies. Yeah. Right. That's exactly what they were doing, though. And what happened? And we had to say something. They were screaming at the movies. They were kicking the chair. They were going crazy. And I said something, and they actually, we had to be escorted from the theater because of these people. Oh, because you were fearing for your life? Fearing for my life, absolutely. Yeah. You should be able to go to a movie these days. I don't get it. Like I said, I like the idea of having bouncers like at the strip clubs. Just huge, big, burly bouncers like you see at strip clubs. And they're in the theater. I said I would pay twice as much. And I would. I would pay $18 a ticket to know I could go in and sit and watch the whole movie undisturbed, that if someone makes a peep, there's no second chances. There's no nothing. You get physically lifted out of your seat by these burly bouncers and thrown out onto the street. I would love that. That's a great idea. And there's a big disclaimer on your ticket and on the door that says, you know, the theater isn't responsible. If you do this, if you come in here, you're going to take anything that happens to you. There's really no reason to talk in a movie theater. I mean, it's like I said, people think they're so important. Most people think they're the most important person in the world. Everyone else doesn't matter. I don't care if people are annoyed. I'm having fun in here. Like they think as they're talking, people are like, you know, I paid nine bucks for a movie, but this conversation is so interesting and this person is just so fascinating. I'm going to listen to them instead of watch the movie. Could you keep talking? Hey, turn the movie down, please. I want to hear her. Unbelievable. All right, let's go to Don. Don, you're next on WNAW. Hey, Don, what's up? Hey, I was at Chiefs of Staff this weekend with my girlfriend. We decided to see Frequency. So we sit all the way in the back row of the movie theater, and there's just four handicapped seats behind us, so we're figuring nobody's going to be talking back there. We get a girl, Hispanic girl, on her freaking cell phone having a conversation. Yeah, the cell phone things are another thing. Well, cell phones in general are annoying as hell. Yeah, but... I don't understand why people, yeah, bring the cell phones and then answer them in the middle of a movie theater. Yeah, but especially, she's making calls. We turn around at the same time. We say, excuse me, can you go outside? And she's staring like a deer in the headlight. Yeah, like what? Like you're the idiot. Yeah, like you're the idiot. Or asking, you paid money to come and see a movie, and you want quiet so you go watch the movie, and you're the jerk off. How did that happen? How did that happen? When did that happen? Yes. Oh, my God. Guys, syndication now. All right, thank you, Doc. Take care. Bye. I don't understand when that happened. Let's go to Vanessa. Vanessa. Yes? You're pissed at us, it looks like. Yeah, I'm very angry at you. All right. I am Hispanic. Yeah. And just because some individuals don't know how to act, and they act like they were raised in a barn, doesn't mean all of the Hispanics act that way. Oh, wow. You know, I didn't even hear in my conversation saying all Hispanics act like that. I think Anthony explained that it's not all. Didn't I say like maybe three times over that entire conversation that it's not all, but I've noticed a disproportionate number. And I have seen white people act like that. So have I. Of course. So have I. Because it's just stupid people who just don't know how to act, and they act like savages. Doesn't mean that everyone is that way. And Vanessa, if you were listening, you would have heard me say. I believe me, I was flipping faces, and you just caught my ear, and I stayed and I listened to everything that you said. Believe me, I'm not that close-minded where I would say every Hispanic person and every black person is a problem in a movie theater. Because there have been times I've gone into movie theaters, blacks, Hispanics, white Jews, and had a great time, sat in a silent movie. But the majority of the times I have been disturbed in a movie theater, it has been a black or Hispanic person. That's all I'm saying. And I'm not saying that it's never been a white person. Of course it has. It would be ridiculous to say otherwise. But the majority of the times I'm disturbed, it's a black or Hispanic person. Who was the individual who said something about chickens running around? Oh, I did. That was funny. That was called the comedic insertion in the story. Do you think that someone used to say, or they carry chickens in their pockets? Vanessa, before you get into it, my girlfriend is 100% Puerto Rican. It's called a joke. Relax. Lighten up. I believe in a marital white man. And it's based on some sort of reality. Because when Anthony was living in Massachusetts, there were Hispanics raising chickens in an apartment complex. I'd come outside and I'd have to step over chickens. That's an individual who's a pig. How would you do that? It makes no sense. Hey, Vanessa, anyone in your family ever own a chicken? Be honest. Own a chicken? No. Why would you own a chicken? I'm a New Eureka. You know what a New Eureka is, right? I was born in the United States, New York. Yeah. Okay. I wasn't born in Puerto Rico. All right. All right, Vanessa. We're just trying to have fun. You guys are crazy. We go over the line all the time. We understand that. But we're just trying to have fun, okay? Okay. We're hoping you laugh at us, all right? I kind of didn't like the chicken joke. Other than that, you're right. There are people in theaters who can act like morons. The chicken joke's funny. They're everywhere. The chicken thing is just funny. Just to help out the story a little, that's all. All right. All right. Thank you. There goes Vanessa. Obviously she just started listening to this show and has no clue what we're about to do. Not a clue. That's okay. New fan. All right. Let's go to John. John. Hey, guys. How are you doing? Well, let me turn you down here. All right, John. Okay. Well, I got to say, I could not agree with you more. And, you know, I had an incident in an office, Max, making copies. I'm sitting there with a stack and they have like this little thing in the middle there, like this desk where you can rest papers on and have like 500 sheets of making copies going back and forth. This black lady walks in, and first she tries to get the guy in front of me to sneak in right in the middle of him making copies. And then I guess she, then she tries to go over to me. I said, excuse me, I'm in the middle of making all these copies. You mean you can't let me come in there and make a few copies? You writers! Blah, blah, blah. And the whole thing, and everyone's looking at it. I said, yeah, I'm a racist. I hate you because you're black and you can't make copies. Why don't you call your good friend Al Sharpton? Wow. I swear, these people, I don't care. I tell it how it is. These Spanish, Spicks, Black, Oh my God. Ring the bell, Ed. Ring the bell. So many of these people have no life and they're crap. They don't belong in this country. Let them go back to some third world country where their ancestors are from, where they're from, because it has wrapped this country, and especially the New York Tri-State area, into the toilet. All right, Jimmy. Thank you. OP, this is an open forum of calls. We must state that the callers' views are not necessarily those of the OP and Anthony show or WNEW. And we'll be back with the Bob Grant program in just a bit. Bob Grant, you're out of the air. Savages, the food. Who's the mayor that washroom attended? Dickens. I can't believe you said that. Bob Grant called Dickens. We used to call him the washroom attendant. That mayor washroom attendant. My God. Is he still on the radio? Yeah, I think so. When is he on? I think when we're on. Are you serious? I really don't know. Yeah, I used to listen to him when I was working. I'd be in the truck, I'd flip him on. It was kind of funny, listening to him, bitch, but he doesn't do it anymore. Since he got fired, what was he on? He used to be on... He was on one station, he got fired, and then he got picked up and he lost his ballies. Yeah, and that was it. He lost his little ballies. Because it used to be kind of entertaining. I'd have the callers call up. I swear to God, it didn't matter what you were saying. If it was against his viewpoint, he would just unload on you. What are you talking about, you buffoon? Swachim? They're savages! How about I wrap you in the mouth? You're still old ladies. Old ladies. I'm going to come over and wrap you in the mouth. I like it. Oh my God, listening to you talk, I need my digitalis. What are you doing? You're a buffoon! Hey, Eric. Yeah, what's up? Bowen Eddy. How's it going here? What's up? All right, about two years ago, I saw an Asian gang fight go down over in UA, Douglaston. And the guys were going at it verbally for a little while. And then one of them jumped over the aisle. And this was the aisle across from me, so I got the whole view. But the security guards were in like in two seconds. You know? Yeah. And so I guess occasionally they do their job and stuff. Yeah, they don't have enough security. They don't have ushers anymore in the theater. The usher? I don't know. I guess it was donut night or something down there. I could say the cops. The usher down at the pavilion? Oh, I swear to God, this guy is like three feet tall. He's like this little fat midget guy with a flashlight and stuff. And you're looking at him, you're like, what is he going to do to anybody? All the people around there would just pick him up and chuck him down the aisle. Yeah, they would beat you with the usher. But you know, this whole thing goes to show you that there is really no racial equality around here. Because if you start talking about white people, it's like fine, whatever. Yeah. And then, you know, it's like, you know, white people are screwed up. They just do different screwed up things. But as soon as you get on, you know, what everyone else does, then you're a member of the Klan, right? I've seen plenty of inconsiderate whitey in my day. Believe me, believe me. And we've talked about that a thousand times on this show. But for some reason, when you say that blacks or Hispanics are inconsiderate at certain places like the movie theater, you're just, people will call up and tag you as a racist and blah, blah, blah. It's like, eh, bull crap. Give me a break. Of course, that's the way it is. All right, guys, syndication when that guy finally hits the floor when he jumps off a real building. Yeah, I was bombed. What a guy. Why are people cheering when he got rescued? A thousand people started cheering when that guy got rescued yesterday. Yeah. A couple coming in here. Frank from Pearl River. Anthony, you would have cleared the theater if you would have announced you were an agent from INS. Steve C from FoundryMusic.com. Hi, Steve. You guys shouldn't be apologizing for cracking on races. Did you ever notice that most Hispanic or black comedians based their entire set on making fun of white people? Yeah. OK, no big shock there, but they shouldn't get so offended at a little joke when whitey throws it out there. Yeah. All right. And I think we're on to something here, a little phone thing. Yeah. Instead of like attacking the races, I think everyone could play along for the next half hour or so. Why don't you call up and tell us stuff that people do that piss you off? Yeah. Very simple topic. Inconsiderate, obnoxious, cell phones on the trains, people yelling in movies. Yeah. What else? What are some of the things people do that really piss you off? We want to hear from you today, OK? I got one. It doesn't have to be a race thing. At the gas station. Yeah. After you fill the tank up, move your effing car away from the pump. Do you do that? Like, I swear to God, if you have to go inside to pay. When I get gas, it's like a pit stop at Indy. Right. Exactly. I feel guilty. I like pull up, I quickly, you know, while the gas is being pumped, I put the cap so it's going in my car while I'm playing. The whole process takes me 30 seconds. I usually just use the pay at the pump thing, you know? Oh, yeah. And I'm gone. But sometimes you have to pay, you have to go up into the building and pay. Right. I swear to God, I pull up and you move your goddamn vehicle. Moving away from the pump, especially if there's a line. Right. Jackass. Well, we'll go on this topic for a while. Things people do that piss you the eff off. 2127571027. Oday! Yeah. Oday, what up? What up, Oday? Yo, what's up, man? Yo. I'm opening up a travel agency. I'm here having breakfast. You know what I'm saying? And Anthony's here with his two-day movie thing. Yo, now I'm going to talk at the movies all the time. Oh, please. You probably do. You talk at the movies. No, I don't, actually. I don't. It's so inconsiderate. It is. Why do you need to talk to the screen? Well, that's how it is, you know what I'm saying? We're adding our commentary to the flick. Well, you don't need to when there's 500 people seeing the movie with you. I understand that. All right. So all my people, they don't know how to act. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? O'Dirty. What's up? Something that pisses you off when the cops grab you for stealing beer. Ah, come on. I don't steal beer. Who was walking out of the road show with a fistful of Coronas? You saw that? And the cops grabbed you, didn't they? I thought you were going to bring that up the other day when we said if you got in trouble after the road show. You said no. Yeah, come on, man. You're acting. I can't hear you. You got to turn your mic up, Ralph. Keith the cop has gotten more people out of trouble on this program. Yeah. I had like eight Coronas in my arms. I'm like running across the parking lot. And the cops are like, oh, you know. I rolled up real quick. He goes, where you going with all of that? And I had two open already. I'm like, oh. Two open. Two? Yeah. I put it on top of the hood. Yeah. And then Keith comes. Like, Keith comes running from like a block away. He's like, oh, no. He's like, well, how old are you? And I'm like, yeah, you know, I'm of age. I got ID and everything, officer. Then PR comes. PR comes. If PR would have continued berating the cops, he'd be glad to berate the cops. Oh, snap. People's like, you know who this is? We were in there and blah, blah, blah, missing out. I'm like, yo, PR shut the f up, bro. Shut up. It's going to be an incident, man. I want to get out of here in one piece. He goes, nah, nah. He's already like, you know, once you put your hands on the cop, it's over. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Of course. PR was already getting that way, man. I'm like, oh my God. There's no talking yourself out of it once the hands are laid. That's it. Yeah, that's how you get handcuffed, kid. That's right. You're going down. Yeah, Keith came, bro. He showed them this, you know, their cop ID thing. And, you know, I grabbed my beers and proceeded to hustle my way out of Nassau County, kid. Wait, so you were allowed to take the beers? Oh, yeah. You just talk it over. Yeah. And be respectful to the officer and things are cool. Oh, did I tell you what happened up in Boston? No. Oh my God. I was driving down the shoulder of the road because the concert was going on and there was a huge traffic jam getting into Foxborough. The River Rae. We were talking about that yesterday. Sure. Went up to Boston and State Trooper. Whoop-whoo. Grabbed me like, yeah, I'm going to Foxborough, man. I got to do stage announcements and stuff. You know, I'm late. And just talk to the guy like a human being. He's like, all right, just stay out the shoulder, man. And this wasn't in New York. It wasn't anybody knew what the hell we were doing or anything. And then trying to get to the road show, Thursday. Oh my God. I was on the belt and something happened with the drawbridge under the belt. Tell me you did a down-star skiing hutch over the drawbridge. No, I was going to. I swear I was ready to because we were late. So it wasn't even driving on the shoulder. I swear to God, I was just in a field next to the belt. Next to the belt parkway. Before the drawbridge, just in a puff of dust. I looked like the road runner. That's all you saw was dust. You know, Anthony, you crazy human. Now I just don't care. See, I got to tell everyone, you know, when Anson tells the stuff on the radio, he's telling the truth. I've driven with him enough. It wasn't even the shoulder. I was laughing. I'm hitting ruts and ditching. I was off-roading in Brooklyn. Well, that's what the SUVs are made for anyway. Yeah. Come on. You got to put a pussy out, wax it up every weekend so you could drive it on the road. Oh, yeah. Are you getting a job soon or what? Yo, I told you I had secured employment with a major telecommunications firm, bro. Come on, you want me to tell you, man. That was two weeks ago. When did you start? Yo, my man, this is the corporate process, man. You know what I'm saying? Corporate process. Anyway, I'm upset, man. What are you waiting to... Yo, Anthony, man. Yo. Yo. You and your movies. We're going to wait for it to come out on DVD. That's why you got it, bro. Believe me. You leave the movie theater to what speaks in my peoples, all right? All right, O'Day. What does this make for us, man? I thank Joey Paizano every day for that DVD. That's right, man. I never have to leave the house. All right. What, Third World Nation, we don't belong here. Man, you white people is just... You remember when I used to go to work downtown? What, you used to? They used to treat me like a felon. And I used to go to work in the... Well, O'Dirty, if you described your occupation, I think that would be accurate. O'Dirty, hold on. You are a felon. You're happy, man. O'Dirty, you are a felon. You are mine. No, I have not been convicted of any felonies, bro. Convicted, the key words. You see what I'm saying? Those are alleged. Allegedly. Allegedly. A couple misdemeanors, though, right? What? A couple misdemeanors? Yeah, but... A thousand misdemeanors, they ain't gonna equal a felony. Since when is assault and battery not a felony? When did I assault somebody? Dude, what were you arrested for? I think the charges were dropped as well. Yeah, yo. O'Day's trying to say... I never saw the grand jury and I like that, you know what I'm saying? I walked home, boys. I'm a teflon. Teflon. Teflon all day. Yo, let me tell you. You're a mess. When I used to go to work downtown in Wall Street, bro... Yeah. Yo. I'm like, yo. Let me get on it, man. Wait, you used to work down in Wall Street? I remember. I should record Monty Table down there. Yeah, sure. Plenty of times. Plenty of times, bro. You know what I'm saying? I've been down there. Yo. White people... Taking care of the boys at lunchtime or what? What happened? Where did you unzip the duffel bag? In Battery Park, bro. All right, good. You worked on Wall Street. Yeah, man. So like 99% of your white people are fat, bro. You got three or four kids going on. You got a big ass belly. You know what I'm saying? When you sit down on the... Like the four to five trains had like the individual, you know, cutouts for the seats. It took like two and a half seats. And you never see black or Hispanic people that are fat? Very few, my man. Very few. Very, you know, thin muscular, athletic people, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, ride the E train, bro. Who are you kidding? Yeah, the E train. What's on the E train? There's some fatties on the E train. All right, man. There's some big mamas on the train, you know what I'm saying? But come on, man. Yo, me and my brother, we sit down sometimes to watch Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? No lie. Every male contestant that gets on the hot seat is fat. All of them. And they take a mad space in the train. And if you want to do... If you like trying to, you know, position yourself comfortably, because it's like a six... you know, it's like a six-minute ride from Grand Central to 14th Street. And then that thing stops in the middle and all that. And then they smell. You're right, because the United States is a very overweight country. Yeah, B. You're right. Let me tell you something. If we ever get invaded, you're dead. You're dead. I'm not invaded. That's all I'll say. Yo, Anthony, what you said, bro? Nothing, man. Think you're talking about your big SUV, your big police ID, man. Why? Yo, punk, man. That's my word, man. Driving through fields, fording rivers. Yo, man, I'm almost set, man. You people got to get the infrared headphones. Hey, oh, Dirty, in your new job, you wear a suit? No, I don't, actually. Oh. I'm plain clothes now. Ah. Hey, old Dirty. What's up, baby? We have one of your fans on line one. Yeah, you see what I'm talking about? Yeah, Joe, what's up? Yo, what's up? Old Dirty, how you doing? This guy sounds like, like, like, like when I'm at Tally Cash in Brighton Beach, I'm dead. Go ahead, man. Start berating me, breaking on me, man. Yeah, Carnoli and... Joe, let's go. Oh, sorry, guys. Old Dirty's talking. I couldn't hear over here. I'm dying here. Yeah. I can't stand when old Dirty calls up and has no friggin' idea what he's talking about. What? White people are the only fat people? What are you kidding me? I get on the four and five train every day, all I see are fat effing black people. Yo, yo. Yo, yo, yo, what? Old Dirty, you have a clue what's in that? Are you speechless? Yeah, man, you left me speechless, man. You got to remember what's going on on the four and the five train these days, man. The four and the five, you work on Wall Street. It stops right outside Wall Street. What Wall Street you work on? Man, shut up, man. I got to talk to that very green punk. Man, typical ghetto boy, man. Man, shut up, bro. You know you need a nice, you know you need a white cronies walking around Wall Street, diving through little alleyways, smoking a little joint during lunch. You smoke mad herb down there, and who was smoking to white people? You got that right. My man used to deal to this cat that was like a major player in a major investment house, my man, rolling up little joys, looking all like the white trash cracker that he was. Old Dirty, what is that? $300,000. What, you going to come and tell me that you're better than me, but you're acting even worse because you're in the suit and you claim to be like the society and we're this and we're charging world back. Okay, terrific. You know what I'm saying? You're like puffing like everybody else. Shut up. Hey, Old Dirty, you know, I just called to say that you have no idea what you're talking about. I had said nothing about me being better than you, but she just put a drag cue to me, man. You're freaking cannoli and mother flower. Oh, wow. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific, punk. Thanks, Old Dirty. You just made my day. Help me, help me, help me. All right, sir. Somebody help me, help me, help me. There we go with this race thing again, bro. I mean, why do we, why does the summer always got to get kicked off? You know what I'm saying? With the sickest? Oh, when he go to the movie theater. Oh, and there's 15 kids and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know what I'm saying? Where do you go to the movies, old man? Me? Yeah. I go to mostly Hispanic and black theater. Yeah? Yeah. Hey, Chris from Bell Atlantic. Yeah. You guys stay thin because you're running off with the 27 inch TVs. Oh, my God. No, bro, I haven't even gotten in there yet, son. And they got 27 inch TVs up in there? You know corporations like to buy Sony's, kid. Sony's is good. Sony's is good? Sony's is good. Is that their new ad campaign? Come to the lid. Sony is good. Sony's is good. Sony's is good. Yo, Harry, what's up? Yo, O.D., the only reason you all were underweight is because we have the money to buy the food. Yeah, and? And? That's why we're overweight. You have the money to buy the food. We don't have to scrounge around trash pails for food. What happened? We don't have to scrounge around trash pails for food. I just wanted to do my people scrounge around in trash pails, bro. Yo, B, look at you. You've been up in Harlem. You know what that seems like up there. What are you talking about? My people are eating? Man, my people is eating. Thanks to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. I hear you. Wicked and all that. All right, man. Keep it real, yo. Wicked, baby, wicked. We're doomed as a nation. What are you talking about? It's all good, bro. We're just doomed as a nation. Why are you saying that? We're never, ever, ever going to get along for something. You know why we're doomed as a nation, bro? Why? Because the gap between the have and the have nots is widening, my brother. Why? Bro, the white people could... Yo, there's a certain segment of the population that controls 90% of the wealth, bro. How did that happen? Gee, you asking me? I don't know. Maybe it was through hard work and ingenuity. Yeah, right. The first white man that landed on over here, yo, they robbed the Indians, man. What you talking about? You're the first piece. Oh, please. That was back in the olden days. You're the olden days. That was like the beginning of a monopoly game where you're just like, buy, buy, buy. No one pays attention to that part. You came over here and monopolized everything. The way the world was years ago was you went, you conquered, you grabbed up real estate, and now the earth is more civilized, I hope. Oh, is it? Yeah, for the most part. For the most part. Yeah, you know, people that have their land, you know, pretty much have to fight for it, but it's not as widespread as it was at the beginning when it was just go there, conquer, own until you're conquered again. It was the early part of the civilization. That's how it worked. Will you deny what's written in the history books? Did the white man come over here and rob the Indians? Rob? Essentially. We just thought we came over. Yeah, we came over. We saw some real estate. And we got the $24,000. You know what I'm saying? That was back when the strong survived and when the strong got what they wanted. Does that same mentality, that's the same mentality for right now, right? It is. Dude, we are the most powerful country in the world. We're not going over to the other countries that aren't powerful and invading them to get their real estate. What did you do with Puerto Rico? Oh, yeah. Believe me, Castro would have had your asses if it wasn't for us, okay? What do you mean, Castro? Yeah. You don't think under the umbrella of the U.S., communism and Cuba stayed out of Puerto Rico? Please, give me a break. Yeah, true, true. I'll give you that. Well, we got some great instant feedback coming in for you, O.D. Oh, great. Marie from Brooklyn writes, was Old Dirty the one who sold the cocaine to the weatherman from Channel 2? You heard about that? Yeah. What a punk-ass mother-affair, yo. And he doesn't have no... Yo, they must have been tagging his dealer. They must have been watching that, brother. I mean, come on, Snow. Snow today, Snow every day. Who you kidding, bro? The only thin sister I know is a crack whore? Oh. Joe from Jersey wants to know how many grandchildren you have? Me? Yeah. Man, my kids ain't have kids yet. How many kids you got? Who, me? Yeah. Well, one that I can document. Oh, God. Might be a few little old D's running around, man, but, you know, I mean, it's all good, man. Maybe we'll all meet up one day at the clinic or something. All right, Gary from Brooklyn. Ask old Dirty about the fat Puerto Rican chicks and spandex. You can see stains on their asses as they eat their fried bananas. Oh, you know you white boys like the fat asses and the spandex? There ain't no fat asses that belongs in the spandex anyway. Oh, my God. I am just reading what the listeners are writing. Wow. Uh, Giles from Connecticut. Syndication when old Dirty lays off the crack pipe and gets a job. Keith from Manhattan. The Black and Hispanic Movie Theater is the showroom at the Wiz. Yo, that's true, man. Sometimes you go to the Wiz, you catch a good flick, son. That's all right, man. You know, on the side, you go shopping, you know. Yeah. I tried to be a guy, man. I'm going to go to the Wiz. I tried to get some service at the Wiz during the Knicks Playoffs against, uh, who are they playing? The Pacers. Yeah. I swear to God, I could not get help. I could not get help. I was like, I need an A-B switch. I was just there recently. They have like 50 people working, too. Dude, they were all in front of the huge, brand-new TVs, man. You know what I'm saying? I could not get help. Checking out another Nick Victory. We're talking about that tonight, man. Well, as long as we keep Ewing out of the lineup, we're in good shape tonight. Yeah, no doubt, man. I think it's been proven that the Knicks are a running team. There are better offense without Ewing. We're going to need his help when we have to face the Shack Attack. Yeah, man. When it's time to deal with Shack. But that half-court setup just wasn't making it. It's definitely a schoolyard ball team, and it looks good on TV, man. I say we rest Ewing for the rest of the week, get him sent for the Shack Attack, and we're going to the finals. What you think about that foul? You saw how many times Portland had fouled him? Not Portland. About the Trail Blazers? Yeah. We talked about the Shack, yeah. Yeah, that was outrageous, man. But getting back to the black one. Come on. Sony's is better, kid. Tell them Sony's is better. It is. And I don't smoke crack, man. Cracker for the white people. We know you're not a crackhead. You like the herb, but... I mean, I don't even smoke trees anymore, because I had to take a urine test from that Atlantic. You know, Rick, shut up. Someone tells me you've got to take a urine test to get into an elevator. You see, Rick, I mean, Rick, you might as well put a price tag on you and just put on sale. You are just like the biggest sellout, man. Rick is a sorterican. He's not even sorterican. He's like, Rick, bro. Don't be ashamed of your people, man. Don't be ashamed of the brothers that eat rice and bean skin and go to a Puerto Rican day parade, man. Dude, I'm not ashamed of anything. You are, man. I am not. You know what's shameful is to listen to you open your mouth and babble some days. It makes you freak out. You're ashamed of me, aren't you, Rick? No, I'm ashamed of people like you who bring me into your clique, dude. I don't want to be associated with people with, you know, Oh, can you, you know, I'm counting on to speak English for Christ's sake. I can do it. Rickie, baby. Rickie. Rick is 100% Puerto Rican. And look, he speaks like a... Both parents were like a little over when they were kids. So they were born there. And I got to listen to this. And there are some third and fourth generation Puerto Rican families here that... Who can't even speak English. Right. Now, Rick, you would never know there's a Puerto Rican, by the way, he talks. And then they wonder why they can only get jobs washing dishes. Because people are going to come down on him for that. I like that. What are you saying? Am I making the truth in some sense? I'm not saying every single Puerto Rican can only wash dishes. I have to agree with you. Yeah, thanks, Rick. Hey, old dirty. What's up? Rick is lightening his hair, too. He's what? He's getting a little blonde in there. He's like Michael Jackson, this freaking guy, bro. He keeps a cow in the backyard. In the morning, he just stands in front of it and the cow licks his hair up. That's the cow lick. Puts a little setting spray in there. Well, at least I don't have to chase my dinner around. You're with the chickens there. Yeah, man, I'm going to get me a chicken, bro. Sign that sucker. All right, listen. We got to finish with old dirty. John, what do you have? How are you doing? What's up, guys? You're on with old dirty. You like to talk to old dirty over here? Yeah. Yeah, old D. Yeah. What's up, man? You related to Angel, the Angry Puerto Rican Man? Yeah, but we're angry people, bro. I mean, look. You're crying and moaning. Ain't nobody crying and moaning. Oh, shut up. You sound like Dr. Smith with all your whining. You like to touch the young boys, don't you, old dirty? I don't like hairless young boys. I like hairless young girls. Oh, you're very naughty. Hey, old D, man. I was at the road show the other day, man. Yeah. Yeah, thanks for the corona, yo. Oh, cool. All right. Love you, man. See what I'm saying? Hey, you guys are awesome. All right, cool. Well, we're awesome when old dirty's not on the show. Aw. What's up? What's up with that? We ain't a gang. We ain't a gang. You're all be mad. Hey, Hogflager from the Bronx writes, oh, D, how does the Knicks game look on my TV that you stole? You're looking good, baby. Get that little desk on the screen, man. You care that. Hey, hey, old D. What's up? How would you like to mow my lawn? Huh? Hello? Yo. Hey, old dirty. Yo. How would you like to mow my lawn? You mad? Yo, how much you gonna give me, man? As someone wants to know, working at fellow Atlantic, how many garbage bales do you empty a day? Yo, I am a technician, bro. The test, the test is that I pass. The test is this. All right? The test is this. Yo, I'm an intelligent guy, man, bro. Let me tell you something. I love it. Yeah. I mean, I should have established my intelligence two years ago when I started at this old place. But I'm still an old guy. I'm still an old guy. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. I'm still an old man. Exactly, Bob. The tessuses that I took, my man. You see what I'm saying? You got to make things easy. It's the tessuses, man. I'm talking about more than one touch, man. That touch was hard, my brother. I hear you, old dirty. All right, man. We're done with you. I'm done with you too, man. You cracker. You colleague boy back there, man. Go drink your free Coronas. Yo, my mom won't give me a forty right now. It's lunchtime. Let's not forget, this conversation started with us asking if you stole beer from our road show. I know I did it. Let the record state. Okay. We'll pay that record right now. Before I hang up. Did I steal beer from your road show? Yes. No, I didn't. You got caught in the park a lot. Keith helped you out and you said, I'll play the tape back, then you walked to your car with the beers. I had like five or six beers. Did you pay for them? Okay. All right. Wait a minute. Yeah, man. I left them on the counter. Yeah. Yeah, right. Louis, what's up? Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Louis, what's up? Oh, my God. I can't believe you're letting this douchebag talk. I thought the pass was douchebag. Douche your mouth, you punk. Hey, kiss my ass, douchebag. Yeah, shut up. Tessises? Tessises? Go raise some chickens, you low-riding douchebag. Hey, hey, low rider. Go raise some chickens, you douchebag. Your white boy, that's why you talked to me when I'm going down to Alabama. Tessises? Tessises? Tessises? You know me, my man, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tessises. That's all I gotta say. That one word doesn't work at all. Tessises. I be taking the tessises and I be failing the tessises. Oh, my God. You know, I finally found somebody dumber than Spaz. You gotta be kidding me, man. I think it's Spaz or the douchebag. Hey, Spaz. You can't be douchebag. Hey, Spaz, you're the new king. You're the new king. O.D. is now the dumbest man on earth. You know, your white girls, they love a stove, man. Yeah, I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. You can tuss more than half a nut. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I know. I know. Keep it up, Dirty. Keep it up. They love you because they want to see what it's like to know how to speak English properly so they go to you to see the other side. Tessises. Yeah, thank God, O.D. that the white girls like you, it weeds out all the fat ass white chicks. Yeah. So we don't have to deal with them. Yeah, O.D. Yeah, the ones who got cottage cheese for asses, they're running to you. Yo, man, shut up, douchebag. Yeah, yeah, douchebag. All right. My name is O.D. Spaz. Tessises. I take the tessises and I fail the tessises. They got it written in English and I can't read that language. All right, listen, Louis. Good job, once again. Take weed. Louis, call the bank, you, Louis. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Yeah, go take the tessises and you have to pass the fees. The tessises on the first try, it's fees. The first try, it's fees. The first try, it's fees. The first try, it's fees. The first try, it's fees. The first try, it's fees. The first try, it's fees. The first try, it's fees. The first try, it's fees. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Yeah, go take the tessises and you have to pass the fees. The tessises on the first try, it's fees. More than 65% of fees. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. We're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. I'm going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. All right, O.D., we're going to let you go, too. Take weed. Reverend Al Sharpe. Wow. So, we was in caves while black people were building empires. Black people taught philosophy and astrology and mathematics before Socrates and then Greek homos ever got around to it. Oh, boy. Unbelievable. That's a big belief with the, like, I don't know what you call it, what, black extremists? Like a black revisionist history, I think you call that, is that before civilization, like it was before recorded civilization that we have on this earth, sometime way before that, there's no record of it. temples or monuments built or machines that have been uncovered of this prehistory history. But before any of that, blacks in Africa had an empire. They had this huge empire and were teaching things like mathematics and astrology, philosophy and building things. Well, maybe the archaeologists just haven't found... Haven't dug deep enough? Haven't dug deep enough to find the empires. We found dinosaur bones for the love of God. We found everything. My God, it's a dog. And what happened? What happened to this industry, this empire? Every empire that has been on the face of this damn earth has been found. I mean, Jesus, even Jacques Cousteau, I think, found a piece of Atlantis. I don't know. I can't find any record of industry in Africa, like as far as a prehistory history before Socrates and the Greek Empire, the Roman Empire, there's nothing there but trees. Get out of here. The stuff that is being written down today. But that's a revisionist history on the part of the black extremists. Well, we'll see what the black people have to say about it. Maybe there is. Maybe they have some facts that you're unaware of, Anthony. Maybe. You never know. Because there's supposedly this huge empire and a kingdom and princes and kings and all. I've heard about this for years, but I haven't seen any record of it. Reverend Alley, he seems to think before the Greek homos, there was plenty. That's hilarious, though. He should be a stand-up comedian. How the hell, wait a minute, how do you honestly come out with a statement like that when there is no proof? And don't get on the effing phone and tell me Whitey covered it up, okay? There's a big X-Files conspiracy. cancer man covered up the entire black kingdom and empire from before recorded history. What the hell are you doing? I don't know, Rick, I can't go with your lead on this one. I don't know what you're getting at. No, we wanted the Indiana Jones music, man, so we could find the black empire. Find the lost black empire. That's the one you should be putting down. Indiana Jones and the Black Temple of Doom. That would be a good one. Right. Short round. What's that? Oh, stop. Come on, it's a fun comedy show. Give me a break. Inus is probably recording me as to get off the hook that he's a racist. Now listen to what they're doing over there. Yeah, that'll be the next Indiana Jones. We'll go to Africa and find the lost empire of Reverend Al Sharpton. The black empire. The black empire. The empire. Reverend Al will be in charge, like the guy from the Temple of Doom, remember, trying to pull his heart out. Give me that heart. Give me the red one. I'm digging it. Oh, please. What about Egypt, you a-hole ding ding ding? Okay, no, you know something? Yeah, if Al is referring to Egyptians, no, I'm not buying it. I'm not buying it. We're talking Sub-Saharan Africa. Please. And everyone knows that. Give me a break. Egyptians just have a real good tan. It's true! Oh my God! What the hell happened to you over the weekend, man? I had a very bad time at the Pavilion Movie Theater. You had a very good time in Boston. You saw a lot of white people. Oh, stop. You re-thunk your thoughts. You know what I'm talking about. You re-thunk your thoughts here. If you go and look at Africa as a continent, there is Sub-Saharan Africa and there is Saharan Africa, Egypt and what? Oh, stop it. George wants to add to Reverend Al's comment. George, what's going on? Yeah, listen, I'm Greek and I just have to say that's kind of BS. Hey, you homo. Hey, hey, watch it. I don't know how to screw sheep there. As per Reverend Al Sharpton. Listen, if Africans want to take credit for Egypt or whatever, give the Greeks some credit. Not only do we invent math, we invented philosophy. Philosophy? Philosophy. I think you can order that in a diner. There was no greater philosophizing than came from Socrates. Easy. Easy. You guys were a bunch of homos, though, dressed in your little butt. Well, I'm not going to comment on that, like I said. But we invented philosophy, we invented democracy, we invented a lot of stuff. And you invented the diner where you could get eggs anytime. I love the Greek diner where you can go in. It's one in the morning. I want two eggs over easy with sausage. It's there. And your greatest invention, souvlaki. Souvlaki. I love the souvlaki with the white sauce. All right. Thank you, George. Well, we're not done. Well, Anthony, a lot of people are checking in with things that people do that piss them off. Yeah. Glenn from Queens pisses me off when a-holes stand in front of the stairs in the subway during rush hour. Oh, yeah, great spot to stand, dickheads. That is so true, though. People that walk into a store or something, they just stop right at the door. Right. And don't let you buy... Why would you stop right here? Everyone's coming in here. Move out of the way. Jared from Oceanside. One thing that pisses me off is when all the Dominican Yankee fans root for Pedro Martinez at the Yankee games. I've noticed that. I know he's one of your boys and he's a great pitcher, but God damn it, aren't you a Yankee fan? We're supposed to hate the Red Sox. We do. I have noticed that. Jared, bravo. No, that's true, though. The Dominicans do that all the time. They root for their own boy there. We hate the Red Sox in New York. I love the Sox fans. Yankees suck, Yankees suck. Shut up. We so kick your ass, like, every year. It's just pathetic. And you could say we suck, we suck. We rule. Shut up. Do it again. Sox, go Sox. I love the Sox at the Yankees. You New Yorkers, shut up. We've got a history teacher on the line, Anthony. What's going on? Hey guys, I just wanted to add some perspective to this historical discussion being on the history teacher. And I just wanted to say one thing about civilizations is one of the great marks of them are that they have writing of some sort. Recorded history, yeah. They have five characteristics and one of them is writing. So if those are these great civilizations that Reverend Al was talking about, we would have something on them. Yeah, you know, they're just, they are known and you know, anyway, they can't write today anyway, so how are we going to do it back then? Jesus. Thank you. It always gets to that level. We're trying to stay on the subject. Things that people do that piss you off. Yeah. Ryan, the intern from Staten Island, what pisses me off is when Patrick Ewing is healthy. So true. Keep him out of the lineup and we go to the finals. What about the Zulu's? They kick them. They're saying, what about Anthony? What about the Zulu's? They kick the British ass. Yeah. Jesus Christ. When you're out number eight billion to one, like in those British, you're talking, you ever see that movie? Zulu? Yeah. Oh, it's just talking about this movie over the weekend. The English guy like, hey, hold tight, gents. Everything you need, that's fine. All of a sudden, it's like thousands and thousands of Zulu's piling over on top of the table. And then everything can be fine. Yes. Wiped out. Psychomag, you are so bad. And you're distracting us, man. Psychomag is the biggest racist. Yeah. Yeah, but we can't say anything on there and you're just distracting us. So horrible. You can't even write it. All right, real fast before we move on. Lisa, Lisa, you're next. Hi, is this Albie and Anthony? Yes. How are you? You know, I know your discussion is about, you know, what takes us off what people do. What pushes me off is when white people try to hide behind their racist mentality by saying it's just a joke, ha, ha, ha. I don't understand that. I mean, if you're going to be a racist and if you're going to talk about what you believe, admit it, but don't hide behind, ha, ha, we're just a show and we're just ha, ha, ha, joking. The things we've talked about have been true issues. So what do you have a problem with? Yeah, but you know what? You're just perpetuating, you're just grounding to all the drama that we already have in this country already. And people like you are not helping me. Shut up! But let us talk. You can't do all that criticism. Conversation, you let someone else talk. You don't even let us talk. No, but you're letting me finish. So when Chris Rock does his act, it's okay, right? No, no, no, no, no. First of all, Chris Rock makes a lot of fun of Black, Hispanics, whites and everyone. He doesn't just focus on that. But I've been trying to focus on it for an hour now. Why? All I'm hearing is jokes on Hispanics and Black predominantly. And yet you have covered yourself by saying you talk about whitey. But you know what? You're not helping us, Don. Has it been all jokes or have we addressed issues that people are, you know, hey, we go into a movie theater and we have a problem what we're not supposed to talk about it? Yeah, I agree with you. And you know what? I'll be honest, I'm a Black woman and I've had Black people in movie theaters talk. I agree. You know what? I've had white people do it and I've had white guys get in the parking lot with their beer cans and so forth and so on. And it's just as equally annoying, but I don't focus on the fact that they're white. I focus on the fact that they're people who are ignorant and don't know how to act. So what about Reverend Al's comment about the Greek homos? Are you sure that's him? It's right in the closet. It's all I know from history. I teach. I'm also a teacher. And from history I know the Ethiopians had a very strong will. Is it proven? No, it's not. What, the Ethiopians had a... Yes, the Ethiopians. They were very civilized. Start the train. Start the train. Yes, they were. And you could look that up. You could look at the whole show and have spaz on it for four straight hours. I'm going to make fun of anybody. But don't listen to this show. There's only a few hundred people, but why do you want to focus on the fact that they're white? Don't listen to this show. Tune in K2U. Don't listen to us then because this is what we're going to do. Go listen to K2U. Blah, blah, blah, blah. Here comes the 406. You guys are funny. Oh, damn. Oh, that had to hurt. Oh, that had to hurt. Oh, oh, oh. You know what the funny thing was, Opi? That whole conversation she had, she was on a cell phone at the movie theater. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. There it goes. I was pissing somebody off. We definitely have to take a break. You touch on any race issue, people get so sensitive. Whatever. If you listen to this show on a regular basis, you know exactly what we do. Please. We move around the ball field big time. Dave from Jersey, I hate when someone leaves a floater in a public toilet. Oh my God, really? What happened? It hurts so much coming out, your arms don't work, the flush? God damn. I hate when they leave a crime scene in the stall. Screw the one lousy floater. You see those crime scenes? Put the yellow tape up, yeah. Oh my God. Call the authorities to dust for prints. Someone looked like they took a salad shooter full of pudding to the plate. A bunch of things going on. Taking your phone calls, 212-757-1027. Honestly, try not to get racist here. We're just asking the simple question, what do people do that really piss you off? It doesn't matter what race. Give us a call on that. We have a wow sticker stop happening at 430 with Spaz and Gorilla Boy. Jeff Norris at GameStop Route 22 in Union, New Jersey. We're going to have a lot of fun out there. Starting at 430, get your brand new wow stickers, okay? Yes. And ladies as we speak are flashing their boobs all over the highways, Anthony. A lot of reports of wowing going on today and we love hearing that, okay? Beautiful whip of mountains. We're going to regroup by giving away some wrestling tickets and we'll get back to the phones and talk to you guys next. But right now, 10th caller gets a pair of tickets to see the WWF. June 24th at the God in 212-757-1027. Okay, and Anthony. 1027-WNEW. Hey Anthony, the Diamond Exchange. Yeah. We met the fine folks of the Diamond Exchange just before the show today. Yes, we did. Thumb through the catalog. Wow, you know, I thought it was just like engagement rings and stuff. All kinds of custom jewelry and diamonds. Yeah, they brought in a few pieces. They take pride in their work. Very creative stuff. Yeah, real beautiful stuff. I love the Diamond Exchange because the salespeople, they bring clients down to our office. All the time, yeah. Our office is a freaking mess. There is stuff on the walls that should not be seen by the normal people out there. You ever see Animal House when Dean Wormer walks into a Delta House and they're all like hiding the beer bottles and everything? That's what we're like when they bring clients in. We're like, oh, good dude. Naked pictures, just kind of disgusting sex videos all on the wall. Yeah, we just put it all away smoothly right in front of them. And we didn't have time. The salespeople didn't give us the warning. And there was just stuff all over the walls and just really rude. And they came in and they were cool. I'm like, all right, these people must be cool then. All right. Yeah, Diamond Exchange. Go down there. You want to do something special. And they do have engagement rings too. And you get the beautiful diamond, handpick it out, custom mountings. And they help you choose. Exciting collection of the most beautiful, unique and custom design engagement mountings you'll ever see. And the latest contemporary platinum jewelry. And what else, I'm looking through this. I got totally flustered by the invisible man to my right. For over 12 years, the Diamond Exchange has been the Tri-Thete area's premier source for diamonds and fine jewelry. Yeah, and the Diamond Exchange staff will help you choose from an exciting collection of loose diamonds and the most beautiful, unique and custom design engagement mountings that you will ever see, Anthony. That's what I saw. All right, basically you got to call the Diamond Exchange and check it out for yourself. 1-800-550-0633. That's 1-800-550-0633. The Diamond Exchange, Route 17 North in Paramus, New Jersey. Come see yourself while their customers return again and again. The Diamond Exchange. Powered by Opie and Anthony. Home by Infinity Broadcasting. She is 1027-WNEW. This is New York. 212757-1027 is our phone number. We're in a great mood today. It's Whiff-A-Mow Wednesday. Yeah! It looks like we have picked up the pace. A lot of people are getting flashed out there on the highways. Thank you ladies for helping out the wow movement. Get the wows on your car, people. Doubles fan from New Jersey. Hey ONA, how about sending the bands to the Metallands tomorrow night to give out wow stickers at the Stanley Cup Vitals? Give us Doubles fans some loving. Sounds good. Yeah, we should get the band out there, the wow band, to get the wow stickers. Yeah! Go, Doubles, go! Big win last night for the Doubles. Yeah! Gotta support the Doubles, Anthony. Of course! No, we're Doubles fans right here. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah. Today? Go, Islanders. Bandwagon. Jumper. Islanders in the Stanley Cup in the year 2010. Let's go! Get on the bandwagon, come on! Yeah, we should do that with the wow van tomorrow. Yeah, get down there. If you want to get a wow sticker today, GameStop, Route 22, Union New Jersey, Spaz and Gorilla Boy Jeff Norris will be there within 10 or 15 minutes, alright? Yeah. Alex, what's going on? Hey, how you doing? Great. Alright, I'm over here now in Brooklyn. You know what pisses me off? When I ride on a train, you know, I take a train every day and there are beggars all the time, you know. And you know, you have change sometimes, sometimes you don't. And you know, they really get an attitude when you don't have a change, when you don't have any change. That pisses me off, you know. I like the beggars that work for their change. Some little old dude was playing the trumpet on the end. I like that too, that's pretty cool. I actually give them dollars and stuff. Oh yeah, that's when you break it out, because you know, they're working it. What about the guy who holds the door for you at the ATM? That's a good one. They're the stupidest beggars in New York City. Because you have no money, you go into the ATM, you're not going to give the guy a 10 on the way out. Yeah, usually only denominations of $20 bill. Right. You're broke, so that's why you're going in there. You're just holding the door hoping you're going to give him something on the way out. You don't have change. Right, and it's not like those guys are some paralyzed or physically disabled people. They look perfectly normal to work, you know. Yeah, well that was worth 20 bucks holding the door. Right. And now that the warm weather is here, I notice that the 30-year-old high school students are selling the candy bars to go to Washington. You see that? It's two blocks away from us. Yeah. And there's a bunch of bozos that work here at NAW that fall for it. Every time we go to lunch, I'm like, look at them. They're like, I'm in high school. 30-year-old high school students. I'm serious. Want to buy a candy bar? We're trying to go to Washington. No, you're not. Yeah. All right, syndication, I'm over here now. All right, Alex. Take it easy. Bye. ONA, yesterday my sister was listening to Z100 and they were talking about putting a Z-free money sticker on cars. Z-free money sticker. And then they're like, if you have a sticker that says, wow, take it off because it won't get you anything. Oh, yeah. Only boobs. A wow sticker will get you a lot more than a Z-free sticker. What losers? Z-free sticker. A Z-free money sticker? That is the stupidest thing. Do you think anyone wins money on those stupid bumper sticker radio station campaigns? That's why we did wow. It's a no-brainer. People give you something, boobs, just for putting the sticker on it. It doesn't have to be someone from the station driving around. Let me explain something about radio. We'll take down the curtain again here, Ed. Yeah. A station like Z100, okay? So they have these Z-free money stickers. Z-free money sticker, everybody. Get your sticker on. We're going to be giving you cash. So they're hoping to get maybe a couple thousand stickers out there. And they'll give prizes to maybe 10 to 20 people. Tops. I guarantee you, as we sit here on this fine Whippermill Wednesday, that hundreds upon hundreds of people are seeing stuff on the highways because of our wow stickers. Won't get you nothing. They are so jealous of our wow sticker campaign. Have you seen how many cars come in and out of this city? Have you seen the traffic? Do you know the numbers of cars that are coming in and out of this city? Do you know the numbers of cars that are driving on this road? What are the odds that you're going to stick a Z100 sticker on your car and someone from that station is going to see it? And what, like pull you over and give you money? Pull you over and give you Britney Spears tickets or something? Here's a better chance of getting pulled over with a gun to your head and someone taking your car in this city than there is of you getting money. See, the wow sticker's cool because the potential of every girl with boobs is the one that's giving you the prize. It doesn't have to be someone that works here instead of one prize van giving out money. We have thousands and thousands of women that are willing to flash guides that have wow in their car. That's the beauty of it. And the only reason they're bringing it up on that stupid station is because they are very, very jealous of our bumper sticker campaign this five season. Because let's face it, wherever you go, you're seeing wow. You're seeing wow. That's it? You don't have to bump into anybody except the woman with boobs. They're giving away the prize. And just to put it in perspective, do you guys realize we ordered 150,000 brand new wow stickers? Yeah. Guess how many we have left? How many? Practically none. Really? We're going to have to reorder. Practically none. Well, I'm seeing them all over the place now. We're putting another rush order in to get more stickers and we're going to have to get the homemade versions. We love the homemade versions still. I'm very flattered when I see the homemade wows on the car. It's WhipMet Wednesday. It's a beautiful day. Get the wow on your car. So they can say whatever they want, but they're goddamn jealous of this radio station, our show, and our listeners that are just going nuts over this wow thing. Yeah, get that wow off your car. Get the Z100 sticker on there. That'll get you something. We're paying you to listen to us. If you want to get a wow sticker, self-addressed stamped envelope, they're still coming in like crazy. Like Backstreet Boys fan mail every day. We get the big, huge post office freaking sack filled with self-addressed stamped envelopes. Speaking of ridiculous other radio station stuff, you see the new commercial with that small dome chick and Terry Gahr for light FM, I guess it is. I joke with Sandy about it. It is a little bit of a joke. I'm not joking. I'm not joking. It's a light FM, I guess it is. I joke with Sandy about it all the time. It is the lamest crap. If you're a radio guy, that is the biggest embarrassment in the world. Terry Gahr is sitting there with that small dome, I guess her name is, and she says, here's how easy it is to play the music and not talk some kind of happy horse crap like that. And she, small dome reaches over and pushes a button, doesn't say a word, and folds her arms. That's her monkey ass job. She shugs like, that's all I do. So I guess she was getting pissed and now there's an ad where she actually talks. But she's like, and that was some crap, insert crap band here on light FM and Terry Gahr and her stuff. I swear to God, when you see her and Terry Gahr sitting in those seats, all you want to do is burst in the studio and spray them with banana juice. I swear to God, I want to step on the console and say, I know Dice, I could do the entire job with a dildo in my mouth. Can I say that? I know Dice, I'm small, I'm Valerie Smalldome, I can do this entire job with a dildo in my mouth because I don't have to talk, I just have to press buttons. Where's Terry Gahr? Terry Gahr, she was hot for 10 minutes. She's old now, she's been around forever. She only needs one hand. I could diddle myself and seg songs with a dildo in my mouth. All I need is one arm. Our guest DJ today, Christopher Reed. And we don't even have to do anything different to the studio. He's just got to roll up to the console. I'll do another visual impression. I love your visuals. So do the people. He's good at the audio impressions, which is very important if you're doing a radio show. I'm good at visuals though. This is my impression of Christopher Reeve DJing the show. And he has to hit commercials. Wait, I need my seat lowered. It's a visual bit, of course. By the way, as we get ready for the visual impression, that's as low as it goes. Give me a sticky seat. Where's the short chair? If you want to get one of these Wow stickers, self-address stamped envelope, WNAW, 10th floor, 888 7th Avenue, New York, NY 10106, attention Wow sticker. I think that addresses on the WNAW website. All right, my visual impression of Christopher Reeve DJing, and let's say it's light FM. Okay, here he is, ready to go into a Celine song from Spots. Okay. Wait, wait, wait, we need the Celine song. Okay, where's the Celine song? Because when the music ends, the jock has to do the clever seg that you don't even notice at home. They're pushing the button in between songs and it's so smooth, so seamless, you don't even notice. That's how you're supposed to do it. So, Opie will do Christopher Reeve as the stand-in DJ for Valerie Smalldone. Yeah, we're just trying to find Celine Dion. Sorry about that. Am I loaded here? Oh yeah. What's the cap in here? Just hit the... Here's Celine Dion ending in Christopher Reeve. Christopher Reeve at light FM. All right, Opie's wheeled up to the board, got chest high. All right, there's the song ending. And eyes moving back and forth, looking troubled. And dead air. He's just sitting there, not in the... That is just horribleness. So I guess Christopher Reeve couldn't officially DJ later. Valerie Smalldone is better than Christopher Reeve. Is what we're learning here, because if the song ended, he still wouldn't be able to do anything. See, he can push the button. All right, here it is. Oh, God, look at his eyes. His eyes are looking very distressed, very troubled that he can't hit the button. You're horrible. Thank you. Valerie Smalldone. Thank you, Anthony. I could diddle myself, have my hand on a big giant piece of man meat, have a dildo firmly in place in my mouth, and still play the songs and get approval from Terry Gar. Well, this is the first making fun of Max Mycroft. This is the first making fun of other radio shows and other radio jocks and they don't belong to our company. This is good. God damn, we were going to buy them. And before we end this break, if you ever see Anthony and I in dresses, advertising for our show on TV, please drive up to the station and shoot us in the back of the head. Oh, God. What is that? That is embarrassing. In dresses. How pathetic do you have to be dressed in drag on TV to promote your stupid radio show? It's not worth it. Just strap on the frigging appliances and go at each other's butts. Ugh. With the dress and then the big punchline that they were just, what, dreaming or something? I don't even know how it goes. And then one of them, Todd, is still wearing a dress. You can pretend you're dreaming but you're on TV wearing dresses. And I hear that's like a big commercial all over the United States in different markets. Yeah, well. Like the Slappy and Wappy Show in Phoenix does the same commercial. Yeah, for all your PLJ fans out there, if you are fans of their show, you're like, oh, wow, man, they're so creative. Look at their little TV commercial promoting their morning show. Yeah. See, that commercial is done all over the country. It's just different jocks and different dresses. It's a four-nil commercial. It tested very well in our research so we have it in all different markets. We just can't do the same spot in overlapping markets. And if Scott Jennings gets another facelift, he's going to have, you know what, hanging from his chin. A schlong. I got a schlong hanging from my chin. There's a schlong. Look at this. I'm squeezing my sack on my neck. I'm like a big rooster. Why do you need so many facelifts if you're on radio? I look like Foghorn Leghorn with the scrotum on my chin. Oh, brother. All right, Andy, I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. And we have to take a break. We have a nice surprise for everyone right now. As Whip-A-Mouth Wednesday continues, we got some clips from our roadshow from last Thursday, Anthony. Yeah. Some of the highlights where some of the guys performing their most offensive songs at. Yes. A lot of video clips. A lot of brand new video clips up on foundrymusic.com today. Steve got the clip of Steve Lynch doing FBA up there. It's hilarious. With the additional verses. It's amazing. And we're going to be doing a live show on our roadshow. F-O-U-N-D-R-Y music.com. F-O-U-N-D-R-Y music.com. Okay? Right. But right now, here's our buddy, our pal. He's a rock star. Fuel, live from our roadshow in front of about 2,000 people, singing a song you all know and love. Baby raper. Gentlemen, start your wacky. Baby raper, Wednesday. Are you mashing me naked? Overload. Pleasure overload. I'm going to be using my breath to get other people's attention. I'm going to be using my breath to get other people's attention. I'm going to be using my breath to get other people's attention. I'm going to be using my breath to get other people's attention. The brain is in their pants. Yeah. 187WMW. Yeah, at least we admit it. 2127571027. Let's go to Danny. Danny, what's going on, man? Hey, how you doing? We're having fun today. I just called because I had a little bit of a complaint and then I knew I was going to die. I just called to tell you to leave the party. You're supposed to entertain the millions of listeners, not the five people in the studio. I was cranking up, visualizing in my own head. There you go. You paint the picture in your own head. That's why it kind of works. I was thinking one thing that maybe Krishna really could do it, like they put those big long straws in those people's mouth and can't move any other part of the body. They can push the button on the long straws. Maybe that could help them. Thank you, Danny. Thank you. Tindication don't care, but I live in New York. Alright, cool. Let's go to Tom. Tom, you're next on any W. I think Tom's at the sticker stop. Oh yeah. Guys, I mean Union. Hey guys, they're right out of the line! Yo, uh... They don't even look. Sorry man, your van, they just crashed it into a piling in front of the store. They didn't crash it, did they? Dude, I am not lying to you. There is a big dent on the side of your van. Guys, LNA's on the line! Who is driving? Uh, I can't tell right now. You gotta be lying. They should be calling us any minute. I am not lying to you. Aw, they dumped it, the van. Alright, was it Spaz driving? Spaz was driving the wild van today? I heard Spaz is the worst driver in history. Hold on Tom, hold on. Look, he's talking to himself. I got Joe from GameStop here. He said he knows you. Hey, alright, put Joe on. Here he is. Hey, what's up? Hey, how you doing? Oh, something happened with the van. Oh, they got hung up on it. What happened with the van? They better be calling soon. They'll call. Alright, well we gotta make an announcement. Too much is going on with this radio show. You guys, the faithful listeners of the Opie and Anthony show, stop giving us pot. Thank you. We don't need any pot. No more pot for the boys. We're crashing vans. All sorts of crap is going on. Unbelievable. Do you really think Spaz crashed the van in front of GameStop? I don't doubt it. From what I hear, he is the worst driver ever. So why don't we allow him to drive the wild van? Alright, let's hear how it wasn't his fault. Alright, we got Spaz on the line. He's at GameStop, Route 22, Union, New Jersey, giving out the brand new wild stickers. Spaz, Spaz. Watch your time with the van on. How's it going guys? Great. What happened to the van? People called in already? Yeah, what happened to the van? I just got here and Big Kev was directing me onto the curb. He will say it's not his fault. No, no, no. It wasn't his fault. It's just a minor, minor, minor thing. What happened? What's wrong? Well, I kind of scraped, I kind of like, well I was trying to jump the curb and the mirror just slammed into the door and I kind of, it's just a little scratch on the side. It's no big deal. Like I'm Ward Cleaver and he's friggin' Wally. I don't care, just tell me what happened to the truck. I kind of just, it's just a tiny scrape on the side against a stone pillar. Against a stone pillar, just a little scrape. Give me the exact dimensions of said scrape. Well, I'm about to exit the car. Alright. I'm going to pull the van and get a check out the damage. Oh, there's the damage. Oh, sorry, on the front. Excuse me. So he was saying it's nothing before he even looked. Yeah. Oh my God. No, no, no. Look. It's just a tiny scratch. How big? More than a foot long. A foot long? About a foot. Oh my God. Know how much money that cost to paint up that wow vent. Dude, we just got the van painted. Do we need this little plastic thing in front? What plastic thing? There's a plastic thing that's at the edge of the car door, between the edge of the car door and the tire on the passenger side. Oh, the whole fender thing? It's the running door. It's the running door. The running door came off? Well, it's hanging by a thread. You are too much. It's really not that bad. It's not that bad. I can wipe it off. Alright, this is the deal. Whose email is available right now? Because people go to these appearances now with the digital cameras. Someone send us a picture of the van so we can check it out for ourselves. Yes, someone get their digital camera, upload it to a site and email us the address to the web space that it's in. No, they can do it through the instant feedback. Yeah, that's what I mean. Yeah, do it through the instant feedback. Get a digital picture of the van. We've got to check it out. We're not waiting for Spaz to get back to the station. I'd say it's about 50, 60 bucks damaged tops. Oh, yeah. 50, 60 bucks. There's no such thing. You ding someone's door and that's a couple hundred. It's not dented or anything. It's just a little scrape. And what about the running board? A little bit. Hey, Spaz? What? Spaz? Yes? You hit a wall. Yes? Wait, let us talk to the listeners. Someone's saying you hit a whole wall? Who said they hit the wall? Is Jeff Norris there, Gorilla Boy? No, Big Kev here. Hold on. Gentlemen. Big Kev. What's up? Tell us exactly what happened. Okay, here's what happened. We're pulling up onto the sidewalk that's in front of the store. Right? Yeah. It's a wide sidewalk. The van can obviously fit on it. And as we're pulling up, there's a little, one of the little handicapped accessible ramps that's built into the curb. Yeah. As he, Spaz, was coming up the curb, when his first tire was on the ramp, the second tire was caught, if you will, because the ramp, obviously not wide enough for the whole van, was caught. And he, a little perhaps overzealous. Goose did it, jumped up the curb. Yeah. Hit the gas perhaps a little too much and accidentally, slightly kind of hit the stone pillar that's holding up the awning. Good. Good. Good. It doesn't look that bad. I mean, to me. But you've seen my car, Opie. Yeah, your car is a mess. How many people are out there, Kev? There are several hundred people out there and they are all witnesses. Very good. Put Spaz back on the line. Okay, hold on. Thank you, Big Kev, helping us out at the sticker stop. Game Stop, 22 Union, New Jersey. They're all laughing at Spaz right now. Get your wow stickers. Hello? Spaz? Yeah? Are they laughing at you? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah? Are they laughing at you? Yeah. People recommend that I get shoe polish or spray paint. Spaz? Yeah? Ken walked into the studio. He wants to talk to you. Ken? What the hell was that? Just people screaming because your guys are bashing me. You sure? Or did a girl like flash? No, there's no girl flashing here yet. Oh, yeah. Ken wants to talk to you. What, Ken? Yeah, he's not too happy. I'm sorry. I came head on into the sticker shop. I didn't expect it. I had to get over the curb. I ended up at the gas. Who put the pillow there anyway? Kevin, what happened? It's just a minor scrape as if you fell down and skidded your knee. I was trying to jump over the curb and I hit the gas just a little too far. Spaz? Yes? Ken's in the studio and he wants to talk to you. I'm going to get a wet paper and clean it up. What happened, Kevin? I tried jumping over the curb and hit the gas. This will come out of your pay. Beside the door is just a little scrape. You're a tool. And then so was the side of the mirror. Quit whining. You're whining like a child. Give out the wow stickers. Okay. If anyone can get a digital picture of the damage to the van, please email it to the instant feedback for us. Everyone's suggesting we put the damages on his credit card. I have $4 left. All right, Spaz. Have fun out there. $4. It's cosmetic surgery. All right, Spaz. At GameStop, Route 22, Union, New Jersey. Give out the wow stickers. Someone sent me a link. I hate these people. What? Somebody's spreading. Hey, it's Mark Brown. Oh my God. I hate you, man. Ben from Long Island. Thanks. Hey, Frank, what's going on? What's up, guys? How are you? Hey, I know something that I really hate. Yeah. I've season tickets to the Yankees. Yeah. And every time I go, it never fails. It's some cheap ass no ticket buying mother effers are in my feet. Yeah. Don't you hate that? And then they look at you like they have an attitude. Yeah, they get annoyed. They're like, oh, you showed up. This is my seat. This is now my seat. Well, it's even worse. They give you like the badass look like, I ain't moving. Right. Even after you show them the tickets, I own the seats. And then you get an usher. And now it's awkward because the usher has to chase them out of your seats. Right. You know they're waiting up on the Fortran platform. Yeah. There you go. That's pretty good. All right, you guys. Thank you. Take it easy. Bye. Very good. Spazzle whiny. He hasn't been on the radio in a while, so he figured out, you know. He'll crash the van and get some air time. Good way to get some air time, really. Brian, what's going on? What's up, guys? How are you? Hey, I don't know the story yet because I've only seen a commercial for the 5 o'clock newscast. But apparently the city is going to decide to pull the Big Apple Double Decker buses off the streets. Yeah, I heard that on wins. Yeah. The state suspends Big Apple licenses. So I guess you guys are a small step closer to taking over the world. Thank God. Yeah, those Double Decker's have got to go. Because they're going to be the biggest deal. They're going to be the biggest deal. They're going to be the biggest deal. They're going to be the biggest deal. They're going to be the biggest deal. Yeah, this just did it. The state has shut down New York Apple tours in New York City. The governor announced today that an investigation by the State Department of Motor Vehicles environmental conservation, insurances and transportation determined there were hundreds of violations against the company. What are we going to do on our vacation now when we go to New York? It's too bad. I wonder how many people actually threw feces at them like we recommended. They drive around like monkeys in a cage. Look at the people walking down the sidewalk. They're real New Yorkers on their way to work. He's got the newspaper and his cup of coffee. All the rubes from Oklahoma on the top deck of the bus with their video cameras. So I figured that we could all act like real monkeys in a cage and just fling feces at them and start spanking our monkeys right in front of them. Give them some real video to take home. Joe from Queens and Spaz crashed because the invisible man distracted him. That could happen. Yankee bleacher creature, can anyone at the God forsaken station drive an effing van? Jerry Lewis from Manhattan. Spaz's debt has now surpassed 50k. Add it to the tote board. Things that annoy me, morons who can't drive and run wild vans into poles. I just got a job driving for the tour bus company. This is terrible. This is supplementing my income. Baby, what are we going to do baby? Well at least it got there on time. That's pretty good. Hey Lynn, you're next on any W. Hey, how are you doing guys? I wish you much happiness on this year's weekly holiday. Ah yes, Whip them out Wednesday. Have you flashed anyone yet today? No, I haven't. Actually, I have two gripes if you let me air them both. I wish you guys would extend Whip it Out Wednesday to women as well. I mean you asked us to flash you guys. How about you guys flashing us? Why don't you spread the joy? Well for some reason when a girl shows her boobs it's really cool and everyone can handle it and it's great. When guys start flashing their junk, the police get involved and haul them away for exposure, you know, public exposure. It's just the way it works. Yeah, double standard but that's the way it is. Well, at least you guys acknowledge that it's a double standard. But on to my original gripe. And it's Whip them Out Whenever at this point. Okay, alright, I'll buy that. You see how you flash them. The nature of my work forces me to drive all over the place every day and nothing raises my blood pressure more than people who just hang out in the left lane and drive oh, 15, 30 miles an hour. And this is on the Bell Parkway. I'm sorry, they should save their self-righteous indignation for the right lane where it belongs. Get your sorry ass whoopie out of my way. I have work to do. We've addressed this many times, the people in the left lane that don't know till I get over. I don't understand it. I'm constantly scanning my mirrors, you know what I mean, looking behind me and decide if I see I'm in the left lane, I have a clear road in front of me, which never happens by the way. And I look in my mirror and I saw a line of cars. What do you think? Maybe I'm holding up traffic? Oh, they're oblivious. I swear to God, they're oblivious. They're in their own little world. Sorry. Well, oh, you're cursed there. They're not oblivious. Anthony brought it up yesterday. We started on this little topic. There are a lot of people out there that think they're the most important person in the world and they don't give a crap about anyone else. Yeah, this is true, too. But again, Ant and I have a very simple driving rule. It's called get the F out of the way. Right. If you're in the left lane, I don't care if you go on 55, 60 miles an hour, you're going to get the F out of the way. You're going to get the F out of the way. You're going to get the F out of the way. Exactly. It's their ticket. It doesn't matter how fast you go on the left lane. There are people like, well, I'm in the left lane and I'm doing the speed limit. You're the problem. Well, that's as I said, save the indignation for the right lane. Get out of my way. Well, I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. I'm glad you're not. They're going to go back to them any second. If you see them, you push your boobs on TV, I will give you cold hard cash. Yeah, we'll give you cash. Thank you, Alex. I'll see you guys later. Syndication with our DJ, Phil and himself. All right, thanks. How much we got, you think? How much can we scrape up? I don't know. Trust me enough. We have enough people that are... A few hundred. A few hundred. I'm talking close to a grand I'm going to try to get. Yeah. You got to get naked boobs on TV. I got to see them when they go to the live show. Yeah, I don't know if it's going to happen. Oh, come on. Come on. Come on. I'm dying over here. I am dying over here. That's probably the shot now. All right, hang up on all these people because there's people trying to do this for us. Yeah, if you got a cell phone, you're really close to 48th and 8th. We got to clear some phone lines so people can possibly get through. We'll talk you right through it. We will talk you through the wowing. Could you see how they would freak out if they see live boobs on a network news broadcast? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. It's a real long tape segment. You know they're all on DEFCON 1 or whatever. All right, they're going to go live any second. I mean, I don't think we have anyone out there right now, but they're going to go live for the rest of the afternoon. We'll see. We'll see what happens. Also, on the way on this radio show, we're playing some of the songs that were performed live at a road show this past Thursday in front of 2,000 people. The live versions, yes. The live versions. All right, he's live on the sidewalk right outside Big Apple Tour. See, this would be perfect. Girl, just jump out. Oh, my God, imagine that. Just walks out that doorway, shows her boobs, and she gets cold hard cast from ONA. Oh, it doesn't look like this chick's going to flash. No, no, no. The old bag. All right, I don't think it's going to happen this time. He's frightened. Well, they're going to go live. Boy, they got a tight shot, huh? Yeah, they're going to go live at 530. There's one of our listeners, you can tell. He's just flying under the air. Come on. Ah, we've cut away. All right. All right, we'll try to make this happen. Yeah. They're going to be doing plenty of live shots. 48 today, first girl to show their boobs live on TV today. Cold hard cast. And on the way, Stephen Lynch performing FBA Anthony. Yeah. In front of 2,000 people, the extended version from our road show. It was huge. I think we're going to do it right after break. And really fast. Did you see the story? I think it was in the Daily News. Yeah. New York 1. Screw New York 1. Who watches New York 1? There's someone on the hall, yeah. That could be Mark. Why, Mark ran down there? Yeah, something there. Oh, there you go. Let me see if I got him here. Psycho Mark. Yeah, what's up? Are you down at 48 today? I'm on my way there right now. It's 48 today, right? Yeah. All right, I'm about halfway there. I'll call you right back when I get there. Dude, talk to a girl that's going live. They'll go live at 5.30 as well. They're going live at 5, 5.30? Yeah, they're going to be live at 5.30 and 6 o'clock. Oh, beautiful. I'll be there. All right, man. Let us know what's going on. Yeah, I will. All right, now we got our reporter on the scene. We'll get something going. All right. Hold hard cash, first lady showing live boobs on TV. Did you see the story on the post? It was either the post or the Daily News. A French brother and sister vowed yesterday to continue their fight for the right to keep their dearly departed mother in a freezer in their home, Anthony? Yes, we went to El Mazel. What does that mean? They can't. They're not going to be there. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. They can't. They're saying they can't be separated from their mother, who died last July and has remained in a morgue freezer since then. Can you say dysfunctional freak family? Holy smoke. They put her in a glass-sided freezer at the morgue, and they go and visit her, and they want to move her body to their home and have it on display in the basement or something in this damn freezer. Do you ever have a blackout in your house? You ever see what happens to your tapioca if it's left overnight with a blackout? You open up your freezer, it's like a war scene with your ice cream melted onto the bottom of it. Not even with the mother would, although it is French, it might not smell. Come on, we all know the French don't shout. Oh my God. Yeah, they want to preserve their mother in a glass-sided freezer in the basement of their house. Yes. They want a big hole left in the glass where her vagina is so she can continue to be a hurlbag. I mean, what do you want your dead mother? That's sick. That is really sick. I'm horny for dead models, because dead models stink up our basement. Ugh. What a... it's obvious that... how old are they? They're in their 50s. They're in their 50s, brother and sister. Unmarried teachers. Let me tell you, they are banging each other. They're banging each other. I'll say it definitely. These two are definitely having sex with each other. They still live in the same house where their mommy lived. Their mommy dies and they want to keep her in a glass-sided freezer in the basement. Norman, she's a whore, Norman. And their teachers, they're arguing in court that more than 100 Americans have their bodies preserved by freezing. Who? The United States doesn't allow frozen corpses to be kept in homes. We think we are suffering injustice. French law is the toughest in the world with regard to this. Is he dead? Says the sister. Yes, oui oui. Isn't Walt Disney on ice? That's the Walmart, right? Walt Disney on ice. They can just set her up like an animatronic thing. Who the hell wants to... that's morbid. That's insane. You know, when they give you the heebie-jeebies, if you're in the basement, all of a sudden the lights go out. Oh, yeah. I'm a whole dead mommy and it's pitch black and I don't know where I am. Where are you? Come here, son. But I'm dead. It's awful cold, Jimmy. Mommy's cold. Get Mommy a blanket. All right, you're freaking me out. Oh, precious. Shut up. Get Mommy. Get Mommy a hug. Jay, what's going on? Jay, what's up? I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. What's up, guys? Hey. Listen, I'm on Grand Concourse in the Bronx and I'm doing all these news reports. All the fans are asking me to double-punch the car, ride the wild sign, and get boom lush by the Channel 2 producers. Really? They're on to us. Take them over. Listen, two city cops, they're on bikes. Square the sign for me. Say, move your car. We're going to try to get the sign on to you. Oh, cool. All right. Yeah, we've got to get some live boobs on live TV today. So, kick it as soon as possible. Thank you, Jay. Later. Really fast, Jeff Norris. We've got a story about the van that's fast crashed. Gorilla Boy, what's up? What's up, man? Make it fast. We've got to take a break. From that one, let me drive. You've got about $700 damage at least. See, $700 in damage from the fast crash in the yellow van. I'm not going to play you something, guys. I did one better. I came in my truck and I don't bring a dented van. You know what I brought? I brought Trish from the road show and she's getting the crowd going. Watch this. Hey, Trish, give him a flash. Guys, this is it. Hey, folks. Good boy. Hey, guys. Hey, guys. Hey, guys. Hey, guys. Hey, guys. Hey, folks. Good boy. It's a mob scene and we've got players tonight. Oh, that rocks. One up for the Gorilla Boy, two down for Spanx. Yeah, Gorilla Boy gets the job done. Thanks, Jeff. All right, man. All right, there he goes. GameStop, Route 22, Union, New Jersey. A little party's breaking out over there, Anthony, as I give out the brand new wow stickers. Psycho Mark, he's at 48th and 8th. We're all over the place again today. Yeah, so we're going to have to get the guys to the stage. We're going to have to get the guys to the stage. We're going to have to get the guys to the stage. We're going to have to get the guys to the stage. Yeah. Hey, they even got Telemundo over here. Telemundo. Telemundo. So what are our odds of getting boobs on live TV today? Boobs on live TV? Majorly. Majorly good. The only problem is I have no boobs to go with me. See, well, we need a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little to enter a glass pop. None of brand Amiga. But enough, you have to be careful at first. dim, double-decker tour buses that they just shut down anyway. So now all the rooves, they don't know what to do either. Hey, go get yourself Time Out New York, the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. They'll tell you what to do. Run out and out of the newsstand, pick it up, Time Out New York's summer concert preview issue. You plan on going to at least one concert this summer, you can't afford to miss this issue, including a roundup of out-of-town classical music fests. Will you be going to any classical music fests, Opie? Uh, yeah, I would check that out, to be honest, sure. A guide to free outdoor concerts. A little Shakespeare in the Park maybe? A guide to free outdoor concerts, including Central Park's summer stage. The lowdown on eight acts that are rockin' the New York City club circuit and a rundown of the summer's jazz festivals. Yeah, groovy. For a subscription, give them a call, 1-888-GET-TONY, Time Out New York, the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. Get it and get out. Alright, it's Time Out New York, the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. Tell me what you want me to do. Yo, it should be a D! Whip-a-Mouth Wednesday. It's going to be fun! Boobish gigantic. That's against the law. It should be. It'll be a necktie. Whip-a-Mouth Wednesday! I just love being naked. Oh yeah! BW. Wow! What a great Whip-a-Mouth Wednesday in progress. Oh yeah. The sightings all over the Tri-State area, coming in like crazy. Very busy show, Anthony. We have Psycho Mark trying to get on live TV at 48th and 8th. He'll be checking in soon. First girl to show her boobs on live TV. Cold hard cash today from your pals, OP and Anthony. Cash! Cash is right. Let's go to Mark. Mark, what's going on? What's up, buddy? What kind of cash are you talking about? We're scraping up quite a few bucks over here. He's on his way downstairs from work right now. He's up for it. He wants to know how much. Well, well. We're at Fifth Avenue right now. We're going to be heading down there. Where's Mark at? What's he look like? He'll be the psychotic one down there. It's obvious which one he is. It's stupid to negotiate. The first girl to do it will take care of her. Alright, cool. We'll be there then. Bye. Let's go to Simon. Simon, you're next on N.E.W. How are you? Simon! Whatever your name is. Whatever your name is that we're talking to right now. Right now, you, you, you, you. Speak. He's there too. Jerry, how are you, Jerry? Good. I want to help you out with your pledge for cash, boys. I'm going to donate $100 to the first woman down there. Just to make your W.O.W. Day special. Alright, nice. We're going to count on you if it happens. Put me on hold. I'll give you my address. Alright, cool. I'll come down there and bring you the money. Well, if it happens, just come down. Alright, man. Thank you. Let's go to Chris. Chris, you're next on N.E.W. Hi. Hi. How are you doing? Good. I was on, I listened to Z100 today, right? Yeah. And they said, know how it goes, Z100, and it gives out, get the Z100 bumper sticker. No, I don't know. Oh, well, it said, get the Z100 bumper sticker, it'll get you more than the W.O.W. sticker. Yeah, whatever. Alright, how jealous of those guys. Wherever you look, there's W.O.W. stickers all over the place. Yeah, I know. I never really see a Z100 sticker either. Tell them to shut up and keep playing their stupid Britney Spears and leave us alone. Alright, in the case of whatever. Alright, let's go to Rod. Rod? Whoa, Rod, what's up? Hey, Rod? Yo. Hey, you're on the air, man. Hello, babe. Yeah. Yeah, guys, man. We were over at Union. Yeah. We pulled up, we got a VCR going, a cab quarter going. Yeah. And Span's looking at the damage he did to the truck. It is hilarious. Oh, yeah? Do you have the actual accident? Hello? His phone is cracked open. Oh, I got phones. Well, we'll get a copy of that video on the official website. Yeah. Alright, Anthony, let's play FBA. Yeah. From the Roadshow. Call the live version, the live cut. We might have to break into the show because they could be going live any minute. Yes. From 48th and 8th, Psycho Mark on hand. So, we'll start the bit. If we have to stop it, we will, alright? But Steven Lynch, appearing at another one of our Roadshows, we thank him. He did FBA in front of 2,000 people, Anthony. Yeah, it's the extended version. Yes, his new CD, A Little Bit Special, is coming out in about a month. It's going to be absolutely huge. 21 tracks total, Anthony. Cool. A lot of the songs you know and love from this radio show, plus a bunch of new ones. I'm talking about Jim Henson. Oh, really? Tall Glass of Water. Jim Henson. Mother's Day. Ray Don Chong, which I've heard him do live. Yeah. It's hilarious. Bitch. I think he's done that one. Hair. Track 20 is just called Gay. But here he is at our Roadshow doing the song that started it all. FBA in front of 2,000 Wunatiks. I don't usually do cover songs, but this one's very special to me. So I brought one of the co-authors of FBA, Mike Dinacola. Let's hear it for Mike. Mike Dinacola! Mike has been kind enough to write a little extension to the song. So if you listen closely, you might hear some things you haven't heard before. Down till my target went, Sarcoma popped out all over my face. I lost three teeth and all of my friends. Looks like this time I'm nearing the end of my life. Who needs a lie, no reason to fear When you're flat on your back, counting all your risks I went to give blood, they just showed me the door I stood up to leave, and I fell on the floor full of loathing Everybody now, there's that man, Horne Damn that Horne I said, damn that Horne Yeah, damn that Horne Let's break it down now. Mike Dinacola's going to do a little spoken word. A little poetry. Because I know you guys can appreciate some good poetry, right? Well, the FBA has set in and he's left feeling a little low. Here you go, Mike. Well, now I've got AIDS. I don't feel so good. So I'm going to go out and share it with my neighborhood. Bartender, waitress, here's your tip. That end acne above my lip. Oh, you have to leave? Well, that's okay. I've got time to kill, maybe two or three days. I'm sitting alone humming the song. I start to think about everyone who's done me wrong. Who's done you wrong? A fifth grade teacher, Mr. Beck. You're going to find a hypodermis in your neck. Agents in my restaurant. What about them? The tip's blue. Well, that ain't half and half in your stew. And Wendy, you remember me. Wendy? She took me up for prom. But I won't affect her. You won't affect her? I'm going to affect her mom. Her mom? She's still blonde AIDS. She's still blonde AIDS. Oh my God. That is so wrong. God damn, what is wrong with them? There's a video clip of that performance on FoundryMusic.com. Many video clips from our road show from last Thursday. What a brutal rendition of FBA, I must say. Mike? Hey, Mike, yay. Hey. How are you? Good. I was just going 21 North. Two girls just flashed me the car. How cool. I gave them the wow sign, man. It was great. Right on, man. Congratulations. What? Congratulations. Yeah. Your car thing works. Yeah, of course it works. I love it. I love it, man. All right, Mike, thank you. All right. Bye. Listen how happy he sounded, Opie. I see that. He saw boobs. He put the wow on the car. It's as easy as that. We don't have to spot you. No. It's not a wacky radio contest where, hey, if we spot you driving in the other end of the world, in the other 8 million cars that are cruising around the area, we're going to give you like a hundred bucks. Yeah, please. All right, and cross your fingers. They're going live on all the news stations in the very near future. Yeah. Live boobs on TV, cold hard cash today. The first sortie being flown at 530, all the live shots at the, where is that, 48th and 8th? Yeah. By the New York Big Apple Bus Tours. Yes. Psycho Mark's down there. It's been reported that every single news station knows that he's there. Oh, really? Yeah. They're all pointing them out? That this could be a rubble on live TV today. Because he does not care. You watch what he tries to do to get on TV today. You know what's going to be almost as funny as Psycho Mark getting on TV? Watching the defensive moves of the people on the live shot. In the background. This is going to be like in a phone booth. Closed in, the tights nostril shot so there's no one in the background. This is going to be pretty funny. Now, you know what's going to end up? Mark's going to become the Shane McMahon of the show as he tries to, and as they start chasing he starts running away but he's still talking tough. He'll run away. And he'll run from one live shot to another so it doesn't matter. The guy's got more balls than brains. All right, and we're going to start our break. Yeah. If anything crazy happens. What's going on? Oh wait, we got Psycho Marks? They're all on the roofs. Psycho Mark, what's going on? They're going to the top of the truck. All the reporters are going up top? Oh yeah, they're all moving to the top of the truck. Well, go far back. I've got actually reinforcements down here. If anyone's in the area we could use a little extra help. And dude, they can't do anything about audio either so if you're yelling OK, terrific or FBA or something we'll hear it. Oh yeah, absolutely. I'll do my best. Yeah, actually I've got a bunch of guys here that are standing around. They're going to help me out. And again, if you're in the neighborhood we could use some more support. We could use about ten fingers. Cool. Top priority, let's go what, Channel 7? We've got a plethora here. I mean we could really take our pick today. We'd like to know where we can look. How about Channel 2? I heard they needed a weather man. Leave Channel 2 alone right now. Yeah, we're trying to get syndicated believe it or not. We've been good for a little while. We want to keep our streak alive. I'm being good. Yeah, pound Channel 4. All right, dude. We're going to take a quick break. Anything crazy happen, he calls right back. We'll stop the break, OK? All right, very good. All right. Bye-bye. We'll start the break, but I know we're going to stop at any minute. So stay right there. Oh man, one bad door. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. 1027WNEW. Anthony Stackert, the world's strongest fat burner. Yeah, you've heard our listeners talk about it. You got to lose weight, you're fat. There's summer coming up. You're going to shed all those clothes. Stackert, the world's strongest fat burner. Help thousands of people lose weight, build lean muscle, and get into shape. You feel the effects of just one Stackert, two fat burning capsules within 45 minutes, or your money back. It's guaranteed. Eat what you want. Still lose weight. No more midday cravings. Stackert, two takes care of that, too. It's great. What more can we tell you? You got a big fat 200 pounds of chewed bubble gum ass. Looks like you've been sitting without any pants on in the gravel driveway when you stand up. Stackert, two. Oh, I'm distracted. I'm watching the news right now. The world's strongest fat burner. How did they get it, Anthony? Did you give out the number? I don't even know. You can give them a call, 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E, light line. Or go to the website, www.stackert, two.com. Stackert, two, the world's strongest fat burner. Our listeners have proven it works. Boobs, the world's universal language. Cote and Anthony, your linguistic experts. Whip them out Wednesday. N-E-W. Two, one, two, seven, five, seven, one, oh, two, seven. We've got to get cycle mark back on the air. See what's going on. We're trying to get some boobs on live TV today, Anthony. Yeah, it's time. We've got to make that happen. Cold hard cash for the First Lady that does it. All the news crews hanging out at 48th and 8th. Big story. The states have suspended the Big Apple licenses for those double-decker buses. So they're all out there live doing their cute little reports. We're looking for a lady to go down there. And when they go live, flash their breasts. Hey, Mike, what's going on? How you doing? We're doing great today. Yeah, the giant plane is crazy. I'm going to take the Wow sign and fly it to Jones Beach at 12 o'clock, and everyone's going to do it. It's going to be crazy. Uh, what? What? My uncle has a giant plane. Yeah, a giant plane. A giant plane, like a jet. Okay. I'm going to send it to Jones Beach. Okay. I'm going to send it to Jones Beach with your Wow sign on the back of it. And everyone's going to look at it. It's going to be crazy. I think there's only one thing crazy with this whole thing. What's so crazy about it? And that's the guy on the phone. I'm crazy? Oh, gosh. A big jet. Psycho Mark! Hey, Mike. Mike. What's up? What's up? Hey, they still got one of them junky buses running around. I just whipped up my junk at them. They still got one of them stink boxes going, but putting down the street. So no one has gone live yet? Well, they're just up there setting up for a press conference right now, and I got a bunch of people here. And as a matter of fact, I don't think they might be going live at some stations, but they've got all the mics set up, and they got some meathead from New York Apple Tours here, and he looks like he's going to give a little speech. Oh, really? To total disruption. Yeah. Total disruption. Yeah, let's see how big your balls are today. They already all made me. They're like, hey, Psycho Mark's over there. Watch out. If they do a live press conference, you just got to completely destroy it. Oh, without a doubt. All right. Debbie suggested on line 11, you put girls on the guy's shoulders to get on TV, because I guess all the reporters are on the vans and stuff. Well, they're setting up their setups from top. Some of them are still on the ground here, but unfortunately there's no chicks around right now to flash their love to you. Well, maybe they're hiding, waiting for the, you know, the problem. Yeah. Mark? Yes. Oh, there he is. All right, well, call us back if anything's going on. We're all waiting, paving the way here. God, we want to see this happen today. Definitely. It's going to happen. All right. Thank you, Psycho Mark. Bye. Live at 48th and 8th today. I'm going to see Bovich on TV. Joe, what's going on? Hello. Hey, Joe, what's up? How's it going? We're doing great. Is this helping Anthony? Yeah. Let's go. How's it going? I just want to tell you guys how Elastic has found my true love. What do you mean? Well, I don't know if you guys remember, on the bar bat, I was in there with you guys, you know, messing around and stuff. I took Elastic home with me. I ended up going to Dublin out in Long Island. And I took it. I was all messed up. I took Elastic and this guy was wearing like this low-cut shirt. I just took Elastic and stuck it on, you know, the top of her, you know, her, her, her, her, And it was true love from then on. And you've been going out with her ever since? Oh yeah. The Elastic are getting you laid? Yep. Got me laid and everything. All right, Joe. I don't know if you guys remember, I was talking to Anthony about the stinky pinky. The stinky pinky. I remember you. What the stinky pinky was? You were out of your mind, man. I was. I threw a nickel and some gold cleavers at you. You were trying to, you were trying to get to Wowrie. You were trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. I was trying to get to the top of her. All right, bye. All right, bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Oh no Oh come quick. Sit 166 Oh come quick. Sit 166 Oh come quick. Sit 166 Where do you ever see that. Here to see through. Subtle said I to come, Underthrough. Under then OverOS over Devastate m OverOS  For Never I've been watching it on tape, it is the most amazing thing I've ever seen. It was on there for a while and it was plain as day wasn't it? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, I've got to see a replay of that. Oh, I've got it, I'm watching it now, I keep rewinding it, I can't believe it. I see psycho marks on, come up. I don't even know if it was him, it was one of the listeners. One of the listeners? Yeah, we were trying to get the boobs on TV. Yeah, I know, I was watching all the stations. There it is, there it is! There he is! I hear him, I hear him screaming in the background, there it is, right above his shoulder. I've got to see it with the sound. Alright, thank you Peter. Alright man. Bye. Alright, there you go. Oh my God. Sean, what's going on? We put the C in NBC. Alright. This is a roving reporter out here on Long Island and the seismic earthquakes are still being felt from the atomic bomb that dropped in New York City earlier today. That was amazing guys, that was just amazing. Wait until someone tells that poor girl news reporter what was behind her when she was doing a little fun. She had no clue. No, she didn't. Didn't even know, that was great guys. Alright. Good luck man. Bye. Alright, the phones, the feedback, everything just going absolutely nuts. All you can imagine are the people watching that program who were not listening to this program. Right. Oh my dear Lord. Alright. Okay, terrific. Hey John. John. Yo fellas, that one even took out the cockroaches man. Oh there is nothing left, that was great. Is that Chris Russo's wife? That was that Melissa Russo. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Alright man, take it. Hey, indication with Spazzler, it's out of drive. Cool, thanks John. Just reports coming in like crazy. Mike from Bayside, oh my God, funniest God damn thing in the history of TV. Yeah. The history of TV now Anthony. Let's see, I think you guys, the fallout can be felt down everywhere. I think Channel 7 got the word because Bill Buted tell did the Big Apple story with no live coverage. Channel 7 did not go live. I'm not lying. Brian from Jersey, I'm twitching. I can't breathe. I feel all tingly. I think the radiation is reaching New Jersey. Oh man. Hey Bob, what's up? What's going on guys? How are you? I'm driving here in my car. I'm chopping up the bit because I didn't know what you guys were going to do. I called my buddy Todd. He's sitting at home. I haven't switched to Channel 4. He doesn't listen to you guys. He checks it out. He was in Stitches. He was a new listener. He was a new Stitches. He said it was unmistakable. Alright man, thank you. Thanks a lot. Bye. Yeah, the funny part was the clarity of the whole thing. It was not just a simple flash that you had to really catch. It was right there, plain as day. And we definitely have to take a break. Yes we do. And we'll be back. Gentlemen, start your wacky. Rumble about Wednesday. Are you masking me naked? Overload. Pleasure overload. Oh, it just makes me tangle. Anthony Ranch One Restaurants, the makers of the best grilled chicken sandwich on earth. That's right. They're the official distribution point for wow stickers throughout the metropolitan area. Just go to any participating Ranch One restaurant, walk up to the counter and ask for your wow sticker. No purchase necessary. On the back of the wow stickers is a Ranch One coupon to go big for free on the next purchase of any combo meal. Use it on your next visit to Ranch One. We love it. We get it every Tuesday over here. It's grilled chicken sandwiches. That's their specialty. They guarantee to satisfy every taste bud. From the best grilled chicken sandwiches on earth to grilled chicken fajitas, burritos, and pastas and their newest creation, the grilled chicken parmesan. There's something for everyone at Ranch One. For a menu and complete list of all Ranch One locations, to order for fast free delivery or to check out where you can get your wow stickers, check out Ranch One on the web at ranchone.com. Ranch One, the best grilled chicken sandwiches on earth. Try it today. You'll love it. Booze by the world's universal language. I use my breath to get other people's attention. I'm from now, West Coast. OPM Anthony, the brain is in their pants. One eight two seven, WNW. Phone's just going nuts, Anthony. Yeah. Paul from New Jersey. Yo, O and A, I'm 15 years old. I was listening all afternoon for the bomb to drop and when it happened I screamed, holy S. I took a nice slap across the face from my mom. I took a slap from you guys. Gas. God. Unbelievable. Danny. Hey, what's up, O and A? How are you? I'm all right, man. All right. I didn't do it. I didn't curse it. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Well, we can say. Yeah. Oh, man. We're smart enough to not say it on the radio. Yeah. Thank you, Danny. No problem, guys. Bye. Danny. Let's go to Bob. Bob, what's going on? Yeah, you know, I wonder when the loyal listeners are going to find out what the A bomb is. I didn't stop and get gas to rush home and now I'm sitting. I'm going to run out of gas. All right. Without saying anything. Give us a hint. Come on. Well, don't you say anything either like that. You know what it is. But NBC is truly must-see TV. Yeah. Yeah. There are a lot of hints. I think a lot of people have figured it out. There's a bunch of hints. Yeah. You got to put it up on the website. Huh? You got to put it up on the website. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I think that's one and done. You might need the Defense Department to keep this confidential. That's why we need to know. All right, Bob. We want to know. Thank you. All right, guys. Take it easy. Bye. Go to Jackie. Jackie, you're next on WNEW. Hey, I was just wondering, did you guys hear it? What? Did you hear them screaming your names while they were doing it? No. Oh, my God. I was listening to my Walkman while watching TV. My mother thinks I'm out of my mind. Oh, really? Oh, my God. Too funny. Well, yeah, we didn't have the TV audio on in the station. Oh, my God. Unbelievable. My mother was like, oh, my God. Yeah. Crazy. All right. Thank you. Thank you, Jackie. Let's go to Darren. Darren, what's going on? Hello. How are you, Darren? Thank God. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. Hey, man. I was on the tap and see. I was trying to get home and see it. And this guy had a van with one of those TVs in it. Yeah. Screaming out the window. Dude, put it out the channel floor. I was chasing him. He wouldn't open his window. I wanted to look and see. I still haven't gotten to figure out what this thing is. You'll know soon enough. Yeah. You going to show it again? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I don't think so. I don't think so. Come on. How am I going to find out? Oh, you'll find out. I'm going to call on everybody. Ask your friends. Oh, man. You guys rock. All right. Thank you. Peace. Bye. Oh. Marie. Hey, how are you doing? Great. How's everything? Pretty good. Syndication when the dust settles? Syndication when you get a new job? Can I just do a quick what I learned today? Yeah. Reverend Al really needs it up the rear from one of our big Greek men. All right. Thank you. Hi, Daddy. How are you doing? Bye. Bye, Marie. Jim from New Jersey. That was the funniest ass I ever saw. I had a two month old baby and almost dropped her. People almost dropped babies over the day. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, . . All right, Anthony. All day long we've been playing little snippets from our roadshow this past Thursday. Yeah. Brian Hackensack wants to know if Sandy will paste that one into Opi's little scrapbook. Anthony, we've been playing clips from our roadshow from last Thursday. Yeah, live performances of some of the most offensive songs. Tons of video clips on FoundryMusic.com, tons upon tons. Video clips being added every hour. Yeah. Well, let's just go right to the tape. Stephen Lynch in front of 2,000 people singing Kill a Kitten, Anthony. Yeah. We'll be back to play What Did We Learn on the Opi and Anthony show today. One more song! One more song! One more song! Stephen Lynch. Part of my words, because from where I'm sitting You can't go wrong if you Kill a kitten So sweet. There's no crime that you'll be committing I know the law you can't kill a kitten And if you need yarn for that scarf you're knitting You'll get plenty when you kill a kitten Either turn them tight or break its spine Crush it with your shoe as long as you kill a kitten They say torture a kitten, I say kill it! Alright, listen up. If the one you love isn't quite as smitten She'll like you better when you can't, can't, can't And I'll quote the Bible because that's where it's written Kill a pet Jesus, he must kill a kitten Slush it down the can, hit it with your van Drown it in a lake, bake a kitty cake Throw him at a train, make him snipe cocaine Stick some TNT up its caputin Do what you must do as long as you can Kill a kitten Killing kittens isn't easy And if the thought makes you feel queasy Grab a pitchfork from the shed What do you do? You can't up on that dog instead Kill a kitten Kill a kitten A little furry kitten Kill that kitten Kill a little mother Kill a little, kill a little Kill a little mother 8-6-7-5-3-0-9 8-6-7-5-3-0-9 Woooooooooooo What do you guys think of Steven Lynch, huh? Thank you With a loud Wednesday Oh man, one bad door Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow 1027-WNEW Anthony Rockaway Betting Yeah, I got mine at Rockaway Betting My mattress My lovely, big, thick Rockaway Betting bed Rockaway Betting has over 140 stores throughout New York and New Jersey Featuring brand-new mattresses like Sealy, Posturepedic, Surda, Perfect Sleeper And Simmons Beauty Rest that prices up to 65% below department store prices Rockaway Betting is the only major area mattress store that offers you a free steel bed frame Free delivery, free complete removal of your old stained bedding You can buy everything you need to sleep Rockaway Betting headboards, metal beds, futons, day beds, electric beds Sounds a little scary Bunk beds, anything else you need to sleep at Rockaway Betting Rockaway Betting is the fastest growing chain of mattress stores in New York and New Jersey For a reason, the best prices, friendly service, and free delivery to your home That's three reasons Hmm, you can shop at one of Rockaway Betting's area stores Or give them a call 1-800-shut-my-mic-off 1-800-shut-my-mic-off all three What did you do there? I thought Anthony the limo guy was in Wow Actually, it was the invisible man Oh, he hid it? He hid it over my shoulder, sorry Go ahead Through the most important part of the spot, Rockaway Betting's number Give them a call 1-800-try-a-bed 1-800-try-a-bed for Rockaway Betting Everything you need for a great night's sleep at Rockaway Betting If J. Moore, Anthony, Spaz, Erica, everyone's piled into a Rockaway Betting bed You should be too, Rockaway Betting 1-800-try-a-bed Gentlemen, start your wacky Rockaway Betting Are you mashing me naked? Overload, pleasure overload Oh, it just makes me table What a day, what a day, what a day, Anthony Oh yeah Making TV history today Oh, we have a radio show How do we make TV history when we're on the radio? I don't understand Seems to happen It's always weird we couldn't call it back because it was TV If it was our radio show we could have just turned off the radio Yeah It was past the failsafe I was going to beg everyone to change the channel at the last second No matter There was nothing we could do No, it was past the point of no return That was it It was past what they call the failsafe mark You ever hear that? You see that in the movies They send the bombers out The bomber target And then past a certain point Even the government that sent the planes out cannot call the planes back Because it's called a failsafe mark It's a defense against the enemy Radioing the planes and saying You know, turn back, turn back Right, I understand So even if they want to call them back They can't This is good, Matt from Westchester Bill's dead voice They were just on the radio five minutes ago What happened? But I listen to Hopey and Anthony every day And this time Who's this on here? Why aren't they here? I thought Don and Mike come on at 7 Oh boy Powered by Don and Mike N.E.W. The Don and Mike Station Getting that feeling again Oh stop, come on Bad vibes Come on, we played by all the rules Didn't we? Barry Manilow from the fallout shelter What I learned on 0 and 8 today Forget syndication, this is Hopey and Anthony's last show Oh stop, don't ever say that Enjoy it folks I hate that when people say the last show Holy cow, A-bomb, Gonzo style I asked if this was going to be the last show for the A-bomb Oh stop, Chuck what's going on? Hey man, it sounds like you guys are waiting for that EMP to come through What a day guys, what a day Alright Chuck, bye Let's go to TJ TJ what's going on? Hey guys, today we learned the A-bomb couldn't have been dropped in a more unexpected time And Psycho Mark for president Alright, thank you You're so stupid I gotta say it wasn't even Psycho Mark It was one of the listeners Yeah It was one of the listeners, that is the truth Lewis, what's going on? Dude, I can't believe I heard what I heard today I can't believe The atom bomb fell We will be feeling the repercussions of this Years to come God in heaven Anyways, I learned today That syndication will come When SPAS figures out how to drive a vehicle Not into another vehicle Okay terrific And most importantly I learned today That syndication will come When the world comes to an end... Be quiet sir, be quiet sir. Thank you, Louis. The secretary has disavowed any knowledge of the... Of the Opium Ethnic Show. What? The secretary has disavowed all knowledge of your actions. Good luck, Jim. Joe, you're next on N.E.W. What did you learn today? You guys are absolutely awesome. What I learned is a little bit of chemistry. If you mix a black magic marker with cardboard, it becomes radioactive. Yeah. Hey guys, indication? Oh well, drop another one! You guys are going to get us screwed, man. Oh no. How did it happen? D-knob. Yo, what's up? What's up? I learned today that no television station can ever stop Opium Anthony. Oh, and we'll freaking go on together and... Okay, terrific. ...and we'll be on the radio station. Okay, terrific. ...and I'm proud to be with the people. Okay, terrific. Let's get him. Yo, we was there, we were putting up the signs. Be quiet, sir. Yeah, obviously a lot of people are speechless after what has occurred today. That must be it. That must be it. Oh. This just in. Channel 4 should have went to Van Halen. But we tried to call it back. It really was too late because it wasn't on the radio. Matt, what's going on? Hey, what's going on, guys? Hey. Today I learned that you can get from the JoCo Turnpike to Foppish Brooklyn in 10 minutes when word of an A-bomb strikes you. Thank you, Matt. Take it easy. Oh, the profanity! The profanity! You blew it up. Yo, what's up? Yo, what's up? You bastard blew it up! Uh, Dudley Moore checking in. You better read that. Oh, yeah? It's a little joke. It's a little joke. It's a little joke. It's a little joke. Yeah, that's all. Stop it! Uh, George, what did you learn on the show today? I learned that by being Greek, I'm a homo. Oh, good! Off the subject. Thank you. Someone got us off the subject. Yeah, Reverend Al said that in the paper today. I have to thank George for calling us up for the show. All right, George. All right, later, guys. Thank you. Let's go to Laura. Laura, what's going on? Hey, Laura. Hey. Hey, what's up? I learned today that you guys are definitely going to have to go on the ground for syndication. The show was great, and I forgot the other thing I was going to say because I actually finally got through. I didn't think I was ever going to get through. Oh, that's all right. But you guys rule. All right, thank you. Take care. All right. Steve from New Jersey. The funniest thing I've ever seen in my life, and the best thing is Channel 4 are, they're acting like nothing happens. Awesome. Steve, war is over. From a plate check, you know. That's it. You did it to save lives. Look what we did to you again. Oh, no. Oh, no. Dan from Georgia. I learned that I'll have to get used to listening to Donald Mike riding my remote control. Oh, come on. Oh, no. I learned much better. Can't drive for S. I learned much better. Can't drive for S. That's burning. Jason from Jersey. I learned today about F and A-bomb. I now need cancel treatment. Jeff, what's going on? Hey, not much, guys. I really didn't learn much. I just wanted to say that it sounds like the mayor died again. I'm hanging up on it. No, no, no. Stop. Mayor was nowhere near 48 and 8 today. Matt from Jersey. What I learned today on the show, channel 4 doesn't have any talk about love feud over situations like these. Can't go to that one. Can't go to that one. No, no. Can't go to that one. Hang up on 4. Oh, my God. Hang up on 4. Don't even tempt us. Hang up on 4. Thank you. We should not deal with that. All right, Shmo from Queens. I learned that Sony is good. I learned that ONA-A is good. I can't even say that one. I learned that ONA-A are... Ok, I can't even say that one. Sorry. Oh, crumbling paper, O.P. Awkwardness on live radio right now. Yeah, that's right. Huh. What happened? No, I was nowhere near that. No, no. It wasn't me. I swear. I can't even spell that. I swear. No, no, no. I swear. No, no, no. Let's go to... Alan Cowan. Let's go to Wendy. Wendy, what's going on? Yeah, I'm fine. I learned that there are illiterate people in New York City who do not know how to spell the word count. Thank you, Wendy. Oh. Mike from Brooklyn. Today I learned that when your fans get excited on the phone, they sound like complete idiots. Yeah. Alright. Ok, terrific. Yeah. What are we going to do now, O.P.? This is the first time I'm speechless. What are you laughing for? Do I always have to educate you? Hey, O.P., what's up? Hey, how are you doing? I learned you can enjoy television on the radio while you drive it home from work today. Yeah. Hey, guys, see you in a case and after the no fuel winter. Alright, thanks. Thank you. Oh, what are... Ken from Jersey. I lost him at a meeting after the show. I lost more brain cells laughing at the A-bomb than I have in my whole pot smoking career. Yeah. I think there's a meeting after the show. Oh. I hear tellers and long faces down the hallway. Hmm? Uh huh. Oh, yeah. Lou, Lou, I never saw it behind the feed, Lou. I swear. I don't know, it was Mary or Mer. Wasn't me. Trying to do a broadcast. Someone dropped the A-bomb on me. Lou, I swear. I didn't know, Lou. Lou. How would you like to mow my lawn? Huh? Huh? No. No, no, no. A-bomb broke out in between my ears on our very feed in the middle of New York. Let me look in the monitor and make sure my hair is just so. Look at the shot here. Oh my God, what's that thing doing to me? Ha ha. Hello? Lou, I swear I knew nothing about it. Lou? Must have been Mary or maybe Mer. Oh, no. All right. Well, let's go down the hall. Walk the green mile. I don't know what you're so upset about. It was spelled wrong. Now we're a chain. Easy. What? Easy. I did not say nothing. Craig, what's going on? How's it going, guys? Good. Today I learned that my stepmother, my mother-in-law is an A-bomb. All right, let's take a break. Ha ha ha. Uh. Ha ha ha. Oh. All right. Anyone have any aspirin? Cool. I got some. We need some. Does anyone have any heroin? I got this. I'm with A. Oh. Sit down. Congratulations, boys. Down well done. Man, that's good. That's the kind of quality program that we need. Oh, what's that? Setting fire to a killing retard jet? What you gonna do next? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? What's that? Oh. All right. Well, let's go down the hall and take our medicine. Oh, I haven't been good. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Okay, terrific. Where is it? Okay, terrific. Oh, it's so good. Okay, terrific. I thought we were all out of these kinds of things. That's our job. Alright Ant. Alright man. Another uneventful show from ONA. Nothing happened. Alright. We gotta step aside. Down at Micra next Anthony. Yes. Blues. The world's universal language. Hopi and Anthony. Your linguistic experts. Whippable Wednesday. N-E-W. Hey Anthony. Time Out New York. The obsessive guide for impulsive entertainment. Yes. You wanna find out what to do in New York? Time Out New York. Available at the newsstands everywhere. You see it all over on the newsstand. It's a cool thing to pick up and find out what to do around the city. Cool thing. Not like the touristy things to do. Run out to the newsstand now. Pick up the Time Out New York summer concert preview issue. You plan on going to at least one concert this summer. You can't afford to miss the issue. Including a roundup of out of town classical music fest. They got a guide to free out their concerts including Central Park summer stage. The low down on eight acts that are rocking the New York City club circuit. And a rundown of the summer jazz festivals. For a subscription give them a call. 1-888-GET-TONY. 1-888-GET-TONY. Time Out New York. The obsessive guide for impulsive entertainment. You need something to do? Get out. Get it and get out. That's it. Get it and get out. Time Out New York. The obsessive guide for impulsive entertainment.