 A gigantic boombox is coming down the street. And me, the RPG-7. And Anthony. 1027 WNEW. Oh yeah. Where's my crystal meth? Shut up, I'm trying to enjoy this. You shut up. Shut up! Is this your first time at the truck stop? It's the Opie and Anthony Show, 2127571027. You probably found wandering around upstairs, Anthony. I saw that, what a surprise. He wasn't supposed to be in until tomorrow. Hi, Achan. But my pal, comedian extraordinaire, star of stage, screen, and occasionally my living room in front of a Budweiser can. Adam Ferrara. Let's not forget cable TV, he was on the list last night. Oh yeah? Yeah. Did you get any weed from George Clinton? No? He was on there with you. I knew you were bringing the flow today. He had quite an impact on you, you came in with some dreads today. Spitting out your mint. Wow. I go, Adam, great you're here, you're going to save our show today, because we don't know what we're doing. Come on down. Do they know what you do to prep for this show? Aw man, you're going to, alright, go ahead, tell them. Look at this, this is a wiffle ball bat. Now ask me what this mark is for. We're in the office showing Adam our treasures. Shouldn't you guys be reading a paper or something? This computer game is called Soldier of Fort, what? He's dead. Look at that, I just shot him. Shut up, they're going to be on to us, man. We close that door and we make believe we're going through all the newspapers and stuff. It's the highly calm hideout. You know what it's like when Adam comes in or any of our friends come in to the office? We're like great hunters showing off our trophies. Look at this wiffle ball bat. This thing was shoved in eight inches deep. I see, Commander, wasn't quite a sight getting it out. Quite. We're like showing trophies. That wiffle ball bat kills me because this mark's not like when your kid's growing up on the dojo. Yeah, well, that's only you can revisit it. Remember when you could only take the handle? Look how much you've grown. That's our new game. If any girl out there wants to try to set the record, you're more than welcome. And we do put a condom over the end of it so you don't have to worry about getting any of those wiffle ball bat diseases that are going around now. Well, the winner is the line that's furthest from the handle. Yeah. Has there been a pine tar incident? No, although the last girl that was here, we weren't sure what was going to come out. Pimp wither and everything. Really? Yeah, she came in under the guise that it was going to be her coming in. Oh, yeah, this is my boyfriend. Like, okay, the boyfriend. It's not usually cool when the boyfriend comes in, but we can deal with it. And then all of a sudden the boyfriend we notice is this three foot tall Puerto Rican guy. That's a pimp. That's a pimp and he starts asking for cash. It's like, oh, wait a minute. Can I ask you a question? Do you have other girlfriends in your stable? Huggy bears? Yeah. So it was like a girlfriend in that sense. It was like boyfriend would be worse. Hey, hey, handle first. She's a lady. Hey, this is my best girl. I just hit her in the body with the phone book so as not to bruise up her face. I learned that from Ike Turner. I hit her with a car antenna about her midsection. This guy was Guido the killer pimp. Yeah, snicker with a bag of oranges. A bag of oranges. Don't leave no marks. Yeah, sweat sock full of molding clay. It feels like a stretch Armstrong. Remember those things? Those things were like a kid's version of a sap. You ever see those things like the black jacks they used to use in Dick Tracy days? Why the stretch Armstrong? The Shelly. The toy stretch Armstrong, you'd get it for Christmas. It was cool because you could stretch its arms and legs and it felt very soft if you just squished it. But it was some kind of physics thing that happened to the material inside during a strong strike. So how was Ike to know when I smashed Dawn over the head with it, she'd go out. I thought it was like a marshmallow. It's a cushy little stretch Armstrong. She's out. You like knocking girls out, man. Oh, I do? Well, the Taser. Oh, that was an accident. It wasn't a Taser, it was a stun gun. Oh, much better. That's what it should be. It was a stun gun, Your Honor. What did you do with a Taser? Remember Carrie? Yeah. Yeah, okay. Well, we were sitting on the couch watching TV one night. You know how I used to build things. Right, yeah. So I'd go to Radio Shack and get the plastic cases and transistors, resistors, capacitors, all kinds of fun stuff. And I built from this schematic a stun gun. Wait a minute, I remember this. And for the contacts, I went to Larry's Hobby Shop and got a couple of landing gear axles for the airplanes. And I screwed them onto the end of the plastic case. Everything went on a circuit board, went inside. But I didn't believe it would work because I made it. I figured it would work. Something would go wrong. There's really only one way to test these things. Money, stay still. So we're sitting on the couch and I stick it to her leg and hit the button. She goes out. Bam! Boom! It's like, oh wow! And I was torn because partly I felt bad for doing that. But another part of me was like, hey wow, it worked! I built it! You were frightened and impressed. Yeah! That's funny. You remember the grenade launcher you made? Yeah, I made a little grenade launcher for the paintball games. Yeah. You know? Remember that? If anyone left anything at Anthony's house, it would never be in its original form. Yeah, take it apart. I left my gun there, my paintball gun there. I remember calling him up, Ant, you got my paintball gun? It's not a gun anymore! It's a radio! It's a can opener! What did you do, MacGyver? Well now it's like a grenade launcher and a, well, can it core an apple? There's even something here to take corns off your feet! Off your feet? Shove it in the wheelchair? Yeah. Yeah, well, you know, I had a lot of time on my hands. Not working. You're very intelligent and you're very drunk. Yeah, that's what it was! Like, you can't combine those two! But after a few beers, sitting around and then just staring around an apartment that was like Pee-Wee's Playhouse, there was so much stuff, someone laying around, and after a while you would get tired of toy A and toy B, so you would combine them to make toy C. Yeah, a nitrous oxide-generated Spirogram. They shoot Chinese stars at the neighbor's dog! How much have you had to drink? Oh, nothing real! Nah, we're just getting started. We're only four tiers high on the coffee table in the living room, as far as the cans go. The first layer would take up the entire table, and then it would go up in a pyramid shape until you reach the top and then you'd realize the bottom ones were pretty stinky. At this point you'd have to start clearing them out. And then the bison would pee in the top can. It would stay like the champagne thing at the wedding. The bride? Or we'd sit on the other couch and pick them off with the plastic suction cup dart gun. Doink, doink, doink! All right, listen, we've got to take a break. What a bunch of doofus! Yeah, oh please! We've got to take a quick break. Adam Farrar helping us out today. My pal Adam Farrar, I'm very proud. Thank you, champ. And you too. Pilot coming out. I hope and ABC announces Tuesday. Yeah, Dennis Leary. Dennis Leary, Adam Farrar as a police officer? Sure. I get to say stuff like, he's a good cop, damn it! Very interesting, I've got to see this. Yes. Oh, they're chanting his name! Let me follow you and learn your name. There he is, Adam Farrar. I can heal you! All right, we've got to take a quick break. We'll be back, 212-757-1027. Opie, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass, you're obviously a stud. The Opie and Anthony Show. It makes me sick! 1027-WNEW. Our phone line, 212-757-1027. Hanging out with Adam Farrar today. Adam. Hey, I'm at Governor's. These guys, uh... Friday and Saturday. What are you doing? I'm at Governor's in Leather Town tonight. Friday and Saturday. Oh, we thought you were just coming in to hang with us. Tonight? And to whore out my dates. What, you think I came in to do the Whipple Ball bat trick? Well, if you want another plug, you better. The Whipple Ball bat trick. Right, we'll change the condom. This is my boyfriend. What's up? You're my bottom bitch. All right, Governor's tonight, tomorrow and Saturday. Adam, you're a very funny guy, right? Yeah, gonna have to get out there and check you out. Come on out, Adam. Check out the new goateed Adam Farrar. Yeah, you think? It's the evil Adam. It's the evil twin. All you need is like a beret. One of those bad boy berets. It's Adam's evil twin. And like Air Force wings on top of it. We put him in the transporter, and this came out. You guys gotta tell that paintball story on the air. Oh my God, they're hard during the commercials. We were huge into paintball. When it first started out in Long Island. Yeah, when you used to have the single-shot bolt-action paintball gun. It was a musket. It was pretty much the musket of a paintball gun. And we went out there, we were the Red Devils. Sure. It was our team. I still got my jacket. Who doesn't? Who doesn't? Sometimes I like to get naked and put it on. Yeah, we were the Red Devils. The Red Devils. Yeah. Had the patch and everything. People feared the Red Devils, mind you. Did you have a nickname when you were part of the Red Devils? All of us had our own nicknames. What was yours? I was the surgeon. The surgeon? The surgeon. That was because I was able to surgically insert shots in between branches and do nose jobs on people. I broke a guy's nose with a shot. With a paintball. And the owner of the field gave me the name The Surgeon. This guy was behind this log with a bunch of branches in front of him. Just kind of decimating the team a little bit from a good vantage point. So I took a shot at him. It went right between two branches, smacked him in the bridge of the nose, and the next thing the ambulance was coming, taking him away. I was like, wait, I thought we were using yellow paint. How come it's red coming out of his face? You had sniping skills back then. Ah, yes. Yes. The surgeon. So the Red Devils, you guys were quite a team. Yeah. Very feared. Very feared. We were the number one team in New York. We went to a bunch of the regional... And that's where we should have stayed. Yeah. We went to a bunch of the regionals all over the state and everything. Did very well. Cleaned up. I think we used a treachery more than skill. No one expected some of the dumb ass moves we used to make. We didn't know anything about strategy. Yeah. So we'd win. Well, then we get the call that we're going to this national thing. Going to the big leagues. Going to the big leagues in Tennessee. It's all sponsored and everything. Tennessee. They send us down to Tennessee. We're all full of ourselves. We're going to kick ass. We're going to wipe everybody out. We go to Tennessee. We watched a dirty dozen the night before. Oh, yeah. We were all psyched. So we figured we'll have a little celebratory cocktail or two at a club in Tennessee. We went in about 11 o'clock at night. Walked out of there, I think, three or four in the morning. Trashed. They call our first game, seven in the morning. And guess who's playing first game? The Red Devils, man. The Red Devils are two hours late. The drunk devils. Why don't you throw them Yankees up there first? Yeah. Put them boys out there first. And we were playing like the Tennessee team on their home field. It was the Bay of Pigs. Oh, it was horrible. It was a massacre. No air cover. It was Da Nang all over again. It was General Custer. Hey, they're friendly Indians. Yeah. Wow. How long did the game last? The game must have lasted maybe five minutes. Yeah. It was a long game. It was a long game. It was a long game. It was a long game. It was a long game. It was a long game. It was a long game. It was a long game. It was a long game. It was a long game. It was a long game. Five minutes. If that most. Yeah. All I know is the horn blew and they were on us so fast. I didn't know even know how fast they could get across the field like that. So I'm behind a rock. I see Adam over to the side and there's just crap flying all over our heads and everything. I'm like, this is useless. They're just going to outflank us and take us out. I'm going to stand up and make a bold, fast run toward their flag station. Yeah. I remember looking at them going, Kowalski, no. Kowalski. So I stick my head up to stand up. That was it. That was it. I had about 12 shots right into my cranium. That's all I heard was like. Dawn out of it. I followed after you. I took it like, because I was running. When you moved, I was moving behind you to flank around. Yeah, to help me out. I went to flank around. I like to step my whole side. I looked like a subway car. I was paint graffiti. Some guys initials were in there. It was horrible. We got green. Take that, Yankee. Yeah. They're like, hey, Marty, go back to New York. They live this. We're used to playing with what they call live ammunition. That was a militia you guys were. Well, I think it was. They nailed us. We were going on a field to play. These guys live in the woods. We were like in his living room. Yeah. So we came back to New York a little more humble. Hey, one of your old teammates is on the line here. Who's that? Frankie? You know a Frankie? Hey, Frank. Hello, Anthony. Frank. Yeah, doon, brother. Me and Gallagher. Oh, yeah. We had to try to see what you guys. We got green. Yeah, you were part of the Tennessee contingent. Yeah. We were using both eyes. It was the ones. We got nailed. It was because we went to that club and we were out drinking. When we were walking in, the other teams were leaving. They had already been out for their little night in Tennessee. It was 11 o'clock. They were going home. We were just getting there. This is real. I remember George. You picked me up from the airport. I couldn't believe it. I heard about it. I can't believe it. He was on the Red Devils. Coffee for that corner. I started playing. That was the first time I played with that team. Yeah. It was great. Yeah, it was great. All right. What a mess. I was in the middle of the night. I was in the middle of the night. I was in the middle of the night. I was afraid my head was going to be hanging in the mayas. The Annihilators annihilated us. Yeah, that's right. He remembers the team name. It was the Annihilators. Where are the Annihilators? I remember the emergency room. That's all I remember. Do the guys still play? Do they? Some of them still play. We found something else. Alive! I would love to get out there and actually play again. We might have to do something when the weather gets really nice. We're trying to get a show paintball team to come out. We're trying to get a show paintball team to come out. We're trying to get a show paintball team to come out. The Clowns still in. I know because who was it? John Cuoco used to run a league way out east exit 64 in Quorum. Are they still running that? They're still running it, but John's gone. John bought it. He bought it on the Mekong Delta. He lost it for a while and the guys from Cousins Paintball have it. Oh, cool. We're going to have to go out there, man. The equipment is all different now. It was pretty much the musket of paintball guns. Then we got to the point where they put a pump on it, and you were amazed. Then constant air came out. Then full automatic where you are firing paintballs at a rate that is ridiculous. Now that's with standard equipment now. Anthony, the guns they have now are computerized. You call them a computer? They're called angels, like $1,600. A computerized guy, Greg. You could take out people in the car on the way to the park and you could take out people in the car on the way to the game. You could just hit it right in your radio. Doesn't that take the fun out of the game? It's amazing. You know something? This just goes to show you because this is paintball. Now, but the same principles apply to warfare where it just advances and progresses. We're talking over the course of probably maybe 10, 12 years, I guess it was, since we were playing. The technology that they put behind these guns now is amazing. It was a single shot gun and the purpose for the original guns that they started paintball with was to mark trees that they were going to cut down. They'd go into these building sites and use a red paintball and so they wouldn't have to get out of the truck and paint a thing. They would shoot it and then Arlo and Clem one day, Clem shoots Arlo in the ass with the paint gun. It's like, hey, we're on to something here. There's a game where a few years later they're plugging into the computer and calling in And those two guys are the guys we played in Tennessee. I think so. We invented this game. Yeah, I remember that. And this just in, Joe from Jersey wants to know, does Anthony still have that jacket or did he lose that also? Oh, wait a minute. Let me think now. Hey, I think some homeless guy in Huntington is walking around with my Red Devil's jacket. Oh God. I think it's in the Goodwill box. Hey, how's it going? Hey, you remember a team called the Court Justice? Yeah. Scott Schmidt, Brian Morgan. Remember the Justice? Yeah, the Justice. Sure. We always had that rivalry going on with you guys. Yeah. Oh, you were on that team? Yeah, I was on for about a year. I was still underage at the time. I was like 16, 17. They didn't check nothing. A frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's a frisbee's they actually got a wrapped and got into the lake and paddled across the lake and no one did crap like that it was hysterical we used to use some treachery that was pretty funny uh... if we were the red team you'd have to wear a red bandana around your arm and the other team would wear a yellow one so uh... if if we were crouched down an ambush or something we'd see an opposing team member walking by we'd roll over to hide our our uh... bandana and go to them hey dude come here we need help come here come here and he'd start crawling towards you and you just open up on his face well that's because our devil patches were red yeah so if we were the yellow team they might see a red patch i think it was the red it was hysterical we would take over the flag station and then just like make believe that we would they would come up with our flag come on come on we're gonna win and come on and da da da da they'd leave people back to defend their station while they sent out a uh... a force to get our flag so if they captured our flag we would take over their flag station get down in the bunkers and while the guy was running in were like come on we won we won the second he gets ready to place the flag da da da da da it opened up on his face you cheated you said that you were our team you cheated yeah pop take that with you tell that to the vietcong remember the mickey mouse massacre ah that was great we actually sang the uh... theme to the mickey mouse club while we were just mowing down a hill taking this hill singing this song is embarrassing to the people uh... you know who was on the wild geese uh... john mccain uh... don't talk in my language alza about joe what was your code name joba joba to look at it with the uh... i don't think it was since they're all consistent yeah my brother was pretty sick uh... we'd be we'd surround a flag station there would be a bunch of the opposing team dug in into these bunkers that was set up and uh... we don't be around a trying to fire in joe would always leave the chart he would just stand up and run right into these bunkers and from like two inches away pop these guys and i'd be amazed like what the hell is he doing and the people are so stunned that he did it that they couldn't even shoot up a look at my and and and and their first reaction was to cover up like a base so they wouldn't even shoot up they didn't even stand over going pop pop pop it was hysterical about the report the war yeah i guess a lot of them you're like a couple of seconds you felt like chris walking when he when he walked into the presidential palace and i think that's a lot of the prize with that friggin gunny at the end of the trade is going to be a uh... i thought again that they're going to come up with a new project don't have my new for this to tell us in the army you know so he would put on at the same case face camo that he put on when he was with the eighty second airborne and which is scared of the jesus out of the newbie newbie show up in my corduroy's in a t-shirt that doesn't have a good understanding the stuff uh... remember rambo that's all you know we were calling rambo he showed up and no sure he knows sure that guy looked like a leopard when he was done he was he had just well all over his body but i don't have a good idea was going on getting a little show that i get this this guy man got to get this look like the strippers from yesterday and actually did a month with the last with the last year and jim joe the best was uh... this thing called the recon village it was the smallest field on uh... on the whole uh... collection of fields they had it was who choose a bunch of bunkers on houses in parts made out of plywood and whatnot with windows and doors cut in and this field was really small so uh... it was all headshots everything with a headshot somewhat peek out a window just like that and then remember one of the crazy vietnam guys from the wild geese he ran out and then the chance through a window landed on his head and then got taken out by the guy who knows i have he was lucky when running across the field and he went to die into one of the open windows of the boot and they were just why would they were just made a plywood and he caught his head like halfway across the forehead on the top of the window that's what happened to that guy joe buckley used to waste array the bunkers he was like is yet to be taken and he was really in the service and go nuts every shot people with about back in the world all jason uh... from that page checking in on instant feedback did you have a play the big east game with five hundred guys and helicopter yes yeah they would do this once a year it was called the big game they would get about five hundred people give him up into two teams and there would be helicopters where they would take these uh... certain uh... insertion teams and uh... over the field and drop them at that location but when you have two hundred fifty guys against one hundred fifty firing off at each other when you would get into these huge line battles that were about a hundred people across and it would just sound like uh... like happy new year's day in china and then we'll have to do you can even hear the next that until you could call in an airstrike they would be on the walkie talkie this is a guy with a can of dutch boy paint just dropping it out this time and john coelko don't shoot at the helicopter don't shoot at the chopper take one of those old things down with the people this guy would walk around like uh... robert duvall in apocalypse now and his cane in his cowboy hat and everything he wore his colors and he was another vietnam that they were all like non-vets that's funny what about what i was a little rick schroeder was on the field all kinds of government bachelor party and rick ricky schroeder i forgot about that and i think it's all good than rambo and everybody was just like oh yeah i want did never get your here he goes i guess you still was not going to get it uh... it was like a big target you gotta get out there now yeah we gotta get something together i'm i'm frightened with all the technology and stuff yet i like hold up in the apartment for a little something else i built a tank is the whole thing and i'm i played yet when i played they have come to their which is a deal to pack on your back and and uh... constant people do you get like a thousand at a time and it's semi-auto you just as fast as you pull a trigger that's how fast the gun fires yeah i'm gonna like that will you hear the other guy talking now you can plug your gun into a computer and uh... computerized uh... i guess that velocity because you know that in any given the processors uh... will do all prevention top and in traditional law pro exposing A lot of great phone calls on hold Anthony, they're gonna talk about the new technology in these paint, paintball wards. Yeah, a couple of people from the old team checking in. Alright, uh, where's Laird? Did he call? Oh my god, Jim Laird. Good Laird to call in. If you're on hold, stay right there. If not, give us a call. 212-757-1027. Hopey and Anthony. Well you guys are both stupid, you're like a black eye for all mankind. I don't think they're very nice people. The only way I could actually think they were funny was to be gone parallel and hopey and Anthony. You know, I'm like one for all of us. Feel the love. 1027-WNEW. Hey Anthony, MindSpring Internet Services. Yeah, MindSpring teamed up with EarthLink, bringing you the best internet service around. Provides you with fast, reliable internet connections, free customer support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, and it's toll free if you have any problems. EarthLink's new 5.0 software, easier to use than ever. You thought it was easy before? Really easy now. You also get an updateable startup page, anti-spam filters, free web page builder with 6 megabytes of web space so you can pop your own pictures up there and make your own website. And the most important thing, Anthony. You get the first 30 days of service for free. That's right, 30 days of service for free if you call MindSpring Internet Services right now. The phone number is 1-800-EARTHLINK. That's 1-800-EARTHLINK. Also Anthony, tune in to Wheel of Fortune. That's thewheeloffortune.com sweepstakes from May 1st to the 12th. Tune in to win great daily prizes from theearthlinkmall.com. Check your local listings, alright, for Wheel of Fortune. Yes. Or give MindSpring a call for the first 30 days of service for free. 1-800-EARTHLINK. That's 1-800-EARTHLINK. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! 1027 WNEW. Butt day. What the hell was that? Butt day. I don't know. Anuses. Vaginas. Let me know, let me know, come on! 212757 1027. Wow. Are we trying to get a lady down here to set the Whipple Ball Bad Record for Adam? Oh, let's do it. Oh, don't go out of your way on my account. Come on, pal. Alright. Any ladies out there willing to make a Whipple Bad disappear, let's just say? Disappear. We do use a condom, so don't worry about catching any of the dreaded Whipple Ball Bad disease. No Whipple Ball Bads will enter during this performance. Yeah. I don't know if we'll get any takers. We've never done a rocket set with a Whipple Ball Bad. We've done a rocket set with a little hole in the bottom of a Whipple Ball Bad. Oh, yeah? You put a bottle rocket in there and you light it. That's cute. Oh, sure. We got new tricks. Yeah, okay. That's a cute story, kid. Why don't you sit down before you hurt yourself? Exactly. Say hello to bubbles. Alright, we're talking about paintball just a little longer here. Let's go to Jim. Jim, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey. My friend and I, we play like once a month down in South Jersey on field. We've seen this thing called a hellhound. It's literally a doom buggy with automatic paintball with constant air. It's like hell on wheels, dude. Wow. That's right. It literally has been above it. It holds like 6,000 rounds. My God. And you can run people over with it. It's great. That's the best part. That's kind of an unfair advantage. Don't we have them indoors now? Alright, Jim, thanks. Hey, Pete. Pete on line 10. Go to him. Yeah, I'm curious as to who this is. Hey, Pete. Yeah. What's up, man? What's up? I got caught up before with you guys. Oh, you used to play? Yeah, I was on the justice. Oh, yeah. I forgot to say. I just want to know how many of you red devils had your guns primed out illegally? Because I used to get hit by someone else. Those things were like around 350, 400. Here's what you would do. You would take a little Vaseline or something and smear it in your barrel when it would be tested for a speed because you had to be under, I think, 300 feet per second. Yeah, under three. Yeah, so you would do that and it would come out with the barrel sluggish. So you'd be tested. They would put the sticker on your gun that it was legit. Then you'd go back and swab out your bathrobe and clean it out. So now you're pumping about 455. But the trick was you couldn't go too much because you would break the paint seal in a little ball. Right. Well, he, the Nell spots these little things. He had a drill press at the house and he used the chamber that held the CO2. You'd take a drill bit and just tap it so you had more CO2 in the chamber. You guys put a lot of work into this. Oh, my God. We were the most ruthless. I just took a ball bearing, put it behind the spring to compress it more. Well, there you go. I guess that's another way to do it. Oh, yeah, if you want to go fish your price. All right, Pete. Thanks, Pete. Hey, syndication with a nine-planet alliance. Yeah, there you have it. And then we used to take, because my brother was working at a place where they made custom pistol grips. So we had pearl-handled guns, staghorn guns. I had one of them I used and then I had my backup. It was a silver, a silver Nell spot with staghorn grips and a shoulder holster. That's what I used to finish the job. He looks like a veteran cop with a drop piece on his ankle. I'd have to kneel down beside him. Uh-oh, he's unarmed. Let me drop this. Gee, he had a gun. He's shooting at me. The poor camper just wandering through the field. Mike, what's up? Hey, man. Hey. What I have, I have a modified PSG-1 sniper rifle. They shot Kennedy with that. This thing, I've modified the barrel so it goes 23 inches long and it has a suppressor at the end so you can barely hear it when it fires. It shoots at a capacity of at least a hundred. I tried it out in my backyard when I first got it. I set up, my mom has a clothesline running across the back and I set up a clothespin and I walked at least, I'd have to say at least 110 feet away. Yeah. I crouched down in sniper position and I folded out my bipod. This is a bipod, he's not. I zoomed in with my scope and I shot the thing three times straight dead on. Now when I get out in the field, this thing has a clip and I just pop out the clip and I throw it in. You don't go to Columbine High School, do you? No. Thank goodness for that. My nickname is The Terminator. The Terminator, okay. Oh yeah, one thing. Yeah, go ahead Mike. You know how when you used the fire back in the old days, you used CO2 and you could see the clouds? Yeah. Now they have nitrogen gas that you put in and you can't see the clouds anymore. Silent death. I know. It's awesome. Great man. Thank you. You know what is frightening? So my mom drove me to the gun store. Yeah. I can't even get this stuff on his own. My bipod, my bipod. Evan. Yeah. How are you? Good. So paintball pretty much has gone downhill since the early 90s. Really? Back in the day when you guys had it, it was all original and it was all about strategy. Yeah. Now it's firepower. Now it's just like ridiculous. You used to have to really aim and try to hit your mark. Now you just throw so much paint at somebody, it's ridiculous. Like if I'm only 17, I've been playing for two years but I'm on the old stuff pump. Yeah. There's nothing better than when you actually aimed or you out-stalked somebody and got behind them and you take them out that way. It's better than being a couple of hundred feet away and just spraying paint. Take the Wagner power painter out that you used to paint your garage with. Just hit them with a roller. You want a glossy? Alright Evan, thank you. Oh sorry about that. Let's move on to Samantha. Samantha. Hi. My friends used to keep them in the freezer and in the egg trays. When they would come home after going all day, they would have welts on them. In the freezer? They used to keep them in the freezer. It was sick. You don't put them in the refrigerator to get something to drink. They'd be in the egg trays, in the butter trays. They were like ready. They were like shooting marbles. Yeah. Wow. They used to have rainbow colored welts on them when they got home. They had a great time. Alright. Take care, Princess. Easy. Easy. You've missed a lot of show. What happened? I don't think we're going to be talking about the precious comment on the commercial. Precious? Well we can play the, find the sweeper because that just sums it all up. Yeah, where is that? We'll play something when we go to break that. Clear your hand on precious. We'll explain it. Frank, what's going on? Hey, what's up Owen A? How are you? I just wanted to let you know that that angel gun I think I was talking about before. Yeah, the computer gun? Yeah, exactly. You actually don't have to plug it into your computer. There's actually a microchip in the handle and you unscrew it and there's a switch. There's five stages. You can have it either on single shot, when you pull the trigger it shoots twice, three times, semi-automatic or fully automatic. It's crazy. And it runs on batteries. See that's insane. And you get it from a guy named Q. With the old Nell Spot gun when we first started, the biggest modification we did was take a tube that the paint balls came in, cut it and shove it in the front of the gun so that the balls chambered easier. They fell right into the chamber instead of rolling to the front of the gun and rolling it back and having to rock the gun back and forth. The original gun was like playing that game with the marbles and you got to get it in the clown's eyes. You'd have to rock the gun back and forth before it fell into the hole. But then when you shoved that tube in, it guided it to fall right in. You were like, oh now I'm kicking ass. And then they came out with the pump so you wouldn't have to work the thing like a World War I freaking rifle. They have rifle barrels now and the ball spins at a certain velocity. You can have another barrel that spins the ball upward and it gives it an extra 50 or 60 yards. That's insane. The cool thing about the Nell Spot was you basically only had that one shot because you had one shot chambered so you had to sneak up, you had to make the one shot count because you had to reload. You did. You did. You had one shot. It was amazing. Alright Frank. Alright take it easy. Thank you. Let's get back down with the paint ball stuff here. Tim, what's going on? What's up guys? Anyway, I got this crazy story. Listen to this. This was about a year ago. We went upstate to play. So what happened was we were kicking these guys' asses. We were just like a bunch of rednecks probably wasted or whatever. So we were up there and one of these rednecks, after we were done kicking their ass and the game was over, one of the guys was like, you know what? I think you guys are being cheated and I'm going to go get my shotgun out of my truck. And I'm like, holy S. And I'm like, guys just run. We're all running. We're running down the woods. You know how they usually have some barriers like the little area where you can't go beyond. How long is this story sir? What? How long is this story? When does it get to the point where it turns ugly? I'm about to tell you. Okay. So he gets his gun and we're running and we're like a couple shots or whatever. So we're running and we find this cave and I got my friend stoned off his ass. He's over there trying to shoot us, you redneck. You know, like you need to go like crazy drunk and whatever. Okay. I'll end it at that, okay? Okay, later, Precious. He's got you. Eddie! Eddie, I think you're the last call as far as the paintball stuff goes. Eddie. How you doing, guys? All right, man. Hi, is this the oppression of Anthony Sharpe? Well, anyway, Anthony's the surgeon. Let's not forget. I've been watching you guys for the longest. Love you guys. Thanks. Yeah, my friend Doug turned me on to you. I said I would never listen to anybody named Opie. You see? I think we have persevered despite the Opie name. All right, but I still love you guys. Anyway, this happened about five, six years ago. I had a friend named Jack. He just got out of jail and he said, you know, let's go paintballing. So he takes me to Jersey and, you know, I'd never been paintballing. I grew up in Brooklyn. So you have some real weapons there. Yeah. I go up with the cast from Full Metal Jacket up there. Yeah. You know, we're shooting, shooting. I get tagged out. And then another friend of mine gets tagged out. Okay. Where is this story going, sir? What was that? And where is this story going, sir? Well, here's what happened. Okay. I go down to the lake. My friend Charlie, he has to urinate. So he's standing there. All of a sudden, Jack the psychopath comes out. Standing about two feet away, he shoots Charlie right in the testicle. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Well, the end of the story. Help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. Well, thanks, Eddie. I'll learn how to time and dust. All right. Bye. Bye. You got a feeling he has to take a breath after every sentence. Somehow, paintball is a lot more fun to play than it is to talk about. Well, you know what? I think we're done talking about paintball. Yeah, that's all. Yeah. We always take one or two phone calls too many. We just put it over the line, don't we? We don't know where the line is until you jump over it. Yeah. All right. Quick break. Adam, listen to this. What? Oh, is this the Precious? Yeah, this will explain to you. Yeah. I hated my grandma. She was dying and she goes to my mom. Hey, where's Precious? Because I was Precious. She looks at me. Oh, Precious, you're all grown up. I'm like, yeah, where have you been, you old bet? Oh, gosh. The last thing that Aunt Vy heard me say, because we don't call her grandma. Yeah. The last thing she heard before she dropped out of my mouth was, Mom, I'll be in the car. Dude, you guys have some major effing problems. Major effing problems. Over and out, Precious. Precious. Oh, everyone's discussing my little Precious story. Look at Adam. Wow. Adam's like freaking out. I need a minute. She wasn't in my life. So you hate? Yeah. Absence makes the heart hate? Yes. She's dead now. She's dead now. But you didn't see her since, all right, someone's paying for her. Right on the deathbed. No, like I saw her when I was 10, and then the next time I saw her was on her deathbed when I was like 27. But what happened from 10 to deathbed that made you so angry? Oh, she sued my mom, all sorts of fun stuff. Oh, you leave that stuff out? Well, yeah. No, we said it when we first told the story. Precious, Precious whisper in my ear that you love me while I'm dying, so at least I go to heaven peacefully. Precious, come close, Precious. Come, Precious. Shut up! Good Precious. I love you, Precious. Precious has something to say to you, Grandma. Tell me you love me. Power of eternity, power of eternity. Did you lean over quietly to her ear and go? You're going to burn in hell, I hope you see the fiery, flaming pit-fork in your ass for eternity. Do you like the smell of brimstone in the morning? I'm kicking your arrows right now. I'm kicking it. Say hi to the loved one for me. It means no more to me than kicking the sprinkler hose line. Shut up! Anthony, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company, Mother's Day just around the corner this Sunday. How does it feel to taste your own blood, you bitch? Oh, that's right, Mother's Day. Yeah, Mother's Day right around the corner. I'm going to kill the cat next. If your grandma was still alive, you could... I do have a grandma that's still alive. She's a lovely lady. And are you going to give her a... She doesn't call back. She's a wonderful lady. Are you going to give her a Vermont Teddy Bear? I gave my mom a Vermont Teddy Bear. Was it ticking? Was it ticking? I love my mom and my grandma that's still alive. Do you ever visit the grave? Only when I got a pee. Mother's Day this Sunday, May 14th. What are you going to do? Get the old flower gag every year? It's not that special. In a week, they're wilted and dead and everyone forgot. Get her a Vermont Teddy Bear. Give her a little Bear Graham gift from the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. You gave your mom a bear this year, right? I did. It's under my desk in the office. She's in Tahiti. Ant doesn't know where his mom lives. She doesn't know how to... No, she was in Tahiti for Mother's Day. Be honest. You don't have her address. I don't have her address. You don't know where your mom lives. I don't know the number. I know the street and stuff. You go to the 7-Eleven and make a list. That's all I know. How effed up is that? He doesn't know the address of his... You're talking? Are you kidding me? Well, both of you. First of all, Opie, my family didn't settle in Centiport and stay there. Well, your mom's been at this new house for a while, right? It's just weird you don't know your mom's address, but you could recite a line from the little rascal... Yeah, but that's where the changes. It might kill Adi, but it ain't going to kill Simon. It never changes. Joke. Joke. You can't say even the exact line. Because my mother was talking to me when I was watching the episode. So is your mom back from Tahiti yet? And how is she going to get the bear now? I'm going to have to wait until she gets back and I'll bring it over to her in the colorful gift box. Very nice. Okay, Mr. Berkowitz? My God. You can't say they're precious. What are you telling me? You're preaching to me? What do you got, a happy family? We can't have that. All right, listen, Dreamweaver's on the line. Shut up. Okay, very funny. Give Vermont Teddy Bear a call. Talk to one of their friendly bear counselors at 1-800-829-BEAR. Choose from over a hundred bears like the angel mom, the mama's boy bear. Don't come up with a fake bear, Adam. I see you chomping at the bear. Vermont Teddy Bear, very, very proud of that. They pay the bills. I saw him like rear back, like, I got a fake bear. Let's hear your fake bear. All right, go ahead. Because it's Adam's. It's not us. Oh, yeah. We can't control our guests. No, forget it. We can't come up with fake bears. They get big frown on that. Yeah, moving on. The angel bear, the mama's boy bear with a heart-shaped mom tattoo. There's even the pregnancy bear and the red-hot mama bear. That's inflatable, that one. Yeah. They don't have the Whiffle Ball bear yet? Now, Opie, now, Opie, now, Opie. Tell your bear to your mom's occupation or hobby like the nurse bear, the teacher bear, or the gardening bear if she's into gardening. Sending a beargram, a creative alternative to flowers, your mama will love her bear forever. Send a bear to the office or coworkers can see how thoughtful you are. And dads, it's your job to get mama a present from the kids. Mother and cub set, oh my God, from Vermont Teddy Bear. Give them a call, 1-800-89-BEAR, or shop online from monteddybear.com, the creative alternative to flowers. That little bear hitting the finger, that's the Opie bear. The creative alternative to flowers from Mother's Day and graduation, too. That's 1-800-89-BEAR. Tell them Opie and Anthony sent you. They do have a grandma bear, by the way. Yeah, they do. They've got plenty. You give them a call and they'll hook you up with the right bear for whoever you want to get a bear for. I hate her. Well, we have the Kodiak bear. A real one. It's the person you don't like. It's the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Give them a call, 1-800-829-BEAR. Tudes with Tudes. I think every time we open our mouths we'll piss someone off. Opie and Anthony. We're out of control. We're so lucky. All right, knock it off. 1027-WNEW. It's the Opie and Anthony Show, Adam Ferraro hanging out with us today. John from Massapequa Park saw Adam on BH1 last night on The Line or something. What shall we answer? The List. The List. It says The Line. Oh yeah, you're on The List. What the hell was he sitting next to? Biff Naked. Man, I wanted to jump through the TV and punch that thing in the effing face. Who the hell was she or it? Syndication, whatever. Biff Naked? Biff Naked. She's some punk rock singer. Yeah. I think she's on the SmackDown or Slam Down soundtrack, that David Arquette movie. Oh, that thing. Did she smell? Did she smell? She didn't smell. I was a little afraid. I was going to be like, you have to give your choices for everything and discuss it. What were some of your choices? Whatever she says. What were some of your choices? I've got to remember, the topic was Scandalous Artists and mine was Ozzy. Very good. Because he got thrown out of Black Sabbath for drugs. How many drugs do you have to do to get thrown out of Black Sabbath? I think Oz has a problem. David Crosby. Yeah, that's pretty good. Who was the third one? I'm asking you. I don't know. I didn't watch the show. I didn't either. Who was the third one? Oh, Nicky Sixx. Oh. He died and came back. He died and came back, yeah. You've got to have a scandalous existence for God to go, I ain't ready. Yeah. I ain't ready for you. Peter, round trip. Well, I had him playing Governor's all weekend. Yeah, I'm there tonight, 8.30 Friday and Saturday, 8.30 and 10.30. Two shows, Friday and Saturday. Cool. And Anthony, also really fast, we forgot to talk about the Wow sticker stuff today. Oh, wow, look, it's already 10 to 4. And we really need a lot of people to show up. We're going to Jersey again today. Oh, shut up, McGurk. Earl and Tony. Who's that? Who's Tony? Who's Tony? Is that the Invisible Man's name? I think so. Are you kidding? Earl and Tony. Oh, wait a minute, is that from The Shining? Tony, he lives in my mouth. Remember that? Vaguely. Yeah, the kid had a friend, Scatman Crothers. Tony. Oh, the kid from The Shining had an invisible friend that lived in his mouth named Tony. Ragnarok! I want to know if that's what somebody meant because that's a pretty good reference. Okay, well, Earl and Tony will be at Finish Line Car Wash, Route 10, East Hanover, New Jersey, from 430 to 530 today. At the car wash! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Giving away stickers at the car wash, yeah! We should have promoted this about an hour ago. Come on, we're out of here now! They're on their way and there's going to be no in there because we forgot all about this today. Hey, if they put the Invisible Man into the car wash, will you see like his shape under the falling water and stuff? I'm sure you will. And under those big things that go... Yeah, the foam and all that. That thing that scares the water off the car. And you just see the water drops run? Yeah. You'll see like an outline of the... I'm the Invisible Man! And Adam doesn't know about the Invisible Man. You missed a lot of shows. You missed so much show and it's so important. It really is important. It's like catching up on 90210 in this damn show. Just like that. So if you want to get a WOW sticker, Finish Line Car Wash, Route 10, East Hanover, New Jersey, 430 to 530. Also we're bringing down free T-shirts, car wash coupons, CDs, Say Hi to Earl, Tony and of course the Invisible Man. I'm the Invisible Man! Big Jim from Somerset saying, who's Earl? That's a good question. Are we writing him off the show? Well, we haven't officially wrote him off. Yeah, we haven't. We're working on a storyline. What happened to Earl? Well, we want to get rid of Earl because he's very upset about the way he's treated on this program. So instead of just not talking about him anymore in true drama and sitcom style, we're going to write him off the show somehow. We were thinking maybe he could take a... He leaves to go to another stage or another job. He goes to the heliport down on the west side and the spaz can come in about an hour later and announce that his chopper crashed into the East River or the Hudson. Yeah, he could be all crying and stuff. That's cool. There were no survivors. Earl, put a mask on! Or he could disappear like Chrissy Snow off of Three's Company. Or he could just get another one like Darren Stevenson. Right, we're thinking of doing that too. Just get a brand new Earl. I like the idea of having him go somewhere like Chrissy Snow and you never see his face anymore. You never hear his name but occasionally one of us will be on the phone and be like, okay, bye, that was Earl. You know one of those things? I like that one. Yeah, that's a good one. He's at the car wash. Yeah, I just spoke with Earl. And the boss don't mind sometime if you act a fool. Or Chuck from Happy Days. He just disappeared. Just disappeared with a basket. Just disappeared. Abducted. Jay Moore's on the line, Anthony. Hey, Jay Moore, our buddy, our pal. Mr. Moore, how are you? I'm awesome. Chuck from Happy Days, what a great call. Yeah, Chuck just... And you know what, they left him in the opening credits for like two years. I know and he was never there. He got his hand back at the dinner table. That's all you saw was his hand smacked and occasionally he'd be dribbling a basketball and going, I gotta go. And he'd walk off the driveway. Jacket. How are you, you precious diamond duster? Shut up. I'm in LA and I'm hearing this stuff. Yeah? People are calling me up going, Opie's precious. I go, what are you talking about? He's the diamond duster. They go, no, he hated his grandmother and his grandmother called him precious. I go, that's stupid. I go, everybody's grandmother called him precious. They go, no, you don't understand. For some reason it's really funny. We gotta get syndicated out there at some point because you're getting stuff by what, smoke signals? Yeah. Somebody like puffing smoke signals? And a drum. And a drum. That sounds funny. Jay, you're missing some good radio, man. Yeah, we're having a pisser. We got a new game with a Wiffleball bat that you're going to love. Yeah. You know, I'm a Wiffleball bat. I'm a Wiffleball champion. Oh, it has nothing to do with Wiffleball. It has nothing to do with hitting a ball. Is it with ammo from Preblich? It involves condoms and a- A condom, a Wiffleball bat, and a magic marker. A sharpie. To mark on the Wiffleball bat. And it is truly a competition. A relaxed pelvis. What did you have? What was that black avenue? What was her name? Some Amel Nitrate. I forgot, what was that girl's name? She was the one that the point brought in. Nitrate. Yeah. Nitrate, what was she? She was the one that the point brought in. Yeah. She was the one that the point brought in. Yeah. She was the one that the point brought in. Yeah. She was the one that the point brought in. Yeah. Nitrate, what was she? Yeah, some pimp brought her in. I don't even remember what her name was. Her name was like Nitrate or Knuckles. Knuckles. Velvet? Velvet. He probably, I don't think he'd get the bat back. When the hell are you going to be- You have to go back to the bat rack and get a new one. Jay, I do not want to turn in and see Bill Maher's huge effing forehead again in the show unless you're going to be on that effing show. Yeah, because we're on tonight. Tonight? We heard tomorrow. I heard Monday, Tuesday. We've been tuning in that stupid show every night to see you and you know thank God I get to check out Bill's hilarious monologue but I would really like to check out my pal Jay Moore on the show. Well, I filmed it tonight so who knows when it's on. Oh, okay. All right, so it might be on tomorrow. Hey, hey. Come on, how about an underground secret reference that they want edited out? I'll just say Obey and Anthony. No, do something underground like only like the- Precious. People from the show. Okay, terrific. Yeah, okay, terrific. Do a little okay, terrific. Do you know what the- I have a real terrible net. Do you know what the subject's going to be or anything? Yeah, one is the 40th anniversary of the pill. One is a cop using NRA video to teach kids gun safety. And the other one is, thank God I'm on the show because these are pretty dope topics. And one is gang rape. Oh, the pros and cons of gang- yeah, who's going to come to the defense of that? That's a good thing. Yeah, Jay, come on, it's a good thing. Have you ever been floppy 72nd? Hey, Jay, do you know Adam Frar? Yeah. What's up, Jay? He's in the studio. I didn't know if you were- Did he sit over his arms folded because he hates when I talk? No. No, what are you kidding? I'm a good guy. Adam's my pal. I've known him for many years. Like Mr. Long Island. Yeah, I'm playing governors. Like Billy Joel. Tonight and all weekend. Every time you're on that show you're at governors. Yeah. Do you have a deal with them? Jay needs to know. Adam Ferrara's governors. You're like Mr. Ferrara with the Italian tours. He's selling- I'm Mario Ferrara, Mr. Italy. He's selling pizzas now. I'm Adam Ferrara, Mr. Levittown. He's doing it. Come on down to the Tri-County Fleet Market. Yeah, he's selling pizza, that's true. Wow. Yeah, he's selling pizza. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. I'm a good guy. Hey, Jay, who are you going to be on with? Oh, wait, you're going to need names. I've got to find it first. So, I mean, I buried it under like a thing of fax. Okay, I'm on with Anne Coulter. Who? Exactly. Who is Anne Coulter? James Marsters. Who the hell is that? I don't know. I think that's- I think that's the guy. Yeah, really? I'm going to have to bail James Marsters out of his- I just thought one of them is like a born again Christian or a virgin or both. Hey, how come- What do you know? You've never been weighed. How come your picture isn't on the cover of Picture Perfect, the video? They got that God damn what's his name? Who's in that with you? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Oh, God damn what's his name? Who's in that with you? Kevin Bacon. Yeah, it's like Kevin Bacon and Jennifer Aniston are like the stars of that. And there's a big mark whose name's on it. Yeah, like I'm going through there. So we always like checking out Jay's videos. Although I don't think I could rent the poly. Poly's very good. Is it? Yeah. But then I'm checking it out and you know you're on the cover of Go. Yes. And then I thought Picture Perfect- No, I'm being serious. I'm wondering if you have people that work for you and take care of these things. That was my second movie and I wasn't even out yet. But really there were many things to negotiate with. I couldn't have my agents go- And Aniston was being a twat, right? I couldn't have my agents go, look, this guy could be doing a college for five grand instead of this movie. You better put him on a box cover. I'll have my SUNY Farmingdale before you can blink. And that's an all black school. That's very hard to play. Oh, Jesus. I better put you off stage. I don't know. I'm going to see how many references I can mix in. That'd be cool. I'll be like, look, say you just stayed at home dusting your diamond or I don't know. You're just a Wrangler of some sort. You got to do the Map of Hawaii and all that fun stuff. Hey, you know we finally got Otto and George on the show. I know, I called that day. What was that? We were in your trailer somewhere watching. What was that Otto and George tape you were showing us? That was just his reel. Oh, it was his reel but wasn't it from a roast or something? No, it's from the porno award. Oh, the porno award. Have they seen that? These girls really know how to suck that blank. I was in the elevator with two porno chicks and I go chilling down. They go, no, we're talking right now. Ann Coulter, hottest conservative chick. Let's see. What is this, go on the net? Yeah. You have to get up to Daytech online service? James Marjson from Buffy. Oh, that freaky blonde guy? I don't know, I'm not sure which one I want to start with. I'm going to tear him a new ass. Who's the other guy? It should be four. Offstage, I mean, I'm going to get in the tent. Yeah, who's the fourth person? I don't know, I don't think they found it yet. That's what they're begging me to do tonight. Wow. Hey, I got a funny story for you, real fast, and then it's out of Ferrera time. Okay. I'm going to play my lesson. Oh, I called Buddy Hackett about the potential J-Mor in Dice Rumble. Yeah. Buddy Hackett said he went to Dice's son's birthday party 10 years ago when Dice first hit. Yeah. And he spent 30 grand on his kid's birthday party. And that was the only time he's ever spent time with him. Oh, really? Well, I got to be honest with you, you killed Dice because he's a big fat guy. You probably got 15 left and right before he could even figure out what the hell was going on. He does a great walking. Oh, everyone knows that, yeah. DJ, when you do an impression, you do it for five seconds and you stop. Hey, I'm dying over here. That phone call between you and Dice is legendary, right, DJ? It was just like talking to a retard. We've gotten so many people begging us to replay that thing. I'm over here now, okay? I mean, do people understand something that I didn't? No. And then it was like retarded, right? We were listening, as was the whole audience, and I was saying, what? Because he's like, DJ, I'm over here now, you say what? Okay, you understand? And you're like, what the hell is Dice walking about? I'm literally laying on my couch going, I don't remember doing 11 bong hits. Hey, my friend Billy Hayes. Yeah, he came by with a toy. Yeah, he's got to go get a new window for his car because they don't have wow stickers in Brooklyn. He had one on each window of his car. They smashed in the window and they took five of them and they left him one. Oh my God. They left him one, like here, this is yours. That would be nice, we're throwing you a bomb. He's doing every window. He's like, in case I get pulled over, I don't care where the cop comes from, he's going to know where I'm representing, he's like, who? If I get caught Jack, they'll be like, oh wow, forget it. That's funny. It's the first time in Brooklyn a white guy smashed a window. Tori saw some show yesterday. Yeah, we had a wild show yesterday. Oh my God. We had a hidden microphone going on and we just listened to strippers for like an hour and a half. Before strippers talking with each other, it made you want to puke. Father retarded, right? It was ridiculous. Now we understand why you pay them at the strip clubs. It's so they shut the F up. Just shut up. I'll give you this dollar dance. Don't open your mouth. I'll give you the dollar. The dollar? No, they say dollar. Show world. I'll give you the quarter. The quarter. The eye patch on. All right, Jay, so politically incorrect. I'm taping it today. I don't know, check your list. What do you want me to tell you? I'm here on Friday. Nice suit on VH1 yesterday by the way. That's probably the hottest I've ever looked. And I'm glad that we ran those because my wife's going out of town. Hey! Hey! All right, Jay. Adam Ferrara is at Levittown, governors. Governors. And Levittown. Yeah. We're flying in. Check them out. Check them out. When are you there, Adam? What night? I am there tonight, Friday and Saturday. Two shows Friday, two shows Saturday. Why don't I add a show Sunday for you? You're Adam Ferrara. You never know. I'm in the dollar garden commercial. I can hear that. From the hospitaliano. Hey, Jay, when are you coming back? I'm going to Canada Monday for like three months like a minor league hockey player. For what? A couple little movies. Oh yeah? Look at you. When do we get a little part? A guy named Bill Murray, a guy named Eddie Murphy. Oh really? Nice. It was fun when I got to shut Dice down. He's like, so what are you working on now? I know. When you told him he did shut up. Did he call you a farmer? Because you're from Jersey? Jersey, all they got are pig farms, okay? Adam, did you hear that conversation? No, I didn't hear it. I just answered. You have to replace Adam Ferrara, who by the way is the governor's legend. Jay Moore, plug my thing. The guy is hilarious. I know his girlfriend. She's very hot. Maybe the hot girlfriend will be there. Yeah. She'll be making an appearance. I like to call her start applause break. Adam Ferrara, ladies and gentlemen, go see the show. Jay Moore puts a stamp of approval in this show. He says, you are a great guy. You're going to be a great guy. And you're going to be a great guy. And you're going to be a great guy. And you're going to be a great guy. And you're going to be a great guy. And you're going to be a great guy. And you're going to be a great guy. Thank you, Jay Moore. Very good. I'm doing politically incorrect. Get some more wow stickers, would you? All right, Jay. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. There he goes. Jay Moore, our pal, our Hollywood pal. He's funny. All right, we've got to take a break, Anthony. Yeah, look at that. Once again, we've got to remind you, if you want your own wow sticker, Anthony. Yeah. So what, have they broken into his car and he left them one? Yeah, they did. He's like the Nero in Goodfellas. You might know who we are, but we know who you are. Yeah. He's like the Nero in Goodfellas. Yeah. He's like the Nero in Goodfellas. Yeah. He's like the Nero in Goodfellas. Yeah. He's like the Nero in Goodfellas. Yeah. You might know who we are, but we know who you are. Yeah. He's $50 in the wallet. Yeah. You've got to throw him a little something after your roust. Please help us out. We were supposed to promote this all day and we've got all about it. So if you're in the area, we've got Earl, Tony, and the Invisible Man going to the Finish Line Car Wash, Route 10 East, Hanover, New Jersey. They're going to be there in about a half hour. Giving out the brand new wow stickers. They've got free t-shirts, free car wash coupons and CDs, a bunch of stuff. Please go help us out because we need to make a little display there. A little showing, if you will. Finish Line Car Wash, Route 10 East, Hanover, New Jersey, within a half hour. Thank you. We'll be back. Dopey and Anthony Show. I think that might be part of the problem with society today. Oh, I believe we're the problem. Guelphic, you stupid bitch. One of seven WNEW. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Time to destroy stuff. Wow, Jay is in a lot of movies, huh? Dopey's got that grandma look in his eyes. Shut up, man. I'm rocking. 2127571027. And what do you got on the instant feedback? I was just looking at somebody, Matt from Long Island, and then emailed Jay Moore doing the film Pluto Nash with Eddie Murphy. Also Speaking of Sex with Bill Murray and Lara Flynn Boyle and James Spader. And he's in a movie about a serial killer who likes to kill virgins, cherry falls, coming in September. It's good to align ourselves with Jay Moore now when he's doing all these movies and stuff. Because then when he becomes a big, huge A-list Hollywood star, he'll blow us off. He'll blow us off. Everyone else will be able to rip him apart. Everyone blows us off after they become famous. Except for your pal Adam, because you're like childhood friends. No, no, no. I'm a little worried about this whole thing with this pilot coming up. No, I got a new movie called Granny Gangbang. Let me take a look at that. That's what I'm in. I play pizza boy number one. Look at this video. How frightening is that? The ultimate granny gangbang. 84 year old takes on 84 total inches of wah. And there she is on the cover with her walker. Look at this. Look at the skin. It's like wet cement. You know when you're floating wet cement? You're floating. Let me see this. Is it sicker than the other one? Look at her. Is it sicker than Century Sex? You know something? It's sicker on a different level. Century Sex was old, but she couldn't do anything. She just laid there. This chick looks like she's doing some chicks. She's like trying to get something done. Ha! E.T. Oh my God. Gravity. This girl is... Ain't it a bitch? Not just a good idea. It's the law. She looks like Rose, our stripper friend. That's frightening. That's a stripper? Please welcome to the main stage Dusty Drapes. We have a stripper friend that's what, 73? 73, 74? She bends over. You gotta help her out. Well, the porn video is courtesy of unofficial Steve from foundrymusic.com. He also brought that Academy Award winning film American Booty. Boy, that came out quick, huh? And the war film Dishonorable Discharge. Why do you have to always bring porno? It's not like cool porno. Actually, he has brought us some of the cool porno. I was actually with a friend of mine who's a pediatrician and he picked those out. You see something shocking and the vanilla man on top get it over with. It just didn't really do anything. I think I might just be too desensitized from doing that website for so long. So you had to get a grandma getting gang banged. Yeah. Oh, I know. I know. Look at this. Precious. How about that? Oh, Jesus. This is scary. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Just looking at the pictures on the box. You can sell donkey rides down there. That's disgusting. Oh my God. You gotta pay a toll before you. This helicopter traffic. Look at that. That's just wrong. So, poor unofficial Steve. He got a ticket for not wearing a seatbelt. What happened there? Life just isn't fair because Anthony at this point is driving on sidewalks to get to work and making all these illegal turns. I become brazen. And you're at a stoplight, you said, and a cop bangs on the window and gets a ticket for not having a seatbelt on? Hold over to stoplight, like maybe two blocks away from the studio. I hear this little knock on the window and he goes, pull over. I'm like, what? You're not wearing a seatbelt when you so. And step away from the porno. Exactly. I should have offered up the porno in exchange. But of course it didn't occur to me to pull out the PDA card until after you had written the ticket and walked back. Why didn't you hand that to me first? Sorry. It didn't occur to me. Oh, man. So you got the ticket. No points. It just costs you money. But make sure you pay that surcharge. I didn't pay my surcharge. $500. Like five bucks and they were ready to throw me in jail. I remember that. It's like 30 bucks. But at this point, you could go on a shooting spree. You got so many shields and PDA cards. I'm very hooked up. Very hooked up. Driving on sidewalks and poor Steve gets caught for not wearing a seatbelt. I passed over a double yellow around a cop car and a bus. I'm not joking here. I did that down Coney Island Avenue. I passed a car which I thought was a cab but it turned out to be an unmarked police car and a bus that was trying to turn. I just went into oncoming traffic and went right past them. Adam makes these moves and then brags about them on the air. I'm not bragging. He makes those moves without an outlet to tell people. I would tell people don't get in a car with him. He's like, ayes, all right. He's not. Well, the fine officers of the NYPD and various other law enforcement agencies of this great city have hooked me up with various items that have helped me out. I think I actually drive to work in a police uniform. They've given me a police uniform, badge and a gun and a cop car. Can I drive around in that now? It gets me out of a lot of stuff. He actually has a cop sitting next to him. Starsky is there today. Yeah. He's okay with us boys. You know, I think they understand because I'm getting out of the way of the idiots and morons on the road. That's all. It has nothing to do with me breaking the law for no reason. There's a reason. I'm in the battery tunnel and there is a car in front of me doing 25 miles an hour and just to my left is a whole nother clear lane. Just because there's a double yellow line, lights that say no passing, no lane changing in the tunnel. Why shouldn't I be able to just look in my mirrors, make sure it's safe, scoot over and use that available lane? You know what I like? If you were... I'm supposed to stay in what is the longest tunnel I believe in the world, the battery and get through that whole thing without passing somebody, eat me. I'm going. Those lines are just a suggestion. Exactly. Why? Those are for people that don't know what they're doing. It's a suggestion. Purely optional. Yeah. Purely. What's the difference if you're out on an open road or there seems to be this covering over you, you're going under the water, that certain rules of the road don't apply anymore? I can't look in my mirrors, see it's clear and move over? What? So we're in a tunnel. So? Holly Barry had the same excuse. Out of my way! Out of my way! Do they know the story about you traveling on the airplane when you were a kid? The rivets hit through small. That's Joe's story. I never said that. No? Yeah, that's Joe's story. Oh, that's just hearsay? Yeah. Let's check in with Earl. He was smoking a lot of pot. Earl's on his way to the finish line car wash route 10 east head over New Jersey to give out those fine Whip-a-Mas Wednesday stickers, Anthony. The last week of Earl on a very special episode of Opie and Anthony. He's got a lot of t-shirts, CDs, car wash coupons and... Earl, where are you? Guys, we're in Newark. You're in Newark? Yeah. Don't get out of the car. What? You turned into a lawyer. When are you going to be at the finish line car wash route 10 east and over New Jersey? We should be there shortly, but our driver here took a very wrong turn. Stop! We're in beautiful downtown Newark. Shut up! They get lost every single day. Are you lost, Earl? We'll get there, guys. Who's with you? Tony Bloomfield's with me. Oh, okay. I thought it was Tony from The Shining. Anthony, do we have the audio of Earl lost in the van once again going to a Wow sticker stop? I believe we do. This was recorded earlier on his way to this sticker stop. Oh, help me! Help me! Help me! Help me! Somebody help me! Help me! Help me! He's desperate! Do what he says! Do what he says! Earl, what's taking you so long? But say... There's been a little bit of traffic and one wrong turn. All right, so... Can't say anything. We'll be there shortly. All right, give us a call when you get close, okay? Yes, sir. All right, there he goes, Earl. Oh, lost again. Earl's not happy. He's lost again. He's lost again. He's lost again. He's lost again. Earl's not happy. He's lost again. Finish line car wash route 10, East handover, New Jersey. Was it his idea to leave? He'll be there soon with the Wow stickers, huh? His idea to leave? No, ours. Okay. We got it. That's why it doesn't sound happy. All right, now we've got to take a break. Wow, another one. Yeah, we're trying to catch up. Yeah. We'll be back more with Adam Ferraro in just a bit. Don't forget he's playing Governors tonight. 8.30 show. Tomorrow and Saturday for two shows. You're clapping for me or the porn? Yeah, for both. Yeah, for both. Yeah, for both. Yeah, for both. Yeah, for both. Yeah, for both. Look at that. Porn out. It's all gone. American booty. It's a phone receiver. I know. That thing's huge. Yeah, give Governors a call for taking info, okay? All right, we'll be back. OP and Anthony. 1027-WNEW. Hey Anthony, Rockaway Bedding. Rockaway Bedding. I have an announcement to make. Yeah. I need a new bed. Where should I go? Whoa. I need a new bed. So, who? I need, we've had about a thousand people in the wonderful world of people that are pleased with their Rockaway Bedding bed. I got a challenge for Rockaway Bedding though. All right, here's the challenge. I need the monster bed. Yeah. You got the monster bed, right? Uh-huh. But I need it to be taken upstairs into my bedroom. Mm-hmm. Not easy. Stairs very, very steep. Okay. There's no way you're going to get that bed up there. I don't know. Do they have split bed frames? OP. Do they have split box springs? Absolutely do. My mattress that I got from Rockaway Bedding, my Sterns and Foster huge king size mattress came with the split box spring, two of them. And believe me, the hobble I have to reside in these days as opposed to the palatial Anthony estate of just a few months ago that I'm still paying for. The litigation hut. Yes, yes, I'm in the litigation hut. I'm sharing a hammock with the skipper. Just remember though, you're free. Yes, yes, yes, the cost of freedom. But the small stairway, same thing, I had it with a turn at the top that's ridiculous. That's what I'm trying to say, will they fold the huge king size bed? Well, the mattress was able to turn around corners because it is indeed a mattress, so it can turn around corners. And the box spring being a split, it is like the little twin beds, but it's two of them. So you could get those up there. Well, that's a piece of bed. And they bring in the steel bed frame, they set it up for you, and before you know it, you are sleeping on a huge bed. You get lost in the thing. Cool. Because I'm sick of waking up with arthritis from not moving in my bed. I have a futon. Oh, those are worse. Polynesian word for scoliosis. Oh, brother. All right, so Rockaway Bedding, I'm going to give them a call soon. They got 140 stores throughout New York and New Jersey, Anthony. You can stop at one of their stores and try the beds out. They got all the brand names and they'll get rid of my old stained mattress, right? Yes, they will take that down and it won't sit in front of your house collecting flies or whatnot. Very, very embarrassing yourself. People don't need to know you've been there. Very good. Yeah, they do the whole damn thing for you, right? You could clone an opie with the old mattress. Pretty much. I don't want to hear that. Freshest too. You can stop at one of Rockaway Bedding's area stores or give them a call. 1-800-TRY-A-BED. That's 1-800-TRY-A-BED. If J. Moore and Anthony sleep on a new mattress from Rockaway Bedding, so should you. That's in the copy. Can we reword that? That's in the copy? If J. Moore and Anthony sleep on new mattresses from Rockaway Bedding. No, my copy reads, if J. Moore and Anthony sleep on a new mattress, mattress from Rockaway Bedding, so should you. No, because that's implying that it's one mattress that we are both sleeping on, which is not the truth. Mattresses or mattress I, what's the point? If J. Moore and Anthony. Well, J. is busy filming all these movies, so you must have the whole bed of yourself these days. What's pillow talk like? J, how come my picture is not on the box? And I just reworded what's put in front of me. Or does it not say if J. Moore and Anthony sleep on a new mattress? And what, did I write the copy? Let me write this to sound like me and J. are sleeping on one mattress. It's two box springs. Very funny. All right, well, Rockaway Bedding, give them a call. 1-800-TRY-A-BED. Don't go to CNN for dick jokes. I like it when the show is dirty. It's the Opie and Anthony Show. It's the Opie and Anthony Show. And I ain't even with that in Farrar. It's like the Interboro Parkway. And the guy goes, it's a grid. I'm going, what are you, nuts? That's the Jackie Robinson Parkway now, brother. Oh, it is? Yeah. Are we back? Yeah. Talking about the trials and tribulations of driving in Brooklyn. Man. Because it is a grid, much like Manhattan, but it's like a couple of different grids, and then they crisscross at angles. So when you get in between a couple of them, it gets a little confusing. It's the Star Trek chess game. The tri-level chess game. Trying to get around on it. Let's go to the phones. We haven't talked to anyone yet today. Beth, what's going on? Are you talking to me? We're talking to you. Yes, Mrs. De Niro. No, I have a question for you guys. Yeah. Don't make it hard. Okay. I won't make it hard. Is it really that important, the size of a woman's breast? Yes. Next question. Honestly. No, not if you're in love. I've stated on many occasions on this very program that I am not into the big, huge breasts. You know, like we get these strippers in here with big boobs. It doesn't do anything for me. I like checking them out, but it's not my favorite body part anymore. I like them when... I want my girls to look like nine-year-old boys. I like the mid-riff. I like them when they're bigger than your head. The Adam's into the huge boobs. I like them so big in the morning they collect dew. Is that wrong? Oh, be true, man. We've seen... We've looked on the computer and you look at the porno and stuff, and it's always like, oh, check this chick out. It's just got like these yabos. And obviously you were the only one in this room that was breastfed as a kid. Uh-oh. Oh, that's a tragedy, that tragic story. Adam, you weren't breastfed either, right? I guess not. I think guys that are into big boobs were not breastfed as kids. Really? Yeah. And you remember that? I would remember. Why is she asking this question? Yeah, why, Beth? Yeah, what's the matter there? How tiny are you? I'm pretty small. What's your size? Cherry tomatoes? I don't wear a bra. I don't need to wear a bra. Oh, believe me, you should, though. Why? It's worse than the small boobs when the girls aren't wearing a bra, because then they turn into flapjacks. Oh, I don't think I'll have that problem. So what, are you completely flat-chested with just a big nipple? No. I hate that. What's the size of your bra? That I don't like. Like an A, like an A, like an A. Little A cup? Yeah. I love the A cups. Small little boobs, Deez. Are they shapely? Yeah. Yeah? That's cool, then. They're shaped like tears and tomatoes. You don't have a big old ass, do you? I'm very thin. So you don't have the... I think that's why my breasts are so small, because I'm so thin. So you don't have the big ass... What, are you proportioned? No, I think I need to be bigger. Oh, okay. Get some breast implants. No. Bigger is chest massage. No. No? No. I just... You know, you listen to these radio shows and you hear... You know, you have a big male audience and you guys always talk about, oh, she was gorgeous and... No, see, then you aren't listening very close? No. I listen. I listen very closely. But you know what? Anthony, you're sensitive. Opie, you're not. So I hear... I can hear from Anthony. I can hear... I knew Anthony was going to say, no, it doesn't make difference. I knew Opie would have something obnoxious to say. No, Beth. Oh my God. Wait, Beth, I'll be honest. We've given props to Gregorio. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's great to check out. And when we get like the crystal storm that comes in here, it's got the huge monstrous boobs. There is nothing sexual about that. There's no turn on whatsoever. Yeah, but it's like the Matterhorn. It's a challenge. Yeah, but there's things you can do with those. No, no, no. We're talking about a freak show at that point. You look at them like that when they get those huge big boob implants and it is not sexual. I'm looking at sexual. There is nothing sexual about those big melons. Why do you think these women do it then? Because it's a freak show. You would go in there and pay money in a strip club to see somebody with a giant tumor on their head the same size as the boobs. Yeah, it's just some wacky thing. We're talking about a girl that had a 122 triple Z breast that came in here last week or whatever. Yeah, but she doesn't think she's a freak. Oh yeah. No, I think she does. I think she realizes what it's all about. When you have to cut a hole in your mattress to put your boobs down and when you sleep on your belly, you kind of know you're a freak. She's lining her pockets. She makes a lot of money off her huge boobs. It's a business. I mean, I've seen what a proportion with large boobs. Nice. I love little boobs. Eat your spinach and grow some boobs. I'd clearly pay you Tuesday for some boobs. And Beth, let it be known that Anthony was the obnoxious one today. Hey, no, it's your day. You're still working on your precious grandma obnoxiousness. I was nothing but nice to you. Monday when Anthony turns evil. Thank you, Beth. Bye bye. You guys are like Goofus and Gallant from Highlight. Yeah, we are. But it switches every week. It's hysterical. We have a schedule in the back to find out who's going to be the good cop and who's going to be the bad cop every day. That's funny. Louis, what's up? Yeah, bro. I love flat chested women. I don't know what you're talking about. I feel too many breasts. It's just, you know, it gets sloppy after a while. Have you been with a woman with three? I mean, too many? I have four women on the leg. I mean, I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I mean, when it gets too big to the point that, you know, you get hurt by it, you can get smothered. You know, too much work. I just love breasts. Well, you see, I guess because I got breasts when I was younger. No, I just said big. I just love breasts. It feels like when she holds her hair up behind you, you can see like this part. Well, didn't you say when we were discussing, you know, because they're leg men, ass men, breast men, didn't you say you were a breast man? Yeah, but that doesn't mean they have to be big. It does imply that I think more breast men are big breast men. Like if you're a breast man, you're going to go after bigger sooner than smaller. Here's the deal. My favorite breast size is 36C. Okay. That's not that big. No, that's a nice size. That's a nice size. It's big. It's respectable. But it's not a beat cop. But I'm not talking like my favorite size is 36, double F. You know what I mean? But when we look on the computer, it's always the double. You don't call me around for a C chick. No, I don't. What was that one chick the other day when you're pulling up the five pictures of a view or two? Oh, I said she was a beautiful woman. And what size was she? Double F and D's. She had everything going on on that girl. Yeah. Whoever sent those pictures, thank you. We were drooling in the back office. But she was a double D. But we were looking at... You mean you were going to go with a large chest and no ass, just that flat... Yeah, yeah. It destroys the whole thing. Yeah. So it's got to be all proportioned. Yeah. Like the woman on the mud flap. I like her. The mud flap of the drop. Yeah, the chrome woman. Yeah, the chrome woman. The silhouette of the chrome woman. I love that. Oh, that's perfect. Give me the chrome woman. Give me the chrome woman. I can use it to signal my friends. Hey, look at the chick. Drew from Freehold writes, hey, I totally dig chicks with small cans. I even have an issue of A cup honeys underneath my bed. A cup honeys? I haven't seen that porn magazine yet. I don't know, man. They got all kinds of specific porn. Girls that look like your sister. You know, I got like those men. Specific porn. Specific porn. And we got every single one of those in the back office. Well, look at the videos that are coming out. I know. Was it girls that look like my sister, Adam? No. There it is. You mean the one you knocked out with a stretch Armstrong? Yeah. I mean, I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. Let's go to Kitty. Kitty! Yeah. How are you? Fine. How are you? You're thinking about going to Lesbo? Yep. All right. Well, what's the story? Tape it. Tape it. I'm tired of guys. They do nothing for me. Really? How old are you? Now, why do guys do nothing for you? Was it always like that? What have your experiences been with guys? Let us know a little. They can't have sex. They're not good at it. How many guys have you been with? Too many to remember. Where are you finding them? Hanging out with people. Drunk in bars, maybe? No. Are you the last girl they take home at night? No. All right. Well, have you ever had an orgasm? I think once and it lasted for like a second. A second? If she says, I think I had one, then you didn't have one. Have you ever made out with a chick? Yeah. And you like that better? Yeah. It's on videotape. It's on videotape. Yeah. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie. 16. And you enjoyed it, right? Were you both completely naked? Not at the beginning. Nice bodies? 14. Oh. Like a snare drum. So by the end of this you were both naked? Yep. And this is on videotape? This is on videotape. No, that's possession of a felony. That's possession of kid porn. Oh my God. Pulled pants down. I didn't say that. Did we see your stuff? Shut up. Did we see your stuff? How old are you now? 19? Pulled pants down. How many times have you watched the tape since then? Since then? I think two or three times. I don't have it in my house. Have you been aroused when you watched it? Has anyone been aroused? Yeah. My best friend has. One of my exes is there. No, you. You, you. When you watch the tape do you get all turned on and stuff? Sort of. It's sort of kind of interesting to see. No, no, no. The history channel is interesting. This isn't interesting. That's not where we're going. Now this chick is now 17, this other one? Yeah. And do you see her anymore? No, I don't. She sort of moved away. Yeah, Beth. And you obviously want to get one of those little experiences going on again, right? Yeah. Hey, do you have the tape in your possession? No, my friend does. I was going to say pop it in the VCR and put the volume on. Well, listen, listen to some taboo, forbidden tape. You can give us the John Madden. I got her to scream. What were you doing as you got her to scream? I have a lethal tongue. You have a lethal tongue? Well, it's good to know that Rob Lowe is still directing movies. Yeah. Wow. That's, you know that tape is illegal to possess? Yeah, I know. You know, right now the friend moved away. She's in some psychiatrist's door. Show me on the doll where she touched you. That's what I want to say. My goodness. Well, and that's the only chick you've been with, huh? Yeah. Why? This was how many years ago? Five years ago? You know, at a point they do grow hair. That might turn you off a little. No, she was fine. Would you like to come in for a Lesbian for a Day experience? Well, right now I've got to finish up with my school. That's nice. Would you like to come in? Well, I need someone to drive me. Well, she's 19 though. Yeah. I have a car. Yeah, I'm just curious. I don't need a hit. If you were that turned on, how come you never did it again with another girl? It's been three years. Because society frowns on you. Society, parents. All right. I've made my decision. Kitty, you are a lesbian. Thank you. Anthony, I don't think she knows you. Yeah, I think she's in the confused portion of sexuality. She's on the interval of Parkway. Yes, teetering towards lesbianism. But I think it would take, I think one guy knowing what he was doing might turn you over to where you wouldn't go off. No, I've been with every kind of guy. No, because she's been with more guys than girls. And what happens? They don't please you for what reason? Is it you don't like what they're doing to you? You don't like how it feels no matter what they do? No matter what they do. After a while, I just credit it done. She's basically confessing to us that she's a lesbian. Have you told your friends you're a lesbian yet? You're kind of coming out of the cloud. She's only been with one girl. She just knows though. One of them knows. You want to be a lesbian, don't you? But you're just scared what your friends and family are going to think. Yeah. All right. Well, we could hook you up with another girl if you want. What do you look like? Take it easy. Don't give it one of these girls. What do you look like? Five-five. Five-five. Brown eyes. Brown, brown. What's your measurements, weight? My chest? Yeah. 36 D and a half. D and a half. 36 D. Okay. And what about the rest of you? My waist is 28, 36. And what was that guy saying in the background? He's just shocked I'm doing this right now. Really? Yeah, you're a lesbian, man. I think he's upset too. How am I? Who is he? How much do you weigh? Me? I'm 135. Five-six, 135? Five-five. Five-five. Got Ds. Ds. All right. We could hook you up for the day, I think. Who is that guy back there? That's my friend. Okay. Is he bummed because he wants a piece of you? Do you have a video camera? Is he one of the guys down there in the room? Yeah, he has a video camera though. He's trying to walk the guys. Email us a picture. He can't do that. What? He can't email. Oh, okay. Have him snap a digital and email it over to us. Okay. All right. Leave us a number where you can get a hold of him. All right. Send us, yeah, stay on hold. Rick will give you an email address to send it to. Okay. All right. Hold on a second. Kitty the lesbian over there. And Rick, please don't even imply that we would want to see that tape, okay? When you talk, it would be wrong and illegal. So please, no matter what you do, self-address me probably. Don't. You want to? You want to? You want to? You want to? You want to? You want to? You want to? You want to? You want to? You want to? You want to? You want to? You want to? You want to? You want to? 