 Opie and Fibby, Opie and Fibby. 1027 WNEW. Whip them out Wednesday. Oh man, Sunbed Dwarf. Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. 1027 WNEW. Rock! Fibby! Fibby! Fibby! Fibby! Little loud, little loud, come on! Oh man, this is so fast! Fibby! Little loud, little loud, come on! Oh man, this is so fast! Butt-sex! We saw some of that butt-sex last night. Oh my God, was that something. Woo! Stockbroker Dave earning his cash, or she earned his cash. Yeah, we played when Stockbroker Dave's money yesterday late in the show. We saw things, we saw things. Yeah. I've never seen asparagus consumed in quite that fashion. And with that type of gravy on it. And where is the world's largest carrot? We sealed it in a plastic evidence bag. And I believe it will be auctioned off at some point with the rest of the stuff. We got that hairy Pakistani bitch when we shaved her ass. Remember that one? Oh yeah. Yeah, we got that, hair. The huge carrot. We have the wax drippings from the wax that we dripped on the chick's balloon knot. I mean there's all kinds of goodies. Screw like the JFK Junior auction, and the JFK auction, the Jackie O auctions. The Wizard of Oz auction. Who cares about the red shoes? Right, we got some. Oh, the ruby slippers. We definitely have some stuff we want to auction off. Who cares? Well, let's whip them out Wednesday everyone. Yeah. Hey, Joe, it's Anthony Schope. Got to say hi to the guys effing up traffic on the West Side Highway. I'm trying to get into the station today, up the West Side Highway. I guess because the nice weather and it's been raining the past few days, they pulled out all the construction crews today. So there's one crew working on this building, and they got these pipes on the back of a flatbed truck, and they're taking up two lanes of the three lanes of the West Side Highway. So just traffic. Everyone's waiting, beeping, all impatient. So I finally get where I'm squeaking by the truck. There's a guy standing on the flatbed with a huge cardboard wow sign, trying to get the chicks to wow. Awesome. I kind of stopped and gave him a look, and he just kind of looked at me like, keep moving ass wife. That's funny. Like, no, but I'm part of the show. Right. He's trying to get wows though. Pretty cool. That is very cool. What a beautiful day for whipping out Wednesday. That's again, God endorsing whipping out Wednesday with his weather. Well, it's about time. We've got a lady on the line who wants to wow, but she's having some type of problem. We'll talk you through it. Ray, what's going on? Hi. First of all, you should know that there's a whole group of us in northern Westchester who are all game for this. And we're looking, but there's nothing. I'm making a big, big, big bucket. I hope you're following that. Right there? Yeah. I'm on the right side. So sorry about that. And I came all the way straight down Sawmill, not a car. But I'm looking, what's the procedure? I'm driving. How do you drive and whip? Well, you're supposed to dress accordingly if you're going to go out there. I have a t-shirt on. But I mean, do you have to whip the bra up? What are you whipping exactly? Yeah, you've got to whip out boobs. The boobs? Not bra covered boobs. Not a bra. We're talking boobs. Boobs. Okay, so bra-less. Yes. All right. Yeah. So you're willing to wow today? Yes, there's no wow. So you don't see any wow stickers out there? No. I saw so many frigging wow stickers on the West Side Highway coming into town. I'm coming down West Side Highway right now. So as soon as you see a wow, you will wow? I will wow. Okay, that's good news. All right. All right. We are waiting. We're talking suburban housewives willing to wow. Now where are you right about now? I'm approaching 125th, going down West Side Highway. Okay. Oh, man. Sorry. All you need to see is a guy with a wow sticker on his car and you're going to flash your boobs. How do you not get in an accident while you're doing that? Well, you've got to be very careful. Be very careful. You've got to be careful. There's a lot of ladies that wow together. They have someone who drives and then someone in the passenger seat that takes care of the wowing. All right. Well, this isn't a hobby. It's an incidental thing. No, I understand that. Okay. I understand that. Just be careful. All right. You guys are great though. It's fun. Thank you. Please let us know if you wow. I will. Okay. All right. There goes Ray. She's somewhere on the West Side Highway just waiting to see a wow sticker. Thank you, Ray. Bye. Opie? Yeah? Of course, we like congratulating our young athletes out there that are always getting into certain running races, running clubs and stuff. We love reading some of the results of these things. We do? Yeah. Well, the Ocean Running Club was running today. This is in the Asbury Park Press in the newspaper. Okay. They printed it. And first place for the age group, Milo Yambag. There it is right in the paper. Milo Yambag. You rule. He came in fourth place. Check it out. Let me see. Black and white. Right there. Asbury Park Press. Milo Yambag made the Asbury Park Press fourth place, first place for his age group. Milo Yambag. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. Milo Yambag. Wow, he's a good runner too. Yeah. 29.38. What was this? Was this a five-miler? Not bad. Wack bag. Wack bag. Just under six-minute miles. And he won his division, the 40 to 49 year old division. Nice. Congrats going out to Milo Yambag. Milo Yambag from Point Pleasant. Good job, Milo. That's pretty funny, man. We've gotten a couple of those. It's great. The running clubs. Yeah. Yeah, there was another guy that used to run as Yoshi. Yoshi. Another guy was Dirty Sanchez. Dirty Sanchez, right? I remember. He did very well in his race. Reed, what's going on? Hey, guys. How's it going? Great wow story. Yeah. At a bar last night and didn't know it, but there was another radio station van parked out front. Oh. Because they were doing a promo. Uh-huh. For me, my buddies are bummed that we don't have a camera because we would plaster this guy's van with wow stickers. Yeah. So what we're doing is the geek from this other radio station is taking pictures and he's got this little instamatic camera. So I go up to the hottest girl in the bar and I say, look, you've got to just pretend to be my girlfriend for a minute. So I go up to this guy with the camera and I say, look, I want to take one of your fans, this little card they're giving out. I'm going to stick it between her wowers and we'll take a picture of it for you. You can put it on whatever website you like. Oh, it looks great. So I take his camera. me and my buddies go out with this chick, plaster his van with the wow stickers. I take a picture then of a bunch of pictures of his van with your wow stickers all over him. Yeah. Then the girl proceeds to wow us right then and there. She says, oh, this is great. And she just drops her shirt right in front of us. Oh, that's beautiful. I bring the camera back in and I'm like, guy, you're not going to believe these great pictures, man. We took pictures of her chest. We took pictures of her, you know, where she's shaving. This guy that you know, one hour photo right now, probably thinking he's going to get some great shots and there's going to be pictures of his van go covered with vial. That's great. Very good. Thank you, Reed. That's a good story. Joe from Jersey checking in. Hey, ONA, Jeff Norris rocks. Look at that. Got my wow sticker from Jeff yesterday. Of course we got a problem with the the Opie and Anthony wow van yesterday. The tire flew off. There's somebody loose in the lugs, it seems. That figures. And we do have a lot of enemies. I'm just surprised they would try to kill somebody that works for us. Unbelievable. So, uh, Jeff Norris stepped up to the plate, took his own vehicle and the wow stickers and the sticker stop went on. Yes. So let's see what this guy Joe from Jersey says. Got my wow sticker from Jeff yesterday. Got wowed this afternoon on the parkway by two girls in a blazer. He writes two, two, pondering. Jeff is a hell of a funny guy. He not only made sure we all got stickers, he kept us laughing with jokes. It was like a show. All black girl ever did was piss us off. Wow, you're Jeff. He rocks. Very cool. See there you get that's the way a sticker stop works. Oh yeah. And Jeff's going to be at the road show tomorrow. We'll, we're going to talk about that all day long because we're really excited about that. But gorilla boy did a great job with that job. Step up stickers yesterday. Anthony, speaking of wow stickers, we're doing another sticker stop today. Yeah. We're going back to Long Island. A lot of people pitching and complaining that we haven't done enough, uh, sticker stops on Long Island. Really? We're going to East Meadow, Long Island today to the Beverage Barn on Front Street. East Meadow. East Meadow. I'm sorry. Beverage Barn, 2080 Front Street, East Meadow, Long Island. We'll be there by 430 today. And we're giving out the brand new wow stickers. We are, uh, we're, oh, also we got the WWF posters. Some of them, some of them autographed by all your favorite superstars. Plus, plus they got tickets for the WWF event at the garden June 24th. So if you don't have your wow sticker yet, you can go to the Beverage Barn, East Meadow, Long Island today at 430. That's 2080 Front Street, East Meadow, Long Island. Okay? Yeah. And I believe if you make it down to Beverage Barn, you're going to see some, uh, some wowing in it. Some wowage. A lot of people in a very festive mood today. Okay? Yeah. Is our, uh, is our van all back in order? Yeah, it costs like $600. $600 to fix a tire. They did some serious damage yesterday. Well, the rotor hit the ground and they needed a new rotor and it was a mess. It really was a mess yesterday. Dennis, what's going on? Dennis? Yeah? We got you live on the radio. What's up? Oh, what, hey? I'm driving down the Garden State Parkway. I catch two girls in a red Mustang. I look like I've seen it from a movie. I got flashed by these two girls. They showed me their fun bags. Look at that. It's happening all over now. It's really starting to take off. Beautiful. You guys make a driving experience. Excellent. Oh, cool, Dennis. All right, hey, hey. Yeah? I see you looking at your cool face. There was a guy in the back seat. I see you looking at your cool face. All right. Okay, I see your cool face. All right. Good day, you snapperhead. All right, Dennis. Good job. I see you looking at your cool face. Yeah, that's the best thing about a wow, you know, is all you've got to do to participate is get a wow on your vehicle. It's not like you've got to be a certain caller or anything before you know it. You're seeing boobs. And you have a better chance of seeing boobs than winning the lottery. Hell yeah. You don't need the wow sticker on your car as long as you have some type of wow on there because we still like the homemade wows that we see out there on the highways. Of course, the goddamn the trucks out there. I'm seeing every truck on the back of the truck written in the dirt on the big door in the back. Wow. Cool. It's great. People really, really doing it. Let's go to Veronica real fast. Veronica. Hey, ONA, I just had a wow today. It was really exciting. I'm still nervous about it. I was coming from downtown today from paying bills and calling from New Jersey. It was a bunch of guys up in the front fixing a traffic light. And one of the guys had a wow sticker on his shirt. So I whipped out my boobs and they all started hollering. One floor, hitting the mustache. It was really cool. Help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. Where did you get your wow? I got it from a Negro. I gave my wife our free hyphenate of no amnesia in North. I got it from a Negro. Well, Veronica, thanks for helping us out with the Whippin' My Wednesday thing. All right. Thank you. Man, she's all excited. Yeah, see that? Look, it made her day. Yeah. Whippin' out the fun bags. All right, we're just getting started today. We got to talk about the road show and many other things. Yeah. We'll talk about the Knicks a little bit. Ah, whoa. What happened there, Alpie? And did anyone see that Hugh Downs disaster? Yeah. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. I saw it. We're for my Wednesday now. We're for my Wednesday. With them out. With the DJs come out. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, lady now. Come on, lady. Come on and open your blouse. Open your blouse. Flash your boobies at girls. Flash your boobies at girls. Show your male lips to guys. Show your male lips to guys. It's gonna tank below the dashboard. Below the dashboard. Let them fight. Let them fight in the fight. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Shake up my baby now. Shake up my baby. And flap them around. And flap them around. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, lady now. Come on, lady. Because that's what wow is about. That's what wow is about. You've got to lose that shirt. Lose that shirt. And let the fun back bounce. Fun back bounce. It goes small from a second. From a second. Just let those drugs come out. Let those drugs come out. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Oh wow. I'm over here now. Opie, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass. You're obviously a stud. It's the Opie and Anthony Show. It makes me sick. 1027 WNEW. Anthony, Time Out New York. The obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. A huge weekend just about upon us here. Yeah, a lot of people are going to be looking for different things to do, right? Things to do in New York, man. Time Out New York, it's on all the newsstands. You come into town, you want to know what to do. What are you going to do? What are you going to do? Hop on one of those stupid Big Apple tour buses and mow down some ancient actors with the rubes from the Midwest? No, you want to do something cool, something hip, something fun, something that's really New York. That's not stuff the rubes do. We've got to talk about the tour buses next. But continue with Time Out New York, the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. Well, that's what it's all about, finding cool stuff to do in New York. And there's a lot more. You've seen the cover this week's Time Out New York? We've got the annual preview of the Tony Awards. They have Deborah Yates from Contact on the cover. When did theater get so sexy, Opie? For those of you already making summer plans, this week's issue of Time Out has a roundup of the latest bikinis and swim trunks. Swim trunks, wow. Now, the bikinis, check those out. I still got to pick out my swim trunks for this season. Swim trunks. The hell's a swim trunk? Pick up this week's issue for more than 1,000 things to do this week. 1,000 things to do in New York. For a subscription call, 1-888-GET-TONY, Time Out New York, the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment, 1-888-GET-TONY, get it in, get out. I'm just f***ing around. Here we go. Opie, Anthony, our genius gets lost in the crap. I'm going to cut the crap on this end, I can tell you that. 1027 WMEW. I'm going to cut the crap on this end, I can tell you that. Where's our Britney Spears one he made? That's a good one. Stiggy, find the Britney Spears one. Opie John Skinny checking in from the Jersey Shore. He saw what has to be the most contradictory bumper sticker ever. Someone had a Jesus Loves You sticker and over the you part of Jesus Loves You, they put a wow sticker. So it now reads, of course, Jesus loves wow. So we have the endorsement of Christ the Lord as far as wow is concerned. I must say, Anthony, this is the week where wow turns the corner. Yeah. The weeks leading up to today was like whatever, bad weather, crappy spring, cold, blah, blah, blah. But today wow has finally made its appearance in the Tri-State area. Reports of wowings coming on all over the Tri-State area just coming in. Our wow map just full of stick pins now, heavy concentrations of wowing all over the place. Well, it looks like you're going to have to add a pin to the FDR, Anthony. Joe, what's going on? Hey, dude. Yeah. Oh, man, you should have seen this pair. They were awesome. Yes, sir. She's next to me in this gold, brand new like Honda Accord, and she's got a little white button top, button down blouse with a tube top underneath. Yeah. She pulls them down and unbelievable pair. See that? Brown Perky, Arreola, man, they were fantastic. And it made your day, right, Joe? Absolutely. You know what? I almost didn't even notice it because I'm sitting here on my cell phone, talking to one of the guys in the office, and she comes alongside me and I'm like, really not paying attention. And then I did a double take and I said, wow, man, I almost ran into her. And you got a wow sticker on your car or? Yeah. Cool. I got a position right on the back of my minivan, so when I step on the brake light, I light it up. See, Joe, that's a perfect wow, though. You put the wow on your car and you just go about your business and, you know, it'll happen. Absolutely. You weren't expecting it, you weren't looking for it. Not even. No, I put it on there. I said, if I get wowed, I get wowed. I said, hey, boom. Joe, will you ever listen to any other radio show now that we've given you boobs? Is there any radio show? Thank you. I'm over here now on the FDR. Over here now getting wowed. All right, Joe. Thank you. Hey, she got off to go on the Queensborough Bridge, so if anybody's heading over to Queensborough Bridge, look for that gold on the court. Well, the one thing, though, we're telling the ladies, only wow the cars with wow on them. Yeah. You know? Thank you, Joe. You got it, man. All right. You got to get the wow on your car. I'm telling you, homemade sign, wow sticker, we don't care. Maggie, what's going on? Yeah, well, I live in Manhattan and I don't have a car or anything, and I'm willing to wow, but it's like, you know, I'm going to go to Central Park and go running in about an hour. Yeah. And I mean, if somebody's got like a wow sticker on their shirt or like a t-shirt with wow written on it, am I allowed to like, you know? Without a doubt, you're allowed to wow. Yeah. Well, because I figure, you know, if I'm running past them and they got a wow on them, you know, I'll look at my shirt. I've seen people riding bikes and stuff and they got wow stuck on the bike somewhere. Oh, yeah? Briefcases. Yeah, briefcases. I've seen them all over the place. Backpacks. Backpacks are a big thing. Yeah. I don't know if I could do it on the street, the Upper East Side. I think that would give a couple of my neighbors a coronary, but... Man, you know, we blade like two, three times a week after the show, and unfortunately we're not blading tonight. Well, I'm going to go out there in about an hour, so if anybody's got like wow written on a t-shirt or on their shirt or I don't care if I see it, I'll wow them. All right, cool. Thank you, Maggie. All right, thanks. I'm a supporter of wow, Anthony. Yes. Maggie, going to be wowing in Central Park today. Phil, what's going on? Oh, man, driving on these front legs. You got to see these two girls from the Chevy Empower, man. Freeing them with the mouth for me. Unbelievable. Look at that, six boobs, huh? Six boobs just like that. Oh, man, six big ones. Well, congratulations, Phil. Turkey Pigos. Hey, guys, keep shaking it, man. You're the best. All right. All right. It just makes a day when you see foreign boobs. It certainly does. When you're in a situation that sucks, which is the way it is, you're going to be like, Next thing you know, you look over and there's just flesh and you got boobage. Nicole, what's going on? Hey, guys, what's up? How are you? I'm surfing through Napster and all of a sudden what do I see? Opie and Anthony, Christopher Reeves walking. No way. Yeah, we're all over Napster, dude. Oh, my God. You and Steven Lynch all over the place. Do they at least give us credit? Yeah. It's under the Opie and Anthony thing when you put Opie and Anthony in the search. All right. On Napster, all of our bits pop up. Should we be like Lars and sue them and stuff? We're going to sue these people that are taking our music. That's right. No. Please. We don't care. Spread it around like a virus. Yeah, take our bits, spread them all over the Internet. We don't care. Just give us credit. There's a bunch of our bits that we don't get credit for, like the 100 grand bit that God, now that thing is emailed to me once a week and people are like, dude, you got to check this out. This is a really funny prank call. Yeah, we remember it. We were there. We did it. If you listen real closely to the voices, you can hear us. We want our bits to be like unprotected gay sex. Really. Can I say that? Just out there spreading around. You better explain yourself fast. Well, you know, like just spreading around like the AIDS virus, I hope you know. All right. If I may. All right. Infecting all the computers all over the world. Yes. Well, Nicole, thank you for that. Okay. All right. Bye. Bye. Yeah, we want to talk about the tour buses really fast here. Oh, Anthony, you have an opinion on the the Red Apple tour buses? Well, as I looked at the daily news, I saw a city moves to shut down double decker tourist line and they are because I was all over the city today. Yeah. Because I stayed in last night. So, you know, I was just just just walking around a lot. Yeah, I saw two different Red Apple buses getting harassed by cops today. It's a New York Apple tour sightseeing buses, those double decker buses that are just filled with rubes from the Midwest. But they're little camcorders driving around, screwing up traffic, spewing more exhaust than I've ever seen. A shuttle launch doesn't make as much smoke as these friggin buses. You ever stand on the corner waiting across the street, one of these things comes by. Oh, yeah. And a cloud of black smoke. They were just doing a study on the air in New York. Yeah. Well, there's one of the culprits right there. These tour buses. These things are horrible. And we work here. You know, it's not like we go to the Midwest and we're driving a bunch of New Yorkers in a bus through the trailer parks. Right there is Clem's house. You can see him banging his sister if you look in the window. It's New York. People work here. They're hopping off the bus in front of Tiffany. If you went to Tokyo, would you stop in front of Wing Ting department store to snap a picture? No, of course not. But how come people will stop in front of the dumbest things in New York City to get a picture in front of it? Yeah, they take pictures in front of Planet Hollywood. Planet Hollywood. You could go to any city and take a picture in front of a Planet Hollywood. Yeah. Well, I'll be the latest thing to happen to these Apple, New York City Apple tour sightseeing buses. And they've had this little story passed constantly being shut down for violations. They found out they had unsafe underground gas tanks at one of their garages. And the latest thing, poor 71 year old actor Randolph Walker mowed down as he was crossing the street by one of these big tour buses. How can you not see the tour bus coming out? They make a ton of noise. Well, believe me. The exhaust, you know, between the exhaust, the noise and just the size of the thing, I think you can step out of the way. I am totally against the pedestrians also. So don't get me wrong. I can't stand when I'm driving and the pedestrians. It said it starts flashing, don't walk. When I'm standing on the corner and I see that thing start flashing, don't walk. I go. But I pick up the pace. I am not going to be the guy standing in front of a cab when the light turns green. But when you see that thing and it's been flashing, don't walk for a little while. And here comes grandpa. Here he comes. I'm going to cross the street now. Here I come. I got my Walker and my groceries and my limp with my sneakers and my wraparound Terminator sunglasses. It's been flashing. Don't walk for a minute. But now I'm going to step off the curb. Here I go. Hey, what's this? New York. I mean, the old people, I understand you got to get places too. But you got to wait for the walk to just start. Then you go. Sure. Because I swear to God when they cross in front of me and I'm standing there and God forbid I'm first on line waiting, I don't care. I step on the gas and then beep and they give me a look like, what are you doing? You're in my way. I got a green light. It's New York City. So I'm not totally for this actor guy. 71. I'm sure he wasn't jogging across the street. But I guess he was in a blind spot of this bus and the bus mowed him down. You think the people on top like videotaping? Of course they did. And here we are right in front of the Radio City musical. World famous radio. What was that bump? I don't remember that bump here. Oh, look people under the wheels. Famous actor Randall Gawanter. Get your cameras ready people. Get your cameras ready. Hold on for the wildest ride this side of the Hudson. Once we get out of this cloud of smoke, you may be able to make our comedy home. Pop, what's going on? Oh, hey, what's up? How are you doing? I got a pet peeve with these people on these buses. They're working construction right in front of the World Trade Center. And they used to get off the buses right there. People from the Midwest, people from Europe, people from Japan. They'd get out with their cameras. Okay, we're trying to work there and we're working making sidewalks, making a street, whatever. And you got people out there taking pictures of the World Trade Center. So they're basically looking straight up into the sun with the cameras. But they have to squat down to be 18 inches off the ground to get an even longer view. Like it's going to do anything, right? They squat down to get that extra 2.6 feet really helps create that shot. That's funny you even know that. I'm 6'3", I want to stand these people up on their neck and go, You stupid moron! You're not doing yourself any good. Plus, it's a one-shot cameras. I mean, only the Japanese guys got the $600 camera. But it's driving me nuts. God, that is so funny. Like it's going to squeeze in the top if they crash down. Exactly. The tourists in this city just drive you nuts. They stick out like a sore thumb. What about the tourists that are taking pictures in the subways? Why do you need that picture? The picture in the subway. That's great. Well, it's like you stand near the track. Like if I went to any city in the world, the pictures I would take wouldn't be in front of department stores and tall buildings. Big buildings. Oh, look at that. How many times have you tried to walk past Tiffany on the sidewalk and you're just stopped by a gaggle of people taking pictures and they're pissed when you walk in front of them? Now I just walk in front, grab my junk, flip in the bird, like F you! I am truly like the ugly American. I'm just a pissed off individual. Yeah, just flip the bird. You've got to wait right when they go, Okay, smile, jump in front, F you, mother! So they get that picture when they get home and develop, Oh, this is the son of a bitch who jumped in front of our camera. You know what has happened to our fine city? Between 52nd and 38th. Yeah, that has become the forbidden zone. It is. That is the forbidden zone. Remember the forbidden zone from Planet A to the Apes? It was Manhattan. Right, the Taurus have taken over Times Square. That is the forbidden zone if you live in this damn city. It really is. Because it is just a nightmare down there. I don't get it. In the good old days before Giuliani made a Walt Disney World Manhattan, people were afraid to come to this city. It was nice. If you had the balls to come into this city, maybe be mugged, murdered, victim of a sex crime, you could have a good time. But Giuliani made it so safe that now it's just a tourist attraction. With these dappled tour buses, all one level of true morons isn't enough. We've got to stack them up on this bus so they can really get up there. So they can see where John Lennon got shot. This is strawberry fields, people. Get your cameras ready. Get those cameras ready. Why are all the flowers dying? Perhaps it is the pollution. I must do something about it. I'm out of pollution. I can't breathe. Look, here is a real hate crime in progress. Maybe if you snap the picture back up and see that Asian man's head bleeding, the black man hates him. Greg, what's going on? Hey, what's happening, guys? These tour buses are great. Come on. I mean, they're a nuisance to this city and everything like that, but they are the only place in New York City that you can have outdoor sex on the top level of a bus while driving around the city, and no one even knows. Who does that? Oh, trust me, I've done it twice. It started out smoking weed up there and stuff. It's smoking weed. Yup, no doubt. Well, you got to be alone up there? No. Yeah, but they run like all hours of the day. When the nice weather comes around, though, the whole upper level is just full of oklah-effing-homa. I swear to God, it is just... You just want to... I don't know, can I just tell people, please, show them your junk? You know, we got Whip-Em-Out Wednesday for the good people that have wows on to see boobage, and we've never had anything where we want guys to show their stuff because frankly, we're not that interested. But I swear to God, if you see one of these damn buses, just pull your junk out. Just bang it like a monkey in the monkey cage. It happened on... Throw feces at them. I'm not the only person that has done this, man. It has happened, and it's really doable. Because you know something? Thank you, Chris. You're treating us people that work here and commute into this city like zoo animals. What are we, an attraction? You ever see that when you're walking down the road and they're looking at you like, oh, it's a real live New Yorker. Okay, I'll start jerking my stuff and throw my feces at your face like the monkey at the monkey cage. That's it. And look at this New Yorker. Where's the tick? I'll just start banging it right in front of you. And look at this New Yorker. It seems like he's late for work. He's up on the sidewalk today. Anthony. Hey, we got a former tour guide on the line. Mike, what's going on? Hey, how you doing, guys? What's up, man? I'm a tour guide on the Intrepid down on the west side. These tours come up with the stupidest effing questions known to man. That's got to be the only thing in Manhattan that I really do want to go see. If you come in, I'll give you a personal VIP tour. Can you do that? I'll hook you up big time. Just ask for Mike, and I'll hook you up real big. No problem. We'll put you on hold because I definitely want to check that out. I like that Blackbird you got up there now. Heck yeah. That's one of the first questions that they ask is where's the Blackbird? But anyway. How the hell did you? It's one Black plane. I'm like a goddamn tanker. One tourist also asked, is Pearl Harbor in New York? I just looked at him like, what? Pearl Harbor in New York? That's great. Can you take one of these planes? Do they fly off the deck of this plane? Oh yeah, actually they asked that too. I bet. Do these planes work? Does this ship go out anymore? Yeah, we're going after the Japs. Yeah, exactly. Well, one guy was convinced that Joseph Stalin was French. And another time that they were convinced that the intrepid was you during the Gulf War. Yeah, they pulled it right out of the river. Exactly. Exactly, you got it. That's right. They wouldn't be leaving along with the Nibbets and Enterprise. Oh god, these people. Oh man. Hey dude, wait on hold. I'll get some info from you and stuff. I definitely want to check that out. Okay, great guys. Hold on Mike, okay? Syndication when the Red Sox win the World Series. Yeah, there you go. Never ever. Alright, hold on Mike. Rich from the city, sitting on St. Pat's steps the other day looking at TNA, Big Apple, tour bus, double decker stopped at the light. The engine starts racing and it created a cloud of smoke. The Scooby Van would have been jealous of that. Mystery machine. Very good. They are the biggest polluting things. And then I don't know what happened. The other day I'm walking past one and they had the back hatch up exposing the engine. It looked like something out of an old World War II submarine movie, the engine first of all. And the driver is there hitting something with a hammer. Like he... What? And he starts it up. Alright, we got a lot of great calls on hold so you guys stay right there. Okay, a lot of people have some comments about tourism and the double decker buses and other things. So we'll get to you. Also let's not forget we're doing another Wow! sticker stop today. Anthony, giving out those Whip'em Out Wednesday stickers that everybody seems to want at this point. Yeah. It is Whip'em Out Wednesday and people are getting flash like crazy. I mean we could go to the phone for the next four hours. It's best if you're participating and it happens to you instead of hearing descriptions of it. So if you're on Long Island close to East Meadow we're going to be there in about an hour, a little less, around 4.30 at the Beverage Barn. That's 2080 Front Street, East Meadow, Long Island, handing out the brand new Wow! stickers, Anthony. And we've got to thank RC Edge Cola for helping us out with this Wow! sticker stop, okay? Okay. New Yorkers need some extra power. RC Edge Maximum Power Cola, not just cola, Anthony, Power Cola. Wow! sticker stop, Beverage Barn, 2080 Front Street, East Meadow, Long Island, we'll be there by 4.30. The feedback we're getting on Dice is unbelievable. Yeah, another great phone call from him yesterday, him and Shane McMahon going at it on the phone. Probably one of the most ridiculous, surreal things I've ever heard in my life when they had the battle of the touch-tone phones. What the F was that even all about? Beep, oh yeah, boop. It made for some great radio yesterday, very funny. Let's go to Tim real fast. Tim, what's going on today? Oh, hey, how you doing? Hey, it's Whip-a-Mow Wednesday. We're in a great mood. Yeah, well listen, I work on Easton 34th, right? Right across the street from Madison Square Garden. I'm not that far from Times Square. Let me tell you, there's more freaking tourists now than hookers in Times Square. That's not necessarily a good thing. These damn tourists, they walk around with their Spanning Tracks on, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah. You can pick them up from a mile away. I know the city's safer now than everything, but they could still get mugged. It's ridiculous. They're always fat. I always get stuck in these fat tourists walking down the street asking for directions. If you want to, you can just mug them. You know what it's like? It's like the plains of the Serengeti over there in Africa. Like, every so often, there's not enough predators, so the herds build up and get in each other's way and they fight and have disease and there's not enough grazing room and you can't walk. I think we need to release a few more predators out there to rip the throats out of some of the tourists, you know, symbolically, of course, like the zebra. Ant, I've talked about this with you before, man. I miss the old Times Square. Bring back the positive. I believe neon flashing porno lights everywhere. Exactly. Syndication with Times Square gets muddy again. Yeah. Take care, guys. All right, buddy. Maybe with Giuliani, now the new sensitive, tender Giuliani. Maybe he'll be into more ideas about reopening some of the strip clubs. I think today's the first day in a week that we don't have a picture of the mayor kissing a cute little puppy in the paper. Oh, you didn't see the... No, there's not another picture today. Dude, it's the most pathetic, sad thing you ever want to see. Here's a picture of the mayor looking like the lonely guy at the annual theater week reception at Gracie Mansion. Look at him. Look at him. He's a broken man. Oh, my God. He's sitting in the chair under the Lion King little logo with his head in his hands, looking at the floor with no one sitting next to him or anything. He just looks like a broken man. Oh, my prostate. I think he looks that way because he just had his first court appearance over the separation. Ah, that'll do it. That'll do it. That looks familiar. Opie saw that look only it was somebody else and he was sitting in front of a microphone right in front of him. Al, what's going on? How are you doing? I have a larger man, six-day-of-your-parks-loop. And I sit out in front with my customers and a double-decker bus has come by and you hear the guy announcing, Oh, there's Vinnie and Anthony in front of their social club. They all jump up and start taking pictures. Taking pictures of just people, right? Just sitting out in front. That's great. I thought we were supposed to be like the Goombas from Brooklyn. Ah, that's it. Well, you probably are, right? No, I'm just out there. Yeah, the bus is going to Brooklyn, too. Yeah. I see them over there and I mean, what are you going to look at? What the hell is in Brooklyn that tourists want to see? Yeah, like I said, I was reading the paper. Here they say, Oh, there's Vinnie and Anthony. I look up and they got all these cameras up. Take a look at my picture and when they get home, the development team says, Laundromat on the top instead of social club. Yeah. Well, where the hell do I get this? That's for you. Grab your junk, people. When you see that tour bus, go grab your junk and start whacking. I'm waving it next time. We are monkeys in a cage to these people. I'm waving it next time. Thank you, Al. You guys do a great job. All right. They look at you when you're walking down the street. Monkeys. Well, Anthony, you ready for tomorrow? Oh, please. Totally. You guys, we're going to have perfect weather for our summer kickoff party. Yeah, let's knock wood when we say that just in case. No, we are. Yeah. I never watch the weather. I've been watching every weather geek in the last three days just praying for good weather. I'm getting second opinions on the forecast on different stations and websites and everything. I'm tracking with my own Doppler 4000 radar. I'll be making sure that our appearance is going to be good weather. Oh, it's going to be great. Yeah. And I hope you guys are going to join us. Of course, broadcasting live from the South Beach Dance Club in Island Park, 50 Broadway, Island Park. Doors open at two. So you've got to get there a little early tomorrow, gang. It's going to be perfect weather. Twenty, twenty-one and over for this one. No cover charge whatsoever. And we're going to try to keep the beer prices at a reasonable rate there. Yeah. And if anybody has a problem finding the place, directions are on the NAW website, I believe. Yeah. Good. And Foundry's got them on there. Foundrymusic.com has them. Yeah. Otto and George will be there. Jeff Norris will be there. I've read a few emails of people like, where the hell is this place? It's south shore of Long Island. Yeah. And south, kind of a western Long Island. Yeah. Right down there. 50 Broadway, Island Park. Look it up. It's the South Beach Dance Club. And we're going to have a bunch of the people that sent in offensive songs, doing their most offensive songs live at the show. We got the Spaz Dunking Tank. We got the Wow Wet T-Shirt Contest. You got to email Rick if you're interested in the Wow Wet T-Shirt Contest. It'll get you in for free if you get up on stage and show everyone what you got under that T-shirt there. Isn't it free? Well, I mean, yeah. No, it is free. It'll get you in. Yeah, I should say it'll get you in. Guaranteed get in. Yeah, but you got to make sure you're on stage and you get to pour water on you and you show your fun bags and stuff. You talk to the pilot there, Rick? Yeah. What did he say? I'm very psyched. We are a go. We're a go. Get the hell out of here. 5.30 tomorrow at our gig. Tomorrow we are going to have an air show. I swear this is unbelievable. We'll have to be looking in the sky towards the beach, which is south. Of course. And we should see something pretty cool. He's going to do some aerobatics for us in his plane that he wrote, the big wow. Remember that a couple weeks back? We had a sky rider write wow over Manhattan. Really huge. The same pilot is going to do an air show for our listeners out there. You're going to see some pretty cool moves from this guy. There's just so much going on. Steven Lynch, he's going to perform. Got my brother coming down to do a couple of his inappropriate songs. We got Q. We got Fuel doing their inappropriate songs. Live. You'll hear Baby Raper live. Camp Concentration. Camp Concentration live. I'm horny for little girls. Live. Of course my brother doing Oh Mine Fuhrer. Live. Live. Unbelievable. So I hope a lot of you guys get there tomorrow. It's going to be a lot of fun. Yeah. A lot of fun. Once again, broadcast live starting at 3. Doors open at 2 for you guys though. I'm going to go out on the limit and say this could probably be the best road show we've had yet. I don't know. That one in Mulcaze was huge. It was huge. I know. But I mean this is shaping up to really be the best one we've ever done. Yeah, because the weather is definitely helping us out here. Yep. South Beach Dance Club in Island Park. 50 Broadway Island Park. Doors open at 2. 21 and over. No cover charge whatsoever. Okay. Anthony, you were talking about the old man crossing the street. Yeah, poor guy. I broke one out from the ONA archives here. Hit by the Big Apple tour bus. Yeah. Well, check this one out. All-famous association in Houston. Hello. I have this number in my wallet. I don't know where I am. You don't know where you are? I have this number in my wallet. You're lost? I don't know. I'm at a phone booth. Give me the phone number. It's not on here. It's... There's no phone number on the phone? Let me look. What phone? You're calling for the police. I'm calling for the police. I'm calling for the police. I'm calling for the police. I'm calling for the police. I'm calling for the police. I'm calling for the police. What phone? You're calling from a phone. Is there a phone number there? Yes, there is. Could I have the phone number? I believe it's the H. Hold on the phone. Can you hold on? Don't hang up. Hello? Yes, can you hear me? Who's this? This is a cell. Can you hear me? Hello? Don't hang the phone up. Hang up? No. Do not hang up. Hold on, please. Don't hang up. I'm going to put you on the phone with someone else. Hold on. Hang up what? No. It's cold. You're cold? I'm colder. Yes. I know. Cold like Brazil. I believe I need a changing. Stay on the phone. I'm wet. You're all wet? Yeah, I'm wet. Okay. Will you just stay on the phone? I need a changing and my nurse isn't here. I'm going to walk across the street now. Who's this now? My name is Judy. What's yours? I call my name's Bill. Hi, Bill. How are you? I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. Hi, Bill. Hi. Hi, Sam. It sounds a little lost. I'm going to walk across the street now. You know what? I'd rather you didn't walk across the street because if you walk across the street, I can't talk to you. Hey, Bill. Hey. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Are you still there? Who is this, please? This is Judy. Is this Bill? Where's Sam? Sam just went out to get some coffee. I hate coffee. Sam knows I hate coffee. Well, maybe he went out to get some coffee. He said he was going out to get a drink. There's cars now, a lot of cars. I'm going to walk across the street now. You know what? If there are a lot of cars, you shouldn't be crossing the street. All right, here I go. I know. I can't talk to you with your husband. I think my home is across the street. Here I go. Are you talking on the phone, Bill? Hello. Hello. Oh, shit. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Oh, we should have called the police while we had them. Wasn't feeling good. He's still here. Call the police. He's not. He did not hang up. He put the phone down. He dropped it in the phone. He did not hang up. Oh, my God. Somebody call an ambulance. I told you. This is horrible. My God, he looks horrible. Jesus. Who is this? Who am I speaking to, please? Somebody call an ambulance. The man got hit. Mike, we're calling an ambulance. Can you give me the address? He's a mess. I'm going to call the police. I'm going to call the police. I'm going to call the police. I'm going to call the police. I'm going to call the police. He's a mess. He's got hands. Someone call an ambulance. Don't touch him. Leave him down there. Hello. Can you give me, tell me where you are? It's too late. It's too late. This man, spirit all over the road. Can you tell me where you are? It's too late. I'm going to have to get a shovel. All right. We'll get a shovel. Where are you? It's too late. It isn't too late. It's too late. What do you mean it's not too late? It's over. It's over. It's over. It's over. It's over. It's over. It's over. It's over. It's over. It's over there in the Zanzibar. Can't help you if you won't tell us where you are. You can't help but have to bring a shovel. Can you tell me where you are right now? Disneyland. In Disneyland? Can you tell me where in Disneyland? Pirates of the Caribbean. And the Pirates of the Caribbean. Yo ho yo ho a pirate. Pirates like for me. I'm okay now. You're okay? You got all pulled yourself together again? A car hit me and I feel fine now. Oh, I'm so glad you feel fine. Why would you have me really worried? That's all Bill needed was a little bumper. Can you tell me where you are, Bill? Jupiter. Now on Jupiter? Planet Jupiter. Is there a street number or a name on Planet Jupiter? 23 Jupiter. 23 Jupiter. 23. Okay, do you live there? Send a cab. Send a cab? I would happily send a cab if you tell me where to send it. You're telling me to make a right at Venus. Right at Venus? And it's Jupiter, 28 Jupiter. 28? That's what I said. Okay. And what are you doing there now? Masturbating. Oh, I see. Boobs. The world's universal language. Opie and Anthony, your linguistic experts. Whip em out Wednesday. N-E-W. Ah, it's Whip em out Wednesday with Opie and Anthony. Hey, you're leaving the office soon. Make sure you get wow in your car. You just might see some boobage today. You don't need the new wow sticker. You can just put a homemade one on your car. That'll work just fine for the ladies out there, right Anthony? Yes. Beautiful day. And really fast. We're doing a wow sticker stop today at Beverage Barn. 2080 Front Street in East Meadow, Long Island. We should be there within 20 minutes. So if you're in the area, stop by to get your wow sticker. Should be a nice little impromptu party going on at Beverage Barn. Yeah. East Meadow today, okay? Oh yeah. You never know who's going to call in the radio show, Anthony? Yes. Our buddy, our pal Adam Ferraro. Adam, hey pal. Hey guys, how are you? Very well. I called to wish you all a happy birthday. Oh, a day late. A day late, Adam. I know. I found out late last night. No, it's okay. Happy birthday, my friend. Thank you, sir. I heard what you got for your birthday. The carrot swallowing woman? No, she wasn't swallowing that carrot. Really? Adam, we got a brand new game we like playing. We found a guy, Stockbroker Davies. Actually, he's been a friend of ours for a while now since we got here. He comes in with a wad of bills and now we play a game called win Stockbroker Davies money. Uh-huh. It's just giving money to girls to do things they normally would never do. And yesterday he found the world's largest carrot. Right. And we marked off two inches. Two inch increments. Increments. Up to five increments for a total of ten inches, if you do the math. Right. And she got $100 for every increment that she was able to make disappear. I got a robe for my birthday. Yeah. She got the entire $500. And we're not talking Fast Times at Ridgemont High make the carrot disappear. No, no. We're talking. She was able to, well, she could have recited the Pledge of Allegiance as she did this. Wow. That's good for her eyesight. Sure. Yeah, that's good for her eyesight. That last push, did you see that? Because she had a friend helping her. A nice girlfriend helping her out. A tag team. And she, in order to get that last notch, she pushed where, I don't know, I saw her head starting to cone. It was unbelievable. Well, why don't I get the vision of those two little gophers under the ground. Strawberry? Carrot. Oh, I love carrot. Carrots? Yeah. And then, uh, we had some fun with some asparagus. Now, where'd the asparagus go? Well, put it this way, in the area that the asparagus went, she was a virgin. Got it. All right. There you go. I just drew a picture. A virgin. And, uh, he's not a Greek girl. Absolutely. There you go. If you're eating a vegetable, then that's what's important. Yeah. Yeah, that was a lot of fun yesterday to check out. So, that was pretty interesting when that, we have video of that? When the guy that placed the asparagus. He was using prison lube. Yeah, he used prison lube. And then, when he pulled it out, she, like, went, whoa! Like, she did something that I got to see again on the video. I don't know, it was just some kind of a, whoa! On the one hand, it got caught on the way out, you know. Wait a minute. Oh, yeah. Maybe that's it. Did it go, like, flower part first, the asparagus? Yeah. No, no, it was the end first. So, on the way out, it was, like, going against the grain. Yeah. Oh, wait, which end? The flowery top, plankone end, or? No, it was the stem end first. The stem first. Which goes fine going on the way in. Right. But as you're coming out, it's got those little branch things that have been cut off. Mm-hmm. And they might snag. But when it was all the way in there with the little top stick, and it must look like a tiny grenade. Yeah, for sure. Actually, she left it in for a few seconds, and it looked like she had a little green tail. Oh, brother, it's a gremlin. Jesus, faggot, don't go off unless you hit them. Yes, right. Yes. What am I doing? Why, you little... It was amazing. Oh, that's funny. Yeah. What does this young lady mean? Who cares? Who cares? No, she's one of the lovely ladies from Privilege. I mean, you didn't think we got her at the library, did you? I was going to say, what was her name? Sister Mary Catherine. She walked away with $600. $500 for the huge carrot and a bargain on the asparagus. Only $100. And her name is Madison. Wow. There you go. Yeah. So that was fun. That was nice. $600 for the Stock Roken Day show at $600 to see the vegetable show. Yeah. He's on the floor of the stock exchange doing his business. God bless. Making a couple of bucks, and he wants to see things, so he comes here. Well, Adam, we told you about the Wiffle Ball bad, right? Yeah, I saw the Wiffle Ball bad. Well, that was the same game with Stock Roker Dave. Oh, OK. You know what we did? We saved the carrot and the asparagus, put them in Ziploc evidence bags, and they're going to be sold on our auction when we finally do the Opium Anthony demented auction. That's funny. You know, God forbid that woman ever gets arrested and they need some DNA testing. We got it. You can hand that stuff right in that house. Sure. We have it all right. When do you start filming? Congratulations on the series being picked up. Look at that. Thank you, Chan. You're a mid-season replacement. Yeah, mid-season replacement. I don't know. They called me up on ABC, which is good. They can't put you against Millionaire. No. It's the same network. It's the Quiz Show. It's like the Dumont network with the Quiz Show. Yeah, it's just Quiz Show. You have 21. They said mid-season. Mid-season. So I don't know that when we go into production. When do you start filming? I think October. I'm not sure. I hope you know. Now, come on. Your pal going to be able to come down and watch some of the filming? Sure. Will he hang out in the trailer? Are you kidding? I get a trailer and everything. Look at that. Come on. A girl with a bag of vegetables. Hey, Dennis, watch this. We get to say hi to Dennis Leary? I will say hi. Yeah, I don't know where he is. Not here when we come down. Of course you can. Yes, and hang out. And Lenny Clark. He's going to be fun. And it's free eat. They got like craft service and everything. I want to walk on. Let him know. OK. I want to be in the background walking down the street. OK. I want you to be a perp so I can throw you around and interrogate you. Yeah, I want to be a perp. OK. You two like to do something like you'll roll some drunk and I'll have to get some stuff out of you. You go, listen blondie, you're going to tell us what we need to know or your boy gets it. Do what he says. Do what he says. As long as you don't use the carrot for the interrogation, we'll be OK. Can I ask you something? Opi is it? You've been eating your vegetables? Yeah. So why would they give you a gun and everything? Because you're a cop. Sure. They gave me a gun and everything. Yeah. It was cool because we were shooting Jersey City. So I'm glad I had one. But you walk around the police uniform and stuff? No, I'm a detective. Oh, a detective. I tell you, you walk around with a gun. I had a gun strapped in my hip. You walk around the streets with a gun. The first thing you do is De Niro. You talking to me? Yeah. You talking to me? I swear. And then I started doing. Woo, woo, woo! Woo, woo, woo! Yeah. I'm alone in my trailer in front of the mirror, thinking I can outdraw myself. Yeah, wait until you lose it and it flies into the mirror and breaks. And don't pull any of that. What was his name? John Eric Hexham? Was that his name? Who was that? Remember that guy who was filming that series with the blanks? And he put the gun to his head and pulled the trigger? That guy? The wadding from the blank went right into his skull. A piece of his skull chipped off and went into his brain and he died. He killed himself with a blank gun. Isn't that how Brandon Lee died? Yes. Another one. But a real bullet ended up in a gun that wasn't supposed to have real bullets in it. Oh, I thought it was a knife. And I know you. You're not that mechanically inclined to be looking down the barrel. I could see you looking down the barrel. What is this? You know what? I wish you weren't right. Hey, where are you calling from, Adam? Back in LA. Oh, you're back in LA? Back in the movie pad? I was pretty mechanical. I sent you an email last night. I attached the file and everything. You know something he did? He sent me an email last night. I opened it up. It's got a file from Blazing Saddles on there. I clicked it. It played. I was stupefied. See that? I was amazed that Adam Ferrara was able to send me a sound file over the internet. Thank you very much. My girlfriend was up all night showing me. Yeah, I bet. Because it actually made me reply. You check your email. I sent you one. I sent you one back. Oh, good. I told you, by the way, you're a dick. Yeah. Yeah, I had it then. I say, yeah. All right, Pallie. All right, Chavo. Better come in next week. You're going to be in town. You're doing a remote. What are you doing? Oh, beautiful. We'll be here. We'll be here. OK. I got to come holler at you. We're here every day, Adam. You want to play win Adam Ferrara's money? Next week. I got $14 in a bag of ice. All right, Adam. All right, Pallie. Happy birthday, hope. Keep us updated on the show. Thank you, Adam. All right. Take care. There he goes. Adam Ferrara, everyone. That's my pal. He's going to be in a huge series on ABC. Well, it's about time. The guy's very, very talented. I know, with Dennis Leary playing a cop. Look at that. Lenny Clark. Lenny Clark. He's a funny guy. It's going to be a pisser. Will it turn on the tube and see him, Adam? That'll be strange. Without him saying, Hospitaliana. I hate to talk about that. Joey, we got to take a break. But what do you have real fast? Joey? We lose Joey? Yellow. All right. Yellow. There's wowing going on all over the city, Anthony. Yes. Joey got wowed by some girls in a convertible. And he wanted to share with everyone. Where'd he go? That's all right. We lost him. All right, we got to take a break, Ant. Don't forget, wow sticker stop today. Beverage Barn, 2080 Front Street, East Meadow, Long Island. We'll be there in about 10 minutes. Want to thank the fine folks at RC Edge Cola for helping us out with this wow sticker stop. Should be a lot of fun over there in East Meadow, Long Island today. New Yorkers need some extra power. RC Edge, maximum power Cola. Not just Cola, power Cola. Whip them out, Wednesday. What is that, like some kind of guy thing? Like some kind of sexist guy thing? Yeah! You will not get away with this. I wish you could just shut your big mouth. It's Whip them out, Wednesday. Ooh-da-da. We'll be in Antony. N-E-W. And what do you got real fast? I'm on a parkway driving south. I just got wowed by a couple of blondes. Ha ha ha ha. Oh yeah? One back city. Yeah, you got your wow sticker or wow sticker? Yeah, I got it from Rascals. Went out with Georgia down there. Oh, right on. Let me tell you what. You call Big Kevin Big Kevin for a reason, man. Yeah, he's huge. He's a monster. He'll be at the road show tomorrow. Okay. Thank you, Jim. Thank you. Yeah, I mean we could go to the phones for the next, I don't know, two and a half hours, Anthony. The wow is really picking up steam this week. Mm. Paisano of Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. Oh, I'm sorry. What? I was just somebody sent me the internet movie database. Adam Pyrrha is actually listed. Look at that. All of his notable appearances like the love vote, the next wave. You know, I haven't seen that. And I know he's got a copy, but he will not let me see his appearance on the love vote, the next wave. Playing Stan in the episode Prom Queen. Ha ha ha ha. Great. I'm kind of like Adam. Paisano of Mulberry Street in Little Italy. It's great. The romance of Italy, warm, friendly, relaxed restaurant. Great place to take a date with the family. I'll tell you, tonight would be a great night to go down to Paisano. I'm sure, yes. Nice weather. What, have they got the tables out there yet? Or do they do that after this weekend? You know, someone's got to let us know because that's a nice little thing down there when you can eat out on the sidewalk. Would you like to sit outside? Yeah, sure. And then you sit outside. It's great. You see all the people. Sometimes you see a street performer go by. Sometimes just a drunk. But it's very entertaining to watch the hijinks on Mulberry Street. Yeah, people watching is great. I got to say something to Joey. Joey? What? I'm sorry. I was supposed to go to Paisano last night for my birthday. Uh-uh. See, it's a great place to take someone on their birthday. See? That's true. But instead I was in a hotel room. Oh. Oh, no, no. Really? Oh, no, no, no, no. No? No. I was, uh, oh, we're talking about food, so maybe I shouldn't say what I was doing. Room service? No, I was, you want me to say, to wreck the Paisano spot. You were having sex? No, I was puking, man. Oh. Well, that's okay because you didn't eat there. No, I've had a tough few days here with this flu or whatever the hell I have. But I was supposed to be at Paisano last night. It's the point of this little story. Well, that's good. But then you wouldn't have gotten sick. No. No, I don't know. Well, go down to, uh, Oh, Jesus. No, I do not eat that bad. Yeah, go down there, uh, ask for Joey, the owner, our pal, and get a glass of wine in the house. It's great. And don't forget about their incredible pasta lunch specials. Huge portions. You'll love it. We go down there a lot and, uh, we have a great time. We love it. Love the atmosphere. Paisano of Mulberry Street. They're open seven days, weekends till 2, 2. 2? And, uh, of course, Friday and Saturday. Give them a call. 965-1188-965-1188. Make your reservations at Paisano of Mulberry Street. This is WNEW and this is Otto and George. And you're listening to opening Anthony and that's too much information for one thing. Otto and George will be at the road show tomorrow. Yeah. South Beach Dance Club in Island Park. 50 Broadway Island Park. Doors open at 2. Get there early. No cover charge. 21 and older. It's going to be a great, great time. I think it's bordering on becoming a spectacle. Yes. A spectacle. The weather's going to be absolutely great for this damn thing. Going to have an F in air show. I know. Well, one radio appearance that you've ever heard of will bring you a, a, a, a malunatic in an aircraft doing aerobatics high above the appearance. It's going to be great. On the ground, we will have boobs. Lots and lots of chicks. Boobs and musical comedy debauchery. Yeah. And a high above aircraft doing aerobatics. Great. It'll be a good time. David from the city. I just picked up my wow sticker at the Ranch 1 on Broadway in downtown Manhattan. I walked out of the store holding the sticker in my hands. Just looking at it. Two young girls see the sticker in my hands. Yell out wow and they both flashed me. You guys, wow, you guys are gods. That's a record wowing, isn't it? See you tomorrow at the beach show. Cool. That's going to be a lot of fun. Yeah. Yeah. From the city. I was at Paisano Paisano yesterday. The tables are out front. Very good. Dan from Jersey. Why was opi puking? Did he eat the wrong carrot? Let's go to Matt. Matt, what's going on? Hey, what's up? Listen, I hope I love you, man. But the last time you were sick, you stayed out from work. Yeah. And I want to know whether Anthony would work with Rick or Rick would work with Anthony this time. Both. It's mutual. Oh. We shunned work together again. Now, now we shunned. I was just kidding. I hope you feel better with you. I had to try to know. Matt, I'm not going to lie. Yesterday, I felt like crap. Today, I'm about, I don't know, 75% healthy. But honestly, I got to be on my deathbed to take a day off. Yeah. Because I mean, Rick and Anthony, you know. They were scary last time. Well, we don't work well together. Pretty much it. We do not work well together. I mean, we need a buffer. Rick does a great job producing the radio show, you know. Yeah. Yeah, he does. And I have a fine chemistry and, you know. And I don't know. Yeah. No, I met you guys at the privilege, man. I'm the Jets fan that was there. All right on. Yes. You know. And when are you going to go to Roachville, Jersey, man? We promised the next show was going to be in Jersey. We tried. Matt, I'll tell you exactly what happened. What's up? You can thank the trade winds. We wanted to go back to the trade winds. They treated us great last year. We made them an S-load of money. We had, I don't know, 1,400 people there. And we broadcasted live. And it was a huge success. We figured it was a no-brainer. We called them up and they got a little scared on us. Yeah. Backed out. Not going to lie to you. It's not a good thing. We made a ton of calls and we tried to work it out with them. They said no. And then we had a scramble and we're very happy that we're bringing it to Long Island now. Hey, I'm very happy. We'll be doing something. We'll be doing something on the Jersey Shore this summer. Well, I'm going to come see you guys anyway. Yeah, you don't got to come to Jersey, but you guys are great. Yeah, we'll figure out something for Jersey. All right. All right. All right. All right. Thanks, Matt. Later. Bye. There's another really good, oh yeah, this one right here. Mike from 49th Street, Anthony. Speaking of stockbroker Dave, I could help notice that you guys have stopped talking about your investments. That's one of my favorite parts of the show, stock talk. That and the lesbians. What happened? Does Anthony still own Yippie? I never truly owned Yippie. There is nothing to talk about as far as the stock market goes. Well, what a rebound today for the NASDAQ. Yeah, but I need to rebound. All of your stocks were down. All of yours were down today. My stock, there is nothing to talk about. One of my stocks went up two and a half today, Anthony. Yeah. That's not good enough. I'd need this thing to go up 10 just to break even at this point. And that's only one out of the five I got. Let me check mine. I won't say which ones it is. Let's see. I think we're all just sitting there waiting. You know, all our money's, everyone's money's still in the market. We're just holding and waiting for something to happen. Let's see, the big river in South America dot com. Okay. That's pretty good. That's funny. And then, wait, wait. Uh, uh, uh, yeah. Okay. I didn't do too bad. No? No, I really can't do anything yet. At least it's not plummeting today. Anthony, I need you to check a stock for me. One of my stocks that I forgot about. Okay. You got to figure this out. I'll talk in code. Okay. Two blank and beyond. All right. Yes. How did that? Oh, that's down to one and three sixteenths. Lovely. Okay. To a thirty and seven sixteenths. My God, that thing was up to forty-one. Man. There's really nothing to talk about. No. I am going to say we're in a bull market. A bear market, I mean. Definitely. You get these little rallies. And then they just fall apart. It blows. Like Ope said, there's nothing to talk about. Really? What are we going to talk about? No one's raking in the huge cake they were raking in a couple months ago. A few months back? It's a lot harder these days. I know the market blows when Anthony comes into the back office before the show. And doesn't even go online. I played Half-Life. He plays his Half-Life. I played Half-Life. There's nothing I can do. That's what I'm like, okay. Because Anthony's constantly working it when the... I can't make the big moves. I can't find the stocks that are making the 10 or 15 point moves in either direction on any given day. They do five points maybe one way or the other. But I need something. You used to take a stock like eBay. That son of a bitch had moved 20 points in one day. I could care if it was going up or down. Just move. But now, I don't know. There's no conviction anymore. Joe, what do you have? Hey, God's Trader Joe. What's up? Oh, Joe. Although eBay did move 13 points today. That's pretty good. I should have played it. I should have played it. Oh, God. Let me tell you. It was like a morgue to 130. Today? Yeah, and then all of a sudden... Nothing. And then like the junkies came out, guys. The junkies. The people that can't stay out of it too long. Guys, I'm telling you. I'm like sitting there, all right. You know, I'll stay small. And then all of a sudden, it was like, you know, something started moving up. I'm telling you, the orders that were coming in, it was like they were on crack. Joe, I'm one of the junkies, but I have no more money left. So now I'm going to have to start robbing people, I think, to get more money for the stock market. Yeah, God. I can't touch anything that I have in the market. It's scary, really is. It's scary. Until like A-Body Real, any real analyst come out and say, found the buy. I mean, seriously, you should just sit back. Yeah, but you know what's funny? You say junkies, it's so true because the people that can't stay out of it, it doesn't matter. The market's diving. It's like, okay, it's time to get back in. Yeah. Here it is. I'm going to be in the dunking tank tomorrow. That should be fun. All right, Joe. Thank you. Maybe someday we'll play Trader Joe's Money, Win Trader Joe's Money. If Dave runs out of money, then you're in, Joe. All right, fellas. All right, thank you. I'll talk to you later. Bye. Bye-bye. Jeremy from Long Island. What's going on with the money, O.P.O.'s Anthony? Oh, well, I got that. Don't worry about that. I paid Anthony. Yeah. That's old news, right, Ant? Yes, it is. I'm paid in full. As of today. Well, yeah, I had to get my tax check back from the government. Yes. And now we're square, right? We are totally square. Cruise paid in full. Yes. That's great. The cruise. Remember that? Oh, Jamie, what's going on? What's happening, dude? Oh, look who came here, man. Who? Joey. Joey! Hold on, man. Where is he? Hey, there he is. Joey. Joey Paisan. No. Joey. How you been, man? Wait, what the hell is in those? I have to apologize. A couple of black boxes. I didn't know yesterday. Oh, that's all right. I was really sick yesterday. I'm much better today. Hey, Joe. Good to see you, man. I still need a break. Did you wrap food in there? This is something else. No. All right. What is it? It's a one-year gift. A one-year gift? It's a gift for your next friend. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. Oh, I see. You've been advertising for a year. That's right. Can we open it up? Well, talk into a mic. Get over there, Joey. Oh, come on, Joey. What do you give me? Look, is this just a box and you put some ZD in there for us? Sorry, I forgot to bring food, guys. Oh, my God. Come on. I was going to buy one of these. Are you insane? You are insane. Thank you, Joey. I believe this is called plugola. Wow. So where did these fall off the truck? I'll tell you that after. Please. I'll tell you that now. Wow. You don't understand how perfect these tickets are. Joey, you don't understand how perfect these are. I swear. I totally wanted one of these. I was going out this weekend to get a DVD player. I'll say it. A DVD player from Joey. DVD player. God damn. I have a DVD porn collection that I have not been able to see. It's just going to be a porno film fest at my house. You got a monkey in there. I'm lacking like a monkey in there than the monkey cage. Unbelievable. Joey, thank you. It's been a year, huh? Yeah. It seems like it's been longer than that that you started advertising with us. Look at Joey. He's very happy with his advertising on the Open Ed. Very nice. Do you have a hacksaw? I got to cut this in half and give it to somebody else. Thanks for the thought. I mean, that's okay. I'm going to tell you not to mention it because I don't know if you'll lose it. Oh my God. Well, obviously, Opie got the DVD player. That's only one box you ended up getting. Yeah, yeah. That's right. I got coal in my stocking. I will be sharing the DVD player. I guess I hope that means I still got to get a quarter of you. Give up the instruction. It's funny because it's true. That rocks, Joey. Thank you. Joey, thanks, man. God damn. That's cool. Look at you. I love that. How's business down there, Joey? Business is good. I was supposed to go there last night. I don't know if you heard in the car driving up here. Oh, yeah. I was going to go for my birthday. Hangar on free, you were going to go? Yeah. You got any hangers on? For once, I would have been down there with just myself and Sandy and nobody else. Just yourself and Sandy and not an entourage of 50 people. Wow. Now you've got the tables all out front and everything. Yeah, we were wondering about that. I wasn't sure if you were going to wait until this weekend. Great. You have the people watching on Mulberry. Absolutely. I love it. We were saying sometimes a little street musician will go by. You talk to the people. But sometimes just a drunk urinating on himself will go by. But you see it all. Absolutely. I just used up this moment. Nicole. Hey. What's up? Nothing. What's going on? Turn down your radio. You're live on the radio. Yeah, turn that down. A bunch of people call in with stock tips. We don't need them, man. Trust me. Stock tips are like A-holes. Everyone has one. They usually stink. They usually do. I'm sick of the, hey dude, I've got a stock tip for you. And then you just talk about stock tips and I'll have like 50 emails back in the back office with stock tips. Like my brother's big tip. about every single stock tip that you guys have given me and none of them work. None of them. My brother's big tip. ECNC. What is that down to? Let's see. Oh, jeez, the NAS is up 106. That's down 3 cents to, is now at 59 cents. 59 cents. 59 cents. This was a stock that at 10 bucks he's telling me, get in, get in. Yeah. I'm like, I don't think so, Joe. All right, Nicole, what's going on? Hey, how are you? Great. I just have to tell you, I love your show. Well, we don't have to do that. Thank you. Yes, Nicole. I want to play Guess What's in My Pants. Oh, maybe Joey would like to play. Pull up, Joe. Now, who are you driving with? I'm actually driving with my boyfriend. Oh, really? Yeah. That kind of takes away from the visual, but okay. All right, we can hear the back. Have you been wowing anyone out there today? Actually, I haven't seen a wow speaker yet. We have that waiting, but I haven't seen it yet. So if you see a wow speaker, you will whip out the fun bags. Absolutely. Yeah. All right, what kind of body do you have, Nicole? I'm slender. I'm like about 5'6". Yeah, 5'6". How much do you weigh? 120 pounds. 120, okay. What size are your boobies? I have little boobies. All right. But how I feel is anything more than a handful of weight. There you go. Very good. How big? I'd say an A. I'm an A, 34A. Little A-cuffed. Yeah. Little A-cuffed. I'm a big boy. Like an olive dial. I saw some A-boobs yesterday. Yeah. Wow. Stalker Patty flashed. I think that's why I was puking in my hotel room after the show. That now? It makes sense. I was really trying to figure out why I was puking after the show yesterday. You think if a girl is going to wow you for your birthday, she should at least have the common decency to pull a few hairs from around her necks. Well, yeah. I went back to the hotel room after the show. I wasn't puking because of the necks because a damn hotel doesn't carry the nick game. Right. That pissed me off. I think it might have been Patty's boobs that did it to me. Joey, I saw a stalker Patty's boobs. Stalker Patty flashed them yesterday. It was the sickest thing. She walked up and she went bam, flashed. I saw a couple little stubbly hairs around the nippage. You know what it was the sexual equivalent of? Really. Remember the old Geraldo Rivera specially did from Willowbrook? There were naked retarded people in their own feces. Come on, she's listening right now. You're looking at it and it's a nude body. It's a nude body. Of course you're going to react to that, but in the context it's like, hey, it's Willowbrook. You know? Geraldo at Willowbrook looking at nudity and feces. Matter of fact, I think I got some feedback from someone here. Yeah, here it is. I don't know if the guy didn't sign this. Opia had a wow experience you might be familiar with. This morning while making my breakfast I had a wow experience. I cracked open two eggs and it looked like stalker Patty wowed me. Geraldo live on location at Willowbrook. I'm looking at live retarded sex. Here in one of the most horribly maintained psycho centers. Willowbrook. Here's a girl pooping on herself and masturbating. As a retard comes in spanking one out. In front of me Geraldo. God, that was sick. Alright, so Nicole. As a horny kid you would just watch. I remember watching that special. I can't get past this for a second. I remember watching that and I know I'm just going to be crucified for this. It was during a time where you didn't see nudity on TV period. It just didn't happen. So as a kid when he was doing this special in the early 70s. Even though they were retarded people in adverse conditions at a horrible psychologist. Psycho center Willowbrook mental institution. You're looking as a kid going. Oh my God, it's a naked chick. It was still a turn on. Well, not so much a turn on. You were just amazed that it was a naked chick. A little bit of a turn on there, right? Look at Nicole. Oh gross. Look, they all have huge pool racks full of afro in their lap. Because there's no shaving here in Willowbrook. What horrible conditions when a girl can't even get shaved down. Alright, so Nicole you sound hot. What do you wear? I'm wearing a little pink t-shirt. Well can I tell you I was going to wear no brown for my little pink t-shirt. So it would be easier for me to wow on Wednesday. But it was a little too see-through. So a little bit of color. A little bit of darkness. That's okay. I don't know. Alright, so you're wearing a skirt, jeans. No, I'm wearing cargo khakis. Khakis? Well did you take your khakis off yet or what? No, not yet. Well let's take them off and play What's in Your Pants. Okay. Alright, get ready while I play the theme song. Virgins. Virgins. Virgins. Coming, coming. Wow, Scott's out. He's helping us out. Virgins. Alright, Nicole. You ready to play What's in My Pants? Yeah. Oh, you're very naughty. Yeah, indeed. The doctor said, wow, very naughty indeed. Yes, hopefully there's nothing down there like young William's buttocks. Wow. Alright, so you're driving right now? I am. I hope he doesn't pull up next to a tractor and get a little surprised. Alright, wait, so your boyfriend's driving? Yeah. Oh, your phone's crapping out. That's not cool. Nicole? Yeah? Okay. Well, do you still have your panties on? Yeah, no, they're down. Oh, so you're completely bottomless in the car right now. Very nice. What road are you on? That's just so funny. Actually, just pulled into a school. The old dirt road, op-ed. No, this is the reception, so I pulled into a school parking lot. There's school, a very good place to have no pants on. Yeah, that's great. What school would that be? It looks like it's a little kid's school. It's Willowbrook Psychiatric Center. And where is this little kid's school located? Naked kid retires. I'm in Ridgewood, I want to say. Ridgewood. Isn't that a coincidence? Ridgewood. She's in Rigidwood. Ridgewood little kid's school. That's right. There you go, with no pants. That's good. That's good. Wait until the delay kicks in. Okay, so Nicole, time to rub the phone you know where. Turn down the radio. Okay. All right, turn down the radio and start rubbing the area. Rub up and down. Up and down? Yeah. Okay. That's definitely right. Hello? Okay, now rub side to side. Okay. Okay. Okay, now in a circular motion, please. Circular motion. Oh wow. Okay. All right. It seems obvious, doesn't it, Opie? Yes, it does. It seems obvious. Hello? All right, now don't give the answer until all of us have given our answers and we ask you what is in your pants, okay? Okay. All right, Opie, I'll go first. I will say. Well, I think you should allow Joey to go first. Oh, Joey from Paisano. Joey DVD. Where's your... Hey, it's Joey DVD, huh? How you doing? How you doing? Where's your DVD? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. How you doing? How you doing? Where's your manners at? Joey, judging from what you've heard... I'm going to have to go Mohawk. Mohawk, interesting. Okay. Very interesting. I want to hear it again. If you want to, which one? The circular. Circular motion, please. Okay, hold on. Hello? Yeah. Okay. I didn't hear anything. We didn't hear anything that time. Okay, hold on. Did you get it? Oh, no. Now I'm going to have to change my... I'm going with my first instinct. Yeah. I am going with my first... I am saying triangle, weld room triangle. So that's what I was going to say, but... Okay. Can you rub it side to side one more time? Okay. Are we losing her? I hope not. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. I hope not. Hello? Yeah, Nicole, we're losing the rub again. Okay. Please. She's got no signal down there. She's getting interference from her cervix. All right, I'm going to... Nicole? Hello? I'm going to change to... Oh, man. Wood floor. All right, Nicole? Yeah. Our guesses are in. If you would tell us, please, what is in your pants? I'm actually groomed triangle. Yes. I knew it. Why did I change it? There was total coverage. Yeah. The same consistent sound during the circular motion. Well groomed triangle. You guys are good. You guys are sharp. Well groomed triangle. No, Anthony Sharp. He won. Let's hear it one last time. Hopefully the signal won't break up. Okay. Okay, hold on. Yeah, see? Very consistent. Very good. Hello? Well, Nicole, thanks for playing What's in My Pants. Thanks. It was great talking to you guys. All right. Guys, it was great. It was great talking to your steam. Have a great night, all right? I will. You too. All right. Bye. Bye. There she goes. Well, Anthony. Christian from Fairfield checking in saying, I knew it. That was an easy one. That's why I thought it was so obvious. I was going to change my answer also, but you had to go with the original first instinct. All right, Anthony. We're supposed to be doing a wow sticker stop at Beverage Bar in 2080 Front Street, East Meadow, Long Island. Yeah. Well, the van's not there yet, Anthony. Who's driving? Frank, what's going on? Hey, what's up? Frank from Armory, man. I just passed you any W van. All right. Oh, yeah? Yeah, Lakeville Road in the LIE. He's in traffic. He's like, back up big time. He's an actor. Oh, boy. So he's going to be there probably about a quarter after five. We never get to these things on time. I hear that. All right. Well, Frank, we're going to be there. I hear that. All right. Well, thank you, Frank, for helping us out. All right. Oh, God. That's good. Brian, what's going on? Hey, what's going on over there? Hey, man. We're down here at the sticker stop. Where's the van? He's stuck in traffic. It's a man out there, man. There's beautiful women everywhere, but not really. We don't see one set of front bags yet. Well, as soon as he arrives, you'll see plenty. Trust me. Hopefully. All right, Brian. Take it easy. Bye. Well, you still got time to get down there, Anthony. Beverage Bar in East Meadow, Long Island. I do. 28 Front Street. I'm talking to the person in the back. I was just going to leave. I had time to get down there. We want to thank RC Edge Maximum Power Cola. Not just Cola. Power Cola. Vinny also checking in from the sticker stop. Vinny! Yo. Hey. You guys, you got to get down here, man. All right. Well, the van is stuck in traffic. Be patient. He'll be there soon. Yeah, there's cops, there's firemen, everything going on here. Everyone waiting for their while. Well, someone give us a call when the van arrives. We'll be there in a minute. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. And when the van arrives, OK? Not like this happened to me tonight. I lived here all my life. People going nuts. Oh, cool, man. All right, boys. We promise we'll be there soon, Vinny. Hang tight. All right. All right, man. Well, Joey, thank you for you know what. No problem. Joey DVD. Remember, go down to Pizano, ask for Joey DVD. And say, Joey, where's my DVD? And you get a free DVD on the house. While supplies last. And you get a free DVD on the house. And you get a free DVD on the house. And you get a free DVD on the house. And you get a free DVD on the house. And you get a free DVD on the house. And you get a free DVD on the house. And you get a free DVD on the house. While supplies last. Or a glass of wine and it's totally up to Joey's discretion. There you go. It depends how many fell off the truck. Come on. The guy wouldn't give us goods like that. Come on. That's great. And you're funnying out with it. Get it down the hall. It's got stickers on it from reputable stores. And it's got a little bit of a You sure it's not bricks in here? Yeah, I was going to say, it's not one of those Times Square DVD players. We should save the boxes though and re-tape them. Go out on the street with some newspapers rolled up inside with some bricks. Yo man, DVD player, 25 bucks. You didn't get these DVD players from a Nigerian, did you? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Jesus. All right, we've got to take a break. Want to get some stuff out? Now all the girls want to play What's in My Pants? It's time to play. All right, now let's give out, yeah, this is very cool. You want to give out, how many do you want to give out? Giveaway three. Okay. We've got three copies of Kid Rocks, the history of rock, before you can buy it, Anthony. The CD goes on sale on Tuesday, but if you're the 10th, 11th, or 12th callers right now, at 212-757-1027, you'll get the latest disc from Kid Rocks. Opie and Anthony, 1027-WNEW. Anthony, Sobe Beverages. Yes, we love it. This is like our new thing that we're doing in the office. Yeah. Before the show, it was coffee, but now we just drink Sobe Beverages and get like a, man, what a boost to energy this stuff gives you. And now a Wednesday's Flavor 3C Elixirs. They're naturally healthy juice blends that have been enhanced by the addition of Sobe's exclusive 3C package, Opie. Calcium for improved skeletal strength, chromium picolinate. Does that help you get wood? To help build lean muscle mass, and of course crack. No, I'm kidding. Stop. Carnitin. Carnitin. I know. Amino acid. I think it's carnitin. Carnitin? Sure. Hey, whatever the hell it is. Look, it makes it taste good. That's all I know. Yeah, and it helps the body produce energy. It's great, and this stuff tastes really good. It doesn't taste like you're drinking something to give you a boost to energy or help your health or anything like that. It's just plain good to drink. As a matter of fact, I'm drinking the energy stuff, and halfway through the bottle, I'm like, why does it feel like I was back in high school doing black beauties? I'm itching my head. I'm like tingling all over. You're knowing the taste. And then I realize, yeah, it's got like all kinds of goodies in there. But it really tastes great. It quenches the thirst. We love it now. We got a crapload back in the office. And I'm drinking it right now. Yeah, I know. We love it. All the time. And play the Sobe Lizard Under the Cap game. There's all kinds of wacky sayings under the cap. Check out the Sobe website, www.sobebev.com for more info about Sobe and all of the other different flavors that they have. You can always refer to blah, blah, blah. Just look. Drink Sobe. You bastards. Go to the store. Wait, wait, wait. What were you trying to say there where you just said blah, blah, blah? I don't know if the client wants to hear blah, blah, blah when they're paying good money for their live reading. You know why I said blah, blah, blah? Because the salespeople add stuff in the copy that is blah, blah, blah. Like, you can always refer any questions or comments directly to the Lizard King on the Sobe Lizard line. Like, who's going to call? You drink a beverage. You enjoy it. It tastes good. You're not going to call up. Hey. Is this the Sobe Lizard line? Yeah, I'm drinking a beverage right now. Yeah, I'm drinking it. I'm watching my neighbor through the curtains. I have no light. You're not going to call a number. Okay, look, if you want to call the Sobe Lizard line, 1-800-588-0548. See, that's dangerous. Tell them Joey sent you. You get a... That's dangerous to give out a phone number to our listeners. Yeah. Doesn't sales understand that by now? If they don't want me saying that, they're going to call the Sobe Lizard line. They're going to call the Sobe Lizard line. They're going to call the Sobe Lizard line. They're going to call the Sobe Lizard line. So grab a Sobe and drain the Lizard out. Sobe beverages, the leader in healthy refreshment. Let me let you ladies in on something. Oral never get old. Opi and Anthony, their brains are in their pants. 1027, WNEW. It's Whip-A-Mow Wednesday on the Opi and Anthony show. I assume everyone knows what Whip-A-Mow Wednesday is at this point, Anthony. I see you enjoying that Sobe beverage over there. Yeah. I'm like loving it. Looking at the ingredients. Yeah. I'm rolling. They got a great sense of humor over there at Sobe. You don't worry about it. You think everyone knows what Whip-A-Mow Wednesday is by now? I would hope so. You put a wow on your car and ladies, if they feel like it, will flash their boobs at you. It's a very simple concept. You don't need a wow sticker. You just need some form of wow on your car. You can make a homemade little wow sign. That's cool too. Wow stickers are the easy way. If there are any ladies out there that are driving, they're a little nervous and they want us to talk them through a wowing, we can do that for you today. 212-757-1027. And we'll also take some wow signings, definitely. Yeah. We haven't talked to many people about that in the last hour, so we can do that, all right? Mm-hmm. And did you watch the Nick game last night? Opi, damn, I missed it. I just missed it. You only watch game seven when there's two minutes left. Yeah, I don't care. I know that they didn't fare too well in the first game. No, I'm glad the hotel did not have the Nick game on. I would have been really depressed. Is that a blowout? Yeah, that would be a blowout. 102-88? Yes. A blowout. Yeah, a score is not seven points in basketball, so yes, that would be a blowout. Was it the entire game or did they crash and burn at some point? They pretty much crashed and burned right from the start. Yeah, they were down a lot in the first and they came back a little bit and then, you know. I got my highlights on ESPN after the game. Who's to blame yesterday? I'm sure you'll know. I really don't know. I didn't get to see the whole game. I just saw highlights. Just looked like they were tired. I don't know. Who am I? Am I a mad dog? I don't know. Who's this big white guy? I came off the bench. Austin Powers, yeah. Austin Powers, yeah. Austin Crozier, he killed us. He had 22 points off the bench. Wow. That's not good when someone comes off the bench and scores 22 points against your team. Especially a white guy. What the hell is he doing? Yeah, white guys can still play Hoops. Really? Yeah. Now, I don't watch how much basketball, but when I tune it in, I don't see many white guys. We haven't had a white guy in the starting lineup for the New York Knicks in about, I don't know, 15, since Jerry Lucas, I think. Oh yeah, Kiki, very good. Kiki Vanuatu. Anyway, I know there's a stubborn team like the Celtics that insist on having a few white guys in there anymore. Anthony, you're wrong. Even the Celtics have given in and they are now starting black players. Really? Yes, they are. Wow. That was pretty funny though, in the late 70s, early 80s. The Celtics would not start the black players. Just die hard until they... That's pretty funny. Nah. I mean, let's face it, they had... They got to start our white guys. They did have Bird, who should have started, of course, and then McHale, I guess. But no. They still had a lot of white players up there in Boston. Wow, so the white guys scored 22 points against the big bunch of black guys. Am I getting it right? See, I can do sports. You pretty much get it right. We'll see what happens in game two. Somehow I never hear him put it that way on ESPN. James, what's going on? Hey, I just had a real quick bit of wrestling news for you guys. Well, when the Undertaker left at SmackDown in November, before his injury there, he actually said... I don't know to who because I don't have the tape. He said Vince McMahon. He said see me at Judgment Day. Oh, did he? Yeah. His friend has the tape, but I don't know who he said it to. But there he was. And there he was. Yeah. The Undertaker is back in the WWF looking huge. Yeah, that was an explosive thing he did on Monday there. Yep. Hey, I got some sports stuff I could put on. Thank you, James. I could put on. Yeah. I was watching a little ESPN in the office before the show. I know what you're going to get at. What? It was ESPN. And it was sports, right? That's all I have to say, right? Yeah. Yeah, see, it's ESPN, so it's sports. Okay, it was a high school cheerleading competition. That was so funny. We're sitting in there, Psycho Mark walks in. Hey, Anthony, holy F. He's like watching. It's high school girls doing the splits and the headstands, handstands, jumping up and down there. They hold each other in the air and flip them around. And all it is are panty shots. They wear those old... Can the high school cheerleaders get new uniforms? Has that been going on since the 50s? The long dress, the long pants, the long pants. The long dress thing. The long poodle skirt. And the top, the sweater-like thing with the... Can we go with a thong and a tube top or something? How about a little tube top or something? If you wanted to see that, you should have went to our porno collection. Yeah, we do have the world's largest. We used to have the world's largest rock and roll library here at MEW. Now we have the world's largest porn collection right in our office. And the world's largest carrot, let's not forget. Yes. From yesterday's festivities. And now we can take home the DVDs. All the porn DVDs and freeze frame them for every luscious shot. Thanks to Joey. A Yankee bleacher creature checking in, Anthony. The only thing white about the Knicks is the crowd. Hey, Mike, what's going on? Hopey. Yes. How are you doing? Pretty good. Hey, Ant, how are you doing? Listen, do you see how pissed off Van Gundy was yesterday? Well, he should have been, man. I don't know. I've never seen this guy. For a small guy, he was really, really... He's losing hair plugs faster than they could pop him back in. They were raising on the top of his head. Raising up. You know, like a cat. Like a party favor. That blowing out the top of his head. That poor guy. Can we win a championship before the guy drops out of a heart attack, please? I don't know. They do it to me every year. My God. They come all the way close and then they throw it. Like I said, you should have got rid of Ewing four years ago. Come on, you can't count him out after the first game. It's just game one. Just make him an assistant coach. It's still early. Let's stay positive. What do you think about Portland, though? Portland looks tough. They're mostly white, Jim. Oh, interesting. They've got a few whiteies there, sure. Interesting. I mean, that team's going to take, I think, the Lakers. I mean, I'd love to see the Knicks win, but I'm a Knicks fan, so... How cool would it be, Knicks-Lakers? Come on. I'd love to give it to Shaq, man. Just shove it down his throat. Look at Joey shaking his head now. No way it can happen. Turn around and make us cut another CD. It's probably going to be Portland. No, I'm not even going to say it. I'm not going to say nothing. Mike, thank you for the call. All right, take care. Got to stay positive, here. I will. I am, man, but you know, I'm a fan. Thank you. Can't count him out after the first game. And do you watch any sports or do you ever like... I'm waiting until this just gets done with so everybody pays attention to the Yankees. And we get there, you know, how you doing? Ha, how you doing, Yankees? How you doing? Hey, common old sh... You know? Back to that again. I want to say hi to all the Yankee bleacher creatures checking in. A lot of them have written us emails lately. The sober bleacher creatures. They're bumming, man. What a bunch of crap that is. Yankee stadium. Just not selling beer in the bleacher center. To the bleacher creatures. Yeah. At least not... Ha, how you doing, Yankees? Ha, remember this. Yeah. Oh, please. Yeah, I guess after all the basketball stuff's over with, we'll have this and stuff. The World Series. All right. Great. That's good enough. Yankees. Hey, common old... Hey, common old... Hey, two tickets sticking out of his pocket. How you doing? Are they going to make... I actually heard from one of those guys. Are they going to make a new one? It's never going to be as good as the first one. The first one sucked. Don't push it. Don't push it. Alan, what's going on? Yo, how's it going, fellas? All right. What's going on? I'm starting to have to... Hey, Joey DVD. How you doing? Hey, how are you? What's up, Alan? It sounds disappointing. Everybody's getting down on their knees. It's only the first game. It's only the first game. Everybody's like, oh, they're going to lose. What do we do now? Well, they just look horrible, though, man. Yeah. What do you expect? The consecutive days, they're all over 30 already. All right. Well, then we'll keep our fingers crossed and we'll see what happens with game two. Hey, you think that you put Chris Dudley back in the line? That was for a white guy. I think we have a better chance of getting syndicated. He's the white guy, right? Yes. The white guy. I don't even know why he's still on the team. Did he play at all this year? A little mop up time somewhere? I think I saw him during a couple of regular games. Yeah, all right. I don't know about that, though. Thank you, Alan. No problem. Take care. All right. Boogaloo, boogaloo, boogaloo, boogaloo, I'm over here now. Can't get rid of the dice. John, what's going on? I'm over here now. Anthony, what's going on? What's up? How you doing? How you doing? Oh, man, you're never going to believe this. I'm on the clean floor of Bridge before. I listened to your dice pit. Yeah. And some brunette is stealing it. I'm laughing my ass off. I'm not going to believe it. She goes, man, what are you listening to? I said, don't be an Anthony. She goes, oh, and I have a guess. She goes, hey, I look and oh, my God. She just whips him right out. All right. Who are the most bodacious top guys I've ever seen in my life? It was your first wow? First wow. Hey, congratulations, John. Definitely, definitely cool. You guys have bet you rock. How many more do you have? We've got to come up to Rocklin, man. We want to stick or stop at Rocklin. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. We tried that. I'm going to take a few laps in a way. Was he searching for his career in those tombs? What a way for a respected journalist to go. They should have just buried him in one of those tombs. I like it with the fat guy looking for a little drive-in attack. How many times is the wacky, we're going to open up something that has never been open before on a national television thing. How many times have they done it? How many times does it work? I can count maybe three or four times and it just didn't work. There was of course Geraldo looking for retards in their own feces in Al Capone's vault. Willowbrook was more entertaining than that goddamn Al Capone's vault. Then Maury Povich did the same thing. He went to Egypt to open up a tomb and there was nothing. There really wasn't anything. It's more barren than Connie's room. Remember that bit? Look at this. I'm Indiana Povich. Short round. Come here. Look at this. This place is dry and arid and lifeless. It's Connie's uterus. And then Hugh Downs last night. Hugh Downs syndrome. And what, Bill Pullman? Yeah, he came late in the special, right? Did he? Yeah. And what did they find? Nothing. Nothing. And they had some big fat guy like a guide. And at one point Bill Pullman goes to reach into the tomb to grab something that they found. What like a bone or a tiki? Greg found the tiki. And the fat guy starts yelling at him. Like, no, put down. Must be prayed over. And so Bill Pullman was like, whoa, hey, sorry. Sorry about that. I don't want to invoke the curse of the mummy or something like that. And then right after that the guy reaches down and grabs it himself. This seems to be a small thing. Like what? You told me to put it down, you fat F. It was a waste of time. Bill Pullman wiped out surfing. And look at the big tarantula crawling on Hugh Downs. They were showing scenes of that movie, The Mummy. Oh, great. Like throughout the special. Like that's what was going to happen. Like they're going to find one of those little roaches or something. They always think they're going to open up this thing and it's going to be this big wall of gold or something. And it's crap. It's just dusty rocks, a few bones, maybe a mummy or something. And a pot. And then they try to make it sound like it's real big, you know? Oh, look at this. No, you don't understand. This sarcophagus has not been opened in 2,000 years. Hey, who cares? There's nothing inside. I've got a shoe box that hasn't been opened in a few months. There's nothing in that either, too. And there's nothing in that, too. And it's just as exciting opening that up. When are they going to learn? Al Capone's vault with Geraldo. Remember that one? Oh, and they saved it to the end of the show. It was a whole show, two hours long of Geraldo, two ponderers. F-ing ponderers. Is that Don on the phone? Two hours long of him just talking about Al Capone and speculating what's going to be behind it. Perhaps it's an old car that they used in one of their many drive-by shootings. Perhaps it's the money that Al was hiding from... He opened it up, he found one whiskey bottle empty on there, and this big empty thing. Well, that didn't work. Sorry. Now, Geraldo, I'm going to go to the DVD box. Joey, Joey got Opie and Anthony and opened it. This is very exciting. Wait, it's empty. There's an old whiskey bottle and bricks inside. And some retard feces from Willowbrook. And I have to interrupt you really fast. Hey, guys. Joey, what's going on? Hey, man, I'm down here at the beverage bar, man. You got about 400 of your faithful down here. You got the ambulance just showed up. They're wearing their horns with wild signs. The cops just showed up. They want to know who's in charge. Hey, everybody, say hello to O and A. All right, people waiting for the van. I'm over here now. So what the hell's going on? You got about 400 people down here waiting for their van to show up. The van's still not there? The van is still not here. Oh, boy. Where am I hitting now, Earl? Oh, boy. But you got the police on the loudspeakers now. You want to turn it over to them? I'm over here now. You guys want to turn it over to them? No, no, no. That's OK. Be patient. We apologize, but the van should be there shortly. We found out the van was stuck in traffic, so just be patient, please. We even got a stroller down here with the wow sticker on it. A stroller. Right on. The kid's hungry. They're reciting dice in the background here. Just one word for this whole thing down here. Insanity. All right, cool. Thank you. All right, brother. Joey, on the scene down there at Beverage Barn. Yes. Let's go to Sean real fast. Sean, what's going on? Yeah, hey, Sean. How you doing? Good. Hey, listen. We're down here at the Beverage Barn. I'm over here now on the other side of the street from that other guy that just called you. You got the cops down here. He was right. About 400 people standing here. And we're just waiting for this van to show up, man. Has anyone seen the wow van? If you've seen the wow van, give us a call. Thank you, Sean. All right, thanks a lot, guys. All right, eventually the wow van will be there with the brand new wow stickers. Beverage Barn, East Meadow, Long Island, 2080 Front Street. We drove into the Bermuda Triangle. And yes, Earl is driving the van today. Is he? I knew it. Were you trying to keep this from me? Knowing that I would be pissed? Why? Anyway. Why? Was there nobody else? Can we hire a van driver? Be careful, Anthony. He'll quit again. Oh, OK. Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait. No, I'm getting something here. I wasn't in the meeting. I was caught in a little traffic on the West Side Highway on the way in. Was this brought up at all? Are we supposed to coddle Earl? No, no. Oh, OK. I thought maybe I missed something. What else are we going to do, though? We've yelled that we've tried every tactic. We even allowed him to quit, but he's still f***ed to work. He's the only guy I've ever heard that threatens to quit. The boss is everyone says, hey, OK, fine. And he shows up for work the next day. Way to make a stand. I'm going to quit. OK. All right. What do I do? Where's my work? So he's not there. Earl should be at the beverage barn shortly. And he left early. 2080 Front Street, East Meadow, Long Island. Want to thank the fine folks at RC Edge. Maximum power cola. Not just cola. Power cola, Anthony. Unbelievable. Yes, it never ends. Everyone is calling. We're all at the sticker stop. Where's the van? Yep. Oh, this guy saw the wild van. Oh, Scott, what's going on? How you guys doing? Great. How you doing? I'm right behind it right now. Oh, yeah? Are you just? I don't know the name of the road I'm on. I'm going past this place, Trumwaz in Sloatsburg. Thank you, Scott. Anthony. Trumwaz in Sloatsburg. That's the only Chinese restaurant in Sloatsburg. Anthony, I believe that was a prank call. Yes, I think so. Wait, the wild van is on the phone, Anthony. Wild van, where are you? I'm over here now. All right, he's over here now. He was just over there. Oh, Lieutenant Floby from Jersey checking in. Do you remember when they raised the empty safe from the Titanic? Oh, yes. Remember that show when they pulled the safe out of the Titanic and they were going to open it on TV, another two-hour special. And what was it? What was it? They opened it up. Wasn't it like? Nothing. Oh, they didn't even have plates or something in that one? They found like an empty wallet, I think. Oh, okay. It was because it was full of water, so they couldn't really open it. It was the dumbest show. They couldn't open it on the show. They had to tell you what was in it later. Well, that was like the raising of the woolly mammoth. You waited two hours and you didn't see who. You saw a block of ice. And they said there was a woolly mammoth in the middle of this block of ice. Why do we get hooked into these dead specials? We get duped into the specials every time. And you know what the Discovery Channel did with that? They had some kind of tusk. They're saying they were a woolly mammoth tusk. They just like plopped it on the outside of the big huge ice cube. So it could have looked like there was something inside there. Was it something stuck in an ice cube like in the cartoons when they fall into the frozen pond and they pull them out and they're in an exact cube? Yeah. Was it like that really? Yeah, with tusks sticking out of it. They cut out an exact cube and raised the woolly mammoth. They should just start blatantly lying on these shows. When they realize that they've been duped and there's nothing in it, just start pulling off your necklaces or something. Oh, look, diamonds. Or, oh, look at this, it's new pictures or something. Anything. But it's always just nothing. Unless you're watching a Robbie Knievel jump thing, at the end you know he's going to jump something. And even that one time he didn't jump because of something. Because of the weather? Because of the weather. So I guess those aren't even safe anymore. I don't watch them. All right. Still waiting for the Foxcrest, the 747 show. That'll be a good one. That I'll tune into. Everybody just wondering where the hell the van is. Well, be patient. I'm sure Earl won't call anymore. And we wouldn't accept his call anyway. It's Whip-a-Mow Wednesday. Let's regroup. Let's give out some Warped Tour tickets, Anthony. Winner receives a pair of tickets to the Warped Tour 2000 featuring Green Day, the Mighty Mighty Boss Stones, and the Long Beach Dub All Stars at Rattles Island, Sunken Meadow, Saturday, July 15th. Tickets are on sale now through Ticketmaster, but you get a free pair if you're the 10th caller at 212-757-1027. Gentlemen, start your wacky. Rumble that wacky! Are you mashing me naked? Overload. Pleasure overload. Oh, it just makes me tangle. Do we have good news to report? Earl has made it to the Wow sticker stop. Is that true? Does anyone know? It's true? Okay. We are finally giving out Wow stickers at the Beverage Barn, 2080 Front Street, East Meadow, Long Island. We should be there for a good hour. If you're in the neighborhood, stop by and say hi. It sounds like there's a mini party going on there. I want to thank RC Edge Maximum Power Cola, not just Cola, Power Cola, for helping us out with this Wow sticker stop. Okay? Cool. Anthony, before we move on with the show, I just want to know if everyone's excited and psyched up for tomorrow. Joey, you going to the road show tomorrow? Joey from Pizano will be at the road show tomorrow. You going to bring food for everyone? Sure. Yeah, food, DVDs. Yeah. You'll be out of business if you have to cater to the road show tomorrow. We're expecting a huge crowd tomorrow, right, Anthony? Yes. All right. Well, what can we tell the people about the road show? Why don't we just go over the whole damn thing right now, Anthony, really fast, okay? It's going to be huge. It's bordering on being a spectacle. We have music supplied by the likes of Stephen Lynch, my brother coming in with the most offensive songs, Oh My Fuhrer, among the other ones that he does too. We're going to have some of those. Q coming in with his most offensive songs. You might remember I'm horny for little girls. Yes. And Fuel with one of my favorites. Oh, God. Come on. Fuel had some really good ones. Baby Raper will be. Baby Raper, when he kicks into that one, tomorrow it's going to be just off the hook. People are going to go crazy, like Frampton comes alive. Yeah, so we have that to look forward to. Stephen Lynch doing a regular set. We've got Otto and George. Otto and George. Stephen Lynch, unedited, I hear is going to do FBA and he's added a few verses. Yeah. That's the rumor. That's one of those rumors going around to get more people to show up at the Road Show. Oh, yeah. We should start a rumor that Keith Richards will be there possibly. Possibly. Special secret guests. Right. Well, news broke today, like the Smashing Pumpkins are breaking up. Rumor has it they may show up at the Road Show. Right. You never know. Could be the last show together. What else? Brewer's City. I hate when they do that though, man. They do that all the time and they rook us in. Hey man, you hear that Bon Jovi's playing. Yeah. Yeah, I know Bon Jovi sucks and all, but did you hear that Bruce Springsteen might be showing up and do a couple songs with Bon Jovi on stage? How cool would that be to see? Then the sales go nuts for the concert and then there's all Bruce Springsteen. God, who would care? Yeah, we've got a plane. It's going to be doing aerobatics above the gig. The gig at 5.30. Yeah. We've got magicians that are going to be walking and working the crowd. Oh really? Oh yeah. We've got the Ugly Ass Contest. Ugly Ass Contest. Something we haven't really talked about, but we need some participants for the Ugly Ass competition. What else can we tell the people? The Wow Wet T-Shirt Contest. To end all wet T-shirt contests. Huge cash prizes. Yes. Going to be great. Yes. We've got some fine ladies sitting in a kiddie pool on the stage squirting and if you riled up people with super sockets. I can't wait to see that. Yeah, we've got the kiddie pool. We've got the lesbian couch. We've got the girls from Privilege coming down. We've got the Spaz Dunk Tank. Spaz Dunk Tank. If he's ever pissed you off on the phone. No, we're not talking about that anymore. Shut up, baby. Baby, they've been yelling at me, so I'm going to come home and yell at you. Shut up. Shut up. Yeah, if you've ever just hated Spaz, he's going to be in a dunk tank in his Boy Scout uniform. Yeah. The funny part is we're going to throw a toaster, a plugged in toaster into the water. So when you dunk him he'll die. It's going to be great. What else? We're having a sign competition. Yeah, we'll pick out the best sign. Looking for the best sign because you guys like showing up at these things with your signs. Geez, how many precious signs do you think we're going to see? Yeah, precious could be the most popular sign. How many people are going to be showing that they are over here now? Yeah, that's good. Also, let's not forget about the foam. Yeah, what the hell is going on with the foam? Foam is huge, Anthony. Not phone. Foam. Foam. Foam. Foam. Foam. Foam. Foam. Yes. Very popular in Europe, Anthony. Really? Yes. This is going to be a whole area where you can hang out with foam. Foam. This is like Lollapalooza all over again. It's our version of Lollapalooza. Lollapalooza. Sort of a huzzle big. There is something else there. Oh, oh, oh. You guys don't forget. You can get your picture taken with the invisible man tomorrow at the road. Yeah, we're going to have the invisible man there. For five bucks, which will go to charity, you can take your picture with the invisible man. You might say to yourself, but how do we know we're having a picture taken with the invisible man? Well, very easily. We're going to have a sign that says the invisible man is here with an arrow pointing down. You can put your arm around him. He'll put his arm around you. Yes. You get a picture taken with him. Of course. It's great. You guys aren't going to forget the invisible man sign, are you? It's all set. OK, very good. Special location. And Spaz is really freaking out about the foam. He wants to know what the foam is about. He's flipping out. Bring him in here. He called up the back office from in here five times yelling, what is this about the foam? I don't understand the foam. What's the foam? Foam. What's wrong, Spaz? I thought we weren't going to talk about the foam. Will you lift up your microphone, please? What's the foam? Rick told me don't talk about it anymore. Something I'm talking about. I don't know what the foam is. You don't know what the foam is all about. I know it about the spray foam. I just want to know what it's being used for. What do you think the foam is going to be used for tomorrow at a road show? As a cushion for something? Maybe for when we land in jets? Yeah. Foam the runway. Paul the pilot. Foam the runway. Paul the pilot is doing his air show at 530. At 530, yeah. This is going to be great. This is going to be great. All right, Spaz, we don't have time for you today. I'm going to go fast. But he's, for some reason, he thought that it had something to do with Erica, right? I didn't know it was him. I just wanted to know what it was being used for. I just wanted to include in. Spaz, it's top secret. You'll find out tomorrow. Foam. Foam tomorrow. Anthony, the invisible man is on the line here. Oh, cool. Invisible man, where are you? I'm over here now. All right. Very good. Very good. He's getting ready for the road show tomorrow. What else from the road show? Vaginas. Yes. Butt sex. Yeah, vaginas and butt sex, Opie. For everybody. And we will be working the line and getting as many women as possible in there. So if you're stuck on line, we will be grabbing the ladies off the line. Yeah, we're going to be like those Studio 54 pricks. Yeah. And Veruca. All those people where we're just going to go down the line and go, you, yes, yes, you, yes, yes, yes, yes. Can I please get into your shut up? Get out of here. I'm going to be all pompous and nasty. Can I help with that? Yeah, Joey, come down. Joey, you can help out. You're showing up, Joey. Yeah, Joey's showing up. Of course, yes. I don't know what else to say. I think we covered just about everything. And of course, the surprises that just happen at these road shows. You never know what kind of freak we got in the crowd that's going to want to get up on stage and show what they can do. Now the weather. We're looking at the weather. We're looking at the weather. We're looking at the weather. We're looking at the weather. We're looking at the weather. We're looking at the weather. I'm knocking on wood. It's supposed to be perfect. Yeah. Supposed to be perfect. I'm going to go to my weather station right now, Opie. Let me just put in this just to see what the weather will be. Thursday, sunny. They're saying the band is not there yet. What? Someone go talk to those guys. Come on. Not to interrupt. Someone talk to Joey and Georgina. Go ahead, Anthony. We're looking at sunny temperatures, high like 80 degrees, for all three days, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. So it's not even like anything's in the area that might screw us up. This is going to be great. It's looking clear. God himself is endorsing this road show. The Lord Jesus Christ wants you to come down and see the debauchery. We're not going to be able to do too many more road shows, I'm telling you right now. No. They'll call us back. These are getting too big for us, unfortunately. Wow, that weather forecast looks great. So it's all happening tomorrow at the South Beach Dance Club in Island Park on Long Island. South Beach Dance Club is located at 50 Broadway Island Park. Doors open at 2. Get there early. 2? We're broadcasting all the festivities live on the radio. You have to be 21 or older. No cover charge to get in. No. Earl just pulled up now. That's what they're saying. Oh, good. And this just in from Gary from Jersey. I hear the Who's Final Tour will end at the road show tomorrow. Yes. As a matter of fact, the Who is going to be performing Tommy and Quadrophenia tomorrow at our road show. All right. So be there. We've got to take a quick break. With Keith Moon. With Keith Moon. Yeah. Yeah, they dug him up yesterday on that Fox special. Anthony, quick break. We have someone on the line that wants to challenge you to Flintstone trivia. Really? We want to talk about coffee helping you with Parkinson's disease and Ted Turner's new love. Yeah. And whatever else you guys want to talk about. It is Whip-A-Mouth Wednesday as well. So if you're seeing anything on the highways and byways, please give us a call. We'll be right back. This is stupid. Somebody's got to get laid. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. 187 WNEW. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. Which one was nice? Oh, go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Boogaloo, Boogaloo. Someone spell out Boogaloo for the roadshow tomorrow on the side. I want to see how this is spelled. Boogaloo, Boogaloo, Boogaloo. I'm over here now. Kick the<|no|> you. Your hair is just youraaeg Grid. Should we play at the same time? No, let's hear. Your hair is just your ogs yourraeged. Boogaloo, Boogaloo, Boogaloo. I'm over here now. Your hair is just youraaeg Grid. and what's going on that i don't know how i've had it i was up i don't want to know if most likely to have my girl fighting not really people of course size does not matter when it comes to well that's right any size j boobies on your own they cannot boot well and i'm not i'm not on our own equal opportunity big small firm saggy doesn't matter all that it let me tell you so i'm driving on the l i a and you know and i see a set of foreign boobs to my right or my left does not want to look like it's still but the smile on my face and i got it's like uh... we are the world we are the one day i'd like well my husband right now well you can write a lot of it was not a good you know while some of the public i have a whole train station across the street well you know you got a while like that someone in their car that's that's the best way to do this in the car i have a convertible uh... at the top down and i don't think and i don't know what the hell is that of it with my dog these going down the stairs and i don't have to pass and and i think that it is that that's your question we don't care what the boobs look like doesn't matter little ones are fine too i can't all right that thank thank you united in boobs s anthony the diamond exchange yes what do you think it again engaged no new people out there your fallen love you find the right girl you get married because that's what you do right open yes and then uh... you live happily ever after it's a it's a it's it's a it's funny because i don't know it's a it's true that right yeah that's what happened and most people stay out statement right abbal technical effective nowsoo you uh... allegable pedal but Okay, terrific. So you're thinking of popping the question. Some people you just can't talk out of it. They have found it, it's love, that's it. Pull her pants down. That helps. So you get the engagement ring. Yes. Go to the Diamond Exchange on Route 17 North in Paramus, New Jersey for over the past 12 years. For over the past 12 years. For the past 12 years. The Diamond Exchange has been the Tri-State area's premier source for diamonds and fine jewelry. Yes, K-Dog says all the jewelry at the Diamond Exchange is designed and handmade on premises. Yes, you'll hear your money go that fast. There are showcases of the very latest in jewelry design from contemporary to classic to the very nice platinum. Stop that. The Diamond Exchange staff will help you choose from an exciting collection of loose diamonds and the most beautiful, unique and custom design engagement mountings you'll ever see. So you want to get engaged? Call the Diamond Exchange. Hey! Hey! Give them a call. Marriage is in your future. Call the Diamond Exchange 1-800-550-0633. It rubs lotion on its skin. It does this whenever it's told. That's 1-800-550-0633. I am stupefied, man. The Diamond Exchange, Route 17 North in Paramus, New Jersey. Come see yourself, why their customers return again and again. Stupid! You're so stupid! That was the diamond exchange. Are we in the middle of commercials? Yes, we are. Amy, what's going on? Hi, how are you guys doing? Good, Amy. I'm not sure if you need to wear a bra or not. No, we want to see a flash out there on the high end. Yeah, flash. No bra. Are you in your car right now? Yeah. Have you seen any wow signs? No, not at all. See, there you go, guys. You would wow if you saw a wow sign, wouldn't you? Yeah, I would. All right. I don't see any. Sorry. No, that's okay. At least you're honest. That's not good. I won't get arrested for wowing anybody. Oh, no. Just be careful. Okay. All right, Amy. Bye. Bye. So, Anthony, the diamond exchange, yes. What's that, Elton? Rick was talking to me. Well, like you said, Anna, we'll hear you. We'll continue our little commercial break and we'll be back. Let's do that. That's why you can't tune out during commercials anymore. Anthony, do you think I would go in the air and make a complete buffoon of myself? Anthony, my tampon is sitting a little askew today. Cool house. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. 20 girls want to bang me. 20 girls want to bang me. D&E. 1027 WNEW. My very own eyes. Yes, 2127571027. Be quiet, sir. This has been a fine Whip-A-Mow Wednesday so far, Anthony. Yes. A very successful Whip-A-Mow Wednesday. We could be going on the phones throughout the whole show. A lot of people are checking in saying, hey, I got wowed for the first time this season. Congratulations to everyone out there. Got to get the wow in your car. All right, what do you want to do? We got a ton of things we could still do here, Anthony. We could talk about Ted Turner's new love. Yeah, you see that? 28-year-old little chippy. From New York, right? For 61-year-old Ted Turner. It's so funny. A lot of ladies outraged. I was watching one of the talk shows this morning. Why, because he cashed in Jane Fonda? Well, they're all outraged because he's going out with a young chippy there. Yeah. What do you expect them to do? Go to the nursing home to find his next girl? Who said- Of course he's going to go for something young and attractive. Who said when you go to the dog pound, you get a puppy, you don't get an old dog? Which just like completely started an outrage with people. What, a celebrity said that? Yeah. That's reality. Oh, God. James Woods, I think it was, said that because he likes the young girls. Yeah. He said, yeah, when you go to the dog pound to get a dog, don't you want to get a puppy? You don't want to get an old dog. Yeah, you want that young puppy that you can teach a lot of tricks to. Teach the new tricks. You don't want the old dog that's rubbing his ass on the rug. Doing that little thing where it sits down and drags itself on the carpet. Yeah, you don't want to get the old flea-ridden dog. Oh, the cute little puppy. Yes. Jesus Christ, that's awful. It might make a few messes in the beginning, but it's going to be well worth it in the end. Of course. Yes. Well worth it. Well active and fun. Congratulations to Ted Turner. Ted Turner, yeah. He seems to be very happy with his new girl. What happened to Jane? Jane started falling apart. How old was Jane? Jane was up there. Yes, she was in her 60s, I believe. That much, huh? Oh, yeah. Or late 50s. I would say anywhere from 58 to 62, I would say. He's got this young English professor, I guess. 28-year-old Karen Rosenfeld. Right, Ted. No surprise there. I mean, guys rarely break up and then go for somebody older than the girl that they've been with. Yeah, no, no, no. That doesn't usually happen. I mean, that's just reality. That's what the guys do. Right. I myself, I find it appalling, Opie. It's terrible. Sorry, I got something in my throat. Shut up. You're kidding. And Anthony, also, there's another story in the Daily News today. They're trying to claim that coffee can help stop Parkinson's disease. How the hell is that possible? I think you drink coffee and then with the Parkinson's you shake yourself into unconsciousness and then you're fine with it because you're out cold. Someone explain to me how coffee is going to help Parkinson's disease. It's just going to make you shake like a car on bad gas. I don't know. What, are you going to start giving Ali some coffee? Some coffee. Give me some coffee. I'll take off smoking Joe Egypt. Give me some of that Decon Fog on. I'll put that in some coffee. Hello, where am I now? Well, first round. Ring the bell. That's a stupid. That's sad. If someone's got anything on that, please give me a call. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. Please give us a call. What, are you researching? No, it just doesn't make sense. Coffee may help stop Parkinson's disease. I'm sure it's not the symptoms of Parkinson's. It probably helps with the disease somehow. How can you tell, Anthony? I have two cups of coffee and I shake like that. Oh well. Let's go to Tommy. Tommy, you're next on WNEW. Hey, how you doing? How you doing? Anthony, you ready for it? What is this? This is eight questions. If you want, I can do a multiple choice. Eight questions based on? Red Flintstones and the Flintstones. I haven't seen a Flintstones episode in probably three years. So it has been a while, but I was an avid Flintstones watcher. Anybody who listens to the program knows that I love the Rock Quarry episode. I am Rock Quarry. Hmm. Gus Schultz. When I saw this, I figured it would be right up your alley. I am Gus Schultz. Gas station attendant. Ahhhhh. Alright, I'll bite. Okay. So, you have eight questions. Eight questions. Are they really picky? Because I hate trivia questions that are just... Some of them are pretty good. Yeah. Some of them are pretty brain cheaters. Alright. Alright. What do we give them? If you stump Anthony, we'll give you something cool. How about a prize pack and some wow stickers? We could do that. No one a prize pack and some wow stickers. You got it. That'd be great. Now, how many does Anthony have to get right? That's up to you guys. There's eight questions. How about five? Okay. Nah. That'd be nicer than that to the guy. Although, I might get them all wrong. Who knows? You know us. Either way, the guy's going to get something. Alright, go ahead, Tom. You ready? Alright, let her rip. Alright, for which characters did legendary voiceover actor Mel Blank provide the voices? Which characters? Which characters did Mel Blank supply the voices for? Yep. Barney Rubble. Uh huh. Hold on. Let me think. One more. Barney Rubble and well, none of the main characters except Dino? Yep. Wow. Hey, come on. How'd you get that? I was going to say Mr. Slate, but I wasn't going to say Mr. Slate. Alright, and it's got one right. Go ahead, Tom. Alrighty. What type of equipment did Fred operate in his job at the Slate Rock and Gravel Company? What type of equipment? Yep. Uh, Dino Crane. Two. That's two. Yes. Alright, what kind of animal was there at Pet Dino? Uh, Snor, Snorcosaurus. Damn it. Sorry. What was the name of the Flintstones hired wooly mammoth who provided water for doing dishes, taking a shower or shaving? This could be a tough one. The little wooly mammoth under the sink? Yeah. God damn it. Yeesh. Oh, I'm trying to listen to Wilma, like her voice saying it, but it's not coming to me. Um, well I guess I'm going to have to use my lifeline. Such a final answer. Um, he wants a lifeline. Give him multiple choice. Multiple choice, huh? Okay. Edward, Edgar, Egghead or Egbert? Wow. Edgar. Nope, Egbert. Egbert? You were close. Okay. Alright, there's one wrong. Damn it. That's okay. What 1960s sex symbol appeared as herself in animated form and provided her own voice over for the debut episode on the fourth season? Debut episode on the fourth season? Yep. Oh, I know that one. She wasn't a sex symbol, but it was, I know Ann Margrach. Is that her, Ann Margaret? Yep. Yeah, okay. Because I know, uh, what's her name? Elizabeth Montgomery was on there too. Right. Alright. And what bewitched crossover? What social organization did Fred and Barney belong to? Oh, come on. Uh, well, that's kind of a trick question. They were also with the loyal order of dinosaurs, but it was the loyal order of Water Buffalo. That's it. Alright, last two. In the 1965 episode, No Biz Like Showbiz, what career did Fred envision for Pebbles and Bam Bam? Oh, like singing stars. Top musician. Yeah. Damn. Last and final one. During the Flintstones final season, what other popular 1960s show stars appeared as TV characters within the same Flintstones episode? Uh, the bewitched thing. Yep. Yeah, okay. You got it. Alright. Wow. Congratulations. That goddamn woolly mammoth under the sink screwed me. Good job, man. That was a tough one. Alright, Tommy, hold on a while. We'll give you that O&A prize package and some wow stickers. Appreciate it, guys. Have a good one. Thanks for helping out the show today. No problem. Hold on a line. Elena wants to tell us about Parkinson's and coffee. Elena. Yes. What's up? Hi, guys. You really know about this coffee and the Parkinson's disease? I think I know something because Parkinson, the problem with the Parkinson's is the lack of dopamine, which is their special stuff in our brain. So maybe coffee somehow affects the increase of secretion of dopamine and that's what helps the symptoms, but I don't think it's any significant. Alright, our medical break, Opie. Thank you. Thank you, Elena. Oh, I have a question. Can I? Yeah. About wow stickers? About wow stickers, yes. Okay. If I put one on my car, is that supposed to flash me? Yeah. There's a lot of girls out there that want to see other girls flashing them. Oh, really? Yeah. That's fine. You might get lucky with a guy if he wants to do some, but that's not what the whole wow is about. Alright. Bye. Bye, guys. Alright, we don't really care about the coffee thing, do we? No. Jim, what's going on? Yeah, hey, listen, you got it wrong. It doesn't help Parkinson to prevent it. Prevent it? Yeah, 20. Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Bye, guys. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. If you take 28 ounces of coffee a day, you're five times less likely to get it. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And how do they know this? There was a study done over a long period of time in England. A study in England. They always end up changing the studies, though. Yeah. One moment it says coffee works and then you go, oh, we made a mistake. It doesn't do anything. Well, then they'll tell you what happens is you become impotent if you drink that much coffee. So, yeah, pick your pick. Alright, Jim. Cool. Thank you. Bye, Jim. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Study in England. Yeah. Yeah. Don't they just drink tea over there? Yes. Alright, we've got to regroup here and we'll be back. Just wowed the sticker stop. Oh, wait a minute. ZViana. Hey, how you guys doing? What's your name? Viviana. Oh, okay. It's spelled really wacky on the screen. So, what's going on? Well, I was with Black Girl is and he, of course, he came late again. But guess what? I was the first girl there and I was a little scared because it seemed like the whole mob scene. Everyone was on the van and they were telling me to whip them out. And guess what I did? You whipped them out? I whipped them out, baby. And what did the crowd do? They went crazy. Yes. Very good. Great way. Cool. Yeah. Well, and I have a really, really nice one. So, they're nice and big, big bees. Big bees. Nice and perky. I love it. This is the first time I was doing this. Yeah. Did you feel good about it? Absolutely. So, you'll be wowing cars on the highway? Oh, yes, I will. Very good. Want another kicker? Yeah. My husband was right there, right behind me. Oh, cool. He let me do this. I can't believe he did this to me. Very good. Well, thank you. Thanks for helping us out. I love you guys. You guys are awesome. See you tomorrow. Cool. All right. Bye. Bye. There she goes. We'll take a break, Anthony. Okay. And if you got anything else for the show today, 2127571027. Booze. The world's universal language. I use my breath to get other people's attention. What is going on? Toby and Anthony. The brain is in their pants. 187WNW. Oh, you see you tomorrow. Joey, bye, John. There you go. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. There you go. There he goes. How you doing, Joey? How you doing, Joey? Joey DVD. All right. Where's the DVD, huh? Stop down there. Pizzanos of Mulberry Street. And he'll be at the road show tomorrow. South Beach Dance Club in Island Park. 50 Broadway Island Park. Doors open at 2. Anthony? Yes. Stack or 2? The world's strongest fat burner. It works. Yeah, they have a new offer. Did you know about this? I hear it's good for Parkinson's. No. They're so confident that you'll love the product and lose the weight. They will send you a free trial size with each order, Anthony. Nice. You can't beat this. Stack or 2, the world's strongest fat burner has helped thousands of people lose weight, build lean muscle and get into shape. You'll feel the effects of just one stack or two fat burning capsule within 45 minutes or your money back, Anthony. Yeah. Eat what you want and still lose weight. No more midday cravings. Stack or 2 takes care of that too. It does the three things. It burns the fat. It crushes the cravings to snack in between meals. of energy when you're petering out, I should say. Certainly does. Late in the day. Log on to Stack or 2, the world's strongest fat burner. They have a website. Yeah. I just said log. Log. www.stackor2.com or give them a call at 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. If you give them a call now, you might be wearing that banana hammock this summer. Are you threatening me? Stack or 2? Are you getting me back from the Diamond Exchange? Oh, no. Not at all. All right. You should have started earlier because now we're done imagining. Stop eating and get the body you always wanted, Anthony. Be this on Stack or 2. Stack or 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Our listeners have proven it works. Give them a call. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. OK. OK. OK. Anthony. Anthony. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. Static acts. Hear those commercials on the radio? They play like 30 seconds of a band. Yeah. Static acts. You're kidding. Braha. I think the sticker stop has come to a close, Anthony. Wow. Somebody just sent pictures from the sticker stop. Are you serious? Yeah. You gotta love technology, let me say. Chris, what's going on? Look at this. How you doing, man? All right. I'm from my sister's, and my friend just came and picked me up. He was coming out from work. And I came here to see some breasts, you know what I'm saying? See some women drink a beer. And the cops are kicking everybody out as we're arriving. Really? Not even 6 o'clock here. I mean, it's like 6.30, I'm a little disappointed. Wanted to get my thing going here. And cops are running there for everybody. What's going on? Well, how many people were down there? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Those aren't bad. Those are very nice. I don't understand why you would bring a little kid to a Wow stickers shop. My, look, boobies. We should put the roadshow on the Internet tomorrow. How can we do that? Well, I don't know. I don't know. Can we get the laptop? A lot of people that can't go for one reason or another and it would be so great if we just snapping off pictures left and right and just throwing them up on the Internet. Oh, I've got your stills? Yeah, just stills, constantly updating them, you know, getting 20, 30 pictures and throwing them on. Wow, look at the crowd. I love today's technology. We're getting pictures from the sticker stop already. Reconnaissance aircraft have come back. There's got to be five, six hundred people outside the beverage barn in East Meadow. I don't know when this was taken, but wow. Oh man, what an ugly crew. I'm just kidding, man. I don't know if we could do it for this road show, but how cool would that be? Well, you know, you're stuck at work. You can't go to the road show tomorrow, but you could just, you know, constantly check, let's say, the WNAW website and there's just 20, 30 brand new pictures every half hour. That'd be great. Steve C is going to be there, right? Yeah. On the website. Yeah. If we could find a phone line. I got a laptop. We could, uh, could you bring up some pics off and upload them to the site a couple of times an hour or something. Well, bring your laptop. Let's try to figure this out. Yeah. That's the that's the last piece of the puzzle for tomorrow. Cool. I talked to Scott, you know, our, our, you know, computer guy. Yeah. And I guess I guess there's not enough phone lines or something out there. Hmm. Hmm. We just need one. Yeah. Just to plug into it, upload some stuff. That would be huge, though. Yeah. Let me go to Matt real fast. Matt. Hey, Matt. Yeah. Turn on your radio. That's a delay. You're live. Hello. Hey, Matt. How are you guys? Great. Over at the, uh, sticker stop. Yeah. Oh, man. You got a lot of people here. We see. We got, they're handing us, uh, pictures. Oh, and the wows we're getting over here. You got a bunch of wows? Oh, yeah. Definitely. We're very grateful. Did they break up the sticker stop at this point or? Yeah. You know, they started chanting to some female officer to whip them out. Oh, you guys. So you got mad. See? Well, you know something? You guys are a little crazy. You got, you're kind of pushing a little too far, don't you? You're all like Rick. Poor Earl couldn't even get out of the van. Wow. Earl was stuck in the van while they were handing out the stickers and the wows. I got it from an negro. Man, this girl is, uh, fine. Let me say that one. That's the same one that you got. Black and white now. All right, Matt. But it was very successful. A lot of wowing going on over there. And he's mad. Absolutely. You know, listen, I'll take Earl's job. I'll be early. Yeah, don't worry about it. He gets so many wows for those tickets. All right, Matt. Thank you. Thank you. Let's go to Bobby real fast. Bobby. Hey. Hey, Bobby. What's going on, man? How are you? All right. Yeah, that chick was pretty nice. But I'm surprised she did that because there was two mothers and their kids standing right there. Yeah, we see the pictures right now. And she goes, you guys ready? And of course, the guy, you know, this couple big construction guys, they, yeah, man, we're ready. And sure enough, she let him, she let him in. Why would you play? What, are you the guy with the dark shirt on? Yeah, he was, he was fun. He was here like a little water bottle in his hand. He was like, yeah, man, go ahead. So she did. And then as she's driving by, she just got up the phone with you guys. She did it again. Oh, that was the girl, OK. And the cops were right there. I know. You know, they didn't really care, but. I just don't understand why you would bring two kids under the age of 10 to a Wow sticker stop. He just, I was walking behind them going to get the sticker. And they didn't know what was going on. They thought it was like a little accident, I think. And they were just walking. Yeah. And then they stopped. They saw the commotion, but they didn't know what we were doing. Right. And before you know it, the girl was like, yeah, I'm going to do it. And she did it. Cool, Bobby. Thank you. All right, man. Later. Appreciate it. Here's the guy that sent us the pictures. Raul. Hey, guys. O-N-A, what's going on? What's up, man? I sent you the pictures. I see you got them. Yeah, very nice. Check it out. Those kids, right? There was a store there. And those kids, I guess their parents own the store. And they just came out. Oh, man. Because I'm looking at these two little kids. And I see a chick wowing. I took them exactly a half hour ago as the van showed up. Good job, man. We love that. Getting instant pictures like that. I would do that live thing for you guys tomorrow. I'm in the Army. I have training tomorrow. No, no, go ahead. We're going to try to figure something out last minute. I mean, we understand if we can't. All right, you guys roll. We'll try. Thank you. In case you don't get out of there. Yeah. Thank you, man. I guess somebody likes the show and says, you're over there because who said what? The feedback on that dice Shane McMahon thing from yesterday is just huge. You're going to love it. Just huge. Both those guys were hilarious. Yeah. Shane had some chops to him. Yeah, he did. He really did. Coming right back at dice. Well, he's easiest to getting into the fray. Not afraid. 2127571027 Mike. Yo, what's going on, guys? Hey, man. I got my new wow sticker down at the stop. It must have been about, I don't know, 500 people there. The cops weren't too happy. But more important than that, I got my first wowing over the season. It was very nice. She had very nice. Brian. Very nice. Bravo. And I know you guys are probably sick of hearing it, but Black Girl doesn't sound very too happy. He's like, guys, it's only a sticker. I don't know what the big deal is. And I was kind of like, you know, you should have some pride in what you're doing. They come out. They do a good job to make a radio show. And you show up late and don't even care. Yeah, we want people that are motivated, man. I'm just sticking the mud, man. We have people that would be out there with the stickers just so freaking motivated. Who wants it, man? I just graduated from college. I'll do it. I need a job. I got nothing to do. I'll work for minimum wage. We're going to have to try to figure something out. Totally. Syndication and dials room. I'll see you guys later. Thank you, Mike. Bye. Bye. Another successful sticker stop. There you have it. Yeah. The police involved. Something that, you know, we got it. We have a great rapport with the NYPD, a lot of the Jersey troopers and Jersey police. Even to Suffolk County cops. But that Nassau County, that is a tough nut to crack for us, isn't it? And we're going to be in Nassau County tomorrow. I understand. That's why I'm trying to say I'm reaching out to the officers of the Nassau County Police Department. I think the people at the sticker stop took it a little too far. With the chant, whip them out to the female officer. Well, I'm sure the cops got to understand. I'm sure a few of the cops were smiling behind their back. We embrace the police officers of this state. All right, scoop from Northport. My wife was just driving behind a school bus of kids that could not be any older than 10 or 11 years old. And sure enough, the good old wow sign pops out. She just called me laughing her ass off. Great to see that you're infecting me. Younger generations. OK, terrific. Syndication when the Knicks win the championship. Uh-oh. Geez. I'd like to have syndication sometime. Why am I? And that's right. It's only one game. You're not a basketball fan. You don't have to be a fan to see that they got blown out last night. Oh, and what? Well, OK. I know game one game. I'm with you. One game. I'll start pitching. If you're broke, I'll start pitching a game for me. They did suck though. Yeah. That's what that's what I'm reading. Susan, oh, a response. My, I don't even know what Susan's trying to say. So, oh, response. God, they're having a tough time. Responsible. My wow. Responsible. I don't even know what she's trying to say. All right, we got to take a break. OPM, Anthony. Fancy ladies, dogs. You guys are really funny and stuff, but you guys take it too far to the point where I literally get nauseous and sick listening to your radio show. Go pick a mitle. Ah. One, two, seven. WNW. Someone getting in some early. What did I learn today? Oh, yeah? What I learned on the OPM Anthony show today, OPM Anthony bits are like unprotected gay sex. Yes. And Earls Alive. Why? Why? Syndication when lady cops whip them out. Anthony, Rockaway betting. Yes. Yes. I love my Rockaway betting bed. Rockaway betting, 140 stores throughout New York and New Jersey featuring all the brand name mattresses. You've heard them. Sealy Posturepedic, Assertive Purpose Sleeper, Simmons Beauty Rest have prices up to 65% below department store prices. Rockaway betting, the only major area mattress store that offers you a free steel bed frame, free delivery, free complete removal of your old bedding. Hey. It's all free. You can buy headboards, metal beds, futons, day beds, electric beds, bunk beds, or anything else you need to sleep at Rockaway Betting. It's the fastest growing chain of mattress stores in New York and New Jersey for a reason. Best prices. Ouch. Friendly service and free, free, free delivery to your home. You can shop at one of Rockaway Betting's area stores. Or give them a call 1-800-TRY-A-BED, 1-800-TRY-A-BED. J. Moore, me, Anthony, Soon, Ophie, and of course, Spaz. Woo. There's K-Dog right now howling from his own Rockaway Betting bed with the lovely Erica. The groping, a lot easier now. Spaz, yes? Yeah. See that? It's higher up the ground, isn't it? Didn't you get a nice, big, thick mattress? So you don't have to bend over to grop Erica in her sleep now, right? You could almost stand straight up and do it. Rockaway Betting. We'll do the same for you. Give them a call 1-800-TRY-A-BED. Rockaway Betting. Ophie and Spaz. Well, you got to buzz something. You're like a black eye for all mankind. I don't think they're very nice people. The only way I could actually think they were funny was to become heroin. Ophie and Spaz. You know, I just like want to throw up. Feel the love. 1027 WNEW. Ah, the rain is coming, Anthony. The weather geeks got it right this time. The rain, they said it would rain Wednesday night. Then it would be gorgeous tomorrow. Oh my god, I need my Doppler weather. Oh. All right. All right. Ah. Yes. But we're looking at sunny skies and 80 degrees for the roadshow tomorrow. The weather will be perfect tomorrow for our roadshow, broadcast and live, South Beach Dance Club in Island Park. I know you guys are sick of us talking about this, but we want to make sure a lot of you guys get out over there and join us in the festivities. 50 Broadway Island Park on Long Island. Doors open at 2, 21 or older. No cover charge. We don't even need to go over all the crazy zany things that are going to be happening there, OK? Just going to be a huge spectacle. We've never had a disappointing roadshow. Some have been better than others, but they've all been a lot of fun. You will be assaulted by entertainment from the sea, the land, and the air. That's right. Where else? What other radio show will assault you with entertainment from air, sea, and land? I couldn't think of any other one. Unbelievable. Jack from the City, Anthony. It's a little early to play this, but just to get the festivities going, I learned that Milo Yambag could have run to the sticker stop faster than Earl drove there. I love that. Syndication when Opie's wife is born. Yeah. No bones from Jersey. What I learned yesterday, that Shano Mack knows how to play Mary had a little lamb on a touch-tone phone. That's true. Let's see what I learned. Yeah, quickly, I guess we pound a couple out early. Money from the pictures with the invisible man. We'll go to charity. Yes. That must mean Ant's girlfriend's name is Charity. No. You can get your picture taken with the invisible man tomorrow at the road show. That is one of the many things happening. Anthony has a thing for naked, retarded chicks and their own feces. Black girl learned something today, Anthony. Oh, he did. Earl learned today that he could quit and still keep his job. Yeah. Purr from Jersey. I learned I'm not the only sicko who watches high school cheerleading on TV. Yeah. Come on. Boogaloo-galloo. I'm over here now. Please. Who wasn't watching that? All right. I'm just trying to get through all these. Sorry. Yeah, that's OK. I'm trolling. Today I learned that I learned less than I did yesterday. That's from the Yankee bleacher creature. Syndication when beer is back in the Bronx bleacher. Yeah. I don't think that'll happen. Donald from White Plains. I learned that seeing a pair of A-cup breasts with hairy nipples will make a person puke. Syndication say what now? Tim from Montgomery, New Jersey. I learned today to listen through the commercials to hear more awesome stuff from ONA. You guys suck. Yeah, you might have to stick it out. Wait. Mike from Rockland. I learned what to do when a gook tourist takes my picture in the city. Grab my junk. Start jerking. You're a monkey in a cage to the tour buses. Anthony, E-Man from Jersey. I learned that Shane McMahon will wrestle Soda Pop Willie on the next WWF pay-per-view. Yeah. Boogaloo, boogaloo, boo, boo, boo, boo. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. Let's go to the phones. Hey, Barbara, what's going on? Hello. Hello, Barbara. How are you? Good. I want to know if I could play What's in My Pants. Oh, well, we played once already today. Oh, no. We're trying not to do that all the time, because we don't want that game to get old. Oh, I know. Where are you though, Barbara? Let's see if we want to do this right now. OK, well, I'm in Jersey. OK. Convince us to play What's in My Pants. Yeah, tell us a little bit about yourself and why we should play What's in My Pants with you, Barbara. I'm laying on the bed with my bra and underwear on. OK, Opie, we're going to be playing What's in Barbara's Pants. Do you have the theme song for What's in My Pants? Now, Barbara, what do you look like with those brown panties? OK, I have brown hair and eyes. I'm about 130, 140, something to that effect. Uh-oh. That's a way. No, no, what I'm saying is that is a very, very key 10 pounds. 130 to 140, depending on your height, which is? 5'7". 5'7"? OK. OK, you're still in the game. Oh, so you were going to upset me because I'm in love with you, Anthony. No, well, oh, yeah. I wanted to come into the studio today, but then I decided against it because I thought maybe you guys would rip me into a hole. So of course we'd like to. We can be a lady. Barbara, no, we don't do that. We just do fun things with asparagus. Oh, OK. OK, well, yeah. We have to be able to stick the pieces of asparagus in there a little bit. Only if Anthony joins in. Oh. Barbara, please. Only if you eat it off me. Oh, my god. There is nothing more disgusting, that I find more disgusting, than food and sex, by the way. Oh, OK, well, remember how? I do not like that. You ever see the HBO specials with a pour in like food and everything? Oh, yeah, OK, forget it then. This is fantastic. I think food and sex are great. I put jello and whipped cream and nuts all over my girl in peanut butter, and then I start licking it off of her, and it's just an erotic thing. And meanwhile, I'm gagging. We're looking at the TV like, ugh! OK, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to gross you out. That's OK. Don't worry about it, Barbara. OK. It was pretty hot in that movie. But nine and a half weeks? Yeah. Everyone says that, too. It was. But when they do it on real sex with the fat couples, it's a little different. Oh, my god. You know, they don't show the after effects of that either. Well, you want a dried piece of corn on a chick's thigh? You're looking like, ugh! Yeah, it's over here now. Over here now. We've done some food shows, Anthony. We should bring that back. That was fun to watch. To watch? I'm not talking about like that. I'm talking about a guy and a girl getting together with food. Yeah. All right, Barbara. So what kind of boobs do you have? Let's speed this up here. OK. My size is 40 triple D. 40 triple D? Yeah, 40 triple D. Now we know where that extra 10 pounds went. Those are really huge. Exactly. Well, it doesn't look that big, though. I haven't had people look at me and say, oh, my god. Are you spilling out of your bra right now? Yes, I am. And what does the rest look like as far as measurements? Like how big's your ass? Well, unfortunately, I have a butt. Oh, she's got a big ass. OK. All right. What kind of panties do you have on? Bloomers? Big grandma bloomers? No, they're not big grandma boobs. Oh, my god. All right. Well, once you get naked there, take the panties off. OK. OK. Take your bra off and lay on your back and tell us what's going on with those boobs. Let us know if they hit the bed. Yes, they do. As you lay on your back, your boobs hit the bed. Yes, they do. Oh, my god. That's great. Oh, that's a star. Of course, if you'd like to come over and lay with me, I'd enjoy that. No, that's quite all right, Barbara. Thank you so much for the offer. Are you? Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. All right, Barbara, can you give us a motorboat before we play What's in Barbara's Pants? Of course. Okay, you know how to do the motorboat? Yeah, I do. We love the big-breasted ladies to do this for us from time to time. Okay, I'm going to start laughing again. Make it a good one. Okay, wait, let me put the phone down. Get a good one. Get a good one. Okay, hold on. Can you hear me? No. No, you've got to like move it, man. What? Back and forth. Kind of juggle them around a little bit. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Oh, my god. So it goes like ... You know? You guys are killing me. Hence the motorboat. Okay, hold on. A lot of girls ... That's fine. Whoa, that sounded like a ... Can you hear that? Like a jet ski. Oh, my god. A jet ski. Liz is saying you're not worthy of playing What's in My Pants? What? Liz, yeah. Oh, you're completely naked, Barbara. Yes, I am. Very nice. Let me see what the problem is with Liz here. Oh, yes. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. And love you, PJ. All right. All right, Barbara. Oh, god. I have nothing to say to little Cs like that. Oh, wow. All right. I'm trying to get some stuff. I'm going to get that. Okay. Why don't you rub the phone there, Barbara? Sure. Now, am I going up and down? Yes, go up and down first. Okay. Okay. Hold on. Is that good? Jesus. Hello? Yes, yes, now. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Okay. All right. All right. Now, go side to side. She's got a muscle. She's got a muscle right in her mouth. Okay. You guys are laughing at Stan. No, no, no we're not. No, no, no, no. Now go in a circular motion slowly. Please. Okay. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Barbara, do you have a machete nearby? Do I have a machete? No. That's the exact... I'm sorry. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. That's the exact sound that the big snow shovel made when I was trying to pick up the dead cat off of my... So I'm going to say dead cat. Dead cat? Well, do you have a calico in your lap? Calico in my lap? A calico. That's some cat humor. Do this side to side a little slower this time and a little longer than you've been doing. Okay. Okay, hang on. Oh my God. I don't even want to know what this is. All right. Barbara? Yes. What's your nationality? I'm white American. Italian? Italian, yes. Okay. Okay. Okay. You guys are hurting me. Yes. I... Triangle. What the hell? I'm white American. Italian, yes. Okay. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. You guys are hurting me. Yes. I... Triangle. What the hell? A wild triangle. Anthony? Oh, God. Could you do one more side to side? Sure. I'm sorry. I'm trying to... Go ahead and say dead cat. Hold on. I'm thinking more like Don King's head in my leg lock. All right. Yes. It sounds like that when I used to use that sandpaper on my model airplane. Oh my God. I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I... I'm going to say a full 70s earth mama muff triangle. We're both saying the same thing? Yeah. Oh my God. Far brown sand. Yes. Not that we care, but what's in your pants? Oh, gee. Actually, it's a Hitler mustache. What? Yes. Stop it. I swear. Red with forest. You're gonna look? Oh. Oh. That's more like it. like a what's his name from Laurel and Hardy type mustache. Oh my God. Well Barbara, very sexy look you got there. A little Hitler mustache on that big vag. Yes. Really? Yes. Very nice. Alright, you getting the action there Barbara? Yes I am. Very good. We'll take care of those huge boobs of yours. Do you wow on Wednesdays? Yes I do. Thank you for that. Are you laying on your back right now? Yes I am. With the phone? Yes I am. Try to do a sit up. Try to do a sit up? Yes. Like just a real, you just want me to sit up? Do like a sit up, you know like an exercise. Well yes. Try one of those, can you do one? Sure. I'm actually doing them while I'm pushing you. Oh okay, I thought maybe because of the boobs you'd have trouble. Oh no. But you must be in shape. Okay. Yes I try. Thank you Barbara. You're welcome. Take care guys. Bye bye. Good job Barbara. Okay, there's a vacation when I take a picture with the invisible man and he's there. There goes Barbara. Karen what's going on? Oh my God. We always do one too many at the end. Karen! Yes. How are you Karen? I'm fine thank you. How are you guys doing? We had fun today. I'm having a whole lot of fun listening. Good. So you called us up. Yeah I called you, no I called you. That's right because I wanted to thank you. You guys are the best. Someone at my job told me about wow and I went out on my lunch break and I just got this great new wig and they all said I looked sexy and I flared someone and I have a date be pulled over. Hey run on. Very good. So I want to thank you. Well thanks for wowing today Karen. You're welcome. Oh my God look how happy she is. Alright Karen. Thank you. Okay you're welcome. Does Keith the cop really walk behind William Shatner? Keith! Hey what's going on? What's up man? I have a good friend of Joe right here. He'd like to say a quick hello to you guys. Really? Hold on one second okay? Alright. I'll be there. I'll be there Anthony. I have to tell him. Hey Anthony. Mr. Shatner. How do you know? I can tell by the voice. I'm walking on MacDougall Street. My old friend of mine, the Morisca came by and I said what are you doing on MacDougall Street? And he said I'm patrolling here because this is my job and I said let me speak to that radio show and tell him that New York's finest is doing their job. Look at this. What are you doing in New York Mr. Shatner? I'm at the Priceline. Yes. Yes. Captain Kirk. Yes. Listen it's a pleasure to talk to you. It's cold here. Oh come on you've been in colder before. Remember when Sulu was stuck on that planet? Captain Kirk remember when Sulu was stuck on that one planet and it was real cold? That's 10 shows. It was so cold and you left them down there. Now what a little New York chill in the air? Yes. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. Captain Kirk. They said it wouldn't rain until midnight. That's not good the forecasters are. I'll talk again. It's a pleasure. Thank you very much. Captain Kirk remember that other planet you were on with Harry Mudd and... Captain Kirk. Hey Keith. Hey what's up? Ohura. Ohura. Get me back the captain. Yeah kick him in his yam bag for us. You guys have a good day out there. All right. Keith and Kampen. William Shatner. William Shatner just checking in from the street. And he didn't want... I was totally pulling on those fan things. Captain Kirk remember the time... He hates that. I know he does. He absolutely hates that. Remember the time you beam Sulu down and he was stuck on that frozen planet. All right Anthony let's play a quick round of what did we learn on the ONA show before we get out of here. Okay. Of course. I learned that I could puke from the game Watch My Dance. Mr. Wizard from Jersey. Oh yeah. I know you can't do that. I know you can't do that. I know you can't do that. I know you can't do that. I know you can't do that. I know you can't do that. I know you can't do that. I know you can't do that. Okay. Of course. I learned that I could puke from the game Watch My Dance. Mr. Wizard from Jersey. Very good. I learned today that Hitler had a mustache the size of Rhode Island. I learned that fat chicks are not funny even if they have big boobs. Syndication when Shatner can sing. I didn't know Hitler's head was hung down much more. I learned that the only listeners are allegedly into veggie sex. Syndication when the frozen asparagus melts. This is from Derek. I learned that Timmy and Dice have similar speech impediments. I learned that Stalker Patty used to be a patient at Willowbrook. It's Mark from Jersey. Let's see what else we got here. Today I learned that according to OP, it's okay to bring your kids to a wow sticker stop as long as they're over 10. Good one, Lion. One from Yonkers. Mr. Wizard from Jersey. I learned not to cross in front of Anthony when the light is changing. Yeah, stay out of my way. All right. Couple here and then we got to get out of here. Berger, what's going on? Hey, guys. Yeah. I learned that Wendy got half a DVD player today. Syndication when that girl Barbara passes up a Twinkie. Thank you. Barbara was fun though. Paul, what's up? Hey, guys. What's up? I learned that the Diamond Exchange will never again advertise on the Open Anthony show. I don't know about that. They love us. They're out of control, guys. They've got a five-minute commercial today. All that stuff. All right, syndication when we could use a real name on the show. All right, thank you. Joe. Hey, everyone. How are you? Yeah, I learned that Milo Yambag is one damn good athlete. Yes, he is. Sure. Syndication when the Hot Fudge Show comes back on TV. All right. It's the Hot Fudge Show coming. You know that show right, Anthony? Yeah. It's the same. Yes. Of course. That's good. All right, later, man. Have a good time for me tomorrow. Hey, guys. Bye, Joe. You can't make it, huh? Yeah. All right, Joe. All right, bye. Bye. Let's go to JD. JD, what did you learn on the show today? I learned Springsteen showing up at the road show. He's going to do FBA. Yeah, they'll get some more people there. Yeah. Thank you, JD. Rolling Stones kicking off their new tour at our road show tomorrow. Tomorrow, Anthony. The Rolling Stones. I think we're done. Yeah. All right. Well, tomorrow's the big day. We're very excited. It's our summer kickoff party, Anthony. Yes. Next time you hear us, we'll be live from the South Beach Dance Club in Island Park. Doors open at 2, 21 or older, no cover charge. That's on Long Island, the South Beach Dance Club, 50 Broadway, Island Park. Directions on the WNAW website and also the foundrymusic.com website, which is the unofficial Opium Anthony website. Trust me, you go. You'll have fun. We have so much planned. It's not even funny at this point, OK? Yeah. So just get your ass down there tomorrow. It's going to be an event. Believe me. El Franco from Yorktown. I learned today, don't ever turn your radio off during a commercial. Yeah, that's for sure. You never know what's going to happen. All right, Rick, something for the... I'm cold. Hold on. One last thing to say about the road show. Rick! Yeah, guys. Yeah. Just confirmed? Yeah. Jimi Hendrix is coming out of the grave. Thank you, Rick. All right, sir. Oh, boy. OK. That was funny for five minutes. You can tell Rick's been working his ass off on the road show. All right, tomorrow, guys, South Beach Dance Club in Island Park, 50 Broadway, Island Park. Doors open at 2. Get there early, all right? Yes. All right, we'll see you guys tomorrow afternoon. What kind of show is this? It's like somebody pouring hot wax in your ears until your brain is completely numb. The O.B. and Anthony Show. 1027, WNEW. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. We're going to be back.