 OP and Anthony, 1027 WNEW. 212757 1027 is our phone number. Jeff's on the line real fast. Jeff, what do you got? Hey man, great joke. Hey, thanks. Hey, I got a joke. What do you call an Ethiopian with a yeast infection? Uh, what? Quarter pounder with cheese. Did we ask for Ethiopian jokes today? Huh? Very good. Thank you, Jeff. Alright, thanks man. Alright buddy, there he goes, Jeff. We're not going to be taking Ethiopian jokes all day, are we? Uh, no. I think that's the type of things they do on morning radio in the middle of Ohio or something. Hehehe, wacky. So Anthony, did you see Jay Moore on Politically Incorrect Friday? We finally got to see Jay Moore. Yeah, it was on Friday. No one knew when Jay was going to be on, so we all painfully watched Politically Incorrect every day last week. I watched it right up until when they announced who was going to be on. When I saw Jay wasn't going to be on, I tuned out because that show is a waste of time. Bill Maher is just a jerk off. He's just not a nice guy. He doesn't like anyone out staging him. Yeah. Doesn't like anyone that gets big laughs over him on the show. And he's horrible. He does that monologue at the beginning of the show. Well on Friday he did a monologue dressed as a gladiator. This thing was so freaking painful to watch. Yeah. It's not even funny. I mean you and I, we're off the cuff trying to be funny. We know there are a lot of times we just don't hit the mark. We understand that. But Bill Maher, you know, this is all written beforehand. Yeah. Doesn't he read the material and go, wait, this just isn't funny? I didn't even get half of the things he was trying to do. Was he trying to be John Rocker dressed as a gladiator? Like was that kind of the premise of the bid? I didn't even know. I don't know. And it was just awful, painful to sit through. It was horrible. And then he has this psycho babble. He doesn't know much about anything. No, and he's holier than now because whatever his opinion is, is the right opinion. Yeah. Like everyone else can add in their two cents on the panel, but his is the right opinion to have. The most important. Yes. What a tool. Jay saved that show. Oh, without a doubt. I was on Friday because, god damn, he was funny. Yeah. But you could tell Bill Maher wasn't happy that Jay was getting all the laps. No. But we have a couple of OK Terrific mentions from the show, Anthony. Yeah, Jay said he was going to do a few things on the show, reference this show, OK Terrifics. Well, the first one, I guess they were talking about condoms. Yeah. And Jay came up with something that was pretty funny where like, you know, no one's in a four-year condom relationship. Yeah, yeah. You know, after a few times using the condom you just go, oh, this chick's okay. Yeah, this chick's cool. You know? Yeah. Or she's from Minnesota. What can she possibly have? You know, Jay Moore, not a fan of condoms in general. So I guess we pick up the discussion in the middle of that and check out for the OK Terrific here. You talking about a good game, man. No, no, no. Let's keep it real. You said after the eight time, now let's keep it real. After you live with somebody, that's when you say, oh, she's cool. No. That's not what people are doing, no. He's right. People go, they use a condom. I don't think it's eight. I think it's once. It's three or four. I think it's like they use it once and they go, well, I wouldn't. And then when she walks in the bathroom, you see her ass going in the bathroom like, I don't have another condom, but look at that ass. You're like, okay, terrific. You got it, you know. Oh, it's like that, huh? Yeah, what's up? Hey, why? Why? I guess unless she's a black porn star named Velvet. Then you don't even wait one or two times. Then you don't need condoms whatsoever because she's obviously safe. Coolio had some chops to him. Coolio, keep it real. I would love to get Coolio on the show. Keep it real. He was funnier than Bill Maher. He's not even a comedian officially. Let's keep it real. No, when you live with somebody, it's like Coolio, but wait a minute, Coolio. That isn't the way it is. You know, Coolio is talking about the way maybe it should be. But that's not the way it is. People aren't using condoms. All right, and then the second, okay, terrific, which was the highlight of the whole show because it worked perfectly, Anthony. This is how you use okay, terrific in a sentence, okay? Let's go to the tape here. I mentioned in our last segment, in the womb premature babies, that stuff. Interesting, there's a big study that came out this week that said, you know, they've had technological advances in recent years that have allowed these preemie babies very premature, up to 14 weeks, to survive. And now they're finding that when they keep them alive by these heroic means, they grow up with incredible problems like cerebral palsy, autism, learning disabilities, blindness, deafness, you name it. And, you know, I just think that that's playing God. People say the other way, you know, that if you stop a life, that you're playing God. But aren't you also playing God if you enable a life that apparently, God never meant to happen? Well, if you go into labor, it's kind of meant to happen. No, I mean, if a woman goes into labor, it's coming out. But hold your applause. Don't all clap now, it'll screw up the time. Okay, terrific. Yeah, no, that's right, now, God wants to kill us, God will kill us. Okay, terrific. Oh, Bill Maher, what an idiot. Okay, terrific. Is it back playing God? If you were born premature, you weren't supposed to be here. What an idiot. I got two kids in my family that were born premature and they're perfectly healthy. Well, then Jay went into the whole thing of how he was born premature. Yeah, supposedly, Jay Moore, when he was born, like, his body could fit in his mom's hand. He was like a baby kangaroo when they're born and they have to crawl all hairless up into the pouch. They have to make the journey from the vag to the pouch. They're all looking blind, just crawling, looking for a teak. Looks like he was really premature. I think he said like two and a half months premature. It was ridiculous, premature, yeah. His lungs weren't working, he had pneumonia all the time. And there's Bill Maher saying that, you know, they shouldn't live. And I just flat out hate Bill Maher, hate him with a passion. I'd like to have hit him in that big wall forehead of his. He thinks he's the funniest guy on TV. Funny yet knowledgeable, L.B. He's so smart. Craig Kilborn's funnier than him and that's not saying much. I think Jay needs to get back to the NyQuil because he was shaking and twitching like a crackhead in Harlem. Well, let me tell you something. Let me tell you something. They caught the famous Jay Moore twitch on live TV. We see that in the studio all the time when he comes in to see us. All of a sudden he'll just do that on my face. Maybe that's the premature thing. Yeah, I don't know. He killed though Friday and it was great to see that. Funny. All right, let's move on to other stuff here. 212-757-1027. Don, what's going on? Hello. Hey, Don. I was at the Knicks game yesterday and Tom Brokaw was there. Yeah, Tom, a big Knicks fan I guess. We saw him when we went. I went to the one and only Knicks game I ever went to in my life. He was there with some young lady and she was following him out to the concourse area. Then they were following him back after about 20 minutes and he couldn't find his seat. He was like, so like... Where's my seat? Yeah. So you're trying to say that Tom Brokaw was drunk at the Knicks game. He looked good. No, that's just him. That's just Tom. He just gets woozy and working so hard. I'm going to go do some shooters. Hello, here's the Knicks game. Hey, give me another beer. Beer man, get your ass over here. I'm Tom Brokaw, here's the Knicks game. Hey, I'll chug with you. Come here. Holy crap, I'm snotted. This is just in. I'm drunk off my ass. I'm going to puke on Star Jones' head. He was sitting behind Star Jones when we went. Well, that's where his season tickets are. And he looked all trashed and everything. He just looked... I think that is just the way he looks. You know? He's got that drunken... Well, because he just works his ass off, man. You know? How about that Charlie Ward? Yeah, he saved the game yesterday, Mr. Brokaw. Saved the game? I was kind of dozing. You were dozing? I'm probably pushing it again. You had no idea that Charlie Ward was the hero of the Knicks game yesterday? Actually, I wouldn't even know who that is if you didn't write the name down. All right, well thank you, Don. We lost Don? Yeah. Knicks looked good yesterday. Ewing didn't really help us. Blah, blah, blah. Useless piece of crap. Tom, you all right? Hello. Tom, you all right? Yeah, I just scored some heroin. I was shooting up some H before the... All right, let's go to Bert. Hey, Bert, what's going on? Hello. Bert? Yeah. How are you? Hey, Anthony, how are you? Good. You're on the air, man. I was watching that film, Boss Show, and I noticed that that tight-butted, in-coster was looking at your boy up and down, especially when he said he was born... I was wondering if he'd be there after the show. Bert, I've got to ask, and don't take this personal. Is it your phone, or do you have a stuttering problem? It's a phone. Oh, okay. I couldn't tell. Part of me thought you might have a stuttering problem. I could. All right, so what were you saying? I wanted to know if your boy drilled Ann Coulter. Oh, you wanted to know if he drilled Ann Coulter? He was working those two chicks. He was totally working those two chicks. He was a tight-ass Republican Christian, and as soon as he told that he was a millionaire, he arrived lit up, man, so I was just wondering if he was... Yeah, he likes telling everybody he's a millionaire. Yeah, huh. All right, take care. I think he has a stutter, Opie. Yeah, when that one chick said that she had a gun, Jay was like, oh, you just got hotter. And then he turned to the other chick next, and was like, oh, you're hot, too. I know, he was trying to work both chicks at the same time. Completely working it. Hey, Brian, what's up? I think he told Coolio he was hot at one point. He never knows. Brian? How are you doing? Good. I just want to find out how I get in touch with that hit, Bill Maher, because of this comment. I was born with a congenital heart problem, 23 right now, and I got some problems, but I'm perfectly fine. I go to work every day. What, were you preemie? Yes. I had a couple of heart surgeries, and you know what, I'm fine. You're fine, and you're working, and contributing to society. He's just an idiot. Yeah, I wouldn't put too much into what he says. Don't even worry about it. He's trying to be controversial, I think. I don't know. Ann and I interviewed him in LA, and it was the lamest celebrity interview we ever did. That show should be off the air. We're like, hey, Bill, your show's called Politically Incorrect, you know? Who's your most politically incorrect guest you've ever had on the show? I don't want to talk about anything. I don't like talking about the people on the show. Politically incorrect, you shoot from the hit, Bill Maher, you'll say pretty much anything. You're not one to shy away from a subject. Who's the biggest a-hole in Hollywood? Who would you think is the biggest a-hole? What's this line of questions? What are you talking about? I'm not going to say anything. I'm not going to say anything about anybody. It's like your show's called Politically Incorrect. Don't think so much about yourself. Get off the shit. Yeah, probably because the answer was him. He couldn't say himself. All right, Brian. Thanks a lot, guys. Thank you. This was during the time when the OJ trial was going on, and he wouldn't even give us a, do you think OJ's innocent or guilty? Right, we asked everyone out there that question. And he's like, wow, you know, I think we all should wait for the... No, no, no. What do you think he'll be acquitted or found guilty? What do you think? What do you personally think? I'm not going to get into the whole thing. Oh, wow, you're real politically incorrect, aren't you? That Bill douche ass. That was scary when we were out in L.A. during that whole thing. Every single celebrity we asked that question. They would not. They refused to answer the question. They refused to answer the question, I think. Yeah, Paul, he didn't care. Oh, he's guilty. Guilty? Oh, bro, a guy who's guilty is sin, bro. It's obvious. He's a weep. So... Yeah, he was the only one that would actually fess up. But everybody else is so, well, I think we ought to wait for the jury. No, who cares what it's going to be? What do you think? We're all a bunch of friggin', like, pussies. We're just scaredy-cats. Say the wrong thing and what? You'll be blackballed? Don't worry. Please, Joe Piscopo still has somewhat of a career. If he does, he really got to commit career suicide. You got to say something about the blacks to get thrown out of show business. Please. Chris from Jersey went through a taping of Politically Incorrect Once, and the applause light is like the no-smoking light on an airplane. You'd think there'd be a time when it goes off, but it just doesn't happen. Damn things on all the time. I know, they're like trying to pump you up and everything. Let's go to Jennifer. What? Jennifer, what's going on? Wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold it, hold it. Oh, you're not playing by the rules. You're not playing by the rules. Did you talk to the police? I'm playing by the rules. Did you talk to our screener? Yes. And what did you say when he said, what's your name? He said nothing. What did you say when he said, what's your name? I said, no, my name's not Jennifer, it's Lisa. Listen, are you changing your name now? Yes. Okay. All Jennifers from now on will be known as Wendy. Okay, I'm Wendy. All right. So if you're Jennifer, your official name for the ONA show is Wendy. Okay, I'm Wendy. Hi, Wendy. How are you today? I was listening to a party morning. Wait, wait, wait. You've got to make believe your name's Wendy, so you've got to answer. Wendy? Hello, Wendy? I think we just lost Wendy. We lost her cell phone connection. She will not respond to that name. Our buddy Joe Lyons from Calming Central, you've given Bill Maher too much airtime already. Yeah. We just hate the guy. We hate this guy. We begged Jay Moore to just go at it with him on the show. I was pissed that Jay was supposed to be on like Tuesday and then Wednesday, and we were saying like Jay's going to be on, and it gave the show publicity. For like two days, you had to sit through his doping monologue before you realized who was going to be on. Yeah. Ugh, a monologue. Speaking of Calming Central, someone came up with something really, really funny. I want to read this. It's from Vinnie from Rosedale. He writes in an email, I'm starting to see similarities between the Opie and Anthony show and South Park. Try and see if you guys can catch on. All right? So each character of our show is very similar to a character from South Park, Anthony. Opie is Kyle. He learns something new every day, the reasonable one of the group, and is always trying to help his best friend Anthony stand out of any situation but ends up in more trouble. Case in point, the IRS, $19,000 she owes him. Anthony S. Stan. He's always throwing up at the sight of a certain woman. Let's call her Wendy. Since that is a name we could use on the air, very good. Psycho Mark is Cartman. Always has to be the center of attention, loud, mugs for the camera whenever he can. Thank you, Noah. Hooray, Jesus. Stinky is Pip, always getting in the way. J. Moore is Mr. Garrison and Mr. Hat. You never know which way he's going. Loves to blurt out other names for penises and vaginas. Penises, vaginas, butt-secks. Spaz, Timmy, enough said. Timmy! Let me out, let me out, Timmy! Dice is Chef, where all the words of wisdom come from. Jim Brewer is Mr. Mackey, Anthony. Everyone knows Mackey has to be a closet stoner. That's good. And then Rick, Rick is Jimbo. He overreacts to everything and isn't used enough on the show. Rick doesn't overreact? No, never. And then that leaves just one person. Because there is something happening. Earl is Kenny, Anthony. You can never understand Earl on a cell phone. And you guys are about to kill him off. Very good. Hey, we're still not allowed to talk about the situation? Vinnie from Rosedale. Rick? I thought it was all out in the clear. The listeners probably, I mean, I've gotten emails and phone calls. Oh, here's how it goes. You know, remember that, Earl? Remember about how long ago is that now? Two weeks? Let's take a break and we'll get something out of Rick. Yeah, let's see if we can get through this without any outbursts or flying crows. Is there a bathroom stalled doors or anything? I can't believe this. Somebody actually asked on the New York Radio message board if they had Opie's address on Long Island. Un-f'ing-believable. That's great. When are you moving? Soon. Are you? Yeah, to be honest with you. Out of the tree house. I've got to figure something out. The tree fort. Opie's house is like a tree fort. You ever go to Disney and go to the Swiss Family Robinson tree house? That's what I'm living in. And you're walking up the stairs. It's like wacky. All you need is mirrors and that's a fun house. I live in the house of the seven gables. Yeah, there's one part of the house where you walk up stairs to go to this room and you have to walk over a little bridge. It's like a stair bridge. There's no apparent reason. And then you're back downstairs and then you walk to the left and there's a room. I think Midgets... Yeah, I think Midgets used to live in my apartment. It's like some kind of wacky, wacky layout in there. All right, wait, this girl dated Bill Maher. Really? Laurie, what's up? Hi, how are you? Real good. I've got to tell you something. I've heard you guys a couple of times. I just moved Jeanette back to New York. He's such a dick. I'm sorry, but I couldn't take it any longer. Bill Maher? Yeah, oh, Beth. And he has these, I guess. Do you think he produces the right material about people being born prematurely? Yeah. I was born prematurely and you know what? I think he was, severely. Now you're saying you went out with Bill Maher? I went out with him four times. Four times? Yeah, contaker. Where, out in California? Yep. What, did he like date you and stuff? Well, yeah. Oh, yeah. Hey, Laurie, Bill Maher here. Do you want to go out tonight? I'm having flashbacks, they're bad. I think we'll go to Spago. We've got a table over there at Spago. We could go. He was very good friends with Wolfgang, you know. Yes, Wolfgang talked. It's going to be great. I'll have him cook a special meal for you. And then you could hob the Bill Maher knob, if you would, please. No, no, you don't do that. Was there any sex? No. No sex? No, would you? You went out with Bill Maher four times and didn't have sex? No. I hear he likes just banging broads. Yeah, he does. Yeah? Yeah, but you know, he's a little curricular guy. Oh, really? Yeah. Hmm, interesting. All right, Laurie. Well, thank you. You're welcome. Well, there goes Laurie. You guys have a really cool show. Keep it up. We're trying. Thank you. Thank you. All right, we've got to take a break. We'll see if Rick wants to talk about the situation. I know, we'll get to... All right, hold on. God damn it, we've got to take a break, though. Jerry, what's going on? Jerry! Yes? You're on the air. We've got to make it fast. What's up? Yeah, I got myself a dress stamp envelope back for the Wow stickers. Yeah. They're invisible. Who packed them? The invisible man? What, you got an empty envelope back? Wait, you've got an invisible man? You got it. You got an empty envelope? I got an empty envelope. I thought it was a man. Those are the special edition. Because they have about 12 of them. Invisible Wow stickers. That's it. You did it. You got them. The invisible man. Oh, that's funny. Wow, that sucks. Yeah, it does. I have to go through this whole process again. Send another envelope and everything. Yeah, send another envelope. We'll make sure you get your sticker. All right, Jerry? Okay. How hard could it be to put a Wow sticker in a self-addressed stamp envelope? That's how Earl's making up for lost time. Some of the envelopes he just opens and sends them. All right, Jerry? Okay. I thought it was a man. Because he had about 12 of them from my friends. I didn't get nothing back. All right, send something. We'll send it back out. Okay, thank you. Thank you, Jerry. All right. Speaking of Wow stickers, we're doing another Wow sticker stop today, Anthony? Yeah. We will be at the Staten Island Ferry. Oh, that's going to be a long scene. Yeah, Staten Island Ferry. If you're on your way home, you're going to be at the Staten Island Ferry. I'm going to be at the Staten Island Ferry. All right. I'm going to be at the Staten Island Ferry. All right. I'm going to be at the Staten Island Ferry. All right. All right. All right. All right. Anthony? Yeah? We will be at the Staten Island Ferry. Oh, that's going to be a long scene. Oh, yeah? Yeah, Staten Island Ferry. If you're on your way home and you're taking the ferry tonight, make sure you get your Wow stickers, okay? Yeah. Earl and who? Invisible Man. Oh, and the Invisible Man. The Invisible Man. We'll be there at 4.30. Cool. Obviously, on the Manhattan side. Staten Island Ferry, Manhattan side, 4.30, if you want to get your Wow stickers, okay? All right. Quick break. We'll be back. Hey, New York. This is Vince McMahon of the WWF, and you're listening to the greatest tag team in radio. OP and Anthony on 1027 WNEW. Anthony, Rockaway Bedding. Yeah, I got a Rockaway Bedding bed. You going to get hooked up? Yes, I'm going to get one very soon. Seems like you had a good experience with Rockaway Bedding. I'm going to follow your lead and have them take my old mattress out. Yeah. Get rid of it and give me a brand new one. I just sit there and watch them do the whole process, right? They will do that. I went to one of their fine stores in Brooklyn, OP. They have 140 stores throughout New York and New Jersey. I picked out one of their brand name mattresses. I got the Stearns and Foster, king size. They delivered it, set up the free steel bed frame, set up the entire bed. It was perfect. Everything but the sheets was wonderful. And yeah, took care of the old bedding, so you didn't have to worry about that. Yeah, you can buy anything there. You need a headboard, metal beds, futons, daybeds, electric beds, bunk beds, anything you need to sleep at any Rockaway Bedding store. So what you do, you just go there, try out your bed, pick one out and that's it. They do the rest. And they got prices up to 65% below department store prices, Anthony. You can shop in one of Rockaway Bedding's area stores or give them a call. 1-800-TRY-A-BED. That's 1-800-TRY-A-BED. If J. Moore and Anthony sleep on a new mattress from Rockaway Bedding. Two separate mattresses. Yeah, whatever. So should you. 1-800-TRY-A-BED. Call system is gone, over. Until you have any self-respect, aren't you embarrassed to yourself, to your family? Open the air vents today. You inhuman slime! 1027-WNEW. 212757, 1027 is our phone line. Rick ran out of the studio, Ant. Where'd he go? I don't know, we got to confront him about the situation. Absolutely. It's been a couple weeks now. Let's see if he gets his ass back in the studio. Mike, what's going on? Yo, yo. How are you, Mike? What's happening, fellas? What's going on? Hey, listen, Anthony, I caught Adam Ferrara Saturday night. I had a governance. Yeah. Well, what, you mean? You said you were going to meet the 8 o'clock, right? Yeah, I was. You were there? Yeah. I was looking around for you. I was in the back. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Oh, yeah, you were hiding, huh? Did you hand the plunger up to him? Somebody did. Yeah, that was hilarious. Hey, listen, you guys remember me? I went and handed out flyers when you guys first came to New York. Of course I remember you. Oh, yeah. I mean, you know, I've been throwing tremendously since then. I can't even get through anymore. I don't know. I think the phones are all screwed up today because there's like ten lines that aren't ringing. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Well, I know when I was down there, you didn't have no broads on the couch. You know what I mean? No, we've worked on the show a little bit since you started listening. That's what's going on. Big time. Big time. You know what he was even calling when I went on. I mean, to be honest, you know what I mean? No, you're right. I mean, when we first got here, people just called in for requests. That's right. You know, and that drunk woman that hated you. Oh, yeah. That's still one of my faves. All right, fellas. Good talking to you, man. Good luck. Thank you, Mike. All right. Bye. Let's go to Eddie. Eddie, you're next on any W. How are you? All right. What's going on? Good. I just received my, I thought it would be Wow stickers in the mail. Yeah, you sent a self-addressed stamped envelope and Earl sent you a Wow sticker back. Great. No, I got somebody else's self-stamped envelope with no Wow sticker, but I sent his. I didn't open his. I just sent his one long. Oh, my God. I mean, what? I know how to kill off black girl. Wow. I'm a fellow. Send a little bomb and let it explode. No, no, no, no. I'm only kidding. I'm only kidding. All right. That's right. Send this crazy. Yes. Send in another self-addressed stamped envelope and see what happens. All right. Right. This time you get make sure you put one in. Yeah. You can write that attention, Dick. Whatever. All right. I love you guys. You're great. God damn. That is the cheapest phone I've ever heard. God. Little high-end a little bit. Andrew. Hey, what's up? Oh, and hey, what's going on? How are you? All right. This happened twice to me now with black girl. What happened? Not once. I sent the first time and I got the same one with no sticker. The second time I sent two and I got two of them back with nothing. So he sent back empty envelopes to you as well? Twice. Not once, but twice. Oh. All right, Andrew. Thank you. I think a certain amount. He's just like, just throwing them back in the middle and back in. All right. Now everyone's just complaining about their stickers not being sent to them. Great. Well, if you want to try to get a WOW sticker, self-address stamped envelope, WNEW, 888 7th Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, New York, 10106. Just write attention WOW sticker or whatever on there, okay? Right. That address is on the unofficial Opium Anthony website and the WNEW website. Okay. Everyone's just bitching about not getting their stickers. Did you guys check out Brittany on MTV this weekend? The new look. She looks like a crack whore. So dirty, so doable. And what's up with those fags in the audience screaming like little girls? Brittany was all over the tube this past weekend, Saturday Night Live. MTV's doing all sorts of things. Yeah. I'm digging her new look. Is it a new look? Yeah. She cut her hair a little bit shoulder-length. Uh-huh. God, they want us to want her. Wow, that's... And I hate them for it. I absolutely hate them for it. Well, you're a little smitten with her. I think everybody is. Did you see her on SNL? She looked great. Yeah. She looked great. You're not into the Britney Spears hit? Um, yeah, you know, she's hot. But I mean, the music. Can you get past that? The whole image and everything? I don't watch her for the music. I want her to totally dirty herself up. I watch her for the cleavage shots, the mid-trift. What is she saying about the lip-syncing? Oh, the delay on the screen above me. So if you listen to the music and watch the screen, they don't sync up. You ever go to a show and you watch the big Jumbotron behind the artist, and if you're sitting toward the back, the sound from the stage takes a little longer for you to get there. It's like watching the carpenter banging the nail with the hammer from a distance and makes a sound when he's pulling the hammer up. Yeah, that's a little weird. Yeah, and she's saying that's what it is? Uh-huh. Yeah, sure. Well, you think she's lip-syncing? I think so. I could care less. As long as she looks good. Why, are you planning on going to a Britney show? I would definitely stalk Britney Spears and stalk her and do some hard time. Yeah. I don't know. She's going to be on TRL tomorrow, I believe. Can... And of course, yeah, playing Jones Beach June 27th through the 30th. Can anyone say overexposure? She's getting there, sure. Let's enjoy it, though. Okay. And then she gets overexposed, and then she's going to have to jump-start a career, and she's going to have to get like the Mariah Carey breast implants or pose naked in Playboy. It's all coming. She won't do that until we don't want to see her in Playboy. What the hell happened to Mariah Carey? Mariah Carey is doing everything now to try to get attention away from all these young Britney Spears singers. It's... Mariah Carey's new video, she has her big sloppy breast implants. She might as well be naked. She's dancing around some kind of penthouse suite or something. They're just like, whoa, from side to side and stuff. Oh, just sloppy, messy. She's a... Like a mournful, like a whore. Now you got like Christina Aguilera and Britney, all the new young whores for the new millennium. Mariah's going to be in Penthouse. You think? She's not even going to make the cut for Playboy. Nah. She's going to be in Penthouse. And she wants to be... Doing a pee spread? Oh, she wants to be in those magazines. You can just tell. Swank. Swank? Yeah, being like Swank or Cherry. Biggums? She's going to be in Biggums. She couldn't be in that one. No? You're not big enough. What was that? Christina Aguilera wrecked our prom. Teen pop star Christina Aguilera, seniors at Augusta Georgia High School were delighted when one of their students won a contest to bring Christina to their prom. They always do those wacky things like that with these little poppet stars. But when the Genie in the Bottle star showed up, she acted like a full blown diva, ruining the entire gala. She performed only two songs, ordered a flunky into the crowd to remove any CDs of archrival Britney Spears, and virtually ignored Colin Shapiro, the youngster who won the contest. What's she supposed to do? Hob his knob in the limo? Well yeah, if you agree to go to the prom with the guy, you gotta make an effort. Christina was rude, crude, selfish, and disrespectful. Baebae Ballas, who helped out at the prom, said, Huh, well what the hell do they expect? I think she should have made an effort. I could not have been. It's no big deal if she hobbed his knob in the limo. It was clear that the prom was the last place Christina wanted to be. While getting ready she kept hissing, I can't believe I'm going through with this. I can't go out there. You sure this wasn't part of a wacky radio promotion? It probably was. This is like something the old management would have got us involved with. Bring Opiate Anthony to your prom! To your prom! Ho ho! Win the chance! Christina, her road manager, had a huge fight over whether she'd do two or three songs. She gave strict orders. If the DJ plays a Britney Spears song, I'm out of here. Boy, they hate each other, huh? That'd be a great one. I think Aguilera hates Britney. Britney's much more successful than Aguilera. She was so busy complaining she was 45 minutes late to the stage. A prom guest fumed. After her ridiculously short performance, Christina was ushered to an interview area to meet with Colin. He gave Christina a rose, but she barely remembered this poor guy who was supposed to be her prom date. She said, oh, you're the kid who won the contest, handed him one of her CDs and moved on. The whole visit amounted to two quick songs and a cloud of dust. Christina may be a big star, but she's a real zero in Augusta. Well, come on. It's one of those dopey promotion things. She shows up, but if you're going to agree to do something like that, you've got to play it out. You see this dopey kid. I can't believe I'm going to the prom with Christina Aguilera. He's got all these images in his head the night before. Without a doubt. I'm going to be in the prom. What's my move? I'm going to give her a single rose, and all of a sudden we're going to talk, and she's really going to be into me. We're going to last after this prom, and then we're going to drive home, and how am I going to make the move for the kiss? You're like, he's working it all out, and she just hands him a CD and leaves. You're the guy that won the contest. I picture how many times do you think he spanked it to the thought of him in the limo just pounding her. Just plowing her. Probably had bets with all his friends. Dude, what do you think? What are my chances? She needs me. She needs me. Little Colin. Colin Shapiro. Oi. Oi, Zay. I'm going out with Christina Aguilera. I'm going to wear my dress yarmulke. Yeah, maybe a little futseg. That's what these things are, though. They're those dopey promotional things that the companies hook up, a radio station or a record company, and they even honestly want to do this? You think Christina Aguilera wanted to spend a night at a prom, a high school prom? Then she should have said no. With Colin Shapiro? Well, a lot of these people can't say yes or no to things. They're roped in for a year or two. Christina? Hello, Christina. It's your new promotions guy. I want you to appear in front of the giant black clock. There's a free satellite dish in it for you. I got one for free. I run it like any other guy. When our old promotion guy sent us to a Super Bowl party, Anthony, we played it out. Yeah, we did, though. But, you know. We didn't stay there for five minutes, have a beer and leave. We realized it was a really stupid promotion, but we said yes, so we worked it. We ended up having a good time. I hear the picture. Let's see. Contest winner Colin Shapiro got the cold shoulder from Christina. Look at her. She's wearing... It's a prom and she's still got the belly shirt thing on. Look at her. Imagine that. She shows up. Look at the picture. I see that. She shows up and this guy's like, oh, man, I'm going to school. She's wearing the belly shirt just for me. Yeah. Christina, could you go out to the limit? You think you tried pulling something like that? Christina, do you want to go out to the limo for just a little bit? I really got to tell you. Oh, Colin, no, I can't. No, my manager told me to stop just trying to blow off and he's trying everything. Christina, I got some good pot. Can I pin the corsage on you? Here, let me put it on your chest. Oh, sorry. I caught the feel of Christina. Yeah, you want to smoke some pot? Yeah. Let's fight the punch. Christina, if we could go outside just for a minute. Christina? What are we going to do about this? Christina, look what I did to you again. Again. That's what those things are. What do they expect? Anthony, what does a girl want? Um... Pain is it. Pain is it. But is it. But is it. That's right. I was supposed to go out with her. I'm Colin Shapiro, damn it. Christina showed up and blew me off, well not in a good way. She just gave me a CD and left. I bought her a lovely corsage. I'm Colin Shapiro. I shined my shoes and wore my brand new glasses. She wore the belly shirt and I thought I was getting laid. She gave me VD. I know it. I got the crabs from her. And I'm itching. And I got genital warts. I even spanked out a batch before the prom so I'd last longer. Cause two pumps and I'm done. Now my yam bag is all itchy and rashy. She's a hot tamale. She wouldn't put out. I shaved my yam bag for her. I made it all smooth. And have a hair on it. Looks like a nine year old, like a clam shell. Like a Pidou oven stuffer. I was just fantasizing about putting a map of Guam on her belly. And she totally didn't pay attention to me. I'm Colin Shapiro. The contest winner. Show me that balloon knot. Yeah, I had all my lines set up. Like, here's your corsage sweetie. And here's a rose. And suck it baby. Everything pre-planned. The whore. Genie, rub my bottle. I got a bottle. Whore bag. Get a genie in my pants. And a rash from you. Where's Britney? Most likely to dance with the pole. Britney Spears or Aguilera? I don't know. This is almost shaping up to be one of those Debbie Gibson Tiffany battles. Where one will kind of have a career that will go on a couple of years longer than the other. Who really won that one? Well, you know, in the long run neither emerged victorious. But at the time, it was definitely Debbie Gibson that won. Because I think Tiffany was back in the malls but working, you know, at a gap or something. After like a month. An orange Julius. Yeah. Hey, weren't you Tiffany? Shut up, shut up. What do you want, large? Yeah, large like your ass. What happened? Did you see that Whatever Happened To show? Yeah. And they had Tiffany on there. I was like, oof. She was cute for five minutes. You know she just had that fiery red batch. Looked like she was perpetually on the rag. Come on, come on. Hey, Jeff, what's going on? Hey guys. I found out according to her website that the guy who didn't want to be with her, the guy who was acting like a... Oh, please. Any one of us would bang a teen slut. It's either that the website is lying or he's gay. I don't know. That's a crack of crap. You're 17, 18 going to your prom with like a Christina Aguilera. You want action. Definitely. You definitely want action. Look at this guy. He's in his little tuxedo or little suit. He's got Christina Aguilera in front of him. What, you think he's just going to say in a belly shirt? I didn't want her. And we all know she goes. You can just tell she goes. Unless there's something wrong with him, then yeah, he would. She went out with like Fred Durst. You know she goes. Please. He does it all for the nookie. The nookie. Hey, Aunt. That cookie's like a chocolate chip now. Hey, Aunt, what... Eating it in rag and melted. Hey, Aunt, what does a girl want? Huh? What does a girl want? Half. Alright, Jeff. Alright, syndication now. Yeah, sure. Jeff, what's going on? Yeah, how you guys doing? Good. I don't like you guys making fun of this Ronald Shapiro character, to tell you the truth. What, Colin Shapiro? Yeah, you guys... Colin Shapiro! Shapiro? To you, dammit. She gave me genital warts and I had them burnt off with a laser. Oh, it's tearing the ass out of me. I'm dying over here. That's crazy, yo. I was very injured at my prom. She injured me. She kicked me in my yam bag when I went to Copperfield. After Fred Dirsad, I don't think he left anything for us. Yeah, I think I can kick your ass. If something tells me Fred Dirsad leaves... He's one of those scorched earth policy guys. You know, where you move on, you don't leave anything for the enemy. You just burn it and move on. Yeah, absolutely. Butt sex. Butt sex. Fred Dirsad is like the locust. You know, just sleeps in, there's nothing left but dried up stalks burning in the sun. Just tattoos her badge. Fred Dirsad is here. Oh my God. We gotta do a remix here. Until he gets into the nookie part here. Yeah, Fred Dirsad having sex with Christine Aguilera. Here we go. Get ready. Butt sex. Butt sex. Butt sex. Butt sex. Hope you like them all by and large. Please. Christine Aguilera is a type of girl, this is from Scissor. Type of girl you want to get a hummer from and then once finished... Punch her in the head. Oh my God. Alright. Butt sex. Yes. Uh oh. No, I like that Fred Dirsad but I think he's a little too rough on the women. You think Mike? Mike Tyson, everyone. Yeah, that's a little, you know, I like a little foreplay myself. Yeah. You know, a little bit of the rice and laughs to the vulva and uterus. But that man is out of control. I like that Christine Aguilera. You do? I would like to date her. Yeah? Yeah, I take my big boot and stick it on her rectum and turn it around. I do like a pirouette in her butt. And then of course I would go with the usual beating of her breasts and then punch her in her face. And you know that belly that's always exposed? Yeah. That thing would look like a skating rink when I was done with it. I and Mike would unleash a skating rink. And I like to finish it up with a tender moment with the girl after I'm through. Right before she slips into unconsciousness, I beat her over the head with a spade shovel. That's how they leave knowing that it was with I and Mike Tyson. What the heck? Jesus, man. Was she really with Fred Durst? Fred Durst says no, I believe. A lot of rumors. Carson? Supposedly Carson got his knob hobbed. When is the devil supposed to come up and take Carson's soul? Is that happening sometime in the next few years? I don't know. When did he ink that deal in blood? He's a star. He's a star, he's a star, Anthony. Getting all the hot women in Hollywood. I think he T.F.ed her. Jennifer Love Hewitt? Are you jealous? There was a time you liked her. Yeah. But you know, you've got to look at every ad that was out for that I Know What You Did Last Summer movie. They just showed her breasts. And Carson, you know, to be able to walk around New York and see those poses and just go, Yeah, I T.F.ed that. I T.F.ed those. You know? Again! Look what I did to you again! I'm sploogin' over here now! All right, we've got to take a break. Again? Yeah. Again, we haven't broken like 40 minutes here. We talked about Christina Aguilera today, Britney Spears. Christina, a Hitler mustache? Triangle. Mohawk, wood floor. What do you think? She is wood floor all the way. Britney Spears, very innocent, well-groomed triangle. You think? Oh, yeah. Only in Hollywood can you have somebody else do everything for you. Even adjust your bra. Jennifer Love Hewitt gets a realignment while filming the movie Breakers at a downtown L.A. gas station. Yeah, look at that. Some chick is like tightening up her bra. She's got her shirt pulled up. How big do you have to be to get a realignment of your bra? Look at that belly on that chick. She could take two or three punches before she pukes, I bet you. All right, now we've got to regroup. If you're heading to the Staten Island Ferry, we're going to be there today, giving out the brand new Wow stickers. Earl and the Invisible Man will be there at 4.30 on the Manhattan side. So pick up your Wow stickers, Staten Island Ferry, starting at 4.30. I hope Earl left already. All right, now let's take a break. We'll be back. What's funny is a sinking school bus. I have a strong stomach. You guys made me bloat some snot. The grossest thing I've ever heard in my life. O&A, my two new favorite hordes. You guys are really horrible. Hopefully you have them today. What a couple of asswipes. 1027. WNEW. All right, Anthony, one of these days we'll have it all figured out around here. We've been announcing for the last two hours that we're doing a Wow sticker stop for the Staten Island Ferry. On the Manhattan side. He said that Earl and the Invisible Man would be there at 4.30. And what's up? Well, as we take a break there, I walked into the hallway and bumped into Earl. What? He hasn't left yet. They've only been talking about this for the last two hours. What's going on? Is he leaving now, Rick? He said he... He's frustrated just having to think about the conversation with Earl. Go ahead. He talked about saying how he was thinking of leaving at 3.30, but then was told by someone to wait till people start leaving work. And he should probably leave about 4.45, but he wasn't sure what he should do. So why wouldn't he ask someone from our show? Because it's all about our radio show. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to do. And why would he leave at 4.45? Midtown is a complete nightmare at 4.45. He wouldn't get there. And what else is he doing that he can't just leave at 2.30 and then hang out there all day? Like leaving in the heat of rush hour. So, I don't know. Screw it. If you're going to be on the Staten Island ferry, you might get a wow sticker. Why bother? Why even bother trying to do stuff? No one communicates with anyone. We're announcing for two hours that he's going to be there at 4.30. I walk in the hallway. He's hanging out. He's hanging out. And then he gets pissed when we ride him. Goes and cries and hides and stuff. Hides in the stairwell. Hides in the stairwell. Stairs off bathroom stall doors. Oh, wait, no. That was Rick. Sorry. So, I don't know. Staten Island ferry, Manhattan side. Eventually, Earl will get his ass down there with the brand new wow stickers, okay? Eventually. And I'm sure we can all look forward to another great phone call from Earl from the road. From the crappy phone? With the distorted cell phone that we've been talking about for three, four weeks, but no one has done anything about that either. We've even had people from companies that want to help out. Offer free cell phone to Earl. I think the problem is Earl. I think he doesn't know how to use a cell phone. He yells into it. He screams into it and he has a right of defense as well. I don't know what he's talking about. He's too old for Earl. What? What, Earl? So, lots of stuff to look forward to today. Another horrendous, horrendous call from Earl. Earl is still... We've got to kill him. What are you leaving? Earl, what are you doing here still? He's in the hallway. What are you doing here? I'm waiting for Mark. You're waiting for Mark? Morpheus, how the hell are you going to get down there in 20 minutes? How long is it going to take you to get there, Earl? Take the West Side Highway down. Take the West Side Highway down. So you'll be there by five now? You don't know. I've been waiting for an hour. I'm sorry. What have you been doing? What have you been doing? Sending out wow mail. You've been sending out the wow mail. Here he is. Supposed to be somewhere else. But he's here. Earl, you've been doing the wow mail, right? I just got to ask this. And this is not even going to... I'm not trying to bust on you, okay? Just answer honestly. You've been doing the wow mail, right? Everyone's sending their self-addressed envelopes for the wow stickers, okay? Yes. Have you been listening to the show while doing that? Yes, I have. How many times did you hear us say that you're going to be at the Staten Island Ferry at 430? To which I... at 3 o'clock... No, no, no. Answer the question. Did you or did you not hear us say, Hey, Earl's going to be at the Staten Island Ferry at 430? I heard it a couple of times. So why wouldn't you come in and say, Look, guys, you're saying 430, but I haven't even left yet, and I was told to go later. Why wouldn't you like at least work it out to see what the hell's going on? I heard Rick that we were going to be later. People are waiting there now for you. They're waiting there for you, Earl. It's the biggest part of their day to meet Earl and the Invisible Man and get the wow sticker. Seriously. If you're listening to the show and you hear us say that you, the person listening to the show, is going to be somewhere at 430, and you know because you're the person that you're not going to be there at 430, why don't you talk to someone about it? I did talk to somebody about it. Who? You! Just now! Just now when I saw you in the hallway and you're arguing instead of getting the bad man going. I'm going. And Earl, Earl, Earl, Earl, Earl, Earl, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Earl! Earl! Earl! Alright, listen, when you use the cell phone, don't yell into it. Don't yell into the phone. He's going. Oh my God. Oh my God. I just asked him. Is Psycho Mark going with him? I don't know. He's saying 330? That's the fastest 40 minutes I've ever seen in my life because when you said, hey, hey Rick, Earl's still here, and I'm like, oh, I'm like, Earl, what are you still doing here? Our 330 conversation. Didn't that just happen during the last pop right? Yes, of course it did. So they ended at 330. That's a lie. Oh my God. Oh. Jesus. He'll be there by 6. He won't get there. Be fair, guys. Earl probably wasn't paying attention to the show. He was very busy mailing out empty envelopes. There are people waiting at the Staten Island Ferry. I want Earl's job. I want Earl's job. I want Earl's job. I want Earl's job. I want Earl's job. I want Earl's job. I want Earl's job. I want Earl's job. I want Earl's job. I want Earl's job. I want Earl's job. I want Earl's job. I want Earl's job. Just fire Earl. We've got to write him off the show. Send Earl to a Latino neighborhood. The invisible man that's just in from Frank, the invisible man, is at the Staten Island Ferry and yes, he is handing out the invisible wow stickers. Oh, cool. With the invisible man and the invisible man. Nobody's there. Anyway, like you said, he's listening to the show. He hears that he's supposed to be somewhere at 430. It's now 10 after 4. He's got to get down to the Staten Island Ferry. Not only that. In 20 minutes. Not only that, but where's the van? Downstairs. Downstairs. That alone takes 20 minutes just to get the van out of the parking garage. Exactly. Yeah. What, Ben? What? You got a microphone in front of you? No, he asked him what the hell he's doing. He's going to go, oh, oh, oh. And then he gets mad at us. He said he didn't know what time he was supposed to go. That's what he told me. All right. Well, Staten Island Ferry eventually with Earl and Psycho Mark on the Manhattan side handing out the wow stickers. Can't wait for the call in there. The call in. We'll take place. We look forward to it every day. We ought to make sure we remember where those are taped. So we tape Earl's phone calls and send them in because we might get an award for that. Best remote phone call. Best remote broadcast. Yeah, we may maybe get another Air Award. Yeah, we'll send it into the Air Awards. We should do that. Earl's on the spot reporting. On the spot reporting. All right. Bob, what's going on? And Earl Douglas from WNEW's Opie and Anthony Show against all the people from WINS that like go to fires and do broadcast live. I'm here at the scene of the high rise fire. No, Earl will win. And here's Earl's submission. I'm here at the last stop. Can't call you. And Earl's calling in. I don't know why. He just left the studio. Earl, where are you? I'm over here now. Okay, very good. He's over here now. Help me. Help me. Help me. Somebody help me. Help me. Help me. Yes, Ben. I've been informed that Earl's real reason he has left is because Mark is running light and it's Mark's fault. I'm told. Ah, yes. Of course. Always someone else's fault around here. Pass the buck. Earl, what's the problem? Stop that. All right, Earl, a little pissed off. Oh, no, no. He's desperate. Do what he says. Do what he says. Earl. What do you want on this wall? There's somebody where I'm talking to somebody that's at the Staten Island ferry right now. Did you get a sticker? I got it from a Negro. Oh, maybe he is down there. Where did you get it? I got it from a Negro. Hey, who's on the line? I'm seeing him. Hey, Bob, what's going on? Hey, Anthony and Prash. On CNN right now, they're talking about having a press conference about Bobby Knight. Yeah, he's going to keep his job. You sure? Positive. They announced that earlier. It slipped out. Why? What are they saying on ESPN? Well, they're just kind of going a big long route, long about route, saying that they actually have the videotape of Neil Reed. I'm just waiting for the final conclusion. We were watching before the show today, and it leaked out. One of his assistant coaches said something to someone and said that Bobby Knight is going to keep his job. Well, I guess we'll find out in a few minutes. Yeah, no, they said okay, that he's going to keep his job, but he's going to be under firm guidelines on sanctions. Oh, yeah, right. Whatever. Now he's going to keep his job. No, you know, more entertaining basketball. All right, Bob, thank you. Okay, bye. We should play some of our Bobby Knight clips. Keeping his job. He is keeping his job. It's official, right? Under, just what the guy said. Under what? Specific guidelines. Under specific guidelines? It's a slap on the wrist. They don't have the balls to fire him. They'll take a chair upside their head or something. Or take some duty and shove it in their face. He's a mad man. We got some great Bobby Knight clips, Anthony. Yeah. A few new ones. I collect Bobby Knight clips at this point. I see. Trade them with your friends. We'll play the best one last year, but let's start with Bobby Knight talking about fat officials. Fat officials. Fat officials? Yeah. He has a problem with fat college officials. You know, we've got more fat ass officials in college basketball with pants that are two sizes too small for them. I mean, they look like they're almost reformed prostitutes trying to make a comeback with how tight their pants are. It's amazing. You know, you see this big fat ass guy out there and you want to say, what are you wearing 36s for? God, why don't you get a pair of 42s? What could possibly start him on that tirade? He really is the best. He is the best. That's pretty funny. He's looking at the officials. Fat ass officials? You think he's checking out their asses and stuff with the tight pants? Well, you know, the fat officials must really love them. Yeah, look at the yam bags in the front of their pants. Boy, way to get the officials on your side, huh? Yeah. Here's another Bobby Knight clip. My time on earth is gone and my activities here are past. I want they bury me upside down and my critics can kiss my ass. Whoa. Wait, he's got some issues. Oh yeah, he does. Why is he so angry? Is there anybody who knows? He's obviously not getting laid. Now, if you're getting laid and hummers and stuff, you're just not that angry. I guess. You're not getting it. You get angry. This clip, someone asked him about being a time bomb. He's all over the place with his answer here. Is Bob Knight potentially a time bomb like Woody Hays? Well, I think everybody is. I think there are circumstances that could develop surrounding any human being that would set that human being off in an abnormal way. I think that we all hope that when such a situation would arise that we can control our emotions or we can react to the circumstances in such a way that doesn't put either that person or people surrounding him in any kind of a highly embarrassing or difficult situation. What? Huh? What? I have no idea what he said there. Why would they? See, I don't know much about basketball, especially college basketball. Why were they thinking about firing him? Because of all the allegations coming out. They got a video of him choking one of his players. Choking one of his players? We got the hidden audio from the locker room we're about to play here. How come a player can choke the coach and keep his career, but a coach if he chokes a player, it's a bad thing. Wow, look at you. Oh, no, I remember that one. I always remember the chokings that go on in basketball. Up close with Anthony. Yes. On ESPN. Who cares? Whatever. I just want him in the game because he's too entertaining. He's too colorful. He is funny. And here's our famous Bobby Knight clip. It's all over the Internet. It's hidden audio from, I guess his team lost again in the locker room and he just lost it. Check this out. What a boy that I'm getting the f*** out of here. I mean, if you're not going to recover great grand, if you're just going to let him drive by you, if the rest of you are going to let him drive by you, you're going to be the one who's going to get the f*** out of here. I'm sick and tired of an 8 to 10 record. I'm tired of losing to Purdue. I'm not here to f*** around this week. Now you may be, but I'm not. So I'm going to f***ing guarantee you that if we lose this week, we're going to be able to get the f*** out of here. I'm going to f***ing guarantee you that if we lose this week, we're going to be able to get the f*** out of here. I'm going to f***ing guarantee you that if we lose this week, we're going to be able to get the f*** out of here. I'm going to f***ing guarantee you that if we lose this week, we're going to be able to get the f*** out of here. I'm going to f***ing guarantee you that if we lose this week, we're going to be able to get the f*** out of here. I'm sick and tired of an 8 to 10 record. I'm tired of losing to Purdue. I'm not here to f*** around this week. Now you may be, but I'm not. So I'm going to f***ing guarantee you that if we don't play up there Monday night, you're not going to believe the next f***ing day. So I am not here to get my ass beat on Monday. Now you better f***ing understand that right now. This is absolute f***ing bullshit. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. I'm not here to f*** around this week. You better get your head out of your ass! Man, you don't even want to hear that from your father, let alone your close. It sounds like one of the father rants, you know? Yeah, definitely. He's yelling at you and you're like, oh, just shut up. Shut up, I know. It's not over yet. I know, I know. Just take out the strap and hit me. Alright, so Anthony, this is just in from Dean Wormer from Faber U. Bobby Knight is now on double secret probation. You're on double secret probation, mister. Yeah, but Bobby Knight's going to keep his job. That's what that whole press conference is about. Choking someone. And they got video in it? Yeah, yeah. Was it during a game or? No, I think it was practice on that one. Yeah? Yeah. I want to see that. The president of the college is telling Bobby Knight that he's got to be nice to the press and the IU employees. If not, he will be terminated. That's the conditions of keeping his job. He's got to be nice to the press. Well, then he will. That ain't happening. He'll get fired. Guys, could you please play the Earl Weaver interview again? Yeah, we might as well. Oh, Earl Weaver, yeah. And we're playing the audio clips. This is actually Earl Weaver, the old Baltimore Orioles coach. I don't know, he did a segment on a local radio station called, I don't know, Coach's Corner or something like that. And this is actual audio from one of those segments, Anthony. We'll play this as we go to break. Up next, don't go anywhere. Spass came to us with another idea for the radio show. This one is absolutely incredible. I think this one beats them all. We'll get into it next. From time to time, he types up ideas for the radio show. You're just not going to believe what he wants to do for us, okay? But here's Earl Weaver. Now, the manager's corner with the thoughts and opinions of the American League's winning manager, the Orioles' Earl Weaver. And now, to the manager's corner with Earl Weaver. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Bill Whitehouse, Earl, that certainly is an answer from Frederick Marr. Well, certainly this show is going to get out in history, Earl. Terry Elliott of Washington, D.C., wants to know why you don't use Terry Crowley as the designated hitter all the time. Well, Terry Crowley is lucky he's in f***ing baseball, for Christ's sake. He was released by the Cincinnati Reds. He was released by the f***ing goddamn Atlanta Braves. We saw that Terry Crowley could sit on his f***ing ass for eight innings and enjoy watching a baseball game just like any other fan. We saw that Terry Crowley could sit on his f***ing ass for eight innings and enjoy watching a baseball game just like any other fan. We saw that Terry Crowley could sit on his f***ing ass for eight innings and enjoy watching a baseball game just like any other fan. And has the ability to get up there and break one open in the f***ing night. So if this f***ing flickered night his own business, and let me manage the f***ing team, we'd be a lot better off. Well, certainly you've made your opinions known on the fans' questions about baseball, Earl, but let's get to something else. Alice Sweet from Norfolk wants to know the best time to put in a tomato plant. Alice Sweet ought to be worried about where the f***ing next wave is coming from. We're not going to be able to get a tomato plant. We're not going to be able to get a tomato plant. We're not going to be able to get a tomato plant. We're not going to be able to get a tomato plant. We're not going to be able to get a tomato plant. We're not going to be able to get a tomato plant. Well, certainly you've made your opinions known on the fans' questions about baseball, Earl, but let's get to something else. Alice Sweet from Norfolk wants to know the best time to put in a tomato plant. Alice Sweet ought to be worried about where the f***ing next wave is coming from. We'd rather where the next god damn tomato plant is coming from. If she'd get her ass out to f***ing bars at night and go hustling around the god damn street, she might get a f***ing stuck in her once in a while. I don't understand where these questions are coming from, Tom. That's about it for Manager's Corner. You f*** yourself and the f*** with your show coming up next on the Baltimore Oriole Baseball F***ing Network. The Opie and Anthony Show. Let me let you ladies in on something. Oral never gets old. Home of the Hummer. 1027 WNEW. Oh boy. Earl's not still here, is he? He's in the garage. It's my fault. What do you mean it's your fault? He's waiting for me. Why is he waiting for you? Because I'm supposed to go with him. Dude, we're supposed to be there at 430. If you have too much work to do, then he should have just gone without you. Yeah. It's how that should have worked. See, we're telling everyone we're going to be somewhere at 430 and you guys don't leave until 430. That's a problem. Oh boy. Oh, forget it. Oh boy. Anthony, the Connecticut School of Broadcasting. Yes, Opie? It's almost the summer of 2000 and the world of communications is exploding with all kinds of opportunities in radio, television, the internet and multimedia. We may have a bunch of opportunities right here on the Opie and Anthony Show very, very soon. But you're going to need some experience before you get your ass in the door here, Anthony. One way to do it is to call the Connecticut Schools of Broadcasting, the nation's oldest and largest group of broadcasting schools at 1-800-TV-RADIO at Connecticut Schools of Broadcasting. You'll learn by doing from radio and TV pros in a matter of months, not years. They've been around for 35 years, Anthony. They've got thousands of grads in every facet of radio and TV, okay? You'll learn by doing at the Connecticut Schools of Broadcasting. Call 1-800-TV-RADIO today for Connecticut for... I'm so pissed. Call 1-800-TV-RADIO today for Connecticut Schools of Broadcasting, Stratford, Connecticut campus, with easy access from I-95 and the Merritt Parkway or in the Metropolitan area on Route 17 in Hasbroke Heights, New Jersey, just minutes from the GW Bridge or the Lincoln Tunnel. And for day and evening classes that begin in late June and summer sessions for students currently in high school, call Connecticut Schools of Broadcasting at 1-800-TV-RADIO. Call them now. That's 1-800-TV-RADIO. Tomorrow. This is your announcer, Hugh Mungerstecker, saying... O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-O-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N-T-E-N ................. I thought you said thatLaughter Ital  Chu We go to call him on the cell phone rings a couple times and all of a sudden boop it goes off Because it's got caller ID so he knows his call He's a prick when it comes to uh stuff like that getting them on on the phone on the air like that So what well we're just keep redialing until he answers and just paid I want to know why they haven't left yet. We've been telling everyone for 30 there in two minutes two minutes from right now Earl Earl yes, where are you? We just left Just left like where are you right now right at this second? I bet you're not even Okay, okay We're encouraging a lot of people to go to F***ing Island Ferry Well there Earl wants to play a little game and hang up on us We encourage everyone to go to the Staten Island Ferry for the wild stickers today and just harass the hell out of Earl Yeah, he wants to play a game and f***ing up on us and stuff Nothing No Land bath Earl for your wild sticker In a new game I hope you'd Anthony show today at the Staten Island Ferry when they get there to be a while It's a game called make black Earl cry cry. Yeah make Earl cry Oh my god, what is he typing? Earl What why are you hanging up on us? I didn't hang up on you. Oh see now his hands on fire You're lying where were you right when we said We're heading down 7th Avenue now, I swear to God I didn't hang up on him. Where are you right now? We're headed we're actually approaching 47 47 how long is it gonna take you to get to the Staten Island Ferry? 20 minutes 20 minutes. You want to make a bet you want to put you job on? No, I don't know guys. We'll do we'll do this You know, you don't get there 20 minutes. You don't get there in 20 minutes. You're fired. You make it there in 20 minutes You get a big race. I'll make that bet right now. I want to make that bet. I can't make that guarantee It's 430 now. You will not be there until 515. I will not be there I'm not gonna make that bet. I can't guarantee that There's no guarantees with the traffic. Well a lot of people are already there So now they're gonna have to wait because you guys have decided I apologize so gather do All right, all right, I'll have fun down there, but I swear to God I didn't hang up on you good I have fun down that fun for a make black girl cry live from the Staten Island Ferry, Manhattan side All right, and if anybody's gonna be down there with a cell phone Please give us a call so we could hear the festivities On a good phone and one where the guy holding the phone won't hang up on us when it gets a little cranky You have I Know I have in the past but anything up when you then This just in or on West Side Highway backed up like it is every day just before rush hour God guys. I did not take the time. You'll be there for the 715 ferry great You didn't pick the time we picked the time we said Three thirty three different times Three different times. No, we were saying 430 you were gonna end it I don't care what people say it off the air if we're on the air saying Earl is gonna be somewhere 430 And you know, and you know, you're not gonna be there for 30 then then we have a problem. Oh Boy he's got nothing to say. Thank you. Well, have fun at the Staten Island Ferry whenever you get Have fun fine fine fine fine now we hung up on us guarantee that one What are we talking? You know something? I'm getting a few emails from Hicksville and Jersey and stuff You're getting tons of static and your signals cutting in and out. Is that true? That's Earl's phone Is that just Earl's phone or is it? I? Think your radio station just got infected by Earl's disease the stations coming in all fuzzy sounds like Earl's cell phone It's really annoying that would make sense because they usually wait to we're on the air to start tweaking with the signal It's not many people are listening. What's up with your signal? I feel like I'm listening to Earl's phone. Yeah our signal screwed for some reason Do we have an engineer who's working on this or is the coffee machine? refill oh My god the sound coming from the radio for you for like two minutes Mm-hmm was like some electrical ass was going around Really they're like a storm or something coming up. I don't see anything outside. Mm-hmm All right, let's go to Jay Jay. What's going on? Hey, Jay, you know what's up? How are you Jay? Yeah, I was just over there West Side Highway, man It's horrible really a parking lot. I was like sitting like Oh, man, it's horrible down there. They're gonna have a fun time trying to get sure is it pretty much like that every day Yeah, it's always like at this time between like 330 and like 5 o'clock you can't get anywhere down there Yeah, down there sound by like uh, I think for World Trade Center You know over there where they're doing a lot of highway work. It's horrible, right? All right. Thank you, Jay. No problem. Bye Yeah, dude, I'm just kidding Letter after letter Keith. Yo, the signal is breaking up. Yeah, it's all screwed up Yeah, it's all screwed up Is it still cuz I'm getting somebody saying it's clear and a crackling sound but it was a feedback buzz Static squeal Squeez squeal thing. Yeah, it's not happening right this second. No, okay. You sure wasn't Earl cell phone What was it when Earl was on the cell phone? Yeah, it was yeah Well, we're always on the cell phone. It was happening and a from Mount Vernon Remember Gilligan's Island when Gilligan picked up radio signals on his teeth. Yeah, that's what you sounded like just Good. I mean I was at the Gilligan picking it up on his teeth Or was it the episode of the Partridge family when Laurie had the braces and was picking up Well radio signals it happened in both shows. I know but what did we sound more like? Oh Thank God we we weren't doing any of our a material there. Yeah Thank God it wasn't like when Brewer was in or something. Yeah. All right. Listen, I saw a giant mosquito gnawing at your antenna Or we're broadcasting too close to cancer's live wires. All right, and this is what we're gonna do Yeah, we're gonna go to break make sure our signals. Okay, we're gonna check with the engineers We're gonna come back with spazz's idea for the show, which is just unbelievable Yeah, this is and then he's outside screaming. It's a good idea Well, we talked about it the I'll give you the idea, but then he he writes up a whole one one sheet about it. Okay. Yeah, it's a proposal But I'll read what spazz's idea is and I don't think anyone's gonna change the station Spaz wants to have a porno casting call. That's all I'm gonna say porno casting call. We'll get into it next Okay, as we regroup here, why don't we give away some wrestling tickets? Make sure spaz hangs up on all the people talking about the bad signal and all that Winner receives a pair of tickets to see Smackdown Tuesday, August 8th at the Continental Arena before you can buy them Anthony tickets go on sale for this WWE event Saturday at 10 a.m. Through ticketmaster, but the tenth caller gets a pair two one two seven five seven one. Oh two seven Any w Anthony stacker to the world's strongest fat burner Yeah, Anthony stacker to the world's strongest fat burner Hey, Anthony Hey Stack it to the world's strongest fat burner does three things doesn't it Anthony? You got me your pal could have played another commercial but you know, I said screw him you screwed me man I screwed you dude. I was taking a leak You nailed me Nothing worse than hearing that that you're supposed to be on the air while you're there in the bathroom You see who's outside man, oh Louise from Baruchasol. Oh, I missed that. Wait a minute an old friend We'll talk to her next cool and then we'll get to the spaz thing as well But right now it's stacker to the world's strongest fat burner Anthony I'm well, yeah, it does the three things burns the fat crushes the cravings to snack in between meals and It gives you a boost of energy a lot of people lately checking in about the boost of energy thing. That's there could do gives you Yeah, can't make any that I can't really read any of the email on the air cuz it's like holy ass it's better than speed Whoa, I don't think stacker to want us to be saying that on a daily basis But no, no, obviously you can't but that's one of the emails I read today. Holy ass. It's better They get really pissed while we say that but he's gonna kill you I know she's gonna kill me Well, I use the stacker to When I'm petering out late in the day to give me that boost of energy Anthony Yeah, you know, I'm still able to function stuff. I don't sure I don't think it's that strong But it definitely gives me a little boost boost energy and if you had a weight problem, it would help you burn the fat open That's right stacker to the world's strongest fat burner WWW.stacker2.com on the internet or give them a call 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E L-I-N-E stacker to the world's strongest fat burner our listeners have proven it works This is debauchery mania prostate exam for everyone It's the own a show We're gonna get the spazz's idea in a second here, but an old friend stopping by the studio Wow, look at you. I Get him give her a hug Wow the old Boston day Of course we're talking about Louise from Veruca salt and then My drummer Jimmy hi Jimmy, how are you? You're new to the band, right? Yes. I am. Yeah the whole band change their lives I know but we got like we got to tell everyone about you. Yeah the last time we Saw you we stole your underwear. Yeah And we haven't talked to you since Your guys were like they say in Boston wicked piss You are you look very nice with my underwear on your head Anthony. Yeah, and um, and I think we should repeat this someday Absolutely. Yeah, they were doing a show for us and we talked her into giving us her underwear Well, cuz we had a bet and we were gonna auction the underwear off But I guess it was a very important piece of underwear was it what you know And it was perfect on my lovely behind. Yes, and I needed that underwear It was a key was it was you know, it's a key staple. Yeah, underwear piece Yeah, so then we had to send some guy from the station all the way out where we were Well, you're too like 40 miles away We're both tired and drunk and just went home and you realize you brought Louise's underwear home with well No, I knew I had it on me the whole time I know I had to get a guy from the station to get her underwear back in her underwear and bring it back We thought you were never gonna talk to us again after that episode. Yeah. Oh hell no. I love you guys I am that night. I remember stage diving and I had the full on trucker, but happening Yeah Flummer, but you know my bands and I'm Good in fact, I don't know if I had the other at that point and I'm staged Oh and someone ripped a hole in my beautiful velvet purple pants And they grow yeah, they croaked you like crazy got back Started giving the finger to the crowd. Yeah, we thought you were insane doing that like jumping into the crowd like did you? Yeah, we thought you were crazy. We knew what our fans were like. Yeah, there's all like listeners I think I was crazy. Yeah. Yeah, I think I still am a little You're still drinking the what was it Johnny Walker? I don't do the brown alcohol Ring-ding or something or devil dogs? What the hell we used to get you all the time devil dogs Nina loved devil dogs. Yeah What you guys got devil dogs and Johnny Walker and Johnny Walker red? I wish you know it's black. It was black. That was our favorite drink. It was well continued me I still love it, but recently my guitar player and I had a shared an evening with Jack Jack Daniels Oh, yeah, and I I I you ended up with your your genital shape, right? No No, well that no I gotta tell you that'll happen Any any night with a bottle of Jack Daniels? And for some reason you wake up in your shape and it was a great idea at the time But you're walking around for two weeks chasing it should look crazy I say for the irritation like the irritation Twist Like the chafing lotion for me any sleighs on drums too. Yeah. Yeah, cool Where you guys playing? Barley Valerie ballroom Wednesday night and birch Hill Saturday night say yeah. All right You got to tell us what happened with Nina. Yeah Come on used to be like Nina and Louise Louise and now it's just Louise actually a lot of new bandmates We were both in love with you and I won't say who's in love with whom We we fought all right Yeah It led to her just being so pissed as she left that must be Going back to that and I were convinced like two three years ago when we're hanging with you guys that you know We could have done you we could have We were kind of delusional and thought maybe we had a shot or something Yeah, we were and you guys you guys were shy and we were gonna do you That would have been cold. We were where were we were we were in the dressing room? Center was that fleet center? Yeah, they were all no fleece center in front of like 20,000 people that they dedicated a song to us Yeah, that was cool. And and I are in the audience like dude. I think we could I think we could get some I'm getting a little overzealous. I think we were we were like in the Bruins in the the Bruins dressing room Yeah The hockey team right and there was like the little back area that was curtained off And me know for like we could get them back there. We didn't we were we had a whole lot of hours You guys are sleezing out Was we had to get rid of a girlfriend and a wife Everything would have been fine. Yeah, a little Johnny Walker black and we're showering Well actually Sadly because we were all very attached truly back in the day Yeah, she and I had a sort of a not pleasant parting of ways my headphones are really like staticky and bizarre Something's happening here Equipment we'll get to know that blows monkey ass To have choked for you guys because our friendship was very strong and I think so strong into it to a certain degree when it Came down to business commerce art and and intense friendship and being tied to the hip every day and basically being semi-sidies twins that we just couldn't sustain it and And I'll boil down to just having had a lot of time together being under a lot of pressure together and having great great times together which you guys really remind me of and then And then just like that that time coming to a close and To certain to rear that time having exhausted itself, which I wouldn't trade for anything and it has propelled me into the next phase and Thank God for that Hmm. You had nothing to do with like banging the same guy Of the Rukas all nothing no no no guy That's what all the rumors were, you know You probably read them all she thought of that answer for a long time. That's a great I was a prepared statement I've been asked this question a hundred times and I'm here like this Wow, yeah Very close friends and I think we both let each other down in some ways and that's that sort of the that was sort of The grieving part of it afterwards just feeling like you know, we were carrying a torch for Girls aligned with girls and I feel like we kind of choked And the fact that our friendship didn't sustain itself over, you know The entire course of our lives and I hope that in eventually that we can come together in some to some degree someday Again right now, we're you know, mildly in touch, but we're working on very different mildly and my We've communicated some but we're not hanging out, you know, she's she's made a record of her own continue for her consult obviously and Fighting the sea there. Yeah And I'm you know, if you have the same problems I understand that but we we know like, you know We can't stand each other as it is, but we know we walked away from each other It would be yeah. Yeah detrimental. I was doing purely for the money. That's right. And that's it So much money Clothes you guys are rolling I'm Would you get this guy? So what happened to you like to know what you battle it out over the Veruca salt name and everything? It was just a legal understanding really now if you leave her assaults We're not gonna leave the name to like a row something Yeah, because I'll tell you piss me off and I went to go see fog hat and found out that a roadie owned the name And it's not fog hat man Yeah, you know, it's like some guy that used to carry around the drum is drum key and he's now fog hat Slow ride is one of the best jams ever come on, but you gotta see fuck. I do it not like it. That's weird Yeah, it happened a lot of the bands do that now really they give their name to the roadie or whatever I like Veruca salt would be like some former Mouseketeers. They'll get up there I Have enough testosterone in my life every day. Yeah overloaded with it right now. How is that for you? Well at best Interesting and worse or if I Not really have anybody to share those girly moments with anymore I have Suzanne Yeah for some time after after Nina and I split up I didn't want to play with another woman just because Home So you could like yeah, okay Because it cuts you off We like we like the cops on the air that's for the professional broadcasters, yeah, you know, it's like hey It's 452 time for the news Ten wins the wrong all call buttons all the time. You got a real cough like something with cough I don't know sound effect. We got a machine for all that. I got other stuff. Yeah, we got good stuff over here Yeah, so yeah, if you don't get off like hello ten ten wins We got All right, so I need Here what happened to us in Boston I heard that you guys got fired obviously as we're here and you moved on. Yeah, very good I like that answer. We told the whole city that the mayor died in there You know is killed in a horrible car crash and wasn't dead. We found out a lot of people didn't have a sense There's a purple so we figured we'd do a joke and the joke is on us a week later when they throw something Well, I think you guys are the coolest thing that ever happened to that station. Oh look at you. Thanks, you know boy They didn't think so They hate us now we're gonna come back on another station kick their ass, but that's a story for another day All right, so Nina left the band now you got to tell us what's going on You got Jimmy over here and I got Jimmy I got Suzanne. I got Stephen and And We are just touring I have a new album resolver. It's out in stores tomorrow Tuesday, May 16th it's also my brother's birthday, so it's a very poetic moment for me and I Love the record. I went straight. I went straight into it after touring on eight arms We took like a month off and then me and I split up and I had about 15 songs ready to go and so I Thought for a bit about whether to keep going through assaults, maybe a day During which time I talked to some people I respected a lot in the industry who gave me some really solid advice about why I Should keep going with the name when I was sort of Feeling like I like I didn't have a choice but wanted to really understand Why you know to go forward with a good feeling about it? I needed to talk to people and gather some good information and sort of advice about it So I went to the studio I decided never to turn back to you know Reform and make this band stronger than it ever has been and of course, it's different and no one is being replaced But I had about 15 songs we went the studio For first I went with a drummer from Los Angeles formerly the band failure which you guys probably know and His name is Kelly Scott and he played on a few demos and then What happened there oh he was great but he lived in California So a friend of mine said, you know, they're great drummers in Chicago Louise And I said like who and they said like Jimmy and I've been I've known Jimmy from a bunch of parties in Chicago and Bar scene and stuff and you Exactly. Actually, he's a great chef. So I had heard he was a great chef. Hence his name Tasty J word word Told you that was because he was a chef Mind you Anyway, so so like I called him up and I was like Jimmy you want to come drum for me with me and Incidentally every time I saw him at a party. He was always he'd always end up in the dress of whoever was having the party He always oh really? Darth Vader helmet on And somebody's like bar and panty. Yeah Okay terrific Actually one time he dressed up my Marilyn Monroe lingerie that I hadn't even worn yet and that is the brand name by the way Really? Yeah, it's very pink and very very flowy very frilly And Jimmy was very nice in it But I was very disturbed when I saw him at a party one day and he didn't have a dress on I was like Could you please go put a dress on or something a dress? somebody's like nightgown He's become a you know, I told dude and I've gotten used to it But initially I wasn't sure anyway came in and played and it was just like a no-brainer So I fit the costume so she's yeah, Johnny Bravo Really hard and he plays great and we are very happy together as we are with Suzanne and Stephen Totally kick-ass and We're I feel like this band right now is more this our incarnation of a reversal is so focused dedicated and Committed and like communicative in a way that is is unprecedented And that is psyched psyched for the band. Yeah, you're gonna combine like play for us next time Well, you know, I could play this I can play my sunglasses I would have you know last time I met the last time I saw you guys you guys used to play for us all the time Yeah, and um, I would have brought my acoustic but no one told me to oh really? Oh, yeah Well, how about next time you're in town? Definitely? Yeah, I plan on it. All right do that Well, we got to make sure everyone goes to the Bowery ballroom Wednesday to see Baruchasol. Yes our friend Louise I have a picture of you on my wall at home. You do not swear to God I'm and I take a lot of pictures with a lot of rock people you made the cut you're on my Very nice. Well, I was excited to know it's gonna come see you guys today without a doubt It's weird to say that publicly because I would say to you off here, too. Yeah Like okay I mean this band is one of the greatest moments ever Dedicating a song to us in front of 20,000 people. Yeah, that was pretty cool when you guys were warming up for Bush Remember that yes I do a book show where it was just like at nine about 20,000 girls under the age of 14 Right and you know what the cool thing is that much of those many of those girls who were wearing the I love Gavin shirts Yeah, the homemade I love Gavin tees. Yeah They're now playing guitar and starting bands because they sub Rooks all open for Bush I don't say I see every show I play like girls come out with they're like a slight place Bush or I saw you play 930 or you know wherever it is And um, and then and I started a band now and here's my demo very cool So awesome and then they get into fights cuz they're having sex with the same guy Break up that's you Hypothetical thing No, come on stop You don't know nothing You know what come on. It's funny because it was written everywhere. That was like what was written Well, that's an unfortunate right isn't it? It must be Because you must have had it just like pull through that for a while Yeah well I basically just sort of like didn't I didn't like tuned out the rest of the world because I Went through two very publicized splits that year. Yeah, not a girl, you know And you know, I prefer for my private life to be more private now, so good luck. Thank you Off to a good start with you guys I know it's fine. Yeah, I thought about my private life Let's say the picture that I took with you guys that Opie puts on his wall the underwear Yeah, mine was probably given to a goodwill when my wife threw all my stuff out My wife Dave girl Told you Big changes Told you we couldn't have you and we weren't able to get over that I can't have you that's right. I'm swearing off a woman All right, so Bowery ball on Wednesday night the birds chill Saturday night We got to play like the single off the couple songs a couple if you give us your underwear will play too You know, we're not even a music station anymore. I know but you okay Probably can't play more than one than huh? Well play one though. We'll play a born entertainer. All right off Resolver which comes out tomorrow, right? Yeah, for Ruka salt. Thank you Louise for coming by we really appreciate it Thank you guys and everyone go see the veruca salt at the Bowery ballroom Wednesday. All right, right born entertainers We're Ruka salt on the Opie Anthony show on any w Seven We gotta thank Louise from Ruka salt for stopping by today Anthony. Yes very cool show Should be at the ball. We the Bowery ballroom on Wednesday Anthony we're doing a wow sticker stop today at the Staten Island Ferry with Earl and the invisible man of Psycho mark. I Guess Earl has made it to the Staten Island Ferry Manhattan side to give out the Wow stickers. Is he there? Yeah Time once again for another bad phone call from Earl Earl, what's up? Right from the uptown train at South Ferry with handing out Wow stickers people are approaching us in droves And we give out some more Wow stickers. Oh very good. Are they being kind to you? Yes, they're being very cool All right, where's the invisible man and we're not lost and what have you but things are cool now Earl. This is the Tenth sticker stop you've done more or less. This is the first one where we we can understand you on the phone Yeah, what are you doing differently? I'm using Rick's boat. Oh, you're using a phone that works Yes, I'm using a beautiful Nokia 6160 phone All right, and your phone is a little bit away from your mouth, right? So it doesn't just work. Very good. Very good And psycho marks down there too. Psycho mark is wreaking havoc as usual. You guys gonna be there for at least another hour We're gonna be here until uh About six o'clock or so and oh my god, this is coming in droves But very good Staten Island ferry once you get the location the exact location again We are directly in front of the uptown one train at South Ferry right on the underpass where everyone has to go to Go to Staten Island. Okay, very good. Very nice. We'll check in with you in a little while All right. All right, you guys good job with the Veruca. So it was really cool Yeah, we look we like Louise a lot good friend of the show Um, all right, Earl, we'll talk to you sir. I'll talk to you in a bit by the way, you would have won the bet You would have got a huge raise instead of getting fired. You made it there before five o'clock You drove like a madman down here. All right, I like a mark. Well, we'll talk to you in a bit. Okay guys Bye. Take care. There he goes, Earl All right, um, I guess it's time for spaz's idea Yeah, we couldn't make Louise from Veruca salt weight So let's uh, let's bring in spaz now. It's bringing spaz, you know, um When when doing this show we love to get new ideas for new things to do on the opium Anthony show and We'll take the ideas from anyone listeners Each other the people that work here and of course the interns if they come up with a good idea Who are we to say it's not a good idea we don't care where the ideas come from right? It is the people's radio show I'll go on record and say we get most of our really good ideas from our listeners from the listeners Absolutely get a lot of the funny lines from our listeners and we rip you guys off all the time Yeah, comes up on the instant feedback if it's funny, we're using it. We're using it and not giving you credit now We may and hope you fight over your stuff sometimes Look at Bob from Jersey's got a great line. It's mine. We try to give you guys credit It's so funny though If we don't you guys are right on top of it. Yeah, and then they write back on the Institute like that was mine You know rip me off That's why you wrote it so it would make the air shut up. All right So so we got another idea from spaz now Usually you would think somebody would have an idea and just kind of walk up to you and go hey I got an idea right and tell you the idea right and you'd go. Yeah, that's cool You know maybe not spaz presents these ideas all Printed out on the computer like an outline. It's it's it's presented like somebody would present an idea for IBM or something and we appreciate the effort we don't oh we do yeah I didn't realize he knew how to to type but you do spaz Any what was the last one mats it all out. What was the last idea you gave us? I can't remember. Yeah, neither can wait Can someone check line to see what that's all about Somebody might have just saw a lady get hit by a car that's sick wicked. All right, so spaz Mm-hmm your latest idea for the ONA show. Yeah is the porno casting call. Yes Don't say anything we'll tell you when to speak Please it's a you you did a one-sheet for us. Yes to explain exactly the concept the film bonuses He's got a little subjects and everything. Yeah. Yeah little has it's like an outline So it's spaz's porno casting call. Yes now he presents these things to Hoping hoping they make their way to like Jeremy and they're very nicely printed out and stuff And I think he has this whole image in his head that Jeremy will read it Ken Stevens will read it and spaz will be accepted as An idea man as you're lucky that the bosses didn't get a copy of this. Yeah spaz I gotta say after reading this I had to read through this twice I swear to you that saw it in the office and was dumbfounded. I had to read through this twice to Maybe see if there was a punchline to it or or Just to grasp it in my head This could possibly be the most ridiculous insane idea I've ever ever read To be presented on this program. You truly think this is a good idea for the show I just need to know I know this is a lot of work involved that it could be no no no work involved We don't care if we have to build a spaceship and fly to Venus for a good idea I mean, we'll try it. Yeah, we'll go the distance for a good idea I mean we'll try it. Yeah, we'll go the distance for a good idea. It's nothing to do with work involved Is this worth a lot of effort? I believe so. Okay, you see nothing wrong with this So you handed this in and you were all excited, right? It's right up your alley, but you're all excited, right? You're like, I can't wait for them to read it. They're gonna go for it. This is perfect, right? Yeah, but I mean i'm trying to get inside your head and oh he thinks it's right up our alley Yeah, like this is the kind of stuff we should be doing on this program All right. Well, let me let me read a little bit of this and we'll stop as we move along here Okay, uh spaz is uh, oh and a show idea porno casting call the concept anthony Yeah Do an open casting call for women who want to be in a porno of all women gotten from the opium anthony show First of all, the grammar there is fantastic And uh do an open casting call for women who want to be in a porno of all women gotten from the opium anthony show Now what you're trying to say here is We open up the phone lines And say okay girls, uh call up now We are producing a porno movie So we want uh, it's a it's a forno a porno movie featuring you the girls that listen to opium anthony. Yes Okay Only women would be allowed up into the studio. No men would be allowed in because of the number of people expected So you're you're expecting a lot huge turnout if we said we are casting for a porno You're just convinced that there's going to be just hundreds of women showing up at the station, right? Yes, because I believe that there are a lot of girls out there who want to do this But just don't know how to go about doing it. Okay, and and why no men? Why well because you know, they would just be in the way and everything plus you You always get upset whenever you see men when you have girls on the lesbian count true Okay, that is a true thing right there Okay, if the men are interested in getting into the film Send their lady to be evaluated and if the woman makes the cut I will speak with the men myself after the casting call. Hey, hey, hey, what the hell does that mean? So you're going to be the porno director, right? Uh, actually you want to take this idea on so you would be the porno director Yeah, all right. So you want to interview uh guys girls. Yes girlfriends, right? Yes So how do they get in the film if their lady's uh been evaluated and is going to make the cut Well, like they you know walk on scene or something like that If if they if they're interested in getting into this line of work, then we talk them off because they wouldn't actually be making in studio Because we don't have men in the So you will speak with the men myself after the casting call now see if they'll be part of the the film What would you speak to them about? I don't even get like okay a guy says hey I want to be in the porno movie and then and you say well Let me see your hot girlfriend, right and then you evaluate the girlfriend Yeah So then what are you going to say to the guy after the girl is like makes the cut? Though we might be able to work you went into a walk on at walk on part. Um We'll take a look at you know Your resume I guess and then we'll get back to you Okay, all right, you know, uh, we should give uh craig from belmore a prize today He remembered spaz's last idea Oh, what was it? Remember ant the eight man fight club between show regulars. All right, that was it and then craig goes what a loser Craig we we know your email address. Give us a phone number because we're going to give you a prize. Okay? Because that's that's good. I forgot all about that that spaz idea I will uh, I will speak with the men myself after the casting call The women will be expected to get naked be evaluated describe past sexual experiences Answered questions of a sexual nature and at the very end all interested women that make the cut will take part in a mass lesbian for a day casting couch audition Now without getting into the wwf or something. It's like some battle royale with lesbians without getting into any uh details uh Women expecting to get naked and be evaluated describe their past sexual experiences Does that sound vaguely familiar of another program that airs in this city vaguely sure in the morning Don't you realize like we like we try to do stuff that uh that is a little different So it's and and even try uh harder than usual so as to avoid any comparison Have you ever seen a program where maybe a girl gets up takes her clothes off and is evaluated by the members of this other program? And that's why I don't think we've ever used the word evaluate on this program But he's never had it on film No, not on film not on two tv shows. No, no jesus jesus h christ All right. All right to guarantee there will definitely be some action that day. Well, this is way back up this Yeah, this is this is when they're doing the lesbian for a day casting couch audition. Yes, and no they will be taking part in a mass lesbian for a day Casting couch audition. How many how many lesbians are you going to get on the couch at one time? I I figure we can fit as many thousands open well on the couch around the couch Okay And then as and said to guarantee that there will definitely be some action that day I will supply some ringers who will definitely perform Spaz where are you getting ringers? I know of a source to get ringers. Where where's your source anthony the limo driver, right? No, not him. Oh, it's a friend of mine. What's your source a friend of mine johnny action. No Who's your source? I am the invisible man earl's friend. I have a source What's your freaking source? Do you my friend? Don't you think we wouldn't ask you if we actually considered this idea for a? Nano-second we wouldn't ask you what your source is my source is a friend of mine who's who's done a film before your friend gary Let's just yes gary who did the porno movie with me in it for 10 seconds and with you in it for 10 seconds Where you were what just a I was a cop you were a cop. That's right Spaz is like trying to be larry flint So he'll supply some ringers spaz is casting for uh, colegula two The film itself will be shot here in new york city. Oh good We want to fly off to an exotic location The film itself we shot here in new york It would be done in the gonzo style Allowing for more free-form Freewheeling anything goes style you effing moron. What the hell is that? What is gonzo style? It'd be like anything goes what do you mean anything goes? That's what happens in every porno It's just called porno. It's not called gonzo porno. It will be done in the gu I prefer making films in the gonzo style Lovie You know who and the muppet show gonzo style and who's your influence like the gonzo style Now are there people you respect in the porno business that you follow there are professionals But the thing is like usually there are restrictions like it'd be like Anything we can use like tools like I don't know they can Within this there are usually restrictions on a different portal. Okay in this porno. We're not going to use toys It pornos are like that But this would be opening whatever the girl wants to do she could do it She said what if a girl wants to take a shovel and then slam it on the back of the head of another lesbian Well, no violence, of course. I'm talking about sexual a lot of sex they want to take one of the cars. How about bloodletting? If that's what they're into oh Oh my god, dude, but in the sexual nature, whatever's ironic to them All right. So all right. So you want to have an open casting call for uh for Will be called the opiate anthony porno Will our names be associated with this or will it be dispatched porno? No, if you choose you have a name for this film not yeah But you guys could be associated as much as you're right. Well, we all strive to be porn directors and producers That's really our goal here. But you kind of do it. It's not like we get in in trouble Uh for explaining too explicitly Genitalia or anything. We'll just film a porno and put it out there. Yeah, we have like 10 women that listen to us We'll convince them to come in here for this mass lesbian for a day casting couch audition And then the girls are allowed to do whatever the hell they want. Yeah Yeah, i'm sure the phones are going to ring off the hook with ladies that want to want to do this. That is jerk diggler You never know oh my god taylor what's going on? Hey guys, I got a great idea for a contest Yeah, what? Yeah, it's called the beat the crap out of spaz contest. I like it already Open the phone lines and the first 102 callers Get to kick the crap out of spaz. Yeah. All right. Thank you taylor later brother God damn you get people so freaking pissed off. Ah, jason did you think this up on your two and a half hour train ride today? Jason what's up? What's up guys? Yeah, i'm just wondering is spaz like gonna go for the uh retarded pizza boy delivery guy in this? Very good jason very good god All right. So we got to move on this is this is just explaining the film So you you haven't really explained the gonzo style pretty much anything goes is your answer to that, right? Yeah, pretty much everything. All right. So the film itself would be shot here in new york city It would be done in the gonzo style allowing for a more freeform freewheeling anything goes style It will only star women gotten from the casting call gotten from the cast There will be multiple scenes shot with a variety of different things to highlight each scene Right. Yes. Okay, and you explain some of these uh different highlights of your porno film, right? Yes, one of them being both opi and anthony are invited to come and direct the scene either together or separately Yeah, what does that mean? We come down and direct a scene. Yes You're out of you lost your mind somewhere, right? You can direct is there going to be a thrilling scene that I can direct where a boyfriend gropes his girlfriend before he goes on a Two-hour commute. That's a fun. That'd be a fun scene, huh? Are you insane? We have we have a studio location where you guys can go unseen about here. Here's what happened. All right, here's what happened Spaz and his porn frigging want to be director got together for a few too many beers Uh and spaz decided that he's gonna hook this guy up with a way to sell his porno He's gonna use opi and anthony Crap, you're flattering us by saying we'll direct a scene So, of course if we direct a scene in a porno, you don't think we're gonna be talking about like crazy on the air So spaz is sitting there with his buddy going. Okay, how can I get oh i'll entice opi and anthony say yes But i'll invite them to direct the scene. They can't refuse that I'm appalled that you would even say that are you i'm appalled That you would come up with this I think it was right up your alley a great idea and you know, at least i'm trying with ideas It's just because I have the spaz moniker. It doesn't mean that every idea is stupid A lot of these ideas could be good Are you kidding this idea i'm telling you it's golden tommy. What's golden now? It's golden tommy. What's up? What is his definition of gonzo? Uh gonzo. Wait, I got it gonzo style. Uh, it would be done in the gonzo style allowing for a more free-form freewheeling anything goes style It spaz can you name me? One porno that you know that is done in gonzo style I don't know i've been spoken to the directors because you don't know what gonzo is gonzo is amateur porn It has nothing to do with freewheeling anything but man you guys heard about man, right? Yeah, the adventures of butt man Yeah, of course that's gonzo gonzo So gonzo gonzo basically means amateur, correct Okay, so I guess spaz could probably do it being an idiot amateur. Seymour butts gonzo amateur gonzo Uh, i'm the biggest debbie. Uh debbie does dallas What's that debbie does dallas? No, not not gonzo. Okay tracy lords films. Uh, not gonzo not gonzo. Okay Now that we have that straight very good like we said he doesn't always talk about the baz is going to film it in bozo style The pam and tommy lee tape Okay, there you go now we're understanding that at least thank you tommy. All right, you got it. Thanks All right Let's go to glenn real fast and we got to move on with the idea because just another proud day in iona college history Right right here right now. Uh glenn. What's up? Hey guys, i'm looking for somebody to back me in a new stuff snuff spaz film Yeah, that's my proposal. Yeah, I want I want to do a spaz a snuff film Yeah, spaz if you would help out here's my proposal We do an open casting call to murderers that want to come down here and blow your effing head off live on film But first they have butt sex with you and opi and I can be invited into direct this scene And you know, I think I would uh, I would go for that one On So both opi and anthony are invited to come and direct the scene either together or separately. Yes Jesus christ Pazzoid mind trick ona will direct the scene. He's trying to do a jedi minecraft. Yeah. Yeah, you want to direct the scene, right? These are not the porn stars you're looking for All right, check this out more about the film anthony besides us directing Have one of the non cbs contracted people associated with the show actually appear and perform in a scene example old dirty He's dragging old dirty into the porno If he wants to be in it was all dirty in the meeting with you and your uh, Porn, I want to be guy. Uh, uh, he's gonna be get me in there So dirty i'll hook you up. Should you be able to get laid? Uh, my buddy, what's his name? Gary my buddy gary Uh, don't worry. I'll get over your auntie and and cbs will finance the whole thing CBS will finance porno. It's great. See we're involved with via com now. So i'm going to get him in all the blackbuster videos Military mike has a good point here military mike. What's up? Hey, what's going on in ona? How are you? Hey spaz. I got a question for you. Yeah, if I remember correctly the lawyers wouldn't let these two guys put out a cd Yeah, and they're gonna let them thank you Thank you mike we can't put out a cd because it has some questionable material on it How the hell are we gonna get a porno out there you idiot? You don't have to be in the credits. You just direct the one scene. Have a good one guy. Thank you mike You don't have to be in the credits spaz. This is a way you're gonna get your friend gary To sell a porno that he wants to make that didn't even enter our minds. Oh bull. Come on Come on. I'm appalled by that statement. I think i'm taking it back. I'm appalled at this proposal I'm taking it back taking a back mike. What's up? Oh, yeah favor for it who's closer to him right now. Uh anthony anthony kick him his heart is He's handed him nuts. There's no chance of him ever breeding again No chance No chance at all What a freaking dope. All right mike. Thank you. There's more there's more to the concept Uh, we're talking about spaz's idea. He wants to have a uh porno casting call and he wants basically an open anthony porno But he's not saying that but spaz would be the director um Okay more about the film have some of the sexual positions discussed on the show performed in the film Example the rusty trombone the wheelbarrow So, uh the girls that come in for the open casting call will be doing the rusty trombone on the likes of old dirty Not in the studio but in the disclosed location at what's this undisclosed location not disclosed location Undisclosed i'm sorry at what at the uh at the guy who's filming it. Oh at gary's uh studio Well, it's not his studio of someone else's studio someone else who? You don't know him but you do yeah, and was he at this meeting too Has he been contacted have all the principles that you mentioned in this aside from you know points are all dirty been contacted Aside from old dirty. Yes, so you've already Just in case it was a go Just in case it was a go I am Just when you think he can't do it just when you think there's uh, the giant mosquito or the cancerous live wires Just when you think he cannot get stupider come up with something that will just mesmerize you Uh michelle says michelle says she's interested michelle. Are you interested in the spaz porno? Hi, yeah, I am can I expect the spaz hear me? Yeah Uh, I had a fib a little to get on the air But I was just wondering if he liked his girlfriend a little bit and even cared Even cared what she thought about with his ideas. Yeah, have you run this past erika? She heard me and gary talking it over. And what did she think about the one god? If erika's listening, please give us a call Give me her number erika would never agree and i'll stay on the line and no erika would kill him for it All right. Thank you michelle. Thank you. Not one lady's calling saying that she wants to be in this spaz porno Uh, this just in from the unbelievable the invisible man checking in from uh, from the statin island furry Her name is spaz kush kush hainston Earl and I want to direct the scene too. Oh the invisible man wants to yeah, can we have the invisible man? We'll just have some chick like uh Uh, what oh my god Okay, spaz is writing something say no What what not a good time to call erika easy why uh personal personal problems What you have another personal problem. There's nothing to me. No it has to do with erika's family Okay, all right personal family problems. Sure. All right. We'll get her on another time. I'm sure i'm sure she would uh, just be thrilled That you're you want to go through with this idea? Uh, well, she actually didn't say anything She just because she was storming out and discussed probably Really? Oh my god. All right. Uh, well, there's uh more to the porno casting call anthony. Oh really spaz does slotsberg But not from jersey who comes up with funny stuff every day the name of the spaz porno should be called spaz does slotsberg Very good. Okay. Uh now the porno names are gonna start coming in unbelievable Uh, all right the bonus of doing the are we calling it officially the opium anthony porno or the spaz porno? Whatever you want to ask by opium. What would it be called? You must have knocked around some names with gary and then Whatever the other porn guys you were with Basically, we would leave it totally up to you what you want to call it and how much you want to get involved with So basically we would do all the work and you would get the credit, right? No, no, no, everybody would get credit for their we would promote the hell out of this opium I know as to uh, you know get our name in the porno industry That's exactly it's not it's not hard enough showing up at the goddamn uh Thanksgiving dinners with my family for what we're doing here on the air as as we speak Yeah, but you know if I could just add Porn director and porn my resume porn promoter onto my resume my life would be happy That's one thing. I really want to get into Pornography, you don't have to promote it. You just direct the one scene This whole thing is promoting a porno for one day for one day I asked one day this is all going to happen in one day filming everything one day We can't get through those spazzes. We can review in one day. I beg you to do a porno We'll have nothing to do with it, but I beg you to do it because I I need a good laugh It would be the funniest thing I ever see in my life. We film we want the director's cut too Who the hell are you hanging out with? Who are your friends are you on the pipe you're hanging out with with uh, moronic Extreme wrestlers that pound each other's brains in with two by fours and and want to be porn guys You know what he was in a film. How could it be a wannabe if he was already in a film that's been released By the way and selling copies Selling copies selling copies speaking of that. What would happen? With this porno, where would it end up? It would end up in the porno stores and selling Uh uncle john wants to say some real fast uncle john. Hi guys. How's it going? Great Hey, I want to volunteer to buy drugs and plant them in spaz's house We can like have a lottery to call the cops you get some mustard What do you think? I like the idea man. All right, cool. Rock on guys. Fuck you. What What I want to say was give john some credit he comes up with good s every day I'm effing believe will there be a scene where a giant mosquito Comes in and and starts up railing this woman with with the proboscis If you want that in the film we can have somebody get wouldn't that be funny a big giant mosquito comes in with the nose Like a dildo That would have to be some wacky cartoon porn. Yeah. Yeah And just starts going at oh All right, um allen from england, new jersey. Holy f Earl may have an invisible friend, but I think that spaz has an effing invisible brain. Yeah Yeah All right spaz admitted you used to write for the mason kolinsky show, right The anti-brain All right. Listen, all right. So let's uh, all right now he has bonuses anthony to this whole All right, it has opiate anthony porno, whatever. Now he's going to spell out the upside to this whole thing Okay, this is the big pitch Right where he he you know was going to get us with his pitch here it is just for allowing the casting call to take Place I will supply you with two dozen videos to be given to the audience So wait, we're going to get two dozen of the finished product. Yes to give out his prizes Yeah, because you did the uh, the opi's uh, porno you you did that as a giveaway So I figured if you could do that and you do this is good All right. All right And uh, if we are allowed to shoot the casting call and include scenes in the movie I will try to get at least a gross of films to be supplied to the show Oh, you're gonna try to get a gross and how many isn't a gross? I don't know I really don't It's sounding good also No, it grosses but he's gonna try to get us one No, but gross is like the full amount of gross is that you have a brain in your head that you ain't using And a poor retard is walking around drooling on himself Also a live event can be planned to coincide with the release of the film good And we have all and we can have all the players involved appear Yeah, well, it's it's like a like a release party Yeah release Any questions contact me 9 1 7 4 2 2 6 1 8 9 We could have porno sticker stops We'll put the the wow stickers at porno locations now speck are you getting uh, are you getting uh, Beep there spaz you getting beeped. No, my pager goes on and off from time to time. All right, so um, Do you have a basic idea for this porno you get all the girls involved our listeners? Yes, it'd be basically a lot of girl on girl scenes a lot of girl on girl scenes right spaz jeremy Me We filmed just one scene here of the lesbian couch of all the girls involved Well, if we can't film it here, then we just film everything in the undisclosed location We just have the casting call here. It's the undisclosed uh location your apartment. No, where is the undisclosed location right here? Manhattan it's in manhattan. We need to know because i'm convinced there's a girl tied up there right now. Just waiting for rok, right? No All right spaz Now you got you got 60 seconds to give us the final pitch The final what else can you add before we give you our answer? Okay, um, I think it's right up your alley you guys going to talk about porno a lot you guys have lesbian couch I figure spice it up by having more than one or two girls on the couch at the same time And they'll be they'll be doing everything but you probably can't describe it on the air But for your amusement off the air on the air did just stick your tongues anywhere they want And um, I just think it'd be uh good and it'd be something a little spin-off a little different from just doing the ordinary lesbian On the couch and would it be more good more good? Okay? Yeah, good. It'd be like a spin-off of what you what you're really doing it, you know, just to take it to the next level Yeah, spin-off opi a little cute spin-off show Spaz. Yeah When you when next time you get together with your uh porno friends your friends in the pornography industry. Yeah Uh, please don't bring up our names. Don't bring up the fact that uh, you're going to be like You're going to try to be the big guy that you're going to promote them His spaz is going to be the big guy He's going to be the big shot and go into his porno friends and say guys I got a way where we can make a porno we're going to uh, uh Advertise it on the opi and anthony show And uh, we're all going to get rich and i'm going to pay off my forty seven thousand dollar debt with pornography With the help of opi and anthony because that's it spaz. That's what you were doing Why else are you going to sit there? What then why not just get together with your friends and make a porno and not let us even know about it Never mind try to drag our names into it because I thought that I could bring a show idea to you You think we want to endorse porno? A porn movie you did the opi thing. No, that's not endorsing anything Did you give an orno that came out called opi does south south south central or something like that all of a sudden So it was it was a stupid quick little idea. Let's give out some to people of age. That's all Yeah, and they had to come down here live and in person produce id showing that they were 21 and then we gave them the uh, The tape but you have listening on the couch So what's the difference if we just spaz not one girl good not one girl is called That one girl was interested not one girl is called she wasn't interested she wanted to abuse you I just figured just have more than one or two girls on the couch as usual. Uh laura what's going on? I just want to know if spaz really thinks that even if us girls would want to do a porno Would we really do a porno with his name on it? I mean after everything that I mean, I don't mean to like, you know, diss him or anything But I mean he talks about giant mosquitoes and things like that I really wouldn't want to be in a porno that has to do with his name That's not good publicity, you know That's why he was trying to get us involved We yeah, if anything, yeah, exactly the publicity That's why he wants to do it on the show believe it or not and I still have our good names barely but we do Yeah, I think you guys are you guys are doing really good If this would be a bad idea for you guys to get into I think all right laura That's what we would love to do and boy the company would just yeah again Hey, god, could I get my name on that porno? That sounds great Now you boys are talking that's about a smart businessman, right? I want you open Anthony To help out the company by doing a porno Do you honestly think That that would fly you honestly you you printed this out. Do you want to go to ken stevens? Maybe no No, no, no why? Why it's a great idea for the show Why wouldn't you present this to the big boss here the general manager the one that you want to bond with and get closer with Ken steven and show him what a great idea you have so he can embrace you as an employee of this company I'm gonna put a copy my copy in his mailbox coming back tomorrow. I want to send one to mel Can we do that? We'll just throw one off in that direction and end up at black rock and uh, he could read through this. Sure. Okay I it was a maybe ken could come in and direct the scene Maybe ken stevens would want to come down and direct his own scene I'm trying uh, yeah chris from stan island writes spaz can make a golden showers video girls getting leaked on from the roof of The ww building Uh Oh my god, so if you think it's such a good idea Why wouldn't you want us to give this to ken stevens because you never give any of the other show ideas to ken stevens before we do it Usually give it to him after we do it. He actually has a good point there. Well, you know why That's us spaz. Did you fall off the train this morning? No rolling behind the train Spaz you you got it you have to without naming the station Or anything else? You got to tell anthony the other show idea you had in the office last week. Oh my god, what are the one? About the power grid Oh, oh, come on. That's a good idea too. You were serious about this. Where's better? You were honestly serious about this Get ben and rick on the mic dead serious. All right. Listen, don't name the station Don't name what power company that you have friends at Yeah, but explain there's so many of them explain your other show idea. I met somebody at uh, The wrestling who works for a power company And he said that he could shut off the grid that a certain other station belongs to and just during I guess whatever time of day we choose Uh-huh Do you know how many years in jail you would get if you pulled off that in jail? Not not just fired fired from this company Which I think now uh would do we own baskin robbins now, too You wouldn't be able to sling ice cream at this point You won't even be able to work at blockbuster after you got out of uh doing 10 years If I let me let me Let me see it again spaz came to us last week and had an idea of turning off a power grid power grid right Here in the city to get rid of our competition for a day Or you can shut down just the building itself Only an idea. Oh really? Right dying in elevator. You would be arrested so freaking fast But I would have nothing to do with though because i'm not the one pulling the switch Oh when they come to anton I very suspicious you think we're not going to you know So you don't have nothing to do with with throwing the switch But the guy that approached you if you said yes, he would do it But you had nothing you did there's not nothing uh like a conspiracy Do you know what the word conspiracy means to conspire? I said I said you could do it But I don't want to I don't want to know what to think about it. We'd all be uh thrown in jail thrown in jail fired and just Do you remember a few years back where you probably don't because you for some reason I don't know how you even got into the radio industry because you probably haven't heard any lessons There was a woman That cut a power line to a remote broadcast. We're not talking knocking out an entire portion of a Of the biggest city in the world. We're not talking about that. She cut the power line Of a a very popular radio host Uh during his show so only his show got knocked off the air They brought her up on charges that she had to get a lawyer and fight uh criminal charges and she was just fired Fine she did the actual cutting Right, so she that's why no, I actually uh, whatever. No, she didn't no she didn't it was her idea But it wasn't my idea was his idea. I said I could do it, but I don't want anything about it You can't even tell him you could do it. Don't tell anyone to do crap like that for our radio show. I I Don't want to know anything about it quickly becoming a liability You got to be smart enough to say dude, you're insane. Don't do that I thought it'd be funny. I thought it was a great idea. Oh my god. All right, and it gets better Uh spaz's girlfriend erica's on the line. We're good. Thank god. We definitely have to take a very quick break I promise it'll be quick. We'll come back and we'll talk to spaz's girlfriend erica What you don't think it's her erica Erica, yeah, can you hold on a minute? Yeah, sure. We have to take a quick break. Okay, great. It's you right spaz. Yeah All right, it's me But why are you calling? How he's going to do it his whining spaz thing? Opie wanted me to call. We absolutely wanted you to call we need your input on this whole situation Give us a quick break and you can talk about spaz and his porno idea. Okay. Okay. All right. Hold on Okay, make sure it's we'll call her back because I'm sure they don't have many minutes left on their cell phone I finally found out where the undisclosed location is where it's the st. Regis hotel Out for 750 dollars a night so the budget on this movie is very high All right part two of the spaz porno idea on the way stay there Is Spaz and nitwit and he makes me nauseous don't know why we keep him with the trouble that he caused Man's a bum with brain damage and thought process of course And he makes me nauseous Calling Kevin K. Goats spaz when he picks up the phone don't expect an answer cause his brain cells are all blown He's the biggest turd you ever heard on new york radio Oh Hey, this is louisa veruca salt you're listening to ob and anthony on 102.7 W. N. E. W. I want my underwear back you pricks. Ah, yes carcass 1-800 carcass that's 1-800 carcass bunch of people email him emailing me. Excuse me at Saying what's the other company that makes it real easy to sell your car? What's the phone number? Even the phone number is easy very 1-800 carcass. That's right in it's very easy to do They buy any kind of car new cars fancy cars bands pickups four by fours Even leased or financed cars if you could drive it carcass will buy it No one gives you more money for your car than carcass and no one makes selling it easier You know what? The the deal is that the newspaper takes forever. You got to give your number out to people that are like spaz You know you you want to sell your car all of a sudden your numbers out there in the paper Spaz is calling asking if you want to star in a porno movie or something when all you wanted to do was sell your car Fast and easy the paper's no way to do it call 1-800 carcass Fast and easy you'll be out of there. Uh one guy. What is this? He walked in 20 minutes later walked out with more money than he'd ever thought he'd have for his car So even if you're thinking about selling your car give it a shot see what they'll give you i'm sure you'll be happy 1-800 carcass visit a carcass on the web at www.carcass.com or stop by carcass on west 55th street between 11th and 12th avenues See they're not in an undisclosed location of it right in manhattan or just give them a call at 1-800 carcass That's 1-800 carcass The opnm city show other debauchery on the way stay there All right, see you on a show Earl handing out wow stickers at the satin island ferry today. Yeah, manhattan side. I think he's leaving still Let's check in with him real fast here. Earl. What's going on? What's up guys? We're in front of the south ferry subway station on the uptown Side we're handing out wow stickers and a couple people are joining us out here. We're having fun very good How long are you going to be there for? We're going to go back to the wrap-up. We'll be here for about another 10 15 minutes or so. All right All right, so get close to that location get your wow sticker. All right, thank you We're right under the underpass right on man. Thanks. All righty. Bye. There you go. Good guys Guys, I got a great idea for show we take the wow van and load it with Fertilizer and fuel oil and hydrogen and drive it under the world trade center and detonate it I was sitting with my friends rabib and rasha Nobody's done my idea like I wouldn't be driving the van so it's okay, right? You know what you were proposing with the electric power is indeed terrorism It's terrorism look. He's all pissed off gary. Uh, who's the lawyers on the line? Uh gary. What's up? Yeah, i'm on the west side. I was a crap ad i'm sorry All right, I don't mean to alert anyone but anthony really put his finger on the piece for Um, not only are you putting your own show in jeopardy. You could be putting your entire station's license Online of course license. Do you know something? How about figure this little scenario out? You cut the power grid, right? Yeah, uh somebody Because of the uh loss of power dies, maybe a few people. It's a big city. Maybe um Maybe a respirator fails in a hospital. Maybe somebody uh in the dark falls down and breaks their neck Do you know you'd be liable for those deaths? We can only shut down the one building then Oh my god. Okay. So somebody sets them falls down a flight of stairs and breaks in there, right? Someone gets caught in the elevator freaks out and frigging dies of a heart attack. Do you know something? You you could be sued I mean did were you thinking Spaz when they came up with this trouble, he's talking about criminal activity. Yeah, he would be put away forever For your life spaz the next time someone comes to you with a really stupid idea. Just don't say anything Okay, let this sort of be funny. Just say just say you gotta talk, you know Gotta talk to the guys about it. Don't make any decisions for the show You're gonna get us all screwed I always wonder when you see on the news that somebody did something really stupid and someone ends up dead or crippled and stuff And you go who the hell is that frigging stupid? Well, you wouldn't play it. There you go. There you go. Thank you gary the lawyer everyone All right, so let's get back to your porno idea The spaz porno or the open anthony porno or whatever you call it spaz porno, but we help them with it with our listeners But only women on a lesbian couch. I have a good idea for sure guys. What? Next time clinton's in town. Yeah, I could no no don't don't even say Dude Secret service will be here so freaking fast. Don't say what you want to say like, but it won't be me She's sure don't even don't don't no no Unbelievable Just in case anyone's wondering spaz does not make any decisions for our show no No, because then I don't want to go home worrying about the crap you're saying to people when we're not around Do you think corky during the filming of life goes on was going up to uh, The producers directors of the show and giving his ideas No, he's just corky. He's the retard from life goes on right they turn on the camera He gives the toothy little crooked grin And uh life goes on That's it All right. So let's uh, let's talk to spaz's lovely girlfriend erica Who is hot by the way, and i'm just saying it because a lot of listeners want to know the lovely erica They they're like is she really hot or you guys just you know being nice to her. No, she's uh, she's nice Nice woman nice looking. Okay, don't mean anything by it spaz don't get mad. Come on. All right We want to see what erica thinks of your porno idea Is it true that you were just on the phone with her yelling at her? I was not yelling For calling in erica. Yeah. Hi was spaz. Uh Reprimanding you for calling in a little bit. Yeah a little bit. Yes, you know, we wanted to talk to our spaz Why would you get on the phone and give her a hard time because like I criticized for for not Protecting her and dragging her through the air and now what I do know is that that was in the beginning when I was being called Like a sudden whore, okay Right now this is like innocent little what I think about your porno idea. All right, and What do you think? I am just shocked. I am stunned that he Thinks it would be okay with me to just check out naked chicks And what was it evaluate them? Well Evaluate them. I wouldn't be doing the evaluating No, no, no spaz. Let me let me read from your uh from your one sheet here The women will be expected to get naked be evaluated describe past sexual experience answer questions of a sexual nature And at the very end all interested women that make the cut will take part in a mass lesbian for day casting couch audition Yeah, but gary would be included too Gary erica, what's with gary's what's this gary guy like? He's really nice. I is it Well, that's interesting All right. Now mr porno and and spaz mr porno will supply some ringers too erica. Yeah Spaz is going to supply some ringers that'll get the uh action hot and heavy what i'm confused about is He's very very protective of me right doesn't let me do a lot of things and Checks up on me constantly. I don't understand what meeks Can think that that would have been like, okay cool with me And you don't check up on me i'm not saying that kevin because You freaking cheated on me. What do you want you to do? I love you. You're driving me crazy like with this crap like And of course I because we have new listeners to the show the only reason erica found out that spaz cheated on her was Because he wrote it on his calendar The calendar they they share it in their apartment The only reason why the whole world knows is because erica decided to announce it Oh now he's getting down on you. She was she was hurting Spaz you you cheated on a girl and wrote it on your calendar. Yeah, but still you don't announce it to a million people I know you just write it on your calendar might as well just add some skywriter write it outside your apartment Uh, that could be arranged like You're turning on me kevin. It's not don't get on erica about this Ask erica nicely. There's one what she thinks of spaz's porno idea If there's one ass you should just be making out with it's erica's i'm amazed She sticks by you i'm not making out with any other ass. I don't mean it in that way I mean it as you should kiss her ass I mean she you you should be blaming her for for any messes. Uh, you get yourself into For the love of god the girl is i'm amazed at her power. It's erica. Do you do heroin? No, okay, i'm trying to figure out how the hell you do it I don't really know Honestly, the poor girl is like stands by you for everything rick's puking Can't hold And the first chance you get you're trying to blame her or or turn it on to her i'm not blaming it for anything All right, uh justin wants to ask erica does spaz come up with great ideas at home Oh, yeah tons of them. Yeah. Yeah Never see the light of day like what any you can tell us Uh, no, not really. No, okay. I'd be curious though if he evaluates me you evaluate me kevin What do you mean when i'm standing there nika do you evaluate me your head when you uh when you maul her in the morning Did he maul you this morning? Uh this morning this morning a little bit a little mauling What is he doing like reach under the sheets and cop a feel what what is he doing? Yeah Is that what you do? I'm just gonna feel y'all, baby All right, so Um, can I ask about a scale you guys bought for your apartment? I heard about the scale erica. Yeah Is it true that spaz bought a really expensive scale for your for your apartment? Well, yeah, he bought a scale and said like buy another stuff that we needed What kind of scale is your 40 scale? Why why do you need a 40? He's the cheapest one there. Why do you need a where did you buy a scale a drug store bed bath and beyond? Bed bath and beyond you can go Jesus christ, do you know spaz you can go? To like k-mart and pick up a scale for about five bucks It might not be as accurate but unless you're weighing cocaine to sell to the homies. I don't think you need something Plus or minus, you know a gram It's it's scale 40 bucks, maybe you ought to cut some corners, but you know And and try to save a little cash unless of course you think that the boat is going to be coming in with 47 grand On this porno project porno Erika, he wants to go into porno. I know I know He's got a great opportunity here He's he's in at the ground floor At a radio station that's just starting to make a name working on a show that is pretty hot in the city and He he wants to go into porno. Wait, you guys you guys are missing something. That's really really funny It just shows how far spaz lives from new york city. Does anyone else hear the nature sounds on the phone? I'm here like bald eagles and like This is out there like hyena. It's like the serengeti. Yeah, be quiet for a second. All right, let's hear Now it stops There it is There's like nature sounds that's how far he lives from the city. Sorry continue He's honestly though in his defense, I guess he just wanted to come up with a good idea Really we encourage spaz to continue bringing the ideas to us. Yes And as he sits there and looking like he's gonna cry i'm not gonna cry spaz in there spaz You should realize that you are bringing Bringing some great stuff to our radio show. Thank you Are you mad at me kevin Is he mad at me Is he mad are you mad at her let's just continue on Are you mad at her? I never said so you're not saying no I'm not saying no and i'm not saying yes You're not gonna like after we're done with this phone call run out of the room and call her and yell at her You're mad at her say it right now. No Why? Because there are personal things. Can I keep anything sacred or personal? She hasn't said anything to bury you Can I can we just I I keep it as sacred in person? There are there's no sacred a personal thing as far as you being mad at her. I don't think you should be mad at her I'm not I never said I was she asked you are you mad at me and you said let's just go on That's not just move on with because that's a chick answer by the way, that's not pertinent Chick answer I don't want you to come home to do mad at me. No, what we're talking about is your reaction to my idea That's all we want to hear Okay, kevin i'm sorry What the hell is that? uh somebody driving by driving by where Where i'm standing the animal preserve You don't even need to do the sound effects you can hear them in the background There's some kind of bird or something some kind of eagle flying All right taren on line nine has spaz's next idea anthony Uh spaz's next idea according to caron on line nine a controlled brush fire by los alamos Yeah, you weren't working for uh another station in los alamos, were you? All right, anything else erica so you're not you're not happy with spaz's porno idea that he brought to the table today um, no, i'm not Yeah, no one around here seems to be the new ron jeremy I'm just not looking forward to later on Why you think does he come home and like get verbally abusive with you? I don't know that might be qualified as personal information. Oh Spaz What are you doing? He's spaz is the guy that like let me tell you takes the brunt of of of the crap at work And then goes home Come on Fast your lovely girlfriend has done nothing wrong here Just mellow out. She should be upset. It's a crazy idea I don't think my girlfriend would be thrilled if I told her hey, uh, we're gonna We're gonna make a porno and i'm gonna direct it. Yeah, and i'm gonna evaluate the girls beforehand I'm gonna try to use the show i'm on uh to uh promote it because that's what you're doing. That's not it Oh, come on spaz. I just thought I present a nice idea for you guys to participate in if you don't like it Then that's cool. Here we go spaz. I we read through this already Give me one frigging upside to doing this on this program one upside one. Go ahead. You get to see porn chicks So who can we see? Every day we see girls in here. They're usually like what we saw with the strippers the other day It's a different spinoff of how to do a different spinoff. What's the upside for this program? Now even though it wouldn't be an upside on a personal level for us to see this Uh, which you seem to think it would be I mean for a show for this program to progress from the point It is now of working its way up doing very well. How does this help the show? Because okay. Yeah, okay. Well today what do we got for the show? Let's be on the couch. Ho hum again But this time it's different. When was the last time we did that? We haven't done it in a while. We haven't done that in a while because we do things we rotate stuff But it's a repetition though of okay We got two girls who let's be in the couch and then we we elaborate on it by doing what we did We drip the candles on it. It's acceptable. It's uh good for the spaz cam. It works as far as uh, nobody getting Communicable diseases. I mean there's This it does not help this program. You know who this helps your porno buddies and it helps you maybe maybe Doesn't help me at all. I don't benefit at all from this All right, and you get two dozen videos to give to your audience I don't maybe a gross but I gotta see how much that is the company controls that not me And is there any kind of a partnership? What did they offer you? What did they honestly offer you? I see you friggin smiling. So I know they said something What did they offer spaz personally? I get to approach us with this idea. I get one thing I get I get the um But then I presented the idea and what do you get in return that I get the recognition you get no cut of Videos made I get the recognition the recognition of the idea recognition You get the but but your friends that are going to produce this video package it and market it offer you not dime one No, because it belongs to a production company owns the rights to the film. So how much is your buddy getting? So how much is your buddy getting I don't know how much he gets because he's he's the one it's going to be You know, uh, I know the producing for it. It's with a company's with a production company No one said spaz look you'll get like uh, two percent of of the gross They don't control that the company does I haven't been in contact with the company. So, I don't know Is it but they said to gary this is just Ponderous effing ponderous jim on line three. I used to think this stuff was scripted. No, this is not I swear to you stuff is in his head every single day It's a new uh, uh, no, joni eats crotchie now now make nice with your girlfriend We are nice spaz. We are going to get a full report from erica. No, you're not tomorrow Oh, yes, we will as far as the goings on. Did you ever see the godfather? No You want you watch it tonight? Do you ever see the point where um carlos? Uh is beating up sonny's sister He he like beats her up and do you see what sonny does to him? Sonny finds him on the street And proceeds to beat the living crap out of her We are going to check back with her and make sure nothing happens to erica tonight We don't need any clothes. She doesn't uh, we don't need to take out your aggressions on her We don't need to get get personal with you. We're just gonna make sure that you know I never lay a hand on any girl. We're not talking about laying a hand on anybody We she shouldn't have to uh take your verbal abuse for her calling in and discussing her feelings about this whole thing. I don't curse It doesn't matter. Just yell a lot, right? I raised my voice I've been doing that since I was two I have a habit of raising my voice and no matter if i'm in a happy mood or not when the brain stopped growing I can't believe this Do sas see the movie saturday with charlie sheen and amelia esthem is called rated x about porn Did you see that movie? No, I don't have you heard about it. No, okay The brothers that the brothers that make war and all that or one did end up killing. Yeah, they make porno All right Well erica, thanks for being brave enough to call our show today Your left erica coming forward spaz any uh, you know any any last words for uh, erica here Wait till I get home, baby No It's not our fault. We told her to call your ass is gonna match your hair. I didn't guess or no It's her decision ultimately Uh, there's gonna be a problem when you get home I just don't want to be there because I really can't deal with that. I know Would you stop dragging it on there's gonna be no problem, okay Do we need to make another 20 minute bit out of this? Okay, i'm gonna go guys. Oh man You know, you got her scared. I'm not gonna do anything. Why does she sound scared? You ever hear a scared woman when she talks like that? You sound scared erica any reason to be well, no, he's He Has other stuff going on and I really just don't need it and I don't have anything going on i'm quite afraid for erica at this point With spaz I understand things but this man could get out of hand I mean going way beyond punches to the uterus All right, wow even like tyson afraid So spaz you're gonna be cool Um, yeah, she didn't say anything bad. She really did. We'll be uh keeping tabs on you. She was expressing how she felt about your idea That's it. Okay It's bad. Okay. All right. Thank you erica. Bye. Bye. There she goes erica Calling the witness protection program as we speak Jesus christ, do we have to go that far? You didn't even go we didn't even go that far. We could have got it went a lot further There was nothing personal in there whatsoever. No witness protection It's a joke. It's a joke spaz That's right author It's a joke. So I guess uh, we're gonna have to say no to your idea spaz. Okay, but we wanted to expected it Yeah, you expected it. Yeah. Well, all right. My idea is always good Well spaz they're a little outrageous spaz. It's a little you got to admit Just for the fact that you didn't want to present this to jeremy or or ken because we never Present ideas to jeremy or ken. All right. Listen just we want you to continue bringing ideas to the table Okay, all right, but that one's just a little far-fetched. Okay All right. Okay, and be nice to erica. I'm always nice to erica You don't know what you got over there you better count you're better count your blessings. That's right Now you call it now and tell her how much you love her and stuff And we'll be listening in Can I get a phone? All right, we got to take a break after that was exhausting Oh my god. I swear though. The funniest part about the erica phone call was before you started playing all the sounds you can hear nature In the background nature sounds Uh, it goes back to finding out that spaz lives two and a half hours from the city. You can really hear it through the phone You know, usually we pick up a listener, you know in manhattan. It's like cabbies and sirens and yeah, you know, uh Construction workers she calls in and you hear like bald eagles. Yeah, I think at one point I did I heard like a hawk All right, let's uh Hello erica, yeah, erica Yeah, let's take a break regroup and we'll be back Hello new yorkers you've been hearing a lot lately about opi and anthony They're setting new standards in new york radio opi and anthony they're mature They're educational johnny is starting to grow hair places. He didn't have it before and they reinforce Family values son you coming down. No, i'm not not if you're gonna start talking about mom's boobs opi and anthony Heard afternoons on this fine station nbw Lots of instant feedback coming in anthony. Yeah, shereme from pine brook, new jersey Before spaz gets home tonight erica better make sure ron goldman isn't coming over tonight. Oh Hey, uh Stop it. I cut myself on a glass I threw when I was upset that they turned down my idea Uh the glove doesn't fit I don't have sticky driving the white bronco Uh the low-speed chase down the west side highway I gotta get home The two I would drive to slo-sper I guess a girl called in To be in this porno Oh, really? Yeah, he was working with some girl on the phone, right? Ask him. Oh just open the door. I'll screen talk Oh Did a girl call about the porno who were you talking to that Who's on line three talking to someone about a deal talking to someone about what deal A deal line three is gary. That's gary. Oh line three is your porno pal. All right popping down Yeah Hey gary hey guys, hey, what's up, man? I wasn't meant to talk i'm in the subway at 59th street now And you're probably going to be crappy connection. All right Uh, did was spaz uh offered anything for uh this video? No, but it wasn't even at that stage He told me that he had mentioned it to opi and opi needed to see something to move on with it Really? Yeah. No, that was so so yeah, so we could talk about on the air. Oh, okay Yeah, come on. Oh my god, and that was it nothing. I the production company hasn't even been spoken to yet. Yeah But this was a good way to get a promotion for a video. I don't care. I was just trying to Hello, yeah, your phone's grabbing out. Yeah, i'm in the subway. I was trying to I just offered an idea to kevin He was going to see if anything floated. I didn't care All right, dude, can you punch that guy in the nuts for us? Kevin saxophone guy the saxophone guy those guys are so annoying. Yeah Well, there's a drunk guy on the train too, but he's even worse Oh, they they think they're doing us a favor by playing a little saxophone while you're waiting on the platform and usually All of a sudden there's an announcement about maybe some type of delay you can't hear because saxophone man is uh blowing out of tune Excuse me, please deposit five cents for the next few minutes or your call will be terminated. This is a recording Cool All right, we'll let you go go get your train All right, man. Goodbye. Bye Porn producers Everything. Oh, this is great. We have to do this. What's up? I'm a certified special education teacher And I would like to test spaz and find out Uh on what grade level he is functioning. Oh, that's pretty good. The test would only take about an hour to administer and an hour to score He's got to do this He's got to do this here take this and email him back I don't care if spaz has to do it or he's not going to be part of the show anymore Cool. Let's do that Get her get that person in immediately tomorrow would be great All right, and did you hear about the bungee jumper? Yeah. Oh Who the hell's bungee jumping? I don't know. I don't have the balls to bungee jump even though I guess the death rate is pretty Relatively low claims 17 lives in the past 14 years And you know thousands of people do it. So I guess relatively speaking it's safe, but you can't tell that to the 17 people But uh this one they they bungee jump out of a cable car 30,000 jumps successfully made out of this cable car and what they do they could move the cable car I guess to a different location jump Further or or not for they did that as part of one of the road rules Yeah, where they put the cable car in the middle of a gorge or whatever And then a chasm whatever and then they jumped out. Sure. Yeah Well, uh this guy bungee jumper falls 300 feet to his death Head he did a header on the pavement on the pavement, man That's pretty terrible Uh, yeah, he's dead They're trying to speculate as to what happened And they say uh, well, it was pretty safe shortly before the man's death two other groups made a 540 foot jump out of the uh, cable car at a different location and uh, they're looking into whether they failed to change the the bungee cords From the 540 foot jump to the 300 foot ones oops That's about 240 Too much 240 feet. Yeah 240 feet a cord too much head first into a parking lot Pavement man, you know what a head sounds like when it hits pavement from 300 feet You ever see those big light bulbs and it used to throw on the ground and they go And that's what they sound I was I was at a uh football game when I was in buffalo Saw a guy there was like a hill They they used to play some sick games while the bills were playing they would they would play king of the hill Yeah, all right. There was a sick hill that was all ice and snow And basically there were a bunch of idiots up top and and you would attempt to climb up And become king of the hill and hundreds and hundreds of people would do this and people would slide down and just take your legs Out from underneath you and stuff. It was the sickest thing But one guy was like halfway up the hill so he might have been 10 to 15 feet off the ground okay, and this guy just runs full speed from the top of the hill and just takes him out and Tackles him and I saw live this guy's uh coconut just split wide open because right the bottom of this hill is just pavement I saw that from 15. Just this guy falling 15 feet His uh noggin, you know split wide open people were sick for like hours after that I got the dry heaves immediately because the sound it made it popped it pops people's heads popped So continue this story just under there just imagining, you know A guy has seen a guy hit uh pavement from 300 feet Yeah, they they actually it was so bad. They had to treat people on the scene for shock Just from them seeing it But uh, like I said relatively safe, but you'd know man never what about the never get me to do it What's super bowl was that? That's right at the halftime show. Oops They were practicing the bungee uh from the roof of the superdome in new orleans. It was there Oops for the oh, yeah for the tostitos commercial And it didn't go so well in practice. They didn't figure out how much bungee they needed Yeah, how do you work that out? I guess with a weight and uh, the person slammed into the artificial, uh, artificial turf Right. It's a center field there Even though it's artificial turf. It's pretty real. Yeah, pretty real when you crack your noggin on it And now a lot of people calling in with uh seeing guys get their heads split open I don't know. I don't want to talk about that because it is really disturbing when you see it live since All right, anthony we got to take a break we're trying to catch up here a little bit Yeah, uh, I think we're at that portion of the show to play. Uh, what did we learn on the open answer show today? Yeah, I think we'll do that next. Okay Uh I'm talking to myself there Whoops check the alq next time. Oh Phone line two one two seven five seven one. Oh two seven. It's time to play What did we learn on the open anthony show today anthony, right? Yeah Uh, I learned george c scott will be kicking the crap out of spaz after he sees his daughter in a porn flick Turn it off And syndication when bosh wiper blades come back very good, uh, vinnie from rosedale I learned earlier in the show spaz was timmy from south park later in the show. I learned timmy is more normal than spaz Uh dominique, uh from jersey I learned that the invisible man is so popular that if you send black girl a self-addressed stamped envelope You'll get your very own invisible sticker jp from jersey. I learned spaz should take a bunch of chocolate Ha ha ha And of course now let's hit the phones here, man. Uh, let's go to john john. What did you learn on the show today? Hey, what's up surgeon? How you doing? Yeah, I learned that uh, the opi and anthony couch can hold about 100 porno stars 100 100 people on the Lesbian couch it holds a gross of people All right, sergeant over now. It's a gross. Thank you buddy. Let's let's go to bob bob. What did you learn on the show? Hey bob, yeah, what's up? Hey, I learned that uh spaz is now under investigation in the cia for Being part of a secret underground terrorist cell that's destroying new york city Hey guys put the case on the ground man Thank you eric from flanders. I learned that spaz lives in the jungle stupid flanders Uh, I learned that all a girl wants is half that's from chris from jersey. Yeah Uh james what's going on? Hi guys, I learned three things today. Yeah, that's going to be the next oscar winning director Uh the witness protection program pick up a new client. Yes and to not write off earl but to write off spaz Someone's saying spaz should drive uh earl around in the white bronco that way we get rid of both of them All right, james. Thank you. Thank you guys. Sorry about that. Uh chuck you're next on the show Yeah, I learned that uh, since you did an impression of uh spaz I have to do like drink a case of beer With the opiate drinking game now, that's right. I've been doing a little more voices lately Rock on. All right. Thank you chuck I learned that if you want to get a piece from christina aguilera, you need to wear your dress yarmulke Yeah, miguel from boogie down, uh the bronx Move your hand rick sagiria. I learned that if a college education isn't enough to get ahead in in radio You could go into porno Uh, let's go to jim jim. What did you learn on the show today? Yeah I uh, I got an extra hundred bucks And I want to come down here on thursday before I take my wife to a play and I want to be the first one to beat The crap out of out of spaz Yeah, we tried that like a lot what a week and a half ago. I don't know Crap out of it might work. Yeah, I can't stand listening to him anymore. All right, it gets better every week though, man It's amazing. How do you what is he in something over on you guys? I mean, how do you keep them on the show? It's just I think we like annoying people I i'm convinced we put them on to just annoy the crap of pissing people off He's going to get you guys in trouble because people just like they'll they'll call us or emails and say you get me so man I'm pounding my steering wheel in traffic guys. I got an idea frightening. Yeah, it's really I tried calling a hundred You gotta watch the language dude. I know I know he pisses you off I was like the uh, I had one of your pictures of the guy who jumped off the 59th street bridge Yeah, and I had I distributed at work. Yeah, I had people running to the back from throwing up just from that Yeah, that's a sick picture. All right, bro. We gotta let you go. All right, Jim. All right Uh, let's go to john Hey john, what's going on? What's up, dude? Hey, let me tell you what I learned today I learned that earl is a lazy bastard because he was sitting in the van doing nothing while cycle mark was working his ass off Giving out wow stickers today. Ah, there you go Earl is the laziest bastard you ever had working on that show. All right. Thank you, bro Thank you harry sack from hicksville antony harry sack Uh, he learned the giant mosquito was busy chewing on some cancerous live wires and distorting your signal earlier I heard that's been happening all day the signals suck today. Yeah, uh, I learned what cranky ass feels like today I'm it f and sucks the radio pimp. Oh, I learned that cutting a power grid not online stifles competitors I'm not lying. It also I don't know. I don't get that one Uh, I learned uh when earl is supposed to be somewhere at 4 30 He shows up at 5 15 michael from long island today We learned that spaz is another fine example of why inbreeding is a bad thing Thanks Uh bob, what did you learn on the show today? It's me. Yeah, uh learned that stalker 2 is better than speed Obscure enough obscure enough. Thank you Uh darren what's going on? Hey, what's up guys? Hey Yeah, I learned some important grammar tips from spaz today like more good more good good And uh, how do you use the word gotten a million times? Yeah, that's good Let's see. Uh, when I write my next presentation, i'll be sure to have him proofread it for me Yeah, here it is an open casting call for women who want to be in point of all women gotten from the opium anthem Gotten Iona there it is and more good is uh brian reagan original more good more good Uh rick from queens. I learned that wendy is short for money-grubbing whore. Wow wendy I learned christina aguilera will give you genital warts Uh tony Yeah, I learned that uh black girl is really black and it's not just the nickname I went down to get my sticker today you guys rock And you got a wow sticker from I got a wow sticker from black girl. All right. Thank you. All right, my man. You missed the answer I'll do it. And where did you get your wow sticker? I got it from an e-girl Yeah But we don't call him black girl because he's black the fact is the guy Wears black every single day. We've never seen him in another color. Oh lordy lord. He's desperate Do what he says do what he says And we're coming on uh working here two years Yeah, have you ever seen earl in another outfit besides black never never ever ever never last year last year When when you made him put on the uh, the teal green yam bag, oh, yeah, he put on the banana hammock one other time yam bag uh Uh db from the bronx learned that there are some things that spaz that spaz has gotten to keep to himself Gotten to keep to it. That's hard to read spaz language And he does that no problem Uh Let's go to uh, ej. Ej. What did you learn on the show today? What's going on guys? I learned that you two could actually interview a female without her getting naked or sounding like a stupid whore Very good and for the good of the country syndication without spaz. All right, ej. Thank you Uh ronnie from landing new jersey. I learned that one can milk spaz in her old stupidity for five hours a day Hey, how about that? You're right. Well when you're right, you're right I also learned that if louise from veruca salt gives you her panties don't give them back Yeah, we did get her panties a long time ago Uh, I also learned spaz might be related to dan quail. That's ben from brooklyn There's so many great ones coming in but we really got to step aside now Yeah, we really do it's over. Uh, I learned that jane jay More is premature and he looked like a baby kangaroo That's byron from newark. Uh sammy what's going on? Yeah, I learned that uh, first of all Tom brokaw is a drunken creature creature a yankee game I wrote that uh, the killing mosquito would be the new exhibit at the national wildlife society in skoltsburg Yes, and I also learned that uh, I can't survive one weekend without hearing spaz as we can review Yeah syndication starts in skoltsburg. All right. Thank you sam. Bye I think we're gonna have to bring back spaz as we can review friday, you know, yeah a lot of people begging for it All right. Why we'll end with uh kim All right, uh kim from uh jersey. I learned that spaz's night job as a crash dummy has taken its toll God damn it sony gilbert. We gotta get off the earth. Isn't that kevin kevin from slotsburg checking in I learned spaz moved to slotsburg so nobody could hear his girlfriend's screams Domestic abuse is over here now here now. I learned this spaz. It's like ike turner All right, and others on the screen real fast joe bobby night's tirade was invisible That's what he learned today pete from rockland county alert that when spaz goes postal open and are at the top of his list I also learned that erika will get blamed Uh Dude zia these you guys are too funny. All right. All right rich from jersey learned that spaz does Does uh slotsburg is coming to what I learned that spaz does slotsburg. Oh, all right That's the name of spaz's porno. Okay. I learned that spaz does slotsburg is coming to a blockbuster near you All right, we better get out of here down the micro next Uh Nothing just just stupefied again more good This was gotten this this he's got he's gotten more good. This is this has definitely been a more good show Yes It just keeps gotten better. We're getting more good. We've gotten more good. We've gotten more good. Okay Uh, and let's uh leave our listeners with some wrestling tickets. Let's do that. I know they're all great, but we gotta get out of here You guys came to the table today with your humor All right, we've been giving away wwf tickets gonzo radio We gotta have a gonzo radio. We gotta get a gonzo radio sweeper In the gonzo style and the gonzo style as per spaz all right wwf tickets winner receives a pair of tickets to see smacked Down tuesday august 8th at the continental arena You can get these tickets before you can buy them tickets go on sale saturday at 10 a.m Through ticket master and I think we're gonna have uh, stephanie. Uh mcmahon friday, right? Live in studio or phone call calling in she's not brave enough to be in come on That's okay though. Get in here. We'll still call her a slot on the phone. That's good Uh 10th caller gets the wwf tickets two one two seven five seven one. Oh two seven Opie by far the most effed up individual on the ona show I'm pulling out my junk. Hey kids. This is called black comedy If you think your life is in the crap, yes, this is all in a that's as worse