 The Opium Anthony Summer Kickoff Party starts at 3! Stand by! Nothing, I think that's fine. Hi, hi, how are you doing? We have eagerly awaiting walking out on the stage. Remember Madison? Of course! Yes, it's going to lose us. Hello, hello, hello, hello. How are you? Look at...Rick is saying we have to speak up. No, see, he doesn't understand we are backstage right now. Yeah. He's supposed to be here. He's going to hear us in a couple of minutes when we go on stage. Absolutely. Don't worry about it. I just want to let people know that there's plenty of room at the South Beach Dance Club. There is no line Anthony. Yeah. We have about 700, 800 of our listeners inside. Plenty of room so if you're getting out of work soon, come on down to Tyneland Park. South Beach Dance Club, 50 Broadway. And Anthony, let's hit the stage. Let's go, let's see what this is like. Come on ladies, cause... Holy mackerel! Wow! Oh my God! Hey guys, how's the side doing? Fine? I do believe we have a party happening in Island Park! Look at the crowd! Oh my God, everyone with the signs! Anthony, read some of these signs. I see gay people like spads. Welcome to the Precious and Wrangler show. Very good, you smart ass. Anthony, read some of these signs. I see gay people like spads. Welcome to the Precious and Wrangler show. Very good, you smart ass. Show us your fun bags. Hey, that's a good one, the spads socks. And it's got them in various gonzo pornographic poses. The all-time favorite. Show us your fun bags. Very good. Very, very nice. Man, there are so many freaking people here, Anthony. Anthony, I gotta introduce someone to the crowd. You guys, you're gonna lose it when you hear this one. Who was listening to the birthday show a couple days ago? Yeah. Do you guys remember a lady that was doing some unusual things with vegetables? The world's largest carrot. And then she took some asparagus. And lost her virginity to a thing of asparagus. Yes, la ballonade. Very good. That's Madison from Privilege. Boy, they love ya. Butz Tech. That guy has a huge Butz Tech sign. I think the ladies are getting cheered at right now. Madison, you wanna show them something? What do you think? Oh, ah, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho. How'd you like to mow my lawn, huh? Yeah. The crowd's gonna go wild in about two seconds. Ah, she's in a little tease. Boy, you can hang your holster on that. Jesus. I'm all by her now. Look at that. People offering up AmEx. Very nice. Very nice. Bravo. And check out that sign. Funnier than a car full of hookers and an eight ball of coke. Jay Moore's on line. You stole Jay Moore's line if you were a comic. Syndication when cringe goes platinum. Very good. Very nice. Well, we're obviously just getting started. We got so much going on here today, guys. It's not even funny. In a little while, Anthony's brother Joe is gonna be on stage singing, Oh, My Dewey. Yes. Yeah, Joe's gonna come up and do one of the most offensive songs. We also have Q and Fuel gonna be doing theirs. More cans. Also, Anthony, at 3.30, we're gonna have to look up in the sky because Paul the pilot is gonna be putting on an aerial show for everyone. Yeah. All right. For the people in their cars, we're gonna play the FBA thing, man. The break that started the most offensive song contest, it was Jay Moore in the studio. He's gonna be singing the song. He's gonna be singing the song. He's gonna be singing the song. He's gonna be singing the song. He's gonna be singing the song. He's gonna be singing the song. He's gonna be singing the song. For the people in their cars, we're gonna play the FBA thing, man. The break that started the most offensive song contest, it was Jay Moore in the studio with Stephen Lynch and Mike DeNicola. And here it is, how it unfolded that started the most offensive song contest. This is the FBA, all right? Some days, you know, we're a left-right, and other days we just flat-out suck. We know it. Amtras, dang Amtras. OPM Anthony. O27, O-P-E-W. All right, Anthony, we are live, back on the radio. We're live from the South Beach Dance Club in Island Park. We're behind the stage because it got just absolutely nuts out here. We have about 100 people here so far. We'll kick it off summer in style. Hopefully someone just handed me more weed than I have seen in so long. I must say to any authorities, I have handed it off to somebody else right now, but the fans are unbelievable here. More pot than I have seen in a joint roll, just because I want to partake like now. Like I don't have time to bowl my own pot. Like I don't have time to bowl it up or anything. It's just I have a full joint and a huge bag of weed. Thank you very much. Thank you. Yeah, it's just absolutely nuts. I also passed off my weed, Anthony. You know you didn't. Any cops that are going to arrest Opie, he's in possession of narcotics. I could still run really fast. I must say, the cool thing is, we got about 7, 800 listeners inside. There's plenty of room still. There is no line, which is unusual for one of our road shows. So if you're thinking of coming, you definitely will get in if you get here within the next hour. Yeah, well, I'm thinking because a lot of people don't have today off. Before 5 o'clock, it's a show in. You're in. After 5, when people get off of work, it's going to be a madhouse. So show up early. Get here now. Sorry, I think I'm distracted. A couple more of the hoards just showed up. Oh my God. Opie. No, I wasn't talking about you. You're back. Still to come, Anthony, we're doing the Wow Wet T-shirt Contest. We have about 12, 15 ladies that have already signed up. Your brother Joe is going to be on stage in a few minutes doing one of his most offensive songs from the Most Offensive Song Contest. Yes, probably the most offensive song. Oh my pure. Spaz in the Dung Tank. What a huge attraction for everyone here. They hate this son of a bitch as much as everyone else that works with them does. And he's been dunked, I think, about 100 times already. Yeah, he came out in his Boy Scout uniform. The crowd went nuts. Call him an A-hole, A-hole, A-hole. He fell in. The first thing he does is he pops through the surface and is like, Oh, it's cold, it's cold. He sits down, not like two balls later, he's back in. He's huffing and puffing. I think he's going to die in there. Which would be great. Can we put Earl in next? Well, Rick got the bright idea to give Spaz a live microphone. Why do you think Spaz did that? High voltage live cancerous wires right above the tank. Yeah. Yeah, out of their minds. She's teasing the fact that she might do something with that Whipple Ball back. I think it's coming. You think? Yeah, also, where's the, where's our pilot friend? Is he around? People scanning the skies yet? I guess Paul the pilot is supposed to do a hair show any minute now. Yeah. Up above the crowd. Eagerly awaiting his aerobatics. Look at these little takes across the road. High above the smut. They got the best seat in the house. Oh yeah, they're on a lift. Look at that. Also, Otto and George was on stage and the crowd loving the Pope joke. They were requesting the Pope joke. So what does this get to start on? Yeah, get your asses down here. They're doing the A-hole chant with somebody. Doesn't matter who gets on stage all the way. At this point I think they get the A-hole chant. But we're just kind of screwing off backstage for now. Taking a break. I don't know if she addresses 50 Broadway because I was driving around some restaurants and they were asking listeners where the place was and I'm like, I don't know. We're walking around trying to find a clue. I think everyone got lost. What's the main street out here? Austin Boulevard? Austin Boulevard. Yeah, Long Beach turns into Austin Boulevard. Just see all the cars with the wow on the back. I was driving around cursing, slamming my steering wheel. Mother F-er, we can never find a place. Every time we do one of these I get lost. I'm like Earl. Let's take a quick break. Old Dirty, real fast before we break here. You having fun, bro? Old Dirty was just assaulting some of the girls on stage, sexual assault, and it was great. Even though he's 50 made it out today, yo. But Old Dirty, stop brown-nosing me. I already passed off my pot. Is that a cigar or a pun? Yeah, what do you got there? Oh, we're taking pictures for the internet on the way. We did figure out how to get digital pictures on the internet. Scott Colombo came down, so if you check out the WNEW website for the reception, you can see actual shots from the front. Pictures as they happen. We're like 10-10 wins now. News as they happen. Boobs as they happen. John Montone on the ones. Traffic and boobs together on the ones. Balloon knots on the threes. And as I look in the sky, it's not snowing today. No, who was forecasting snow? Mark Dannen, I believe. You didn't hear the latest, I guess. No. Mark Dannen in between the 6 and 11 o'clock news buying coke on the streets of New York. Whoa! Nice! You, my newest employee, you working downtown Manhattan with the Greek car, Monty. This is the funniest couple of magicians, Mike and Mike walking around doing really outrageous magic. Old Dirty is trying to figure out a way to turn a bucket this guy. Like, no doubt, with the three come Monty! Oh, Spaz, you look cold, man. Turn around, turn around. We gotta get a picture of this for the internet. Spaz's lips are blue. He just got out of the dunk tank. He has his Boy Scout uniform on. He's completely losing it. Oh, look, he's drooling! Freaking drooling, man! Spaz, how you feeling? Very cold. What's hypothermia? It's nothing. I'm numb. Have you been stung by a giant mosquito for half a centephyletis? Uh, I don't know. He is freaking freezing. And of course, the best thing to do when you have hypothermia is drink alcohol. That's what they suggest on the news, isn't it? More booze and more cold water, Spaz. You'll be dead before the show's over. Anthony, I was just informed before Spaz went to the dunk tank. They dumped an S-load of ice cubes into the dunk tank. Look at his lips are blue, man! I've never spoken to a goat before. Spaz, warm up, man. Seriously, warm up. Did we get a picture of that for the internet? We can't even walk! We'll be back for the live broadcast at WNAW.com. Just go to the Opie and Anthony section. Let's take a break, alright? I mean, things like we said, just getting started here. It's the South Beach Dance Club. Austin Boulevard, Island Park. There is no line as we speak. And we can fit at least another four or five hundred people in here. So, now and now, taunting Spaz. Yeah, we gotta go back on stage and talk to the crowd and get Spaz up there. So, we'll take a quick break. We'll be back. It's Opie and Anthony, WNAW. Damn, he's eating it! Anthony Paisano of Mulberry Street in the morning. Oh, little, little, eh. We should have Joey do his own commercial. Where is he? He could say, come down, get the incredible pasta lunch specials, and I'll give you a free DVD player. You love those, don't you, Joey? It's Joey. Look at that. We're doing a read for you right now. Joey, you're paying for this! Oh, like yesterday, right, right. Paisano of Mulberry Street, go down, blah, blah, blah. Good food, blah, blah, blah. Great atmosphere, blah, blah, blah. Ladies and gentlemen, Paisano of Mulberry Street. You're gonna love it in Little Italy. They got the tables in the heart of Little Italy. As opposed to maybe if you get it in the heart, Opie, if you keep this smart-ass attitude. But incredible, authentic Italian cuisine made from original, old world recipes. Where'd you get those, Joey? From the... You would, see? He'll take me fishing next week and explain it to me. And I'll end up like Freda. The portions, like we said, huge, incredible, confolonged specials. And if you ask for Joey, you get a glass of wine on the house. Check it out, Paisano of Mulberry Street, the heart of Little Italy, 965-1188-965-1188. Open 7 days, weekends till 2. 2! Can't stress, open till 2. 2! On a Friday and Saturday. We're talking a great place to take the family or a date. Paisano of Mulberry Street. Check it out, we love it. Paisano of Mulberry Street. Sometimes you feel like a nut. Fruity-duty. Sometimes you don't. You guys are gonna burn in hell. O.T.S.A. One of the most famous people in the world. Oh my God. Oh my God. Stryco Mark, you're out of your friggin' mind. He's out of his mind. He's, uh, I believe he's having sex on the stage. He's having sex with the carrot girl, Madison, for privilege. I hope you're packing more than, uh, an asparagus spear. Hey, you guys having fun so far? Hey, you guys having fun so far or what, huh? This crowd is absolutely nuts. Anthony's brother Joe is gonna be on stage in a few minutes doing a couple of his, uh, most offensive songs. Spaz, I think, has hypothermia. Did you see him coming up all shaken and everything? Yeah, we're just like Michael J. Fox. Where is Spaz? Is he getting warm somewhere or what? Oh, what? Michael is just funnier. Where is Spaz? He went inside to get warm? Alright, ponderous. Hey, Anthony, we also had a bunch of other fine, uh, young ladies show up at the back door. They wanted to get on stage. What happened there? Where are those girls? Here, let's bring up some of those girls. Those are the girls from the wet t-shirt contest that we're gonna do in about an hour. Alright. Wow, look at that. We got some contenders down there. Yes, that's gonna be a lot of fun. And of course, are you guys, uh, psyched for Fuel? Fuel's gonna hit the stage to do Baby Raper. A branded version of Baby Raper. Please, no, uh, no camcorders or tape recordings. We don't want that ending up on Napster because Fuel is gonna come after ya. Sucks to be you because we're having a great time, but if you're home, go to the WNAW website, www.wnaw.com. We're putting pictures of the live broadcast up on the site every like 15 or 20 minutes. Oops. I just realized this is the on-air portion of the show, Albie. I know. We have John the Dump Guy back at the station, so screw him. What do you think of John the Dump Guy? I don't know if you can make that out at home, Anthony. Should we try it again? What do you guys think of John the Dump Guy? I think they love him, Anthony, is what they're trying to say. They said, love you. Love you, I believe. I don't know what he's dumping out of, but that's okay. Anthony, we're going to play a bit for everybody in their cars, and then we'll be back live here at the South Beach Dance Club. Island Park, Austin Boulevard, plenty of room, believe it or not. We got about a thousand people here, but we can fit another five or six hundred, so if you're thinking of coming, by all means, get your ass down here before the wet t-shirt contest and before everyone hits the stage to do the most offensive songs, okay? Right now, for the people in their car, I think it's the Regis Minority Bit, man, on WNAW. The Opie and Anthony Show. This happened to be one of my favorite shows. I wanted to listen to it. I learned that from my ride home, I'm going to wear the pants because I think that your show's so funny, I'm going to pee myself every day. Another goal we have, everybody wetting their pants on their drive home. Why do you shamelessly waste my time like this? 1027WAW. The world's sawgust fat burner. The world's sawgust fat burner. Oh my God. Everyone here has taken stacker two. How you feeling? Look at that. Up as a pump. I believe that every single person here took stacker two because they got a hell of a lot of energy, Anthony. They're out of their minds and they all have to do a stacker two, the world's strongest fat burner. Anthony, it does three things. What are the three things? It burns the fat. It is the world's strongest fat burner. It cuts down on the cravings to a snack, and it gives you that boost energy you need to get you through one of these appearances. This guy over here is saying he lost 40 pounds on stacker two, the world's strongest fat burner. 40 pounds on stacker two. Very good. Well, if you want to try stacker two for yourself, give them a call. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker two, the world's strongest fat burner. Our listeners have proven it works. And Anthony, we are back live at the South Beach Dance Club in Island Park having a great time. Man, what a crowd. We have plenty of room still. I mean, if you're in your car and you're thinking about coming down here, come on down, you'll definitely get in. There's no line as we speak. We got about 800 people here. We could fit a couple hundred more easily. Still to come, the Wow Wet T-shirt cover. We've got a lot of people here. Still to come, the Wow Wet T-shirt contest. And you want to just bring up fuel just so the crowd can get a look at them. You guys, you remember that song Baby Raper? Here's the stick F that pet that little ditty. It's going to be performing that a little while. Also the Wow Wet T-shirt contest. But right now, let's intro your brother, Joe. Here's my brother, Joe. I'm so proud. Here he is with his offensive song. I believe, what are you playing? I'm doing a song that's dedicated to my three daughters. Just Boned My Daughter. Ah, Just Boned My Daughter. One of the most offensive songs, Joe, if you would please. I believe we have a little technical problem, Anthony, that they're looking on. Is it the on air or live, Hopey? We are live on the radio, Anthony. I mean, is the problem on air or? No, no, no. They're getting a CD. They're getting a CD key. Ah. Well, God forbid we did this before Henneking back there, Anthony. Trying to get Joe's music so he could sing, I Just Boned My Daughter. I believe we're ready to go, Anthony. Live on the radio, it's Anthony's brother, Joe. I believe we're set. And one of the many most offensive songs that came in in the past three or four months. Here we go. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. But where the hell is it? All right, this is great. Can we get a girl on stage? No, OK, here we go. They were just panicking, Anthony. It's all right. Never mind, I'm doing this myself. Who needs a CD? Shut the CD off. Joe will do it himself. All right, let's go. Here goes Joe improvising. Oh, hey! Oh, hey! My bone gets restless so I violate my little girl's tender will She's a young girl five or six Definitely three pubescent while her mother sleeps I know it I know it kind of underhanded kind of lame and foul but I snaked down and stroked her hair with my tool then pulled down her under roos just boned my daughter it felt good insisted insisted it felt fine to me just boned my daughter it felt good insisted it felt fine to me just boned my virgin I hold my hand over her mouth and I take her from behind just boned my daughter it felt good insisted best it felt fine to me just boned my daughter it felt good Böylex is best it felt fine to me just boned my daughter it felt good Its incident it felt fine to me just boned my daughter it felt good It says it best if you come back to me just for a mile Rusty, trusty trombone Rusty trombone Rusty trombone Rusty trombone Rusty trombone Rusty trombone Rusty trombone Rusty trombone Rusty trombone Rusty trombone Rusty trombone Rusty trombone Rusty trombone A man filled a pit-stump oven just to cook some juice It soaked them brown and gassed them crisp, sewed their clothes on shoes With a tooth and a stick hard as death, here to tell it to everyone that chew A man filled a pit-stump oven just to cook some juice A man filled a heated lampshade made of paper skin Leaves ripped them down in hand to dry before we threw them in With a tooth and a stick hard as death, here to tell it to everyone that chew A man filled a heated lampshade made of paper skin Oh, my dear, why did you not kill Swat-Sar-Zot Spitz? There's a rock tomb here and a sink out there Here to tell it to, everywhere to tell it to A man filled a heated lampshade made of paper skin Up tomb Let's hear it for Joe, Anthony's brother Joe, my God He's making your family proud after this That was horrible That guy gonna get a slam on the ass there That was horrible All right, Ann, we're gonna take a break. I mean, we're gonna stay on stage live, but we gotta take a break for the radio audience, okay? Is that available on CDN? We're at the South Beach Dance Club's Silicon Baby Raper live from Fuel Also the Wildwood T-shirt Contest No line if you're on your way down here, so come on down and join the festivities. It's Opie and Anthony live on WNEW I can't go one afternoon without spanking my junkie Okay, terrific And cut Opie and Anthony, 1027 WNEW You guys have deteriorated beyond belief right now Me, Opie and Anthony show Thank you 1027 WNEW Full audience sing along Hey Anthony, we're back live on the radio, back live on the radio We'll talk about the dry, you know what, a little later I just saved the rest, the Opie one I was gonna say follow the bouncing C word I understand that, I just saved your ass We're back live, how you guys doing, huh? It's the South Beach Dance Club, Anthony, Island Park on Austin Boulevard Plenty of room, no line at this point, so come on down I was just telling the crowd that Stephen Lynch will be here live doing FTA for everybody Still to come, the Wildwood T-shirt Contest, you'll do it Baby Raper and a lot of other things going on Girl signing forms, that's good, release forms Oh that entitles us to anal sex It's good, it's in the fine print Also if you can't make it down here, we understand But we are putting a ton of pictures up on the WNEW website You can check out what we have been describing for the last few hours Anthony, right now I think we're gonna, I'm getting distracted There are so many hot women here It's the girls that have signed up, some of them, for the wet T-shirt Contest Which I gotta tell you, it's a full legal pad of girls We have at least 20 or 25 girls sign up for the contest And they're leaning over the rail and it's a little distracting Very nice, they're getting ready Fun bags for everybody, yes, Anthony, okay Fun bags, as Psycho Mark calls them, even to the first lady's face Right there in New York City, Psycho Mark actually said to Hillary Clinton Show us your fun bags Anthony, at this point for everybody driving in their car We're gonna do another one of our bits from the ONA Archives A very popular bit How many of you guys, not to be here, huh? How many of you guys like when Dice shows up on the show, huh? Yeah, Dice couldn't make it, but he sent a little message for everybody If everybody would be quiet for a second, here it is, here's Dice Good now Alright, they're also setting up a huge foam thing, Anthony Yeah, the foam that our staff was so concerned with the past couple of days Yeah, so, alright, why don't we play this for everybody in their cars And we'll be back live from the South Beach Dance Club Next time we talk live, I think we're gonna do some of the wet T-shirt Contest Yes, yes But right now, it's Dice finding Jesus on the Opie and Anthony Show in WNEW Britney Spears We don't play her music But we chew her like a pinger legs back like a Tyson chicken Radio Gonzo style Opie and Anthony 1027 WNEW We are back live on the radio South Beach Dance Club Island Park The crowd is growing as we speak, more ladies showing up We got a wet T-shirt contest on the way that you're not gonna believe Wow, look who is on the stage now No, don't look at me, he's looking around like I'm looking at someone else It's you It's you, yeah, let's introduce Fuel Fuel to the crowd everyone, Fuel And we should explain so this isn't out of context We did a most offensive song contest about three or four months ago, so You're a new listener to the show, you might be offended all of a sudden here today Yeah These songs are supposed to be offensive So if you're listening on the air and you're offended, go after yourself And no one really cares And you shouldn't be listening to this show anyway But if you enjoy the program, enjoy the offensive song contest You will have known who this is Fuel His hit Baby Rape are sweeping the country And the world I believe this number one in Japan Right aside on the final tap Sex Fun Yes Anthony, he's gonna start off with camp concentration And then work his way up to the Baby Rape or song Don't you hate when the guy you go see in concert doesn't play He's playing the Bees side He's playing the effort Bees side They're just about ready on stage I like when our audience almost becomes a mob It's great, isn't it? It should be coming slowly but surely here, right? I want to say once again too Because a lot of people couldn't make it here today We are putting a ton of pictures up on the www.com website Scott Colombo working as we speak to get pictures up on the website He's got about 30 or 40 pictures up there Yeah So a lot of the pictures of the things we've been describing here You went in the guys room What are you, crazy? The abuse I took in the guys bathroom just now I went in the ladies room Alright, I believe they're ready They're ready, Anthony, they're ready You guys, let's hear it for Fuel I do love everybody One, two, three Welcome to camp concentration We've been standing here cause we're bad The Fuhrer says we're never leaving But there's lots of fun still to be had Today we're working on lampshades It's hot but they're teaching you how Has anybody seen my mother? Her shower should be finished by now Today they're teaching me cooking And boy these are bins are big Has anybody seen my father? This steak reminds me of him Welcome to camp concentration We've been standing here cause we're bad The Fuhrer says we're never leaving But there's lots of fun still to be had Today they taught me a new game It's so much better than tag We built a big hole in the ground And filled it with thousands of bags And I'm pretty sure I won Tomorrow should be exciting Science is my favorite class They've taken me to the special lab Where I'm learning all about gas Welcome to camp concentration We've been standing here cause we're bad The Fuhrer says we're never leaving But there's lots of fun still to be had Let's hear it for Fuel! Very nice. Live from the South Beach Dance Club, Island Park. Fuel getting ready for the most offensive song I think I've ever heard in my life. Where's Anthony? Anthony, really fast. I'm talking with some friends from the past. Okay, listen to this. Psycho Mark is so freaking high right now, man. He's so high. Psycho Mark is so freaking high right now, man. Let me tell you something. He took your weed, Anthony, and he disappeared for about an hour. I'm going to be honest with everybody cause that's what the show is about. We were standing out back behind this fence about a half hour ago or so. A girl came up and gave me a bag of weed that was huge. With a joint rolled in and everything. Due to pending litigation, I cannot be involved with any law enforcement agencies. So I handed my weed off to Psycho Mark who jumped around like it was Christmas effing morning. Look at his eyes, man. He is so effed up. He is so stoned. Look at you. Oh my appointments. I'm canceling my appointments. Very good. Psycho Mark. What did you do with your pot, Opie? I think he smoked mine too. Did he? Do you have my pot as well? Yeah, he does. Look at him, man. He can't even talk. Along with the pot, I got a couple of jumbos and some heroin. So it's great. I mean, people are really coming out. Alright, Anthony, I think it's time. I think the crowd has been waiting for this song for about two hours now. I got to hear the live version. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, it's Fuel. Oh, look at the sign out there. Of course. And Baby Raper. Yes, yes. Sing along if you know the words. If there's some girls that want to dance on stage, feel free. Fuel, Baby Raper, live, South Beach Dance Club, Island Park. Ladies, feel free. One, two, three, four. The other inmates think I'm kind of sick Because of where I like to dip my stick And how I always talk about the day I met that little hottie, John Bonet Whose parents did kill her, by the way I wish that they could somehow understand This is hard. I'm just an average, ordinary man But somehow they just can't seem to get While Maggie Simpson always makes me wet Here it comes. Baby Raper I'm a Baby Raper So sweet and young That good enough to eat Baby Raper I'm a Baby Raper The youngest cherries Always taste so sweet Oh my God Pick my dates up at the juice store When mommy turns away, I go for more Sing them songs Tell them that they're sweet As I whip the little babies off their feet Baby Raper I'm a Baby Raper So sweet and young That good enough to eat Baby Raper I'm a Baby Raper The youngest cherries Always taste so sweet Baby Raper I'm a Baby Raper So sweet and young That good enough to eat Baby Raper I'm a Baby Raper The youngest cherries Always taste so sweet That's here for Fuel! You guys are cool. You're a sicka Fuel. Wow! Alright still to come, the Wow Wet T-Shirt Contest. If you're in the area, you'll get right in. We don't have a line. We have a ton of people here. But no line. Anthony, did you check that out or what? I was, I had the lighters in the back. I was firing up the lighter, going back and forth. Baby Raper by the original. I mean this is great. I feel like I'm meeting a rock star here. I know. He came up to me in the back. He goes, By the way, I'm Fuel. He's like, Whoa! Fuel! Might as well just say like I'm Clapton or you know, Fuel for God's sake. Alright, let's take a break. I mean we're going to continue on stage here live. But for the radio audience, we're going to take a break. Is she happy with her large boom? I like boobs to look like young boy buttocks. Alright, quick break and we'll be back. We're going to start the wet t-shirt contest. Yeah. Opie and Anthony broadcast live South Beach Dance Club Island Park with WNEW. Opie, here comes and Anthony. Your new name is Dick. Opie and Anthony, what changed you into such demonic little boxers? I'm not a boxers. I'm a rock star. What changed you into such demonic little boxers? One, two, seven, sick ass. WNEW. Alright, Opie and Anthony, we are broadcasting live South Beach Dance Club in Island Park. It's absolutely crazy. I think we're in the middle of commercials, Anthony. Yes, we are, Opie. What a madhouse. We're backstage right now. Paul the pilot just arrived. The guy that wrote WELL over Central Park. We're going to intro him to the crowd a little bit. Also, Q. I didn't know Q made it here. Q did make it, yeah. And he's going to be performing Horney for Little Girls in just a bit. I'm going to call him in. The good news is that it's five o'clock or right about there. I don't know. I don't know how to watch, but I'm assuming it's five o'clock. A lot of people wonder, man, am I going to go down to South Beach Dance Club and wait online? No. You can get right the hell in. We have about a thousand people in here, but I was just told that we could fit at least 500 more people. If you were thinking of coming, but you were thinking, oh my God, I'm going to be online. No, you're not. So come on down and join the festivities. We're doing the Wow Wet T-shirt Contest a little bit, by the way. Yes. Obvious, you don't have to know what's going on today. You come down here to the Live Obie and Anthony Show. Are you trying to do a wacky radio segue? I'm doing a segue. Okay. But, see, here comes the but. But this weekend, what are you going to do? You're going to hang out in the city. You're not going to know what to do. You need to time out. This is the Audio-Technica. This is the guy who impulsives energy. Audio-Technica. It's great. You've got something to do. You're getting together with your friends and playing with the city. You don't want to wander around the streets going, Oh, what do we do? I don't know. What do you want to do? I don't know. What do you want to do? Should we go to Comedy Club? I don't know. Want a selfie, baby? Well, there you go. Sign out New York. Wait, wait. Tell me exactly what to do. They've got a list of things to do and hip things. Not hopping on that big double-decker bus to run over some actor in New York, like the Oklahoma Roots. Pull things to do in New York. Time out New York. The cover this week, the annual preview of the Tony Awards. They've got deprecates from Contact on the cover. And for those of you who are already making summer plans, this week's issue of Time Out has a roundup of the latest bikinis and swim trunks. Well, we'll be, yes, blue, you heard him here. Pick up this week's issue. Also, more than a thousand things to do in New York this week. For subscription, 1-888-GET-TONY, Get Time Out New York, the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment, Get It and Get Out. Anthony, I know we're in the middle of commercials, but I must say, I am very psyched with this crowd that showed up here at Southern Shantz Club. There are so many more women than usual. Check, check. I'm pretty psyched about that. All right, we're doing a photo-off. We're the little photo-off on the air. We'll be back in a sec. It's WNEW. All right. What country are you from? What? What is no country? Listen, listen, what? Uh, what? English, mother-fucker. Do you speak it? Yeah. Then you know what I'm saying. Uh, what? Say what again? Yeah, do it again. Say what again? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I dare you. I tell you, you mother-fucker. Say what one more damn time. Uh, yeah, yeah, do it again. Okay. What? Yeah, yeah, destroy, destroy. What, Munch? OPM Anthony. 1027 WNEW. All right, we are live, South Beach Dance Club, Island Park. Hanging out with a few of our friends. I don't know where Anthony is. Really fast. This is Fat Guy from airsick.net. I believe him and Paul are going to be singing Kill a Fetus in a little while. Also, I've just been informed that Q is on premises. He's going to sing one of the most offensive songs from the most offensive song contest, Horny for Little Girls. Also, I hear that Paul the Pilot has made it to the live broadcast. Where's Paul the Pilot? Where is Paul the Pilot? Here he comes. Okay. Do you guys remember when we were talking about the big wow in the sky over Central Park a couple weeks ago? Here's Paul the Pilot. He was supposed to do a little air show for us today, but I think it was too windy or something. Come here, Paul. Come here, come here. What happened? Kennedy wouldn't let me do it. Kennedy wouldn't let him do it. I thought he was dead. I tried. I tried. I tried since last night. F. Kennedy. F. Kennedy. I thought you were in a 767. I saw it come over there doing a loop. That wasn't you? Yeah. I know. If you look out, you do see a bunch of commercial aircraft. And for people to do stunts in front of them, I think they got a problem with that. They got some kind of problem. Well, I guess that could be a problem, Anthony. Yeah, all right. Hey, let's get Q up here to do Horny for Little Girls. Yeah, Q. You guys want to hear Q? I haven't even met him yet. Where is Q? Oh, that's nice. Thanks, man. He's got aerobatic pilot shirts, and it's got a big thing of puke on the front. Anthony, turn around. Turn around. Another famous person from the Opie and Anthony show. Let's hear it for Q. Q, come here. You're Q? Uh-huh, I am Q. How are you all doing? He dressed up hard. I would like you to meet my 12-year-old girlfriend. This is my Lolita right here. Say hi to Lolita. She is my inspiration. Hey, Q, do you need some more horny little girls to dance around on stage? Q just said he needs as many girls as possible on the stage for this next song. Where's some of the horny girls? If we could gather up some of the fine young ladies that came down here today. Let's get some of the ladies up here. Madison from Privilege. Get all the girls from Privilege up on stage. Where are the girls? How about the other girls that are going to be in the wet t-shirt contest? Come on up here, ladies. Come on up here. Come on up here. Come on, girls. This is going to be a nice photo op. Q is going to be singing horny for little girls. The girls are going to be dancing. It's going to be all right, man. Let's get some more of the ladies up here. All right, Q, I think the stage is yours. There you go, Q. Turn on Q's mic. Uh-oh, Q needs a microphone. Q needs a mic, for God's sake. All right, ladies, do what you know how to do best, okay? And P.A. Guy, of course, very loud. All right, I'm stepping out of the way. The little butts surround so tight and shiny, it makes you woo. I'm so horny for little girls. Oh, I want to bang them all. Sometimes I want to, and then I cook them when I am up so. Oh, I'm horny for little girls. Oh, I tape their mouths and toss them to the wall. Oh, I'm horny for little girls. Oh, I bite their ass and I make them so helpless and appealing. Oh, my own. I want to slice them off and mount them on the ceiling. Everybody! I'm horny for little girls. Oh, I'm horny for the world, no matter who. Oh, I'm horny. Oh, I'm so horny. I'm horny for little girls. Oh, come on over here, little girl. I have some candy for you. Yeah, look here for Q. That was a great little display. We are taking pictures for the WONOW.com website so you can check out what we're checking out here live. I have to check it out because I was busy singing. I couldn't see all this stuff going on. What a bunch of horny girls on stage. Thank you, everybody. Thank you. Q, I don't even know where Anthony is anymore. There's like 50 girls on stage. Opie, I'm on the West stage. Where are you, Ann? Where are you? I'm over here, Opie. Okay, listen. What a performance by Q. He was in costume in that little French getup he had with the beret. The girls just dancing around him. What I need to know is, Q, do you have another song for the audience today? Maybe a little later on. You mean 15 or 20 minutes later? He asked to prepare? He says he has another song for the audience in 15 or 20 minutes. He has a costume change, Anthony. Well, let me tell you, the crowd is applauding, but I'll tell you, it's because of bare boobs on stage. I know. And that's not going to do with the talent of Q, right. A little of the boobs. All right, we've got to do a couple things here. I want to remind people that they can check out some of the pictures from our live broadcast at www.wendaville.com. Go to the Opie and Anthony website. Oh my God, there are so many naked boobs on stage. It's not even funny. There we go. Listen to the crowd. Yeah, we just got another showing of breast-assist. You know, that wow thing never gets old, Anthony. I love with them. Look, one at a time, there are tees in the crowd. All right, here comes the next one. This next girl has the worst food joint ever. She just freshly got implants, too, by the way. Are those brand new implants? Brand new implants. Very nice. Earlier? Very nice. She just kissed Psycho Mark. Yeah, I want real. I want real, baby. Let's go. There's the real one. Whoa. Look at those gravy stains. Very nice. Wow, what a bunch of horny girls up on stage. Okay. Well, the girls are just taking turns wowing the crowd. Psycho Mark, are you sharing your pot with the girls? Hell yeah. All right, we're going to take a break here at the club. For the radio audience, we're going to play one of our best on the O&A archives. I think we're doing Hot Wax Chatter for everybody in their cars. And if you're home, go to www.opiananthony.com, Opian Anthony section of the website. You'll see what we're describing to this fine crowd here, okay? It's WNEW. All right, I think we're back live on the radio, Anthony. South Beach Dance Club, Island Park. We are live, Anthony. Yes, we are live. Let's get back on this damn stage. We're going to be doing the Wow Wet T-shirt Contest in just a bit here. Also, you guys, Stephen Lynch on the way. Stephen Lynch is going to be performing FBA live on this stage in about an hour, Anthony. FBA? FBA, yes. What a hit. I believe the girls are all foamed down and ready to go. Now they got the freaking foam working. That foam's been going the whole time, has it? Yeah. Wow. They must be a foamy mess. We were just talking about the foam backstage live on the radio saying it looked like raw sewage, but now it looks like foam. Now it's foam. Oh, they're playing and frolicking in it now, I'll think. Look at Psycho Mark in the middle of the damn thing. It figures. Psycho Mark is in there now? Yeah. That does fit. How come there are guys in there now? I see foamy guys. Wow, look at that. Look at the banner rolling out. Look at the huge Opian Anthony Wow banner. Very nice. Look at that. Yeah, Marine. Marine Division, look at that. Thank you for that. Very nice. All right, Anthony. I think what we've got to do is we've got to play something for the radio audience and their cars, and then on the stage we're going to start the Wild Wet T-shirt contest. I think that's the way to go here. At this point. The girls are all lathered up in a froth. I think they got queued up Ben Stein. The Ben Stein in the Blueberry. Ben Stein. Blows us off and everything. Very angry. All right, let's go back to the ONA archives for the Ben Stein interview when he blew us off. It's a very good little piece of material. And then the next time we talk live from South Beach Dance Club, we'll hopefully have Stephen Lynch on stage singing FBA live for everyone. It's Opian Anthony on WNEW. The Opian Anthony Show. Oh, it's too OP. Wow. Boo boo boo. Yeah. Or stupidity on the way. Rawr rawr rawr rawr. Anthony, I believe we're back live on the air. Live on the air. We are here. We are in the middle of the Wild Wet T-shirt contest. We're in the middle of the Wild Wet T-shirt contest. It's absolutely insane. Are you guys having a good time? Check it out. The Wild Wet T-shirt contest. Let me tell you, it is mutated beyond just Wet T-shirt. We just had a little lesbian for a day action on the stage, Anthony. And then the girls that have made the biggest impact had nothing to do with the upper end of their body for some reason. I think, well, if a presidential election were held here, I think everyone would vote for Bush. I gotta say. All right, well, why don't we do this live in the air? Let's get the next girl on stage. I think it's Jamie. Jamie's up next. Is Jamie up next? No, Jamie? Jamie? Okay, what is this, guys? How about Melissa? Let's hear it for Melissa. Melissa, making her way up. Wow, she got a set of hands on her. Oh, the crap. You know something? Wow, they're a little sloppy. They are so brutally honest, Dolphy. But we are doing the ugliest boobs as well, Anthony, for a hundred dollar prize package there. Oh, they're cheering stack or two. They're cheering stack or two, Anthony. That's something you don't want to hear if you're in the Wow Wet T-shirt Contest, I do believe. Okay, what do you guys think about Melissa? What do you think? The crowd just nodded into Melissa, Anthony. No, for some reason, I don't know, must be a bunch of homosexuals. Yeah, I got to remind people. I got to remind everyone at home, you can check out the pictures. It makes more sense if you get to check out the pictures, www.com. I don't know if you want to see the last picture we just took, but look at Scott working very diligently at putting these pictures on the air. Yeah, you got him going up? Oh, we need to know, look here. Yeah, he is truly part of this program. Yeah, we thought he was working hard, but no, he was trying to get a waitress over to his area. I need help, I need help. What, what, what, to upload the pictures? No, I need a beer, really bad. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay, Scott. All right, now let's move on with the Wow Wet T-shirt Contest. I do believe we have Hennessy making her way to the stage. Is there a Hennessy? A Gigi, a Gigi. A Gigi, all right, let's hear for Gigi. Gigi. Gigi. Oh, she's ripping her shirt out of Hulk Hogan, Opie. Yeah, I see that. And now she's slapping her ass. She's grinding on me for some reason that I barely know. She's going to get you in trouble. Oh, that's very nice, thank you. Hey, any of you people who video a lot of things, just show up at court, 60 Center Street, Manhattan, that'll do my case very well, thank you. All right, what do you guys think of Gigi, huh? Gigi? Yeah? Oh, what happened? By the way, Anthony, Stephen Lynch has arrived to the Southeast Dance Club. Yes, Stephen. He's tuning his guitar. Ruber has it he's doing FBA today. Are you doing FBA or what, Stephen? FBA, Steve. He might, he might not. Like when you went to the Who shows and never know what the encore was going to be. FBA, FBA. He's hanging with Mike DeNicola. They got something up there, uh, seeing that. All right, the next contestant in the Wow Wet T-shirt Contest is Hennessy. Hennessy. Oh no, what the hell is she doing over there, Anthony? Oh, I've seen this before at a birthplace in Runcangama, O.B. This is Boobies Flambe. Boobies Flambe. I've seen this before. It's the matchstick on the nips. You have to pay an extra five bucks when you go to a strip joint in Long Island to see this trick. Yes, yes, yes. All right, this is Hennessy, you guys. She's got matches on her nips, and she's lighting the matches. All the way out, it's too windy. Someone got to blow torch or some napalm. All right, she's getting a lighter from someone in the crowd. That could be a little dangerous, Anthony. She's attempting to light, light her nips. Someone just tossed a mildly tough cocktail in her head. Hennessy can't figure out that you can't light a match in windy weather, Anthony. This is very entertaining. Ladies and gentlemen, she tried for the difficult move. She wanted some points in difficulty, and it didn't work. Now she's just trying water down the ass crack, I think. Yeah, the crowd. Water down the ass crack. The crowd is getting a little more excited. We have Blue Knot. We have Blue Knot. Oh my God, you can see what she's doing. Oh my God, you can see what she ate for lunch. Hello. Hello. Wow. I believe that people from the side of the stage need to check this out. I'm over here now. Over here, okay. This side of the stage wants to see the Balloon Knot. Yes, I'm about a foot away from the Balloon Knot, Anthony. Oh my God. Billy just squared it, everybody. Someone just threw toilet paper up on the stage, Anthony. I don't know what that means. I'm just trying to paint the picture for the listener in the car right now, here. Okay, I think we've seen enough of Hennessy. Hennessy. All right, very nice. Wow. Let's move on. We're shocked. We're a shy girl there, Opie. Huh? She wasn't a shy girl. No, not at all. I believe we have Alexis. Is this Alexis coming to the stage? Do we have an Alexis? Tracy making her way to the stage, Opie. Tracy. All right, let's hear it for Tracy. Whoa. All right, we're going to have a little bit of a party. Anthony, she's working the crowd. I see that. Very teasing, very shy. Oh, there it is. Oh, there it is. There it is. Wow, the crowd really reacting to Tracy's boobs. All right, Anthony, what we're going to do is we've got to take a break for the radio audience. We'll continue the wet t-shirt contest live on the stage. Oh, yeah. When we come back, we're going to get Steven Lynch on stage, so don't go anywhere if you're listening in your car. It's Opie and Anthony broadcasting live from the South Beach Dance Club in Island Park with WNEW. Nasty. Ladies and gentlemen, the following statements did not necessarily reflect the opinion of anyone in his right mind. Now, Alan will demonstrate what having sex with a dead body might sound like. The Opie Entertainment Show. 1027, WNEW. Anthony, I've got to break into the Wild Wet T-shirt Contest. We're back live on the radio. We've got to talk about Rockaway Betting, Anthony. Opie, are you out of your frigging mind? We've got to do a Rockaway Betting, commercial, when a girl is ready to do something with a Whiffleball bat. Yes, Anthony, I'm sorry to say. Here, I'll... You just talked about Rockaway Betting. Well, let me tell you something. If I had a girl that wanted to do something with a Whiffleball bat, I would want it done on a Rockaway Betting bat. They have over 140 stores throughout New York and New Jersey. Branding mattresses like Steely Pops, Spapedic, Certipur, McSleeper, and Simmons Beauty Rest. Prices, 65% below department store retail prices. Oh, the crowd is so excited about that, Opie. Yeah, they sure are, Anthony. Only major area mattress stores that offer you a steel bed frame, free delivery, free complete removal of your old bedding. You can buy headboards, male beds, futons, daybeds, electric beds. Anthony, can I break in for a second? These people are very excited about Rockaway Betting. They love Rockaway Betting! You know something? They're so popular because they have the best prices for friendly service and free delivery to your home. You can shop on Rockaway Betting's area stores or call 1-800-TRIABED. That's 1-800-TRIABED. If J. Moore, me, Anthony, and Saz, and lovely Erica sleep on a Rockaway Betting bed, you should too. Rockaway Betting, 1-800-TRIABED, to Rockaway Betting. Alright, Rockaway Betting. Some days, you know, we're a left right, and other days we just flat out fuck, we know it. Amstrad saying it's true. Opie, I'm Anthony. O-2-7-4-2-A-W. Anthony, I believe we're back live on the radio! So does that mean I can't say the F-word? Yeah. It's so funny because we don't know when we're live and when we're not. When we're not live, we're cursing like crazy. There's naked girls all over the place. Yeah. We're going to have the finals of the WOW Wet T-shirt. Lock, lock. For the girl that will win the Wet T-shirt condos. Lock, lock, lock, lock, lock. Yes, help us out guys. We don't want to play bad-healing today because this is a good broadcast. You guys, let's hear it for Steven Lynch. Let's get Steven Lynch out of the stage here. Steven Lynch, yeah, you're up, Steven. How you doing, Steve? And of course, Mike Eater-Collox, who wrote FBA with J. Moore. We're just about ready. Steven's just plugging in his guitar. I'm surprised. Boy, I'm so excited. I'm so excited. His guitar, I'm surprised. Boy, I'm surprised it's not working with all the water on the stage. There we go. Okay. All right, guys, Steven Lynch. Hey, is this on? Am I on? Am I on? Hello? Hello, hello, hello. Hello, am I on? Am I on? Am I on? How you guys doing? I was thinking about coming out here and doing a couple songs, but I don't know what to play though. Oh. Boy, I know all of them, Steven. I don't usually do cover songs, but this one's very special to me. So I brought one of the co-authors of FBA, Mike DeNicola. Mike DeNicola! Mike has been kind enough to write a little extension to the song, so if you listen closely, you might hear some things you haven't heard before. Are you ready to go? Did J. Moore approve? Yeah, we called him up. He signed off. All right, here we go. Here, I need the lyrics over here. Thank you, Rick. Fredo, you're doing a bang-up job, man. We got some newspapers. You know, I want to swear so badly, I'm going to cry. I'm going to cry. I'm going to cry. You know, I want to swear so badly because it feels like just a regular show. I'm going to kill myself. All right, give me the lyrics. This time I'm nearing the end of your days No need to lie, no reason to fear When you're flat on your back, counting all your ribs I went to give blood, they just showed me the door I stood up to leave, and I fell on the floor full of loathing Everybody now, damn that whore Damn that whore I said, damn that whore Damn that whore Let's break it down now. Mike DeNicola's going to do a little spoken word, a little poetry. Because I know you guys can appreciate some good poetry, right? Well, the FDA has set in and he's left feeling a little low. Here you go, Mike. Well, now I've got AIDS. I don't feel so good. So I'm going to go out and share it with my neighborhood. Bartender, waitress, here's your tip. That ain't acne above my lip. Oh, you have to leave? Well, that's okay. I've got time to kill, maybe two or three days. I'm sitting alone humming this song. I'm starting to think about everyone who's done me wrong. Who's done you wrong? A fifth grade teacher. Yeah? Mr. Beck. You're going to find a hypodermis in your neck. Patients in my restaurant. What about them? The tip's blue. Yeah? Yeah. Well, that ain't half and half in your stew. Oh! And Wendy, you remember me. Wendy? Yeah. You stood me up for prom, but I won't affect her. You won't affect her? I'm going to affect her mom. Her mom? Full-blown AIDS. Damn that whore! You little f***ing whore! You little mother f***ing whore! F.B.A. Full-blown AIDS! I'm trying it again! S.B.A.! S.B.A.! S.B.A.! They want it again! S.B.A.! S.B.A.! I've got to give props to Mike and Jay for penning that beautiful, beautiful love song. You got, should I do another song? Which one? Free bird! Gerbil or Lullaby? I bought a gerbil at the penny. What, you tired of that one? You want a different one? I heard a chorus of ahhhhhhhhh. Special end? Alright. Thank you. Special end? Mama dropped him on his head. Now he's not so bright anymore. He's a little bit special. Just a little bit special. We play tag and keep getting hurt. I play soldier, he the bird. Thank you baby. I like math and I smell breasts. It like talking to a trio. Special end? Mama dropped him on his head. Now she keeps him in the shed. Cause he's a little bit special. Just a little bit. I ran track on how it falls. It ran and burst into walls. Everybody! Oh special end? Mama dropped him on his head. He's a friend now. He thinks he's a piece of bread. Cause he's a little bit special. Just a little bit. One day talking to special end. He grabbed a brick and he swung it in my head. And as he laughed at me that's when I knew. Special end just made me special too. Now I laugh as I count books. I give strangers great big hugs. It's still me. It is fine. Yeah he's a dang Einstein. Oh special end of me. Now we're not right in the head you see. Now we're not so bright instead. We're a little bit special. Just a little bit special. That grid made me special. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Special! One more song! Steven Lynch. Steven Lynch. The game of life makes you feel like quitting. It helps a lot if you give up hitting. Mark my words cause from where I'm sitting. You can't go wrong if you. Feel like giving. So sweet. There's no crime that you'll be committing. I know the law you can't get like Ketan. And if you need yarn for that scarf you're knitting. You'll get that day when you get like Ketan. You'll get that day when you get like Ketan. Either turn back time or break its spine. Crush it with your shoe as long as you kill a cat. I didn't say torture a kitten, I said kill it! Alright, listen up. If the one you love isn't quite as smitten. She'll like you better when you kill a kitten. And I'll go the Bible cause that's where it's written. Kill a pet Jesus, he must kill a kitten. Slush it down the can, hit it with your van. Drown it in a lake, make a kitty cake. Throw him at a train, make him snipe cocaine. Stick some TNT up its cat booty. Do what you must do as long as you. Killing kittens isn't easy. And if the thought makes you feel queasy. Grab a pitchfork from the sand. What do you do? You kill a puppy, dog instead. Kill a kitten, you got to kill a kitten. A little furry kitten, you got to kill that kitten. Kill a little mother, got to kill a little, kill a little, got to kill a little mother. Eight six seven five three oh nine. Eight six seven five three oh nine. What do you guys think of Steven Lynch? Thank you. Oh yeah, come see me at Joe's Pub on June 8th. Thank you, good night. Oh boo, I want to hear one more. One more, yeah? It's up to the crowd really. One more? Don't forget to check out Steven Lynch at Joe's Pub. And an album out very very soon from Steven Lynch. Anthony's getting yanked into the crowd. Yeah, he's got to be cool man. And I think the crowd wants one more from Steven Lynch. One more. One more, Steven, what do you got? What do you guys want to hear though? What do you want to hear? I want to hear... I love that one. Alright, this is a song about a ride in a New York City taxi cab. I glided him down at the corner and he hit me up at the light. Told him where I was going and we drove off into the night. How's it going my friend I asked him and slowly he turned his head. The taxi driver looked at me and this is what he said. He said... Thank you for making the time. Thank you for taking the time to register the 50 first day. Thank you for making the time to listen. Thank you for taking the time. Now I'm going to take a break. Goodnight, alright, goodbye. Thank you. You guys look here for Steven Lynch helping us out today. South Beach Dance Club, Island Park. And WIDW. Alright Anthony, I think we got to take a break. We got to take a break. We'll be back. I think Billy and Paul got a song to play for the crowd, Kill a Thetis. And we'll wrap up the radio festivities. We got to party for a little longer here. So we'll be back in just a bit. It's WIDW. The Opie and Anthony Show. This happened to be one of my favorite shows. I wanted to listen and learn. I learned that from my ride home I'm going to wear the pants because I think that your show is so funny I'm going to pee myself every day. Another goal we have everybody wetting their pants on their drive home. Notho... Da-da-dom. Why do you shamelessly waste my time like this? 1027 WNEW. We're going to be back live on the radio, Anthony. Live. See the list just did a fantastic set for everybody live here. Let me tell you, what I saw going on between the breaks that we've been taking on the air is probably a crime in 99% of the country on the face of this globe. But I believe you guys are having a good time today, huh? What? What? What? I know one girl earned about a hundred bucks up here, but if she was dusted for prints there'd be about 500 people. You count to feel you son of a bitch, I thought you. I think she was given feels for a buck at one point. It was insane what I saw going on up front. Alright Anthony. Oh, we got Church. Anthony, Billy and Paul are here for their sake. They want to do these filipinos on live, but yeah, well, it's not radio friendly. So yeah, but we're going to give it a try anyway. Radio friendly? For some, for some reason he thought that we could get the C word on the radio today, Anthony. Yeah, it happens every day. Yeah, I know we're doing some crazy things today. We always say the C word all the time. But I don't think we could do the C word thing on the radio. Alright, let's give the stage to Billy and Paul for a quick one. I think that mic's on. I don't know what's working anymore on stage after the wet t-shirt contest. If you yell into a mic long enough, it turns on. Someone turns it on. Maybe you can try the blue one. That one doesn't work. Okay, that one works. There you go. That one works, see? Okay. You yell at it long enough, someone turns it on. We'll fix it. Is anything going to happen with this Whipple Ball bat today? Whipple Ball bat! I believe so. I think Madison might do a finale. We've got to find her. Alright, let's give the stage to Billy and Paul. It's Kill a Feet is another song from the Most Defensive Song Contest, Anthony. It's a dance for you. It's a dance time. Thank you, guys. Alright, I think they're just about ready here. Here we go. Billy and Paul, airsick.net. We'll be online for more. Alright, everybody! Yeah! Okay, very nice. I think about half that song made it on the radio. It's a five second song on the air. I think so. You guys, let's hear it for Billy and Paul from airsick.net helping out the broadcast today. Wow, we're just about done as far as the radio broadcast is concerned. Yes, as far as the radio goes. But after we're off the air, the real debauchery starts. Alright, we're getting... Go ahead, Eric. Go ahead. There's like different things going on. What are you cheering at back there? Is there a wow going on or something? A murder of the gladiators fighting and chopping heads off? I see a big sign, show us your fun bags. That's nice. Wow, boy, what a bunch of signs we've seen here today. Unbelievable. Thank you. Yes, a big sign that says sex. Nice. F'ing ponderous. Yeah, I think we can do that. We're going to get a bit from the only archives because it's getting absolutely nuts on stage. Out of epic control. Yeah, there's planes flying overhead from JFK. No, it's not Paul the pilot. Paul the pilot was supposed to do an air show today, but I don't know, JFK had a problem with that today. Yeah, they kind of directed all their incoming traffic over the gig. And they had a problem with our aerobatics pilot doing some kind of crap in front of our 767s. Anthony, we've got to do a few plugs here on the radio. You want to do it as dice or something out of here? No, I'm not going to do you, okay? David J. at Strong Island Events in Bog City, specializing in festivals, can't say fundraising events. Give him a call, 516-222-1103, you basted scumbags. Okay? 100% fun of Oceanside, an entertainment and amusement company. You're news, you son of a bitches. Okay, 516-763-1386. They provided the dunking tank that Spaz was doing today. We'll provide you the banana juice, you bastards. Also Anthony, the Vanderbilt in Plainview, artistry and catering, 516-694-6200. Music first productions, New York City first and stage rattles, 212-979-0081. Who's been cooking us through the whole day? World of illumination in Plainview, the ultimate light force, 516-847-3868. Boy, these lights are hot. I think they were drying out some nips. I don't know, I didn't feel them, did you? You bastards were top of more fields, man. I'm looking over going, what the hell are you guys doing? It's like you never felt the bull before. Look at this, Tokyo. Never a dull moment with our road shows, Anthony. Long Island Rock rehearsal in Massapequah, thank you. 631-691-ROCK. VITAL TRANSPORTATION, a pain in the ass friend Anthony, the limo guy, 1-800-GO-VITAL. Thank you guys. Also Anthony, listen to the crowd when we give the next plug. Privileged Gentlemen's Club, 23rd Street, at 11th Avenue in Manhattan, providing most of the balloon knots that you saw today. And providing Madison. Madison! Madison, get up here. Madison from Privileged Gentlemen's Club, 23rd Street, at 11th Avenue. We gotta thank Chubby for allowing the girls to come down here. Say something to the crowd, Madison. You like my whistle ball, baby? Oh, how about my carrot? Anybody here got my carrot? Madison, I love you! Okay, great. Madison, would you sit on that for us? Would you sit on that for us? I love you, Stryker! And also Hennessy from Privileged to my left here. And also we gotta thank Sam Ash, the musical instrument megastore. Oh, wow, look at them cheering like this. They're cheering for Sam Ash, obviously. I believe they are. They have a big pan right on the front of the stage. It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. Alright, and we also want to thank our whole crew for helping us out today. Rick, our producer, Ben. Everyone, butt spaz. Butt spaz. We don't want to thank spaz. We want to thank Psycho Mark. Come on up here one more time, Psycho Mark. Psycho Mark videotaping everything. Hey, hey, hey! Where's Steve C? Hey! Come on, man. Hey, if you go to FoundryMusic.com, Steve C, the guy that runs the whole damn website, this guy is responsible for all the booms you see on the website. Also, Anthony, we gotta thank Big Kev. Hey, where's Big Kev? Is he crushing skulls for us right now? Where's Big Kev? Big Kev will crush anybody. You can't miss him. Here he comes. Big Kev coming on stage. Also, Jeff Norris, Otto and George. It's funny, you get a guy that comes up and goes like, you know, I want to shake your hand or something, and Big Kev will punch him in the face as hard as he can. Look at this guy. Look at this guy. Big Kev. Also, we have Billy and Paul from Airsick.net. Yeah. Of course, Steven Lynch. Who am I forgetting? Jeff Norris, Gorilla Boy. Gorilla Boy, yes. Look at you. And of course, Scott Colombo. He put about 120 pictures up on the WNEW website from our broadcast. Check that out if you're at home. Something tells me he put three pictures up, and he's been scanning for porn the whole time. Also, Mike DeNicola, who penned FBA, Anthony. The E.D. version. And Matt Tavodi and Stinky, and if I forgot you, I'm very sorry. Also, I want to thank you guys for coming on out. Joey GBD. My lovely girlfriend, Sandy, for taking all the pictures. And the abuse. Guys wanted a flash and stuff. And taking a lot of abuse today. All right, we're going to end the radio broadcast, but we're going to continue partying. All the party hanging right here, man. We got the finals of the wet t-shirt contest coming up, and also a very special song from your brother, Joe. A song we're not allowed to play on the radio anymore. The Dry V song. Oh, we got to thank the sound guy also, Anthony. Say that again. Music by Lloyd. Music by Lloyd. Music by Lloyd. Sound and DJ. He actually saved us from being electrocuted on the stage, so we do want to thank him. All right, you guys, we're going to end the radio broadcast, and we'll continue on the stage here. Thanks for coming out. It's Opie and Anthony broadcasting live, South Beach Dance Club, Island Park, with WAW. Anthony is evil, but Opie is worse than Hitler. We have a flying star here on the Opie and Kool and Inhuman show. 1027 WNEW.