 OP and Anthony 1027. WNEW. OP and Anthony. Brilliant radio. I get it fast. Oh...God! Oh my school– 107... Aoseletis. Aahh, yes! Another week of radio broadcasting. Hey, it's the O&A show! Our phone line 212-757-1027. May 1st Anthony? May 1st. Oh, wow. There it is. April gonzo. Thank God. What a crappy month that was. Out in the sea. It's going to be a beautiful week too, man. I hope so. Wow. Wow, this coming Wednesday is going to completely rock. Make sure you get your homemade wow signs on the car for Wednesday. I remember when, you know, occasionally in April you'd get a nice day. What a miserable April we had. Yeah, it sucked. Looking forward to the nice weather. Man. This rock. Well, it is the Rock and Roll Talk Show, Anthony. Nice. Alright, sorry about that. I miss playing music. I really do. Obviously, yeah. You know, we got to get our kicks off 60 second music bits. Yeah, I know. We used to play what we want, you know. Just be able to pop a few tunes on and take a dump or something. But now it's like, okay. The show's gotten too busy, unfortunately. Yeah. We would love to play more rock and roll on this show. Unfortunately, this show has become very important to a lot more people than just us. So I don't understand. Yeah. Remember the good old days? No one gave a crap what we did. Well, now we got like a lot of, let's just put it this way, a lot of people checking out our show that don't like rock and roll. So it's kind of tough to take those music breaks now because we're going to just turn off a lot of you people. Yeah, you know, it sort of is fitting into that talk show format. We try to keep the musical roots to it. But it's like talk show. You don't hear Bob Grant, Hey, how about that one? Yeah, I like that corn. You son of a bitch. Corn. Could the papers please stop writing about us? Ah. God damn, man. I don't understand what you're talking about. Yeah, we'll get into that a little later. The Ben Stein thing. That was pretty funny. I was very surprised to see any press on that one. Yeah, that was just all right. He hung up, screw him. He's a douchebag and that's it. John Minnelli writing about the Ben Stein hang up. It's like, we could give you like 20 things to write about on our radio show. That was like a minor incident. I guess because, you know, he's a big TV star over there on Comedy Central. Well, we'll get into it later. Yeah. We'll play the hang up one more time with the Richard Nixon stuff. It's really a part of it. We've got to thank Ben Stein for being such an a-hole because he gave us a great hour of Radio Friday. Yeah, let's think about it. Ben Stein gets on the phone, does a regular little interview with us. Okay, five to eight minutes of mediocre radio speaking with somebody that no one really gives two flying F's about. Right. End of story. Or he blows up at what he perceives as an anti-Semitic remark and we're rolling for an hour. For an hour. Thank you, Ben. With Richard Nixon. God, that Richard Nixon was hilarious. Jew. We'll replay that a little later when it gets slow. We'll need to take a break. I read a whole bunch of stuff on that thing over the weekend. Like on the computer reading about back then when Ben Stein was involved with the Nixon administration and stuff. And he used to call, because Ben Stein, Ben's father also was big with Nixon, writer and stuff like that. And Nixon would call him, where's my Jew boys? So no wonder Ben's a little sensitive to the whole issue. He's hypersensitive. Richard Nixon F'd it up for everybody to talk to the guy. He's like shell shocked with Jew jokes. Where's my Jew boys? Jew boys. Jew boys. Free checkers. I love it. All right, well and a lot of people on the phone lines. Let's get right to the phones. We've got a lot to do today once again. Go Nix. Big win over the weekend, Anthony. Did you see it? Did you see the L train? Did you see the L train? Did you see the L train? Like I'm doing it. I don't even know what it is. Look at Anthony doing the L train. I don't even know what it is. All right, yo. The L train. I'm a huge Nick supporter. That's just the modified FU in Italian, right? Yeah. I'm a big Larry Johnson fan, but he's got to calm down a little bit with the L train. He banked a three pointer, okay? Yeah. You don't bank three pointers. Right, right. He basically threw up a brick and got lucky. And then, you know, to add insult to injury there, he's giving everyone the L train. Like, hey, I meant to call board. No, you didn't? That was the biggest brick of the game. It went in though, thank God. Is that his little thing, the L train, Opie? Hell yeah, the L train. See, I don't know. I'm doing it. You're back in New York. You've got to know this stuff. You've got to know the L train. Well, there's plenty of other things on my list of things to know. It was an exciting game, though. I'm studying the early 70s Nixon administration over the weekend. You're doing the L train. You should study the early 70s Nick organization. Okay. Read up on Clyde Frazier and DeBusha and Wills Reid and Jerry Lucas. Dave DeBusha. Dave DeBusha, Bill Jackson, Dollar Bill from the corner, Earl Monroe, Earl the Pearl, Anthony. You're very knowledgeable on the basketball, Opie. Well, I try to be. Very knowledgeable. Could you tell us what size diameter each player's fro was back in the 70s? Big dandelion. Hey, the fro's coming back in basketball. You watch. I see. You watch. A couple guys are getting a little brave with the afro on the court. You watch. By next year, it's going to be rampant again. We ought to start the afro wall back here in this studio. We did it up in Boston. Not a bad idea. Where we would just clip pictures of people. Don't matter, white, black, with afros. Yeah. Put on the wall. Yeah. It started from my pistol permit photo. That's right. When I got my pistol permit, I had this head of hair. I'm surprised they gave it to me. I looked like a terrorist. Yeah. I had the big head of frizz on my head. Somebody thought it was funny and put it up on the wall. Then they were putting pictures next to it that resembled the fro. We're just looking at a wall of afros. Yeah. It turned into the afro wall. Yeah. If you want to mail in afro pictures, that would be great. Don't send them through the computer. It's a pain in the ass to print them out and stuff. Send them through the snail mail. We'll start our afro wall. We need an Oscar Gamble picture, an old baseball card of Oscar Gamble would help. Oscar Gamble was a good one. That hat would fly off. It would look like he was wearing an invisible hat over his afro. That was a good one. We'll start the afro wall. When it gets going nicely, we'll get a picture on the Underground website. I'll kick it off with my old picture from the pistol printer. What do you want to make the afro wall? Behind you there? Yeah. That whole corner can be an afro wall. All right. That's cool. Send in your afro pictures. Don't do it through the computer. No. We want to be able to hang it up and stuff. Russ on line 11 says the L stands for lucky. No doubt. Yeah. That was a lucky three-pointer. Hey, a win is a win. We'll take it any way we can get it. Yes. All right. Let's go to Tom real fast here. Hey, Tom, what's going on? Did you guys see Black Glass yesterday? Yes. Oh my God. I was dressed up as Hulk Hogan. It was funny to put on this freaking art. It was real? It was real. I was getting my balls off. Holy Jesus. It was funny. He also had the Hulk Hogan rant down. Yeah, I know. That was beautiful. I did the whole move every time I got here. And then he did that straight up thing and then just a stupid leg drop. Oh my God. God, I got to see that part. I missed it. I was kind of switching back to the X-File. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah, it was really funny. I just wanted to catch the main event, but oh my God, that turned out to be just painful to watch. Well, Stone Cold Steve Austin making a return last night. A little too early. Whew. That was a lot more serious than I guess we were all led to believe, his injuries, because he looked awful. He looked like... I swear to God, I thought Cardinal O'Connor was coming in with his big giant bald head as Stone Cold Steve Austin, because he obviously isn't able to work out, so he put on some pounds. He put on a lot of weight. He's got a huge beer belly now. And then he was so stiff, his legs, he couldn't move. At one point he's in the ring, he swings the chair, hits Vince with the chair, and he kind of goes down. He couldn't get back up. I'm watching going, oh, this is pathetic. It's painful to watch. The guy is in bad shape. His neck's all stiff. He can't move. Well, they're saying it's going to be at least another two months before he wrestles, Anthony. Yeah? Well, I think it's going to be longer than that. He'll make some appearances like he did last night at Backlash, but I think it's going to be at least two or three months before he gets wrestling again. You've got to give it to Vince for roping us in, man. And in the Rocks Corner, Stone Cold Steve Austin. Right. People are like, okay, well, we'll wait and see what happens. There'll be some storyline with the Rock and Stone Cold and blah, blah, blah. There's a lame Stone Cold Steve Austin, Stone Cold Cardinal O'Connor coming in, opening up a can of Whoop-Ass Holy Water on us or something. He looked awful. I couldn't believe it. It was kind of like sad to watch. Yeah, it was a little weird. Man, but it was definitely a great pay-per-view last night. Yeah, good one. So, all right, and we've got to take a quick break here. A lot of great phone calls coming in. If you guys are on hold, stay there. We'll get to most of you, right? Yes. The phone line, 212-757-1027. That's Steve. Ladies and gentlemen, the following statements does not necessarily reflect the opinion of anyone in his right mind. Now, Adam will demonstrate what having sex with a dead body might sound like. Please, hope you enjoy the show. 1027, WNEW. 212-757-1027 is our phone number. Just mixing up my crap, I'll be. I see that, Anthony. I didn't get my heroin in the office. What does Big Cab want? Big Cab, what's going on, man? Hey, man, how you doing? Real good. Let me tell you something. That show last night was unbelievable at Rascals. Oh, Otto and George? Absolutely incredible. Otto and George, Jeff Norris, two other guys I can't remember at the moment. Absolutely incredible. You guys should have been there. How was the crowd? Hysterical. Laughing so loud. I was sitting in the back with Stephen Lynch and fellow hangar on Mark. We were missing stuff because the crowd was so loud for Otto and George. It was amazing. That is the funniest puppet. Absolutely. It's even better when you see the visual. We were laughing so hard in the studio when we had him on, but obviously this is radio so you don't get to see the expressions that the puppet makes and stuff. Oh, yeah. I'm glad a lot of people went and got to see the whole act. There happened to be a midget in the audience. Oh, no. So you can imagine. Yeah, George must have torn him. The whole night. I was supposed to go, but then I couldn't get... I couldn't peel myself away from the TV. Too much playoff basketball on yesterday. Right. Jeff Norris is really funny too. Yeah, he's good. Yes, he is. Very funny. I think they're all going to do it again. I'm hearing rumors next Tuesday at Rascals. Can we announce that show, Rick, officially? Do we know? Kind of sort of. Kind of sort of. They're thinking of doing one in the very near future. It may be next Tuesday with Otto and George again because a lot of people got shut out because it was a sold out show last night. Oh, yeah. A lot of seed in the house. All right, bro. Thank you. Take care. Cool. Let's go to Paul real fast. Paul, what's going on? Hey, Paulie. Hey, what's up? How are you? All right. How are you guys doing? Great. Good. You got that special coming up on Wednesday? Whip them out Wednesday, yes. Yeah, well, I'm going to see if I can get permission to put W.O.W. over the city in the trail of smoke behind my airplane. Oh. Are you a sky rider? Yeah, well, no, actually I'm a professional air show performer. What do you fly? An extra 200. Oh, those things kick ass. I love that one on the little Microsoft simulator. Yeah, that's the one that Patty Wagstaff flies. Yeah. Yeah, well, I'm based up at Sussex. Anytime you guys want to go, you got a free ride coming. Paul, your face does all kinds of funny things, Opie, in that plane. It sure does. You can turn it up on its side and then upside down and back on its side so fast. We cruise down the Hudson upside down. Upside down? Oh, yeah. You ever do any underneath the bridge flying? I'm not going to comment. Yeah, I bet. Oh, what do they do? These guys, dude, these guys love doing this. You hug the river right under the Verrazano. Under the bridge. It's a trip. Yeah. We're not lying to you. We're up at the Sussex Air Show. That's like that kind of plane that was sponsored by Bud and stuff. You ever see those planes? Yeah, that was a Laid Air 200 that was flown by Leo Loudenswager. You've got to take in for a ride. Yeah, if he wants to go. Oh, my God. You got something you can strap open my mouth so when I just puke my guts up, I'll be okay. We'll give you a big old Ziploc bag. Yeah, that'll help. Yeah, you get to wear a parachute. Okay. You can stick up front. You can fly the airplane a little bit. What are the odds of getting wow in the sky this Wednesday? I'm going to work on it. I already got a call in the FAA and they wanted to know what I was going to write so I told them I was going to write mom. Hey, there you go. Holy smoke. Yeah, Mother's Day is coming up. Yep. And when you get in trouble, you go, well, the plane was upside down when I was writing mom. It all depends on where you are. Some people will see mom. Sure. I've been practicing it a couple of times. I think I got it down pat. I love it, man. If you make that happen, man, you've got to let us know so we'll have a lot of people looking up in the sky, wherever you're going to do it. Okay. Well, if I do it, it'll probably be Wednesday, of course, Wednesday. Yeah. Probably over the Hudson, about 10,000 feet if I can get the clearance. And it'll probably be around between 5 and 530. How big of a wow do you think you could get in the sky? Oh, it's going to be big. You can see it everywhere. It'll be a biggie. All right, listen. We've got to talk to you. Rick's going to talk to you off air. Okay. Paul, thank you. No problem. Paul the Sky Rider trying to get wow in the sky this coming Wednesday. The planes are sick fast, man. Sick. I wouldn't do well on one of those planes. I would not do well. Make sure you get your wow signs for the cars. This Wednesday's going to be great. We have a great week of weather ahead of us. Yeah. You know, I mean, a lot of people are waiting to pick up the wow stickers. You can get them at the Ranch 1 locations, the participating Ranch 1 locations. Yeah, selfie. The brand new wow sticker. You could send a self-addressed stamped envelope in. Just write 888 7th Avenue, New York, New York, 10106. Just get WNEWN wow sticker on the envelope. Okay? Right. But the best thing is just to make the homemade wow sign for Wednesday because you're not going to want to miss out. A lot of girls emailing us saying, hey, I'm ready to wow my 36 double Ds, but I don't see any wow signs on the damn highway. Got to get them out there, man. So get them on the cars. Yeah, because I mean, the wow season is finally upon us and we're very excited about it. Yeah. All right. Where else do we want to go here? There's so much freaking stuff going on. Let's go to Matt real fast. Matt, what's going on? Hey, guys. What's up? How are you? I want to let you know that you guys are now syndicated underground internationally. Oh, really? Yes. A friend of mine over the Internet who lives in Canada is now turning all of his friends onto you guys. Oh, Canada. Bunch of flat heads. Very nice. They can't stop us on the Internet. I wonder how the southern boss would react now that you guys could probably cause an international incident. Well, he's a little pissed at us today because another celebrity walked off our show. So we might get into that a little later. All right. No problem, guys. Syndication, learn underground. All right, man. Thank you. Bye bye. Bye. Syndication any way possible. Absolutely. People are spreading the word through the Internet and chat rooms, putting clips of our show all over the place. That's just something that I can't be stopped. You know how the Internet is, man. It's free. It's all over. Chris, what's going on? Hey fellas, how's it going today? All right. Pretty good. Welcome back from the weekend. Thank you. Opie, I had the pleasure of meeting your partner this weekend. Anthony? Saturday night. Yes, I was down at LeMore. The rock capital of Brooklyn. Let me tell you something. It's very strange. Anthony becoming the social one out of the duo here. I used to be the social one. Now I'm the hermit and Anthony's the one getting out there. When were you a social butterfly, Opie? I think I was more social than you were. Hell no. I think so. I was out every night. I don't know. Oh my God. You're like showing up at places and a friend's band. Atello was playing at LeMore. I went down to support him and check him out. I think you were more for the Mike Tramp formerly of White Lion Show. Did you hang around for that or did I catch you singing along to the Bon Jovi cover? You must have been doing. So we graduated from No Doubt, have we? Chris, you're a tool. Thank you. Oh man. I am major and friend. Let me tell you. I didn't hang out for the Mike Tramp set. I left just before. Actually, they played one song and the place was empty. Yeah, everybody just cleared out. Everyone just cleared out. Poor guy. It was pretty funny, man. It's Mike Tramp's new band. He used to be in White Lion. I thought he was a very nice guy. Hold on. Where did he go? Did someone hang up on him? No, he hung up on himself. Oh, great. I want to say hi to everybody that I met there. Everyone is really cold coming up and saying hi. I can't even listen to it as a joke. I've got to thank Frank. Right? That's a good one. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Right? That's like bringing back horrible memories. Frank, help me out. Frank, what did Frank do? Frank, one of the law officers in our fine city, gave me a couple of things. A couple of things? A couple of things. Just got to say thank you. I won't say the last name or nothing. Are you going to share with your pal? What do you got? I'm not saying. I just got a couple of things that are prominently displayed on the motor vehicle. Might help me out in some future issues. You know what you can do with that decal. I know. I gave it a test run today. I don't think I stopped for one red light. I'm passing cars in the battery tunnel like a maniac over the double yellow. Just because you have this nice new decal. All I'm saying is when I'm in the battery tunnel and I get behind a goddamn bus or a cement mixer, I'm not waiting. We're all moving in one general direction. I don't care if there's a line there and don't pass and the guy that gets on it interrupts your radio in the middle of it playing. I don't know how they do that. No matter what station you listen to, you're in the middle of the battery tunnel. Hello. Welcome to the battery tunnel. Please stay in your lane. Use the EZ Pass only if you got an EZ Pass. Exact change makes it more convenient for everyone involved. Thank you. Or I'll break your leg. For using the mother-ass battery tunnel. Ponderous. F'ing ponderous. I haven't heard that recording in a while. It's pretty funny. Yeah, so a lot of cool people singing hi on Saturday. All right. Thanks, man. And you didn't stay for Mike Tramp's new band. No, it was like one tune because I just wanted to see what he's up to. You got to know when to give it up. There's a lot of these bands from the 80s and they just don't know when to give it up. Yeah, it was a little weak, the beginning of a set there, and everybody cleared out. I feel bad for some of these bands that play The Garden and the next thing you know they're playing like these clubs that hold 200 people and they're convinced that the whole 80s scene is coming back or something again. Yeah. It ain't happening. Hey, I played Madison Square Garden. I'm crying over here. Did you see that? It's an old one, the true Hollywood story about dice. We got to get the audio clip of him crying on our Cineo Hall show. You know, I work hard, 12 years, and then he snaps out of it with his cigarette move. And a movie's coming and my movie's coming out tomorrow and you're all laughing your ass off. I call it dice, Jesus Christ, man. I'm crying over here. We got to bring that up next time he calls the show. I'm crying over here now. Yeah, right? Well, let's get a copy of that. If someone has a copy of that, please get it to the show for us, all right? Yeah, I was watching. I couldn't get the... I got to put a damn tape in my VCR and just leave it there. Just with the record thing ready to go. In any moment. I see stuff. I'm running around like a chicken without a head. I was watching some court show the other night. I could kill myself. I want to call the place just to get this tape. It was unbelievable. It's the new judge, the black guy who used to be like a crackhead or something and they made him a judge. I don't know. There's too many judges. I know. There's like a thousand of them. I can't keep track of it anymore. Well, there was the plaintiffs of mother and father whose son got bitten by a pit bull. And the owner of the pit bull was there saying that it wasn't her fault. Well, the father of this kid that got bitten by the pit bull could be possibly the most illiterate man I've ever seen on television ever, ever, ever. And he's crying and yelling, I'm a man of God, but I'm feeling the whole way is coming back. My child coming to cry and I'm like, it's okay, boy. It's okay. And he's crying and screaming, I'm rolling on the floor laughing. You've got to push record. I couldn't find a tape. I'm running around. I even got like so close to putting a piece of tape over the record thing on a porno tape. Then I thought better, hey, I need that. You might need that. No, I couldn't find a tape. I was going crazy. But the guy was flipping out, y'all know, I'm a man of God. We need to copy that too. Freaking. I don't even know what the guy is. We're the faithful listeners. We need to judge Sexual Chocolate Show or something. Yeah, we need those two tapes. We need the dice and we need the black judge's show. Yeah, the guy that's talking about there. Oh, no. Jeff Norris is calling to confirm that yes, indeed, Otto and George will be playing next Tuesday night. Jeff Norris. How we doing, fellas? How was it last night, rascals? Oh my God. I'm so pissed I didn't go. We were looking for you. It was unbelievable. I was supposed to go, but the Laker game was too good last night. The place was packed with O&A fans. I went on the stage and you go, anybody ever listen to Oping Anthony? It took like 10 minutes from the shut up. That's cool. But it was all, yeah, we're going to be back there May 9th. All right. And it's going to be simulcasted over the rascals internet. Oh, nice. So if you can't make the show, you can get it over the computer if you're too cheap. And... Ah, shut up, you big gorilla. I know, that's what he kept saying. Otto's on stage. He goes, I'm thirsty. He goes, get me something to drink. So I bring him a glass of water. And he has George going, I am big and strong like Arnold. I'm walking up to the stage and Otto goes, leave Jeff alone. He's my friend. George goes, yeah, he's a big gorilla. I bet if I paint my bleep yellow, he'll go for it. Take us a banana. It was the best. And then the 16th will be an Ocean Township. All right, so March 9th, next Tuesday, let's go one week at a time here. Rascals, West Orange? Absolutely. Otto and George, I'm telling you, everyone that went last night had a great time. It was great. Otto and George, I don't have a good time. It was unstoppable. Oh, good. It was unstoppable. You can't get out of character all night. I'm like, hey, good job tonight. I know you're like, whatever. Whatever. All right, cool, Jeff. Thanks, fellas. All right, see you soon. Bye. I'm telling you, you guys are going to be pissed if you call like tomorrow and it's sold out. Yeah. West Orange, next Tuesday, Otto and George doing another show. Did anyone catch the hot anal sign on Heatless last night? Get out of here. Those signs are getting better and better, man. Hot anal. I have an idea for Vince. He's got to rotate those signs. What do you mean? Because someone will have a really good sign like the front row or the second row. And then you see the sign throughout the whole event. You should somehow figure out how he could just keep rotating signs so every time... So everyone pass one to the left or something? Something so you get all those crazy signs on TV because there's a lot of them that just never make it on the air. They get very proud of their signs. All right. Some guy hung up though, unfortunately. A guy wants to play... What? Hold on a second. Hey, Matt, what's going on? Guys, how are you? Great. Dude, you guys made me have the best date this weekend. I'm going to protect the names for the purpose of protecting the innocent. I had a date Saturday night with a girl that a friend of mine fixed me up with. I met her once before. She was amazing looking. Okay? We go out for some drinks. We tie a few on. We go back to my house. She decides in a drunken state that she wants to play truth or dare. That means you're getting some. Yeah. So I said to her after we go back and forth, I said, my turn, truth. I said, Mohawk, Hitler mustache, bare wood floor. She grabs my hand, puts it into her pants and says, bare wood floor, O and A. Oh! Thank you, gentlemen, from the bottom of my heart. Nice. What show gets you laid? Dude, you guys are... Virgin. Virgin. But I had a chance. What radio station gets you laid? 1027, Fork FM, the L.P. and Anthony's station. Coming. Coming. Coming. That's cool, man. Thank you. Thank you, guys. Take care. Have a good one. All right. Oh, man, this is so tense! Nice. That is great. All right. Let's go back to the phones here. Al, what's going on? Hey, Al. Yellow. Al? Al, Pete. Pete? John. John? Sammy. Sammy? Bobby? Buddy. What's your name? Rick isolated that call from Friday when I just lost my mind when we went to the phone and the guy wouldn't answer to his own name. Yeah, that was a good one. All right. Let's... What? Has not been edited. Oh, it still has all the curses? Oh, I edited it real fast. Oh, wow, we can't play with the curses now, can we? Well, they didn't hear... No one heard it because we dumped out of the show because it was so rude. I know. You were adding a mind piss. I just lost it because the guy wouldn't answer to his own name and then we finally get him on the line and we said, what is your name? And it was the name I was calling. We were all really cranky Friday, so it was kind of funny. There's nothing wrong with us being a little cranky. Yeah, I like when we're cranky. Joe, what's up? Yeah, I don't mean to change subject, boys, but I just got something for Anthony here. Yes. You're into toys, right? Yeah. Get the TiVo system. Oh, yeah. You'll never need a VCR tape again. I know, I got it. That is so great. I'm just waiting for my wall unit so I can put my TV in there and hook everything up. Yeah, TiVos are unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah, the thing is the best thing I've ever seen in a life. You never miss a TV show again. Yeah. Why don't you explain TiVo real fast? Well, you can hit pause at any time. On live TV? Yeah, and if you're watching something and you really want to finish watching it, all you've got to do is hit record. And you can leave the room, you know, come back later and watch the rest of your show. Yeah, you watch something else. You could come in, you could have a tape and a show when you're out and then you get in and say the show is halfway done. You could start watching the beginning of it while it's taping the end of it. Yep. It's amazing. It's the greatest machine out. Yeah, pretty cool. I just got to hook it up. I've got my TV on the floor still. I'm living like a goddamn derelict. All right, guys. Syndication on the ground. Yeah. All right, thank you. Later. Bye. Oh, you can't pause ABC. I got it. Okay. Yeah, that's true. All right. Yeah. God damn, huh? That is messed up. There's no ABC on Time Warner. I can't believe it. What happened? I can't get on TV. It's my show, live, with Regis and Kathy Lee. He was so pissed this morning. Off the app. Because as soon as I knew that, you know, that there was no ABC on Time Warner, you know, I don't have Time Warner, so I'm checking out ABC with Regis and Kathy Lee this morning. Regis was just ballistic pissed. Pissed off, man. Because everything is going so well for him with Who Wants to be a Millionaire? Who Wants to be a Millionaire? And Regis and Kathy Lee. And now there's just millions of people that can't watch either show. Not in New York. Yeah. I guess Disney and Time Warner are having their issues. So Time Warner just kind of pulled the plug on ABC. It's funny because you tune in to ABC in the office. Yeah. And obviously it's not on because we've got Time Warner here. It says Disney has taken ABC away from you. You don't realize that, like, if you're not up to date on what's going on, you think that Disney owns the cable company and they pulled ABC. It's not the fact. Disney and ABC are owned by the same company. They are the same company. And it was the Time Warner that pulled them off. Oh, there it is. Yeah. Disney has taken ABC away from you. And they're telling you how you can go to, like, Radio Shack, buy antennas and switches and vacuum tubes. I don't know what the hell you need. Like, you're going to take this rabbit ear antenna thing from Radio Shack and put it on your nice brand new TV. Your brand new, like, yeah, large screen TV. Sure. Sure, that'll work. And they'll, I guess, if you send them the bill. They'll reimburse you. For up to 15 bucks. For the cost of, like, an A-B switch. You need switches. People can't even set their clock. They're going to put A-B switches and rabbit ears and tie it into their system so they know what to do. They're just screwed. Get out of town. They're just screwed. Unbelievable. Do they honestly think just millions of people are going to go out and get antennas so they can watch their ABC? Watch time. I got to watch Millionaire. It ain't happening. This is one of the problems with this big business. How long is this going to last? Until Disney and Time Warner can hammer out some kind of a deal. Well, at this point, if you're ABC, don't you think you would, you know, work this out immediately? I guess the amount of money they've got to be losing in revenue has got to be insane. Yeah, but it's not just ABC. Disney has to work the deal out with them. A lot of these companies own a lot of other things. That's what happened with deregulation. They bought a bunch of everything. So now, like, Fox had a problem like this in the past because they wanted to, they wanted the cable system that's carrying them to carry Fox, FX, the Fox family thing, like the whole package. And the cable company said no. And they couldn't hammer a deal out. So they said, all right, no Fox then. And pulled everything off of their system. Wow. It's scary because now it's huge corporations battling and who pays? Regis. The consumer. Yeah, the consumer. People that want to watch TV. We always get used. And it's only going to get worse. Worse. Worse. It's going to get worse when more and more companies just consolidate. So ugly. All right. Let's take a break, huh? You know, there's other situations in this country where let's say, let's say there's a real successful, like, radio show. Right. Some people in a company would keep them from doing mornings because it conflicts with someone else in the company. Now, years ago, this wouldn't have happened. But with conglomeration and consolidation and consolidation, these things happen. Sure. Sure. Interesting. But then again, I don't think those radio hosts would do well waking up real early anyway. So I'm speaking hypothetically. Yeah, I know. I know. But I'm a hypothetical radio host. Yeah. I'm just thinking as a DJ that I know personally, I wouldn't want to get up and fight for. So well, if one of them could put the bottle down and one of them could get off the Valium. We better take a break, man. You're killing me. Okay. I don't want the subbing boss. Stop it. I got compliments for my Ben Stein impression Friday. Really? Just when you thought I couldn't do an impression. I was like Gallagher too, almost as good as Anthony. I reviewed the Opie and Anthony drinking game. Yeah. And man, people must have been croc. Yeah, there's a drinking game out there and it says every time Opie does a voice, you got to slam a whole beer. You got to do the whole beer. Yeah, it's pretty funny. But I'm like Gallagher too. Not quite as good as Gallagher at smashing the watermelon, but I'm giving it a good effort. It looks okay from the background. Yeah. Gallagher too. I understand that. I could do... Nah, never mind. I would be tooting my own horn and we don't do that here. Okay, Anthony, let's take a quick break and we'll be back, okay? 2127571027. I'm used to the crazy people. Oh. Don't ever underestimate the cycle factor in my head. Are you mental? No, it's our show! I'm a mad man! I'm getting pissed! You sound like a stalk-raving mad person. No, she's pissed! No, no, no! Don't ever underestimate the cycle factor in my head. No, no, no! I'm getting pissed! I'm getting pissed! I'm getting pissed! I'm getting pissed! I'm getting pissed! I'm getting pissed! I'm getting pissed! I'm getting pissed! I'm getting pissed! I'm getting pissed! I'm getting pissed! I'm getting pissed! Oh yeah, memory! I'm mad! Oh, don't get mad! Why you got this to the cycle factor in my head? Ahhhh! How can you tell who is sane and who is insane! 1027WNEW. Hey, Anthony, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Oh yeah, gotta lose weight. Can you pack on some of the pounds during the winter, when you're hiding under your big coat? Well now it's May, May 1st, Opie, and the warm weather is going to be right around the corner, I hope. I'm disgusted with April. April, the real letdown. And it gave the people more of a chance to pack on more pounds. Well, a lot of people eat when it's, you know, gloomy out. Yeah. They get depressed and they just feed their fat faces. Well, now you're going to take the coat off and what are you going to look like? It's going to look like your ass, like two big things of cauliflower. Does it look like that? Yum, yum, give me some. You got the big belly over the, the big awning belly hanging over your private region? The bunt. Right. Let's talk about the bunt real fast. Ladies. It's not happening. It doesn't work. Everyone sees right through what you're trying to do. You're trying to cover up the bunt. Who's wearing the, the, who is overweight and wearing the black stretch pants in the supermarket? The black stretch pants with the long sweater. The long sweater. Or the long or big sweatshirt. Some of them don't wear the, don't even wear the sweater to pull it over the bunt. So you see, ladies, you can't look in the rear. You can't see back there. But everyone that looking at you is seeing it. You have the dual buttocks. It's like a conjoined twin butt on your own butt. You ever see that? There's a big fat butt and then right at ground zero, a small butt. That's a fat lady that's wearing tight panties. Yeah. Because it kind of like explodes out the sides and stuff. So they have the mini butt in the middle and the rest of the butt on the outside. Because you've never seen the panties big enough for that huge butt. No matter how big women are, they could buy you, oh, my panties, they're all the same size. If your butt looks like two hoppity-hops, you might want to give Stack a call. I don't even want to talk about the foo-pah. Yeah, yeah. Oh, no. The foo-pah. F-U-P-A. That's fair. Well, look, you're going to have to shed the clothes. At the fat. Upper. Fat, upper, P. Area. Area. Very good. You're going to have to shed the pounds once you shed the clothes. Stack or two, world's strongest fat burner. 45 minutes after taking it, you'll feel its effects. It burns the fat, builds lean muscle, gives you a boost to energy if you're peetering out during the day, and it cuts down on your cravings to snack and pick at the Twinkies. And that adds up to losing weight. Give them a call. Stack or two, the world's strongest fat burner. Phone number is 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stack or two, the world's strongest fat burner. Our listeners have proven it works. All right, here it comes. Anthony is evil, but Opie is worse than Hitler. We're off to a flying start here on the Opie and Cruel and Inhuman Show. 1027-WNEW. Hey! It's the ONA Show, 2127571027. I didn't think this whole Ben Stein thing was a big deal. I guess the Post read a huge article on the fact that Ben Stein hung up on us on Friday, Anthony. Well, Opie Ben Stein, I don't know, he's been in some movies. He's on TV now, so I guess it's a big issue. Especially the whole racially charged thing, the whole anti-Semitism thing that he's bringing up, which is just ludicrous. It's just ridiculous. I guess the faithful listeners know what happened. We're going to even replay the tape in about an hour. Ben Stein. Basically, we were doing a live read for Carcash, one of our newer sponsors. Yeah. We love Carcash, 1-800-CARCASH. Yes. But I was saying that if you take an ad out in the newspaper, you might get somebody that will come over to the house and try to chew the price down. Chew, as in nibble away at the price you took such an effort to make up for your automobile. Chew the price down. He was on hold listening to the commercial. He gets on the phone and goes, Oh, who said, did I hear someone say, chew the price down? No, I said, chew it down. And then he made this whole thing like it doesn't even matter that I said chew, because what I really meant was chew, and what everyone will hear is that they will try to chew the price down. Racial slur, anti-Semitic slur, so he gets all pissed off. I said he was insane, that he is acting like a lunatic, and he hung up on us. Yeah, he couldn't even deal with it. At which point we got so mad we maybe have dealt into the anti-Semitic. Well, Richard Nixon telling Jewish jokes was pretty damn funny. Well, when you got a guy, Ben Stein, who during the Nixon administration was a speechwriter for Tricky Dick, Ben Stein's father wrote for Tricky Dick, and I don't know, from what I'm reading and heard on these tapes and allegations other people have made, it seems that Richard Nixon was one of the biggest anti-Semites and racists around. He would call Ben Stein and the other people that were writing speeches, My Jew boys, get me my Jew boys. Where's Kissinger? Where's my head Jew? Ben, Ben, come here. Look, Ben, a penny rolled under my desk in the Oval Office. Go get it. Go get it, Jew. Richard Nixon, but he pocketed that check. I guess that's what made him a little oversensitive. Well, a lot of people are on the phone saying, The hippies and the Jews are out to get me. Checkers, you're my only friend. Are you a Jew hound? Well, and a lot of people on the phone lines, they're saying, If you listen closely to Ant, you definitely said, Jew. That's not even the issue. We played the tape back a million times. Ant, then he definitely said, Jew. You know what gets me the most? If you listen to Ben Stein's reaction, he says, I said, I said, Jew. I made sure I said, Jew. He goes, Yes, but people will know that you said, Jew. He said that. Though I said, Jew, he said, people will know I said, Jew. Boy, if that ain't twisting it around. No, I didn't. I said, Jew. And who cares? So we didn't make a big deal this Friday because it's our show. Stuff like this happens on a daily basis. All the time. We have celebrities walking out and stuff and then hanging up on us. The Rock says, I'm leaving. Right. Remember that one? And we have fistfights in the studio. We didn't really think it was a big deal, but John Monelli of The Post thought it was a big deal, wrote a huge article on it in The Post today. I'll beat up Ben Stein. Can I do that? Yeah, you can do that. I'm a big pussy, so I've got to beat up people I know I can take. So we want to move on, but The Post writes the article, and now Rick's telling me that someone wants to talk to us about this on the phone line, Rick. His name is Cory from Entertainment Weekly. Oh, really? Entertainment Weekly. I get that publication. Cory. How are you? Hey, how's it going? I guess we just explained the whole thing to you on the air. Okay, so am I on right now? Yeah, we should tell you that. I'm sorry. Basically, what was he coming on the show to do anyway? I guess promote his new season of Win Ben Stein's Money. Okay, had he been on before? Which is really breaking down the stereotypes there. A Jewish guy who's really stingy with his cash gives you the chance to win, and if you win his money, he gets all pissed off. Boy, really breaking down some stereotypes there, Ben. Now, had you had run-ins with him before? No, it was the first time we saw him on the show. We were going to have him on, be very cordial, like we are with all of our guests, until something happens. Does Cory listen to the Ophi-Depthi show? From time to time. I hear the sarcasm in your voice there, Cory. We never draw first blood, Cory. We never draw first blood. But we were just going to let him plug his show, and I actually wanted to get into a little bit about when he was a speechwriter for Nixon. That's interesting. And right off the bat, he was on hold listening to that spot. He heard what he thought he heard. Even then, I was fine with it because if he thought he heard me say, and he still was pounding me, like I was painting swastikas on my forehead and marching down Ocean Parkway, the guy came off like a lunatic, and I called him that. I said he was insane and acting like a madman. Did you guys reconcile this at all, or did it just end when he hung up the phone? No, he hung up the phone. We actually tried to get him back on the phone, because he was just a little bit upset. No, he hung up the phone. We actually tried to get him back on the phone, because even then I thought maybe he had this little sense of humor in him somewhere and he was playing some kind of joke. But no, he is insane. He is a mad person. Could you understand, though, how he might have... I mean, is that a phrase commonly used, too? I have heard it and used it many times. Where it comes from, who the hell knows? If it came from Jew down, fine. But I didn't say Jew down. Right. I mean, maybe he thought it was in some way derivative of that. I don't know. You know what he thought? He thought that Jew is too close to Jew, and that's why he went crazy, which is so friggin' dangerous. If we start getting to a point in this country where things that sound like something that's offensive are offensive, then just cash it in. Can I get an island somewhere, somewhere in the Pacific where I could be left alone? Because that is dangerous ground. Mostly people supporting our side. That was completely ridiculous. Except for some Jews. Corey, have you heard the whole thing? No, I'm about to get the tape from you guys. I will send you the tape. You listen to yourself and you know something? Whenever I'm speaking on the air, I try to have a split-second delay in my head, just so I know where I stand when crap pops out of my mouth. And I said, okay, I'm going to say Jew down. Let me make sure I enunciate Jew down so as not to cause a problem. Not that I care about a problem, but I just didn't want one in a commercial read. You know what I mean? Right, right. I said, chew down. You heard it. Everyone heard it as chew down, except Ben Stein. I heard Jew. I heard you call me a kike. He lost his friggin mind. The guy's insane. He's certifiably insane. You know that booth they lock him in on Win Ben Stein's money? Lock it and leave him in there, because he's dangerous to society. Now, read about the Nixon jokes you guys have been making. Is this a little bit out of context? That's just comedy. That's just funny stuff. Besides, we use characters. It's okay, because we use characters. Now, you know any of the history of Richard Nixon? Oh, yeah. I mean, it's obviously a bit. He wasn't the most racially sensitive person in the White House. There are tapes and documentation and people that will attest to that, that he was always going around saying that. And, you know, Ben worked for the man. Right, right. Just curious, what are both of your guys' ethnic backgrounds? I'm 100% German. I'm kidding. Jesus Christ. Who's speaking? No, I'm not. It's Anthony. I'm Italian. We changed sides in the war when we saw who was losing. I'm a mutt. I'm an American mutt. I'm a little of everything. I got some German in there, some Pollock, you know. Is there anything you guys would like to add on this? Did I mention Ben Stein is insane? I think you did. Okay, that's all I want to really get across. Now, Corey, are you going to be writing a little piece on this? Yeah, we'll probably be doing a bit. Yeah? A little bit? Cool. Well, let us know, because our listeners will pick up your fine publication there. We'll send you a cool picture of me dressed in an SS uniform. It's really snappy. I'm sure we'd appreciate that over here. You know what? I found the Ben Stein tape. I think we can just play it going into commercials here. Right now? Yeah. You got a radio? Should I just stay on the line there? Yeah, you can do that. Okay. Anything else you need, Corey? No, that's it. Okay. Anything you or the fine people at Entertainment Weekly need in the future, don't hesitate to call. Okay. Corey, thank you. We'll play it right now. Hold on. Thanks. Oh my God, I think I just hung myself out to draw. Yeah, that'll be taken out of context. I'm going to look like the biggest racist ever. All right, listen, we're going to play this later, but why don't we just do it, okay, and get out of the way? For some reason, it's a huge controversy today, so let's get right into it. Rick, where does this start? Because I don't know where you picked this up. Pretty much starts talking about you guys talking about the call that just happened. So it's happening after the fact. All right. So this is after Ben Stein hung up on us, and then we're like, I can't believe he hung up on us, and then we replayed the commercial and Ben Stein hanging up on us. Okay. All right, that's good. Let's go to break with this. We'll be back in a little bit. Corey, this is for you. But right now we've got to say hi to Ben Stein, Anthony. Ben Stein. Hey, Ben. Hi, how are you? There he is. Did I just hear you do an ad where you said somebody was going to chew down the price of a car? No, we said chew down. You just said chew down. Oh, that's a lot different. We wouldn't say chew down on a commercial. We would say it during the show, but not during a paid advertisement, Ben. Okay. You being of Jewish background, I would take it, Ben. Yeah, of course. And if we were going to say something like that, we certainly wouldn't say it just before we talked to Ben Stein. I see. You sure fooled me. Oh my God, are we going to get off on a bad foot with Ben Stein right from the start? Well, I really think that's a jackass thing to do. But we said chew down. Well, it sounds just like chew down. Oh my God. Well, I mean, come on. That's a crappy thing to do. That's just an absolutely explicit invitation to racism. Well, it's a term that is used, chew, not Jew. I wouldn't have said Jew down. You know, like a beaver would go at a tree. He would chew down the tree. Well, it sounds just like Jew down, and anybody who's listening to it is going to know you're saying Jew down with a tiny, tiny chain. Oh my God, Ben. Are you kidding me? Oh my God, Ben. Are you this insane? Are you actually this insanely crazy that you're arguing over chew or Jew down? Hello, Ben? I think he just hung up. Ben Stein just hung up. The Opie and Anthony Show. Theater of the Mindless. Theater of the Mindless? Ah, and if you were just tuning in, we just made some Asinine comments to Entertainment Weekly. I can't imagine it's going to be a positive article on you and I, Anthony, and Entertainment Weekly. Yeah, yeah. They've jumped on to the Ben Stein controversy, which is a little interview. Yeah, some guy emailed and said, you don't think Entertainment Weekly is going to do a positive article on YouTube. He sounded a little too pro-Ben Stein. Well, no, we're not delusional, believe me. And we don't care. I think it would be pretty funny if they trashed us in Entertainment Weekly. I think, as far as I'm concerned with this whole thing, it's very silly yet entertaining. And as far as the issue goes of any anti-Semitism, I think the facts and the tapes and what I've said and what Ben Stein said speaks for itself. I don't have to, I don't have to figure anything out. Leave it up to people that heard it. There you go. This filter, by the way. Richard Patrick's old bandmates, Nine Inch Nails. Anthony, coming to town next week for two shows, May 9th at the Garden, May 10th at the Coliseum, Nine Inch Nails. And we've got two fun shows to check out tonight. Yes. We've got the Mighty, Mighty Blossom Stones at the Bowery Ballroom and Oasis at Radio City Music Hall tonight. Oh, really? If you're lucky, maybe the brothers will get into a huge fight on stage, beat each other up. That'll be good. Let me get the song if you want to get into this a little bit. Ah, yeah. Oasis at Radio City Music Hall tonight. Play it right, you wanker. I wonder if they'll be sober. Never know. Ah! Ah! Just beating the crap out of each other a little bit quite. Yeah. Okay, brother. What are you people, honjo? Are you my pal? Ouch! Ouch! We don't have to do that for a second. But you get the idea. You get the idea. Yeah, they're not known for really getting along with each other. Although you've got to give them a lot of credit for actually sticking together. A lot of people, even though they can make a boatload of cash, they break up. No, they need each other. And they don't get along. It helps their image, knowing at any moment they can beat the hell out of each other on stage. Like the brothers from... I mean, it's no white line, Anthony, but you know. I didn't go there to see white lines. It's a shut-off. Sylvia has a question. Sylvia, what's going on? Hey, I wanted to see if you guys could give me a little advice on how I can be an active listener to your show. We like active listeners. Basically, to be an active listener, you've got to listen to the show a lot. And you've got to wow guys. I don't know where to go to do that. I don't know where to go to do that. Just hit the highways and byways. Look for a guy's car that has a wow on it and then show them your little hooters there. All right? All right. We don't know what you're asking, really. Well, because I've been trying for a while and I just don't seem to find those guys with the wow on their car. Well, the season has just begun, so... What are you laughing at, Ann? Screwed. Why? I got to go. Ann found something. What do you mean we're screwed? Thank Keith from Manhattan for checking in with this one on Instant Feedback. Corey from Entertainment Weekly is on the racism beat. This is his last piece in the mag. You're done for. India, Inc. by Corey. I won't mention his letter. Well, it's in the paper. Takahashi. Oh, no. This is the guy that just interviewed us for Entertainment Weekly. India. This is what he writes. India, already at odds with Pakistan, has found a new enemy. The Academy Awards. After the Sixth Sense, directed by Indian-born M. Night Shyamalan. What's his name? Shyamalan. Yeah. Came away with nary a salute. The subcontinent's media went into attack mode. The Times of India cried cultural racism, while the Pioneer headlined an article, and the Oscar goes to Apartheid, dismissing Oscar-fave American Beauty as a fluffy film about Yankee suburbia. He didn't write all these quotes. He just was commenting on how India was reacting to the Academy Awards. Let's see. It's not racism. Yeah, he was just commenting on what India is. But I guess that is his forte in the magazine. Something like that. Well, we'll have to... I'm sure he'll be fair and impartial, as a reporter should be. Yeah, that'll happen. What? Dice. Is that the real Dice calling us in? Calling in today? I don't know. Let's hear. Hello, hello, hello. Hello? Dice? Yeah. Hey, Dice. Who's this? Opie and Anthony. You're on the air. What's up? How come I hardly hear you? Ah, God damn. We hear you. What's wrong with your phone? It's your phone. Push some buttons. What's going on? You have nothing to do today? You had a call. Where are you? You don't think it's me? It is definitely Dice. No, it's you. You want to know the truth why I'm calling in? Why? I know it's going to sound crazy to you, but I had such a good time talking to you guys last week, and I had to call you, just to tell you, because it was such a jolt. When I called in, I thought I'd just call in, happy birthday, you know, the bowl. You know what I mean? Yeah. But you guys were so terrific, and it became so much fun, it made me want to do stuff again. I'm telling you the truth. And I want to call you and tell you. I mean, that's what you did. That's what, like, you got me like crazy. Really? You're like the soft sensitive Dice here. No, no, I'm not being soft. I mean, never thought to me that is. It was like I was thinking about it all the way. I mean, I got on stage every night after that. You know, because there's been certain things going on that I don't feel like doing. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, does this, you got to understand, and you'll see what I'm talking about, like with Anthony, like, you know, I was goofing on the, you know, the whole divorce situation. Sure. You know what I mean? Yeah. But don't think I don't feel bad for you also. I wanted you to know that. Oh, Dice, thank you. No, because I know what somebody goes through. I've been down that road. Yeah. Well, we're, no, we know you were joking with us. No, I know, and it's a lot of fun, and I love destroying people and ripping people to shreds. You know, and that, you know, and it brings, you know, like, when we talk about your misery. Right. You know what I mean? It's fun. Your life is basically in the dungeon now. Right. You know, and then, you know, we could all laugh about it, but then you're in the courtroom and she's taking every penny you're going to make for the next 20 years. Was that you on the back bench? A lot of fun. Hey, Dice, was that you on the back bench? He was talking about me because I'm thinking, hey, boy, I'm glad I'm not him. You know what I mean? Well, you're making me feel better already, Dice. You know what I mean? But I've been down that road. Right. You know, when you get your heart ripped out, and then, you know, you go home from after being on the radio show and now you're sitting there all alone going, I hate me. I hate the life I'm leading. I'm on the radio every day making people laugh. In the meantime, you're getting your heart torn out because you're a black midget wrestler. But I also understand that end of it. Well, Dice, I'm doing... On the other end... Here we go. No, but on the other end, you know, that's what you've got to do to make people laugh. Right. You know what I mean? But it's not all doom and gloom. I mean, I'm doing all right. No, I know that. But I actually called in on a day. I wasn't feeling too great about me. You weren't? Dice, look. No, and everybody has those days. Dice, what was going on? Dice, let me interrupt you really fast and just say that your call last week on the radio was one of the best things we've done since moving back to New York. Really? The feedback, the email, the phone calls after you hung up was unbelievable. You're funny son of a bitch. Everybody wants to hear that segment again. I love doing comedy, but that particular... It's like I got this thing... You know, I've been working on like a new two hours of material. Like I told you, I've been playing, you know, just the Venetian in Vegas. Vegas. And from what I heard... Of course, I don't want to go... You know, I know what it is when I put something out and I know what I have to absorb. Dice, is it true that you're one of the highest... You are the highest paid comic in Vegas? Yeah. All right. I heard that on the... You know, everybody knows what I've done. Sure. You know what I mean? I created history in a lot of ways. I get comics coming over to me all the time going, the only reason I became a comic is because of you. And that's a good feeling. Right. I know when I put something out, what I'm going to have to deal with as far as media and the women's groups and all that... You've got to deal with everything that you've been dealing with for many years. Yeah, I've been dealing with it for a long... So, you know, a couple weeks ago, you've heard of like EMI Capital, you know... Sure. Yeah, so they want to do this... You know, they see me working and they go, if we put an album out with you, this thing is going to sell 8 million copies. All right. And I was at the point where I was like, you know what? I don't need it. I don't need that pressure on my back anymore. Right. You know what I mean? But after I like spoke to you, the next day I called my manager. I said, you know what? Make the deal. Screw everything. Let's put this thing through the roof and just shut everybody's mouth once and for all. Yeah. Look at that. You know what I mean? That's how I felt on the radio, especially once like J. Moore called in. Yeah. You know, because he was a lot of fun, that guy. Oh, without a doubt. You know what I mean? He's pretty funny. The J. Dice thing was so frigging funny to listen back to, man. Everybody wants to hear it again. We're going to have to replay it. And then Corb Zota Kenny was telling me he wanted to... you know, afterwards he goes, So you know who this J. Moore is? Because I wasn't sure who he was. Yeah. You know, he goes, that's the guy I told you wanted to break your records at Rascals. See, even that made me feel good because here's another comic I really don't know and he wants to break the records I've done. Right. Which is impossible. Impossible. We did sell out like ten shows for J. Moore. Ten shows is nothing. We would do ten shows a week. You know, it's Rascals. It's 400 seats. That's nothing. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, it's a great club. It's probably the best club in the whole area of Jersey over there. But what I'm saying is the point that he wants to break those records says something to me. It's like, you know what? Get up, bang out another album, do another special and tour the world. So you're doing it. That's the gift I was given. So you're going to tour, you're going to get your ass to New York and get on this show live? Yeah, yeah, because I'm thinking about, like, even when you were on the record show, you were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. the show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. You were on the record show. I mean most of the time I feel good when I got to go on stage, but there are those nights where you go, I'm just not into it. We get once you're up there, hey, those people are paying money. Those people want to laugh. And those are the people that are running the whole world. Sure. You know what I mean? You know, a guy taking a, you know, the two dollars at the Brooklyn Battery Tunnel is not exactly thrilled when he leaves the house going, oh, what a day I'm going to have. You know what I mean? Right, right. I'm the toll taker. You know what I mean? Boy, I'm excited about this. So he does the job. Right, he gets up, he goes, he does it. Hey, Dicey, you having a nervous breakdown or something? No. I'm just telling you that you guys gave me like a surge of energy. All right. A little incentive. So Dicey, we gave you a gift. Are you going to give us a gift in return? Well, that's what I'm doing. I'm telling you. I said, I quote up the next day. I said, you know what? Make the deal for the album. Let's put the album out and let's make people go ballistic. And I said, I'm going to make the deal. I said, I'm going to make the deal. Well, that's what I'm doing. I'm telling you. I said, I quote up the next day. I said, you know what? Make the deal for the album. Let's put the album out and let's make people go ballistic from this thing. Well, that's not a good idea. Because I know the material I've been doing lately. Yeah. And I watch HBO and, you know, all those cable shows and all these comics. Yeah. And I go, you know, it's almost not fair to people to put this garbage in front of them. You know what I mean? Especially the ones trying to be filthy. To be a dirty filthy animal is something you got to practice day in and day out. Sure. You know what I mean? I hear you, Dice. Dice, Mark's on the line. He says this isn't the Suicide Prevention Hotline. You might have been mis-dialed. Who are you talking about? This guy, Mark. He said he wants... Hold on. You can talk to him yourself. Hold on. Mark. Hey, Dice. What are you dying? What's happening here? Start drinking, you son of a gun, you. What are you talking about? What? It sounds like this is the Suicide Prevention Hotline. What's going on? That's your problem. Talk to me. I can help you. You need to help, buddy. What are you talking about? Hey, how about some drugs, eh? Wait a minute. Oh, excuse me. I didn't know you were the boss of May. You're the guy who gave me the last of my drugs. The whole point of this call was that I was like feeling bad. Get out of here. Let me get right ahead of him. Ah, Jesus Christ, Dice. All right, Dice. I got rid of him. Go ahead. Unbelievable. So now you're inspired. You're going to put out... Exactly. That's what you guys did. God, we can't even... I haven't had that much fun in a long time. We can't even inspire ourselves. I don't know how we did that for you. You inspired me being 50. You understand? I understand. It's like I was so excited the other morning. I woke up, right? I'm crazy over here. Shut your mouth when I talk. Did you wake up? I got up the other morning. I start like you. You know, when you used to know, because you were married. Yeah. So I'm banging a wife. I'm banging a wife. I mean, really banging her. You know, like when you're married, some of the lust goes out. Whose? You know what I mean? Listen to me. You know how some of that, like, lust goes out. Sure. You know what I mean? But I mean, after I spoke to you guys, I mean, I'm whirling a whale. I'm a freaking jackhammer. I'm bouncing her with the wheels, throwing her up in the air, spinning her around. She falls right on my peg. You know what I'm saying? I'm a jackhammer. I'm a jackhammer. I'm a jackhammer. I'm a jackhammer. I'm a jackhammer. I'm a jackhammer. I'm a jackhammer. I'm a jackhammer. I'm a jackhammer. I just want to ask, you didn't have like an image of Anna or myself in your brain while you were doing your wife. Oh, please. No, no. You're the last thing I take out. All right. The only time I think about you is when I talk to you. Okay. What about the banana juice? Was that flowing nicely? I got this banana juice all over the room. Yeah, okay. There were people in LA that were in cars. They could just slide to work now, after what I did. Well, this is a great little phone call. I just wanted to tell you because there were those that... I got a call from a comic the other day. This is another comic. You know, because comedians are normally miserable. Sure. You know, you're a comic. You know what I'm talking about. Sure. You do a voice or two. Occasionally. Occasionally. Occasionally. So this guy calls me up and goes, Dice, do you ever just feel doom? You know, what happens to a comic? It does like a great set, comes on stage, and then he wants to call your friend Mark. Dice, it sounds to me like you might have some anxiety issues. Yeah, I do. I go through that a lot. You get the anxiety attacks. Yeah, even if you want to know something, you know Club Zoda County. Yeah. You know Happy Face. Yeah. That by the time I go on stage in Vegas, these guys have just had it with me. Really? Yeah. Because all that... Like, we've got a gym, right? Because, you know, the new nickname for me is The Body. Oh, really? Dice the Body. Yeah, the Body. You know what I'm talking about. Well, I saw the EAT True Hollywood story and you on that Stam-Master looked pretty good there, Dice. No, no, no, no. The whole video of you on the Stam-Master. Forget about that. I'm physically fit. Okay. Forget that. I smoke on the treadmill. Nothing bothers me. But the point is, so we do this workout. It's a very intense workout, right? Every day. You know, you're talking like 30 sets of weights. You're talking a thousand sit-ups. You're talking 40 minutes on the treadmill. Really work. And then a half hour after that, it's like, what's this pain? What's this pain? Why does my neck bother me? Why is my back... That by the time I'm going on stage, these guys are just like thrilled to get rid of me for the hour and a half. Maybe you're working out too hard. No, no, but they go, Andrew, you're not getting a heart attack. Nothing's going on here. Oh, because you got a little hypochondria too. You're not going to look like an animal. You climb frigging mountains in LA. All you got to do is go on and insult people in the front row. So is that what it is? You get a little hypochondria too? Yeah, you get the hypochondria. I got a brain tumor over here. You get the hypochondriac, the panic attacks, the anxiety. And then you go on, and you curse some filthy animal in the front row. How can you feel better? You know what I mean? It sounds to me like the dice is a little deeper than everyone thinks. He goes home at night, starts thinking about some of this crap, and works himself up into a tizzy. Exactly. You go through that. What's this whole divorce thing? What are you going through? No, nothing like... You know something years ago... Don't lie to me. Dice, I swear, it's in first gear right now, this divorce thing. When it reaches fourth gear, I'll talk to you. When was the actual split up? Like what, fall? In the fall? Yeah. Now, was this the type of thing where you didn't catch it, did you? No, no. I wanted out dice. Oh, you wanted out? Yeah. So what am I trying to help you with? I don't know. I'm fine. I was like feeling bad for you. That's what we were trying to tell you. I had him on the air, you know. I thought you had an affair or something with the midget. No, there was no midget dice. So who's the black midget wrestler? I'm dating the black midget wrestler. So you're putting a scam on me? I'm walking around feeling bad, telling my wife, I'm on the floor with old dude Anthony, and his wife went with this, so he told me like this black midget wrestler. And you know, it's a big joke to everybody listening, but you guys are probably feeling bad about it. No, no, that ain't the way it happened. But I understand what you're talking about. A few weeks ago I went through a time where I didn't know why, but I was getting these anxiety attacks. And if it was right... And what did you do? I don't know. It just kind of stopped there. You started going with the black midget wrestler. That'll cure anything that ails your dice. No, it just kind of... I think I finally just said, hey, screw this, man. You know, if it had... But if you went with the midget, right? Yeah. Or whoever it was, what, you missing a leg? No, I... Maybe I got it a little off. She was missing something, right? To be honest with you, no. It wasn't a midget, wasn't a black midget or anything like that. I'm doing... You don't have nothing against black midgets, do you? I'm doing everything. I would love to do a black midget. You like those fingers that look like Vienna sausages? You want that touching you? Yeah, midget arms are too short to whack the bag anyway. No, no. It's a punishment being a midget. Little bow leg? Did you ever think about that? What, a punishment being a midget? Yeah, well, think about it. If it wasn't a punishment, you know how everybody says they want to be reincarnated? Right. Well, you know, not everybody's so good. You know what I mean? Like, oh, Joe, I'll come back as a midget. Every time I'll be a midget. Hit-Lo will be a frigging midget. So you know what God says? He goes, all right, this is what I do for you. Look at me now. I give you a little Tonka toy party. And I snap on a 70-odd pound friggin' head. Go ahead, go back. Here's a little knife. You could cut people's shins, oh, J. Get out of here. You know, and your arms are going to be two inches too short to rock the bed. Come on. Could you imagine not being able to pull out the fucking, uh, the, uh, the banana juice? You want to talk about a punishment? You got to put that on your new album now. You want to know something? I'm not the kind of guy that just masturbates. Yeah. I come up with ways. I make it exciting. I lay on my arm for a half hour till it's dead like a piece of meat that it's almost like a strange chick doing it to you. Sure. I've tried that one. I mean, think about it. The whole midget situation. Yeah. It's the first thing you do when you wake up and your arm is asleep. I'm going to touch myself. Exactly. That's how my mind works. Because we're all a bunch of filthy animals. That's how my mind works. Could you imagine being a kid and having parents that are midgets? Think about that. Because, you know, I studied the whole midget phenology and they could grow real people. Sure. Yeah. Imagine you're 12 years old. You're like seven poo. Your parents are midgets. You're all the house. What are we talking about over here? I'm over here now. What do you think? You're going to wait till you're 16 to take the car? You tell your father, hey, punk, jump out of the height chair. I want to talk to you a minute now. Give me the keys to the car. And this little four foot two idiot is like going, I don't think it's a good idea. Oh, you don't? How about I take all the food from the fridge, stick it in the freezer, I'll starve you to death, you little hard-on. Get out of here. Go ride the dog around the house. Oh my God. I'm telling you something. I studied it. My friend tells me. Guys, you are born again. What do you mean? I don't know. You have a new life here. You have a new outlook on your life. No, but I think about these things. Nobody's thinking about midgets. How about a thank you on the new album? Yeah, I'll give you a thank you. All right, good. That's a nice one. You're inspiring it because you went with the little black midget look. Do you know what I mean? You know, I'm just thinking about how nobody wakes up in the morning thinking, how can I help a midget today? What can I do personally to make the life a... And you never see them during the day. By throwing them a bang. You know, but where do you see midgets hanging out? Nah, I think our science was put in engine level. You know when a midget comes over, can I help you with a new suit? Never. Now let me stand on you to reach that shirt. Come on. Never. I'm over here now. I'm over here now because you said... All right, Dice. You sure? I don't know. What were you doing before I called anything? Yeah, some good stuff. We had a problem with Ben Stein from Comedy Central. Yeah, Ben Stein hung up on us Friday. Oh, he's that old man? Yeah, yeah. Ben Stein. We were doing Comedy Central a favor. We said, all right, we'll give Ben Stein five minutes. I'll tell you something. You had a guy... Kenny... Club Soca was telling me... after I hung up... You see what I mean? I had as always a problem with these humps. You had some other comic on. Who was that? Jim Norton called me number one. The guy's not funny and he can't act. And he said he had a problem with me. He said his name... Oh, Louis. Louis Black. Yeah. And I'm going, I never even hired any of this guy. You know what I mean? Apparently he was on some radio show and you were ripping into him. Believe me, if I ripped into him and never met, there had to be a reason. He had a spank. Well, he's coming in Thursday if you want a call back. Yeah, I'm right down on my schedule. He's coming in. You know, what am I going to destroy his life again? Wow, we can't say anything because... But the guy was horrible. Absolutely horrible. Club Soca, Kenny tells you everything, huh? Yeah, because this is a guy who's on your radio show. We just did like two hours of having a great time and wants to open his mouth about me, a guy I never even met trying to get some like credibility that he even spoke to me. You know what I mean? You talk to the legend, believe me, you know it. Yeah, I told all my friends I talk to the legend. What happened? I talked to everyone that I talked to Dice. How come Opie hardly ever talks? Because I'm scared of you. Why don't you get rid of him? I don't know. He's intimidated by you, Dice. No, Opie's a good guy. It's just a name that doesn't work with me. You know, I keep telling him, maybe it's a hook name, I don't know. It's silly. It's too late now. Did your parents name you that? Or is that something you picked for the radio? No, my name's Greg. Is it really? Yeah, I never liked that name either. When he was a kid he looked like Opie from... But Greg's got an attitude to it. Opie's like, you know, you guys are juggernaut. You know what I mean? You're right about that. You put a lot of work on Anthony, he's got to do me all day. You know what I mean? Can't do Chris Walken. No. Jay Moore does Chris Walken. I've been practicing Chris Walken, going into a club. Let me hear. I don't know if it's that good. Let me hear. So you've got to say... Here we go. So I say to you, I'm going to say, are there babes? And then you say, yeah. Okay. Okay? Let me get into Chris Walken mode. Okay. Are there babes? Yeah. Then let me in. Sounds like Dice Walken. Let me try it again. Let me get more into it. Are there babes? Wait a minute. Now it's more like Dice. Do your line. Now it's more Dice. Let's try it again. Are there babes? Yeah. Let me try it different. All right. Let's go. Are there little, licked up, filthy little swabs? That's walking, yeah. That's perfect. That's perfect. All right. So you've got to do your line. Yeah. Are there little... No, not yet. Did I say now? Are we playing Simple Simon? You want to get into acting one day, you do what I tell you to do, and I tell you to do it, and that's that because I'm over here. You know what I mean? I hear you. We hear you. Are there little midget babes? Yeah. Then let me in. That was pretty good. It almost had a Gleason thing at the end. How do you know anybody? Then let me in. All I used to do was impressions. Remember Ed Sullivan? Sure. Hey. We got a great show for you this evening. We got Toto Gijoto, a Puerto Rican mouse, running around doing this, that, and the other frigging thing. I could do anybody. What do you like? That's pretty good, guys. Do Humphrey Bogart. Humphrey Bogart? Yeah. What do you mean, like, do it? What do you think, I'm like a faggot Tito? You understand what I'm saying? Who wants the Humphrey Bogart? All right. I was just... I mean Humphrey Bogart's like, what 18 year old driving home now thinking, oh boy, would I love to hear Dice do Humphrey Bogart? But they all know Ed Sullivan and Toto Gijoto. What about they all know Ed Sullivan and Toto Gijoto, Dice? They've been rerunning Ed Sullivan, my friend. All right, do Travolta. Do Travolta. There you go. All right. All right, let me get into it now. All right. Dice doing Travolta. Listen to this, you're going to die. I swear you're going to crack up, right? It's like the other day, Mr. Carter Sisteme says, Vinny, did you do your homework? What? You said I do it perfect. That's pretty good, Dice. I'll give you that one. Wow, who else could you do? Summer loving, slimy and floppy period. You know, that kind of stuff. Boy, he must have done that out of Olivia Newton, John. I'd have to get in there if I worked with her. I don't know, she looked pretty skinny and gross. Oh, please. You put them black tights down the way she had them. You get behind them with your hairy banana. Wack bag, wack bag, wack bag. Everybody goes home a winner with me. You know what I mean? Don't you have to pick up your kid or something? You know what gets me crazy? Why? You know when you're having sex? Yeah. You know when you have your orgasm? Yeah, sure. The sound that comes out of your banana. What? That drives me nuts, that whistling sound. What the hell are you talking about? What do you mean what am I talking about? You better go see a doctor. You know the sound better than me. You better see a doctor. You're getting whistling sounds. What are you talking about? What do you got, a piercing down there or something? No, it's like this whistling sound that follows it. I don't know what the hell you're talking about. It's a screech. Maybe that's the girl. I don't know what you're talking about. No, that's not the girl. They're normally sleeping. A screech? I never heard anything come out of my banana. What happened now? You were on such a roll too. What the hell am I talking about? You're making mad man dice. What am I going to talk about midgets? I bet you got every midget in the metropolitan area listening now though. What's the problem with us now? I thought doing concerts in New York, you know, that surround Carnegie Hall with midgets. At least, yeah, there aren't too many of them. Picketing midgets. We have a midget coming in next week. You know what, maybe they'll double up, put on a warm black coat like the Hasidics and act like real people. We have a midget whore coming in next week. Yeah, well that sounds real exciting. She does pornos. You know what I mean? You can stick them on your pegs, shave, shower, they don't get in the way. You throw them in the drawer when you're done with them. Fix my t-shirts. I'll be back in an hour, honey. What does a midget do for what? What, do you put them on a broom handle to hit those hard to clean places? Come on. I don't know. Billy wants you to do corn on the cob. What? Billy? Who's Billy? I don't know, some guy. He goes, have dice, do corn on the cob. Yeah, what it do with corn. Did you ever notice that after you eat it, even if it comes out like three days later, it puts itself back together. It's like a magical, what is it? It's a food. It's a protein. I don't know what it is. Corn has like its own life. You know what I mean? And when I eat corn, I make sure to chew it. You know what I mean? Sure. Because then I'm just amazed of what it can do on its own. Sometimes it actually comes out on the cob again. You know what I'm saying? You got some chicks up there today. What's going on? We don't have any girls in here today. Where's that one that you were hanging with, Opie? That's Sandy. Who's that? Sandy, my girlfriend. Oh, Sandy, oh, filthy animal. She loves when you talk dirty to her. Did you ever say that to a girl in bed? Yeah. Filthy animal? I love that kind of romantic talk. That's the thing, Anthony. If you're going to get serious with somebody and you're getting bad with them, you've got to be yourself. Don't play no games. I usually do dice. No, forget about doing dice. That's what you're going to say. I'm going to bang that ass, honey. I'm going to bang that fat, bumpy, bumpy, dimple with a banana filled dice. And I like them a little older. You know what I mean? Yeah. It's like a witch got like 100,000 miles of banana on it already. You know, all dented up. The front end's a little ropsided. You know what I'm saying? I'm over here. Looks like she's been sitting in the gravel driveway too long. I do like that. And I like art. Oh, really? Yeah. You know what I mean? That's why after I unload the mule juice all over, I only take a picture and I frame it for people to look at in my living room. It's beautiful. They go, look at that. Look what he did again. That's what you've got to say after you're in bed with a chick. And each one's different. Just after you're completely done and you're sweating, you know, you just look over at our belly and go, look what I did to you again. Always say again. It's very important. Again. I'm writing all this stuff down. You know how many times I said again to you? You know, and then she's got to move on to the next guy, these stupid animals. They wanted to have jobs. They didn't know when it was good for them. Sure. And Dyson, your wife? Watch your soap operas, drink coffee, and wait for me to come home with a banana swinging out of my panther. You know, they wanted to work. And then at 35 years old, they don't feel like getting up in the snow anymore and cleaning the ice off the windshield and heating up the car. It's not so much fun to be a career woman then. Living on your own. Yeah, okay, big shot. You are off, man. Your career is hanging down to your knees and nobody's looking at you. Okay, you were 20 years old, you thought you were a big shot. Now look at you now. That's what I say. Holy smart, Dyson. You know what I mean? Jesus Christ. You know what really gets me crazy? You know that we're living like everybody's going, you know, I got my home office? Yeah. That's what makes women smarter than men. You see, the only time men were able to get away from these nitwits they marry is in the morning when they, you know, you make believe you don't want to go to work. Oh honey, it's cold, I don't want to go. Oh, see you later. Then the minute you get in the car, you're blasting the radio. You're looking at all these big busted filthy animals in the cars next to you. Then you get to work, right? Yeah. And the first thing you see is the receptionist with the little pigtails, with the red blouse half open and those big McGuffies hanging out. And the only guy who's thinking is, boy, would I love to get this idiot in the pencil room. You know what I mean? Boy, would I like to sit that fat ass on the copy machine as she's screaming, more banana, more banana, as your yam bag is smacking against the rads and you're taking pictures of it. That's all the guy is thinking, no matter what she's saying. No, no, I'm the problem. I'm the bad guy, right? Your yam bag. Let me call this up. Jesus Christ, you're killing me, Doug. Your yam bag is slamming. That's like the normal time I got to come up with like, when I call you guys, I got to like, uh, things on my feet. Yam bag, I love it. We use it. Yam bag, mayonnaise bag, mule bag, whatever you want to call it. We use the- Banana sack. We use banana juice all the time now, because of you. I can tell you that straight thing. I knew that would piss you off. You know what I mean? We give you the credit. But instead of being able to go to work and do that and come home 8 o'clock at night, it's like, honey, I'm going into my room now. I'm going into my room all alone. That there's more on you live with is coming in like on like the hour. How are you going? You're not hanging out with the guys in the park looking at all these animals, smelling good animals. No, you're in a room walking around, oh, yeah, I'm on my lunch break. There's a bird on the roof. I'm feeding that now. That's what everybody wants. That's how dumb we are. Oh my God. We're going to work, having an affair on the side, which is the only reason to get married is to have an affair. You know, in my area, I mean, you can't have one without it. You know what I mean? It's not having an affair unless you're married. Yeah, exactly. That's the beauty of it. If you're just banging some chick, you know, and you tell your friend, yeah, so what are you going to do? I'm banging a chick too. But if you know somebody at home that you're going to make miserable by the end of this thing, then there's a challenge. It brings excitement into the marriage. Oh, I'm, you know, like, you know, you can just, why did you bang her? It was an accident. I'm sorry. You know what I mean? What do you want from me? Monogamy. Get your ass with it. God damn dice. I'm having an affair. Why did you do it? You know, when we were in the room, everybody felt awkward. And the minute I hopped on her, you know, everything loosened up. You know what I'm saying? I hear you. Yeah, but then I go, I'm over here now. Can we put this out on CD for you? No, don't do me no favor. Don't go into a recording studio. Just get the tape from us for the last two appearances. I guess that I said to my wife, because it's very hot out now right now. Yeah. You know, it's hot. You know, she wants to lay in the sun and I'd rather, you know, get just between her legs or something. I said, you know, let's go in the house and bang, you know, and she goes, I'm not in the mood. I go, there are no choices here. That's what marriage is all about. This is not a choice. I'm not asking you. Come on. And then once you get them going, they always get in the mood anyway. You know, you might have to rip a piece of cold off or something, but that turns them on sometimes. You know what I mean? Wow, here you are, Dice. You've got some stuff in your hands, guys. Oh my God. You know what I mean? Yeah. You're killing me. That's what I think. I don't know. That's some good thinking. Lots of people checking in on instant feedback. Dice is killing me. What's instant feedback? Well, we get this instant feedback on the computer. Oh yeah, another computer idiot. Computer idiot. It's a simple thing. It's called like email. I don't know about these things. You've got to get online, Dice. I'm not from this century. You've got to get online, Dice. I'm not in this century, my friend. Some of the best porno. I still have to go out, smoke, throw a few drinks back. I don't have to type in masturbation to some chicken Beijing. You know what I mean? I get on a hardwired phone. Oh, I didn't notice it was a wrong number. What's your name, honey? 20 minutes later. I'll give you a call another time, quick. Local call. Local. Oh, who is this? Oh, it's a local. Oh, it's a local. Oh, it's a local. Oh, it's a local. Oh, it's a local. Oh, it's a local. Oh, it's a local. Oh, it's a local. Oh, it's a local. Oh, it's a local. We are so late, Dice. You gotta take a break. Well, I just, like I said, I want to call in. I want to tell you everything will work out for you. Thank you, Dice. And you gave me a lot of incentive, and I'm going to put this album out now. Do that, and when you do, you gotta get over here and come on the show line. I need a good title for the album. So maybe you guys can help out with that. I'm over here now. Jacob. I'm over here now. I'm over here now. Jacob. Wait a minute. I'm over here now. Jamie, you're over there. Jacob face. I'm over here now. You think that's a good name for it? I'm over here now. Good for you. You came up with a name in two seconds. And banana juice. So, I'm over here now. I gotta give you a special thank you. No. Well, yeah, a nice thank you on the inside would be nice. What would I write to you like? I don't know, something like... You don't know. Dice is the problem. That's why your life is in turmoil right now. You're absolutely right. What can I say? I'm going to help you, and all of a sudden you're like, naming my own name? I'm going to help you, and all of a sudden you're like, naming my own name? I'm going to help you, and all of a sudden you're like, naming my own name? I'm over here, and you're going to tell me what to do. I'm the legend. I'm the body. Now I feel regretful that I even made this heartfelt call. Wake up Dice. I'm going to go. You're over there now. I'm over here because everybody said what? Thank you. That's what everybody says. I'll talk to you later. Keep in touch, man. There he goes. Andrew Dice played. Holy Toledo. That guy is a maniac. A maniac. Ann and Ope, you're therapists to the stars. Yeah, anybody else want to talk to me? I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Yeah, anybody else want to call him, Vint? Feel free. Oh my God. Anyone else out there who needs a push with their career, give us a call. I'm glad he finished like he did because it was starting like Corky Dice. Right. Yeah, I just want to say, hear what you do done for me. You inspired me. You inspired me to put the album out. I thought he was going to do the Arsenio appearance live. Yeah. That was pretty freaking cool. That's funny stuff, man. This lady was begging. No, Guy, Dan. Oh wait, let's put Dan on real fast. Dan, what's going on? Hey, how are you doing? What's up, man? I'm glad he hung up because I'm still sitting in my van laughing. Yeah. I missed a dentist appointment last week because I couldn't leave the vehicle. Oh, cool. I don't know. This show brings something out of Dice. What can I say? Hey, you guys inspired him. I think it should be noted on his disc. All right, Dan. All right, take it easy, guys. Thank you. Goddamn, that was funny, though. Let's go to Laura. We're so late. Laura, what's up? I just got to say I'm still laughing about these little midges. They can have real people too. Yeah. I had a pullover. Freaking yam bag killed me. Yam bag. I can't stop. I had a pullover off the LIE. I can't. He's out of his freaking mind. I love it. Seymour's got some stiff competition, I believe, as number one guest on the ONA show. Jason from River Edge, New Jersey, checking in for Dice album title. Slap her with your yam bag. All right, Laura. Guys, I've been listening to the show ever since the beginning of time with WNEW, and I just want to say, first time got through, and syndication now. All right, thank you. Thanks. There she goes, Laura. Thanks, man. Anthony, let's take a break. We got to catch up. Yeah. You know, Dice was doing all that midget stuff. Yeah. We got to do Midget Town. We'll be back. Stay there. Check this out. This is the story of six strangers, hit to live together in a house and have their lives taped. Find out what happens when they stop being polite and start getting tiny. Real world Midget Town. Listen, Binky, I don't like it when you talk down to me. You belittle me. You make me feel two feet tall. Well, I have some news for you, Chi Chi. You are two feet tall. Misha used to work in a circus, and he's all like, oh, I used to ride on a pony, and I used to drive a wind-up Volkswagen. And I'm like, Midget, get over yourself. I think the problem here is that they're all a little jealous of me because I come from the entertainment industry. I was in the circus. I don't know if I mentioned that to you. And also for a number of years, I played Snuggles the Fabric Softener Bear. What you need to understand is that going to Six Flags Great Adventure is a waste. We're dwarves. We can't get on any of the frigging rides. Well, that's where you're wrong, Chi Chi, because we can do a lot at Great Adventure. We can get on that thing that looks like a worm that goes in a circle. It's like a worm wearing a hat. It's like a green plastic thing, but it goes in a circle. It goes up and down a little bit. We can get on that. We can get on the boats, little boats. You know those boats? They go in a circle around in a little pool of water there, and they have bells on the front of them. They have bells, and if you pull on the string, you can ring the bell. So shut up. Hey, what are you guys doing? We were just going to go out and throw rocks at people, you know, for staring at us. That sounds good. Sounds like a lot of fun. By the way, I'm gay. Whoa. Whoa. That really caught me off guard. I didn't know he was gay, because I thought I was gay, but I really wasn't sure. So when he said, I'm gay, I'm like, put that together with being a midget. I got enough on my plate here. That's tonight on Real World Midget Town. How you doing? This is Andrew Dice Clay, and you're li- no, not Anthony Dice Clay. Andrew Dice Clay, Andrew Dice, and you're listening to Hopi and the Guy Who Wants to Be Me Show on WNEW 102.7. The Hopi and Anthony of Boobies and Whores Show. By seven o'clock, I think you're going to say, you know what? I had a pretty good time today. 1027 WNEW. It's the O&A Show. What a show we're having, huh, Anthony? Oh, yeah. Out of nowhere, Dice calls us, gives us some fabulous radio. That was fun, man. A lot of fun. A little strange. Dice calling us to thank us that we have inspired him. Get out there and put out another album, start touring again. All right, I guess we got to go to the phones. Oh, my God. Does that mean we're going to be responsible for whatever happens? All right, let's go to the phones. Psycho Mark and Black Earl. They're somewhere on Long Island. They got lost. Frig, look at these two. Pretty much every day we're trying to get out there with the brand new WoW stickers, Anthony. Yeah. A bunch of ways to get the brand new WoW stickers. I mean, this week the weather's going to be perfect. WoWing on Wednesday is going to be absolutely great. So either get yourself one of the brand new WoW stickers or make a homemade WoW sign because the ladies are ready. The season has begun. It's just going to get nuts as we go on here, okay? Oh, yeah. You could go to participating, keyword, participating, Ranch 1 locations to pick up your WoW sticker. All you have to do is ask the guy behind the counter, hey, I'm here for a WoW sticker, and he'll give you one, okay? Or he could send in a self-addressed stamped envelope. Earl's in charge of that job, though, Anthony, and the envelopes are piling up awfully fast. I saw that. There's like crates of envelopes. Crates, like it's like a teeny bop or getting fan mail or something. Well, it takes a while. I have to open the envelope. I must remove the contents and then read it and then respond. Well, just send a self-addressed stamped envelope. Just write W-A-W-W-A sticker on there somewhere and mail it into 888 7th Avenue, 10th floor, New York, New York, 10106. And that address should be on the NW website, okay? Yeah. All right, yeah, I know. Ben's writing me a note. You'll get your stickers in September. All right, let's check in with Psycho Mark and Earl. They're lost somewhere on Long Island. What's going on, guys? You're taking a good one, envelope. You should see the directions. Yikes. Where are you guys? Dude, I could have got better directions from a Chinese person speaking full Mandarin. You know what I mean? I don't know. Actually, we finally made it to Hofstra. Thank God for some beautiful police officer that helped us out. What was his name? I don't even remember his name. I was so mad. Beautiful police officer. Wait a minute. Yeah, beautiful police officer. He's a beautiful human being. That was a joke. I thought it was a chick cop when you said beautiful and I was joking saying what was his name and it was a guy. You're calling the cops beautiful? Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. All right, so where are you with these Wow stickers today? Well, right now we're checking out the Hofstra softball team. What a bunch of war pigs. I'm so mad. My father's in town. I'm threading their lawn here. No one's so funny. Psycho Mark and Earl, obviously not from Long Island. You picked a strange location to give out Wow stickers today. And I, of course, from Long Island. I still live on Long Island. Hempstead is a very strange area there, Psycho Mark. Yes. Yeah, I heard it's kind of weird. Well, you want to stay within a certain radius of the college campus. Okay. If you go outside of the compound, it gets a little dangerous. It gets ugly real fast over there, Psycho Mark. What's that? It gets ugly real fast. Yeah. Oh, well, good thing I have Earl with me. He's the whitest black guy in the whole world. He might be. All right. So have you picked a location where you're going to hang out so people can stop by and get their Wow stickers? I think we're going to sit right next to the entrance of Hofstra University, which is right off the Hempstead Turnpike. What is Earl saying? Earl's babbling. Earl, you be quiet and sit there like a good boy. Oh, my God. I'm going to lose my mind. These directions, I mean, we... Whatever. I'm losing my mind. All right. Some of our listeners have found you. They're beeping a little bit. Yeah. We're going to go right to the entrance of Hofstra. It's right at the front of the campus here, right off the Hempstead Turnpike. Okay. And we'll be right there. We'll be handing out Wow stickers. So come on by and come scream at Earl. Okay. Very good. I'll be here myself. Someone on the line wants to know when you're going to Jersey, Psycho Mark. When am I going to Jersey? I don't know. With the Wow stickers. You've got to do it before the end of the week. Yeah. As soon as the station buys the map, maybe we can figure out where we're going. These guys left like two and a half hours ago. How about one of those GPS devices? You know, so you've got the global satellite. Yeah. You've got that in the van. That's exactly what I need. I'm right in front of the Hofstra University clock. They'll be real happy to see me. But nonetheless, I'll be right here in front of the entrance. Come by. We can put in Wow stickers. All right. Very good. There they are. Psycho Mark and Earl. They're going to beat each other up by the end of the afternoon. Jennifer already wants to know. Hold on. Hold on. Tell Stinky to put Jennifer on hold. All right. Here we go. Earl, get out of the van and hand out stickers. Jennifer, what's up? Hi. I just wanted to let you know I was a student at Hofstra and if you hang out at the front, they're going to kick you out. Psycho Mark, we've got an ex-Hofstra student on the line. She says they're going to kick you out if you hang out at the entrance there. What they should do is just park like if they were a student and cross over like the spectra stand that goes across into Tom Pike. And then it's like the main area and all the students are there so they can just hang out there. Where's all the cash? What? Well, Psycho Mark's also picking a location where people that don't go to Hofstra could stop and grab their stickers as well. Well, I'm right here off the highway. You can't miss it. All right. It's really easy to get to. Well, Psycho Mark, give that location again. All right. Well, good luck. Thank you, Jennifer. Bye. Give the location. Right to the entrance of Hofstra University, right off the Hempstead Turnpike. Pull right in. I'm right here. People are pulling up left and right. We're going to cause problems here today. All right. Stay there until they kick you out and then we'll go somewhere else on Long Island, okay? Very, very good. All right. Call back when you have a problem which will happen soon. Okay. I'm sure. All right. There goes Psycho Mark. Thank you, bro. Oh my God. All right. Trying to get these stickers out there, Anthony. Eddie, what's going on? Hey, guys. What's up? Hey. Why'd you put me through? You're not talking about wrestling, are you? Well, we might now. It doesn't matter. Anyway, you guys saw the pay-per-view, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It was kind of sad. It was. It really was depressing to see him like that. I mean, everyone's expecting the breaking glass sound. His music starts up and expecting him to come out like he was when he was wrestling months ago. And he came out all stiff, looking like Cardinal O'Connor. Yeah. He really looked horrible. He's all overweight. He's out of shape. He's all stiff. He came back too soon. Yeah. I'm ridiculous. Judging by the looks of him, he's not going to be wrestling for a long time. Not for a long time. No, he had trouble getting up off the mat. He slams a Vince with a chair. He goes down on one knee. He could barely get back up. Yeah. He couldn't even move. Like, that thing he does, he gets on top of people, it shakes his head. Like, he couldn't even do that. Yeah, he couldn't do that. He's just a mess. It's sad. You know, we like the guy. But he came back too soon, I think. It didn't look good for him. No, not at all. He was filling out that shirt a lot. On the Internet, they're saying at least two more months, at least. Yeah. I mean, obviously, you know, recovery, he can't work out, I guess. I guess not. Hard to stay in shape. But the energy he brings when that music starts, I mean, no one is coming close to what he brings to the WWE. The rock. I was thinking about that, though. The rock, yes. I mean, the rock gets an incredible reaction, but still stone cold just over the top every time that music plays. Yeah, Shane said it the other day. Yeah. The electricity when you're in the rain, the glass breaks. But it was a good pay-per-view last night. Oh, it was. Every match was good. Cool. Just about. All right, Eddie. All right, Syndication Underground. All right, thank you. I was just looking at one of our Syndication Underground locations. Yeah. Oh, we're not there anymore. Oh, really? I'm looking at it, let me see. That's why we call it Syndication Underground. I mean, something pops up, then they get closed down, we've got to go somewhere else. It's all over the place. Funk mix. No, no, we're not there. Various talk. Oh, there. Nope, gone. Gone off of that one. All right. We're going to have to find another one. Oh, I'm sorry. We're going to have to find another one. Oh, that chick from California used to listen off of this site. I know. I wonder if we lost her. I must say, okay, you had our show for like a week. She's pretty savvy, though. If she's listening to us today, give us a call. She knows who she is. We know her name and all, okay? Yeah. All right. Well, we've got to take a quick break. We're still trying to catch up because Dice was unbelievable, but he got us late here. Yeah. It's a really, really... I'm over here now. It's a very quick commercial break, I promise, okay? Yeah. Just give us like three, four minutes. Matter of fact, as we go to break here, Anthony, it's me losing my mind on Friday. Frigging caller just totally pissed up you off. He wasn't paying attention when we put the phone line down and called his name. His name? He was listening to the radio, which was on delay, not listening to the phone like all the callers should. Most of them do. You guys get it, but every once in a while we get an idiot and it just blows your mind that someone wouldn't answer to their own name. On the phone. They're waiting for us to say hi through the radio when they're holding the phone right up to their ear. And 40 seconds later you'll hear us say hi on the radio. That's why it doesn't work. Right. Turn down your radio. So this is me losing my mind on Friday. We dumped out of this call because I started cursing. Check it out. Steven. Steven. Or whoever your name is. All right. Me? Yeah, well, yes, you. You just spoke. Go ahead, talk. You. Yeah, me. Yeah, what's your name? Okay. Steven. You. You. All of these very. All I want to do is defend. Number one, I heard shoot down and I've heard shoot down for 40 years of my life. Right. Shut up. How stupid do you have to be. Isolate them. To be on the phone and someone calls your name and you don't answer? And you guys think Spaz is stupid. What do you think we were talking to? Well, you said David and I said my name was Steven. No, we said Steven. Do we have to play that game back too? I apologize. Let me just get this point. You call a radio show. The point, even the expression shoot down is not offensive. It's stupid. Enough, man. I've had it. Hope is cursing like, like, like a sailor. Holy cow. Hopey and Anthony. One, two, seven, eight, seven, eight, W, N, E, W. Hey, you heard for months about the power stacker two, the world's strongest fat burner. It really works. But don't take my freaking word for it. Listen to this guy. I took the fucking pill and within 45 minutes I was wired like I drank two pots of fucking espresso down at the fucking cafe on 18th Avenue. Tough guy. All this from one freaking yellow capsule. Starts working in 45 minutes or I break your legs. That's right. You'll feel it in 45 minutes or your legs get busted. I called them up and I said I didn't feel it in 45 minutes. It took 50 minutes. So they said I'm going to send someone down right now to break your freaking legs. I said, I don't want you to break my freaking legs. When's the violence going to stop? Call 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. Don't freaking wait or get it off the web now. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. I started taking second two. I can eat all the cannolis I want without having to worry. Stacker two, the world's strongest fat burner. Call 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Call now you h***. Or else you're going to want to know what's going to happen here. Call now. What the hell was that? You know what? That's a good spot right there. Those stacker people are going crazy. That's a good spot. That's a very good spot. Oh my gosh. I'll break your f***ing legs. Bravo. I like when people in the commercials threaten you. I don't laugh in many commercials. That one's funny. Wow. Anthony, Diamond Vision. Yes, Dr. Philotop. Yes, Dr. Philotop and Diamond Vision. This is going to sound really queer, but what the hell? I was out in South Hold over the weekend hanging out with my brother and his family. Way out east. You go five more miles east, you're in England. Pretty much, yes. And there were deer running in the fields, Anthony. Deer running in the fields while we were barbecuing. That's what happens. You go a little further and you see Tyrannosaurus Rex out on Long Island. It's the land that time forgot, OP. I was the one who pointed them out. I'm like, wow, check out those deer. And everyone was like, where? They had to get the binoculars. Really? You saw them without the binoculars. So I know Dr. Philotop put one of those $6 million man bionic eyes in there. I got one of those. What was that noise? I got bionic eyes. Yes. Thanks to Dr. Philotop. Well, it's pretty freaky. I couldn't even drive at night or do anything without glasses. Well, to be fair, I think everyone in your family should go to Dr. Philotop. Yeah. I think they all wear glasses. We're the four-eyed family. Yeah. Not you though. No. 2015 Vision and I'm seeing deer in fields now, which is just bizarre. You never saw before. You were a little shaky about the procedure when you first were approached by the good doctor to have it done. You talked with him for like 10 minutes. He put your mind at ease. Correct. How long was it about? 10 minutes tops. It's nothing. No, it was a cakewalk. And then before you know it, you're seeing deer in the field that other people can't see. Ah, the Cali girls on the line. Cool. Tell Edith to hold on. We'll talk to her next. We are syndicated all over the country. Underground. Underground. Anyway, yes, there's a couple things going on with Diamond Vision and Dr. Philotop. First of all, Diamond Vision is running their Memorial Day special. Their Memorial Day contest, I should say. All you have to do is call up Diamond Vision and they'll put your name in for a free procedure, okay? Nice. That number is 1-800-984-2020. 1-800-984-2020. If you've called the number already, you will be entered into this contest as well if you've entered some of the past contests we've done, okay? 1-800-984-2020. Diamond Vision, doing the procedure now, it's a spring special for $2,500, Anthony. That's a huge bargain. $2,500 to get your eyes corrected, okay? Yeah. If you call Diamond Vision right now. So there's two things. You get into the drawing for the free procedure or if you don't want to wait for that or whatever, you can pay $2,500 for the procedure. It's Diamond Vision. Give them a call. 1-800-984-2020. 1-800-984-2020, all right? All right. All right. Opie and Anthony. Yes. We get these illiterates off the air please. Please, sir. If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen. 1027 WNEW. Everyone in a good mood today. Nick has moved on after Miami Heat. So who do they play now? We're all aboard the L train, Anthony. The L train. Do it, Anthony. Oh, okay. Here we go. It's doing the L train, baby. I don't know what it means. We're playing the Heat, Anthony. Miami Heat. Pat Riley's team. Jeff Van Gundy's brother is one of the coaches on the Heat, too. Jeff Van Gundy, he's the coach of the New York Knicks, Anthony. Oh, that guy. Right, right. I knew that name. Yeah, yeah. So if we want to keep our number one status, we're going to have to talk a little more sports on this show, Anthony. Who used to be the coach for the Knicks? Many people. Pat Riley. Pat Riley was the one I remember. The greasy-haired guy. Yes. Now he's the coach of the Miami Heat. Oh, so that's like a rivalry now. Oh, yeah. Okay. So you start talking about old TV shows and I look at you like I don't know what the hell you're talking about? Yeah. Okay. So I see where it's going. But I've got to say about the L train, Larry's shot there. Yeah. Getting all cocky with the L train symbol after he made that three-pointer. And does the whole crowd do that? Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's a big thing. Oh, we're all behind Larry. L train. The L train. All aboard the L train. I'll do it. There we go. That was a win, but that was the biggest brick of the game. No one thanks a three-pointer. He meant to do it. But we'll take it. Rich, what's up? Real fast. Oh, hey, guys. Don't encourage Larry with the L train, please. We can't sanction that. But I just want to say I'm an old square from Boston. I'm going back to school in the fall. Oh, cool. I need to get syndicated before I go back up to school in Boston. Well, you know what? Rich, it's real easy for Antoni. All we have to do is stay out of trouble for about 30 to 60 days and- You're already off on the wrong foot. They'll open up the floodgates. They'll open up the floodgates. So we're trying to behave. I had a good job of staying out of trouble with that article on the paper today. And also, new priority in the truck. You've got to get Dyson the show live. We'll get him in here. You guys have some sublime ability to bring out the best in comics. I was one of those watching a TV show where you're embarrassed for the guy from the beginning. In the end, he was just off. That's the funniest stuff you guys have done. Dyson knows what he's doing. I know what it is too, though. And I just allow the comedians to take over. What the hell? And I think that's where your syndication problems lie. That's all right. All right, Rich. All right, guys. Take care. Thank you. So the boss was on the phone yelling and screaming about the article in the post today. Guys, you can't be pissing off everybody. Not a certain time I understand the campus show you boys do. But you can't be pissing off Ben Stein and allegations of anti-Semitism. The man is a celebrity. I don't understand you boys. You can't stay out of trouble. I've got to open up the goddamn papers and see that you've pissed off another person. Now look, you're very talented. I don't think you really need to go there all the time. Why don't you just do some voices? Do something like that. Try to stay out of trouble. Because I swear to God, it doesn't matter what the ratings are, you've done very well. I'm very proud of you boys. You've done very good for the company. But I swear to God, I've got to keep opening up the papers and see that you're pissing people off. You'll be out of the door. Crap your dicks, my friend. You don't subscribe to Entertainment Weekly, do you, sir? Oh, for the love of Jesus, what now? I'm just asking. I get it every week. I read through the whole thing when I'm on the crap. There just might be a little blurb in the next issue about Opie and Anthony. Oh, that's fine. Syndication 2005. There we go. That's on schedule. All right. Thank you, sir. Every day, it's something. Every day. It's so nice to be yelled at. Every day, and I walk into our office, we're like, it's just us. We're just trying to do a radio show and all this crap is happening around us. We're having fun. We have comedic legends calling us and thanking us for inspiring them. We've got Entertainment Weekly calling. I'm over here now. It's like we just want to do our little radio show. What the hell is going on around us? I don't know. Every day, they're writing about something about us in the paper. This situation is mutating, Opie, as we speak. It really is mutating. Oh, boy. Psycho Mark is causing major problems near Hofstra. What's the matter? Psycho Mark, what's going on? We've got a massive traffic jam that is literally gridlocking the Hofstra University campus. Really? Security just threw us out, so I drove one way out the exit, like a nutcase. Now we're right across the street in front of Subway here in Dunkin' Donuts, right on the highway right here next to Hofstra entrance. We're handing them out left and right. People are trying to hit each other to get the stickers. It's crazy. It's madness. It's crazy. People are handing us bans. It's like, hey, hey, hey. Why not? That's very cold. Yeah, handing out the wow stickers on Long Island. Hey! I drove around all weekend. I didn't see one damn wow sign on the LIA. I'm a little pissed off, so let's get those stickers out, Psycho Mark. All right, are you going to stay there for a little longer or what? I'm going to be here for at least another half hour, I hope. All right, cool. I'm going to go back to the city because Earl has to actually do some work. Yeah, right, sure. He's just kidding. Hey, show us your fun bags! All right, Psycho Mark. Ticks are pulling up left and right. So, we're in on E3AVs. Look how much of a traffic jam this is. All right, well, just follow the wow van around if you want your wow sticker. It's out there. All right, Mark, we've got to let you go, all right? See you guys. All right, bye. Later, man. Very cool. Let's go to Chris real fast. Chris, what's going on? Hey, Chris. Yeah, man, you guys made a mess out there, bro. In Hofstra? Absolutely. It's a mess out there? Yeah, it was like three lanes worth of people trying to turn into the entrance. Oh my God! They tried to get out and then they had to forget it. People honking, I saw an ambulance drive by and the guys are screaming out in the megaphone, you guys suck! I call awesome. Awesome. All right, man. Oh, but you know, my first radio appearance was on Hofstra's radio station. Wow, look at you. That's right. I remember Eric Hewler was the guy out there and invited me and the Rockette guys on the show. He's probably still working there. So don't you think you're all high and mighty. People recognize the Anthony Talent long before opening. Yeah. Oh, boy. Edith's calling us from Cali, our California listener. Edith. I'm just a radio whore trying to get on somewhere. Hi, Edith. Hey, this is Edith. How are you doing? I recognize the voice. How are you today, Edith? I'm great. She's calling us from Southern California. She's a huge fan of the Opient Anthony show and listens to us every day. Every single day. Even though we're not even syndicated, but we have this whole syndication on the ground thing popping up everywhere. Syndication California. Syndication Cali, yeah. How's the weather out there? Very nice. I hear 85 degrees. Nice and sunny. Oh, so beautiful. So when do we get to see a picture of you? When we get to see a picture of you. We sent the wow stuff last week, I believe. Oh, I haven't got it yet. Send a pic, man. The stuff's in the mail. Don't worry. If you're a pig, we can't take it back. We don't even care if you're a pig. But you say you're all hot and stuff, right? Yeah. Yeah, I got the tan going from California and everything. Did you hear Dice call today? Yes, I did. That was sweet. That was pretty cool. That weird Dice is calling from California. He calls here and then she listens from California over the internet. Right. Wow, it's getting wacky. I think I might come down there in New York and visit a friend. Oh, yeah? Yeah, if I do, I want to come see you guys. Ah, you're more than welcome. Can we drip hot wax all over your body? No. Yeah. We need another girl that's brave enough for at night to drip hot wax all over. Hot wax thing, we like that. We want to do that later on this week, matter of fact. So any ladies... Maybe we'll think of something. All right. I think it's been fun for us. Well, you're having no problem finding us on the internet, huh? No problem whatsoever. Hey, how old did you say you were? 22. Who's a young girl like you who gets a name like Edith? Oh, like the long story. I got my mom's middle name. Oh, the cruel parents. I know. That's like names like Martha, Margaret. Like Arty and Blanca. And stuff like that. Like Gertrude. Gertrude. Hey, Gertie. You know, you don't see any young girls named Gertie. Back there in the 20s and 30s, you know, Gertie was a hottie. Hey, Gertie, man, let me see your fun bag. When you're getting banged, does the guy scream out, Edith? Yeah, like Archie. Oh, see, that's kind of like the moon. What's your nickname? Edie. Edie? That's kind of cool. That's all right. Edie's good. That's a little cooler. I would just call you filthy animal. And spray the banana juice all over you. Banana juice out of my yam bags. Yam bags. Freaking dies, man. That's hilarious. All right, Edie, I'm just going to call you Edie. I'm never going to call you Edie. Oh, great. All right. All right. So, Edie. Yes. That website that you're checking out the show on, will you be able to find it somewhere else, hopefully, because we'd feel bad? No, I have this program. They were told not to say the name, but I installed this program on my computer. It's like a radio, and you can check out all different stations across the world. Yeah, we know exactly which one. But they changed where it is on the front page, the radio thing. They went from talk to comedy, I believe. All right. But that's okay. I have you guys set on my favorites. See, so we just get in there. Nice. Okay. Right on in. All right, Edie. Well, keep in touch, and let us know when you get our little care package. Okay, well. All right, Edie. We'll be here for you guys. Right on. Bye. There she goes, our California listener, our California connection. One listener per state. Now, we're starting this, well, we're not starting it. You guys have started a while ago, this syndication underground thing. Yeah. Just don't give us the info. We don't want to know how you're doing it. Just do it if you have to, but don't tell us. Yeah. We don't want to know. If you know what I mean. Please. All right. This guy's pissed off. Why is this guy pissed off? David, what's going on? Hey, guys, you know, I get out of work at 5 o'clock, and it's freaking 5.30 already. It would really be nice if I could get out of Hofstra campus sometime today. Oh, man. Could you please get those two jerks out of here? You can't. I swear to God, I cannot go home. What's the scene out there? How crowded is it? Well, you know, it's great. You have three lanes of traffic trying to pull out of this one little spot at Hofstra. You can't turn off a Hempstead tarp. You can't get on it. You got 15 people out in front of Dunkin' Donuts, and surprisingly, only half of them are cops. This is horrible. I want to go home. All right. We'll talk to Psycho Mark. Psycho Mark handing out the Whippenmau Wednesday stickers outside Hofstra today. Yeah. All right, David. Thanks a lot. I taste syndication 2017, right? Thanks a lot. Sorry, man. There he goes. He's pissed. John, what's going on? Hey. I just came from Hofstra. I got my wild stickers. Guys are making a mess out there, man. Really? I'm sure Mark always complies with traffic laws, so I'm sure everything's fine. You know, what you've got to tell them to do is they've got to go around the corner in front of Napa Coliseum there. Unlike Earl Ovington Boulevard, there's a lot less traffic over there. There's just people. Oh, you can't get around there. I got my stickers, but everyone's honking at me, trying to get me out of the way. It's crazy. Wow. All right, John. Thank you. All right. Cool. Later. If you can't get out to Hofstra, just look for a Ranch 1 location. Yeah. Participating Ranch 1 locations have the wow stickers as well. Everyone is calling for their car phones. I guess the Hofstra area is just a complete mess. It's a mess. Sorry. We're just trying to give out the stickers and stuff. I'm stalling because I can't think of it. Is that Psycho Mark on line 12? Do we know? Bueller? Psycho Mark? Yeah, what's up? You are pissing off so many people out there. Why? Huh? Why? Why am I pissing people off? You've F'd up traffic. You're causing like traffic jams and stuff. So what? Like they don't have a traffic jam to sit in anyhow. So what are you doing now? We're just hanging out here with Earl. We're handing out stickers right in front of the store. Okay. And causing problems. All right. How many have you given out a lot or what? I'd say probably we've given out close to about 500 already. Nice. And that's no joke, dude. All right, cool. They're flying out of our hands fast. We can put them in them. All right. Everyone's being cool out there? Everyone's so cool. People are beeping, yelling, screaming. Right. All right. A lot of fun. All right. Get your sticker. You're going to stay there for a while? Yeah. I'll probably be here for at least, I'll probably stay till exactly 6 o'clock and then we'll go back to the city. All right. Cool, man. All right, guys. Thank you. And Jersey, don't worry. We'll get to you by the end of the week, hopefully. Yeah. We have the wow van handing out the wow stickers, making mayhem. All right. We've got to take a break. I want to talk about the livery cab thing. Yeah. Steve Dunleavy kind of took our lead. I'm sure a lot of people thought exactly what we were saying on- Common opinion. On Friday about all these debts. They're being slaughtered. It's a war zone now with these livery cab drivers. And a lot of people were bitching and complaining that blacks can't get cabs to take them up into bad neighborhoods. And Dunleavy was just saying, hey, they understand what these bad neighborhoods are like because a lot of the cabbies live in them because they can't afford to live in the nice areas. Not only do they live in these areas, they understand what the crime is like in them and they just don't want to go there. That's what it is. And like if Dunleavy said, why don't we get some of these people that are protesting that the cabbies won't pick up people of a certain ethnic backgrounds- And go to the bad neighborhoods. And let them drive the cabs for a while. Yeah, like give Danny Glover a little livery cab. Because it's not white guys in cabs necessarily turning people down. Cabbies are immigrants. They're people from all over the place. And they're getting killed going to bad neighborhoods. All these places, all these killings are happening in the Bronx and in very bad parts of Brooklyn, like East New York, Brooklyn. I mean, come on. You could be a rocket scientist. Jesus. They're finally getting the partitions up. Yeah, well, that's something they should have done a long time ago. A while ago. Remember when they weren't even in the yellow cabs? The partitions? That's nuts. It could be crazy. Hey Anthony, Reverend Al? Yeah. Has a solution to the problems with the livery cab drivers. Oh really? What is it? Black seat cabs. Oh yeah. Remember black seat cabs? Of course. Reverend Al? This is from the ONA archives. Check it out. Look who's coming through the door, Anthony. Huh? Reverend Al coming through the door, Anthony. Oh really? I think he has some commentary on the Danny Glover, uh, Blacks Can't Get Cabs in New York. Does he? I believe so. Well, where's his music? Well, there's his music and here he comes through the door, everyone. Reverend Al! Outrage! I am outraged! Outrage! Where are the lesbians? Who gives a crap about no taxi cab? I can't believe that, that old guy from Muskogee, wouldn't show up, boobies. What the hell's going on? I don't know. And Rick sounds like a goddamn pervert now. He's turned on. Rick's more disgusting than the movie. Hey Reverend Al, you want to see some white boobies? Well, I like to stick to my black sisters. Yeah. But what the hell? All right. Since she's here, let's see some dairy. Oh yeah! Yeah, baby. Reverend Al, I like that. That's why Reverend Al likes coming here. There you go. To the Obi and Anthony show. But I'm outraged! Now what are you outraged about today? Why can't a black man get a taxi cab in New York City? I don't know. Our own black girl had trouble early in the program. Yeah. Even your Reverend Al has been turned down trying to get a taxi cab. I can't get to dinner! I'm outraged! Reverend Al's got to be fed. Stop that car, you towelhead! I am starting my own taxi cab service for the community. Oh yeah? Reverend Al's Blacksy Cab. Served in the Bronx and Harlem and certain parts of Brooklyn. Unlike the white cabs, Reverend Al's Blacksy Cab will not be crowned Victorian. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. They are modified Bradley armored fighting vehicles. That's right. Wear comfort of bounds and they can take a few rounds. When you get in, you get a message of safety from Reverend Al. Okay. Welcome. Buckle up and put on your complimentary black jacket. And remember, no shooting inside the vehicle due to ricochet. Thank you. Have a nice trip on Reverend Al's Blacksy Cab. See, the white folks cab is equipped with what? Ample trunk space. Your Reverend Al's cab? Twin 50 millimeter cannons with tracer rounds. And Stinger anti-aircraft missile to clear the way to your destination. That's right. Reverend Al's Blacksy Cab, our motto, the engine's loud and the pain is faded. But sit back and relax. Wear armor plated. I'll be bringing those into the community very shortly. If you send your donations to Reverend Al at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. Thank you. I am Al Ray. All right. There he goes. Reverend Al, everyone. Where's that southern hick bitch? Take your top off. I am Al Ray. There he goes. Reverend Al. Boy, he's angry. He's a little angry, Reverend Al. I think he's more angry about the prude not getting top. Who wouldn't be? Okay. That brings the races together, doesn't it? It's good to know we can agree on something, right? Absolutely. The O.P. and Anthony Show. You're never going to amount to anything. It's awful. It's awful. Very, very offensive. Follow the street for the airwaves. I cannot believe that those morons are on the air. I don't know, Anthony. I think this is better than a rock block, don't you? Only half as nauseating. Anthony, we're in the middle of a commercial break, but I got to go to the phone real fast. Kevin, what's up? Yeah, what's up? Yeah, I just passed by House. I go to the Ivy League at NASA Community College. Yeah. And Psycho Mark's jumping in front of college. I'm giving out the... Whoa, whoa, whoa. You can't say that. You got to watch the F word. Psycho Mark jumping up and down, giving out wow stickers, and it's very effing funny. He's really funny, guys. Okay. I think he's going to get hit. Well, that's why we call him Psycho Mark. He doesn't care. He just doesn't care. He really doesn't. All right. Thank you. All right. Yeah, Psycho Mark's just making a scene around Hofstra, giving out the new wow stickers today. Anthony, Fidelity Diamond. Yes. We love Fidelity Diamond, and let me tell you why. They make it so easy to get an engagement ring. And a good engagement ring, one that's worth the money. Yeah, because they butcher at ease. I mean, you want to make that big step. You want to get the engagement ring. You don't know where to go. You don't know if you're going to get ripped off. Are you an expert, Opie, on diamonds? Am I? Who is? Someone could sell me a rock that they picked up off the ground and say it's a diamond. I don't know. Yeah. Fidelity Diamond educates you. Correct. Buying a diamond. Yeah, they explain to you why it's a good diamond. They weigh it right in front of you, Anthony. Yes. They set it right in front of you. You watch the whole process. They educate you. You walk out of the store going, you know what? I just got a good diamond. Yeah. Simple as that. For a great price. And Tom Colesino and the gang at Fidelity Diamond, they've been doing this for a very long time. I think this is like their 18th year in business, Anthony. Yeah. So if you're getting engaged in the near future, I do believe you're going to want to call Fidelity Diamond for a confidential appointment. That procedure might as well be painless. I mean, if you're getting married, something better be painless. Yeah, after that talk with Dice a little earlier. Yeah. But anyway, call Fidelity Diamond at 201-261-6555. That's 201-261-6555 for Fidelity Diamond. They're located on Route 17 South in Paramus, just minutes from Manhattan and Rockland County. I mention that because I see at the bottom of this copy here, Fidelity Diamond is proud to host a wow sticker stop, Anthony. Oh, yeah. They got wow stickers at Fidelity Diamond. Nice. Like right now? Right now or tomorrow? Tomorrow. Tomorrow they'll have wow stickers. Cool. So, what's the place to get your wow stickers? Fidelity Diamond, located on Route 17 South in Paramus. Okay? Great. Fidelity Diamond, give them a call. 201-261-6555. I'm running out of brain at this point. I'm a brainless buffoon. The Opie and Anthony Show. More stupidity on the way. That was pretty funny. Jimmy does a great job with those sweepers. Sometimes I'm not sure if he likes us or not, but he's a great guy. Jimmy, you're a great guy. Jimmy, you're a great guy. Jimmy, you're a great guy. Jimmy, you're a great guy. Jimmy, you're a great guy. Jimmy, you're a great guy. Jimmy, you're a great guy. Jimmy, you're a great guy. Jimmy does a great job with those sweepers. Sometimes I'm not sure if he likes us or not, but he makes us look really bad. I know. It's pretty funny. Yeah, we don't lie. That's funny stuff. Tom, checking in on instant feedback from Hofstra. I guess he has a view. Here go the cops on Hempstead Turf Bike. Uh-oh. All right, here's the deal. Psycho Mark's been handing out wow stickers, the brand new wow stickers, outside Hofstra for the last hour. He's caused traffic jams and everything. We're trying to move on with our radio show, but people are calling in like crazy. We're trying to move on with our radio show, but people are calling in like crazy. We're trying to move on with our radio show, but people are calling in like crazy. It seems that Psycho Mark has caused an accident outside of Hofstra. No. Well, let's see what's going on here. Gabe, what's going on? What's up, ONA? How are you? I was actually driving to Hofstra to get some wow stickers and over my flight apartment scanner comes an auto accident. And over my flight apartment scanner comes an auto accident at the Hofstra underpass right in front of Hofstra for the Uniondale Fire Department. I'm about 100 yards away right now. I'm trying to get up there. There's cops. There's chief cars. And they're talking they need ambulances up there. I don't know what the hell he did. Uh-oh. No, I don't know. If he's on the Dundas side, he's on the opposite side. Right now this is on the westbound side. So maybe Mark's not associated with this? I don't know because you say that what? Dunkin' Donuts? All right, hold on a line because I want you to get on the scene. Hold on. Let's hear from Mark. Psycho Mark. Hey, what's up, man? What's happening? You didn't call the... As you can hear, there's an accident. And it's not our fault. Oh, it's not your fault? It's not our fault. I repeat, it's not our fault. Here you go, dude. And there's tons of people coming by. We still have stickers out. We still have a traffic jam. But the accident's not our fault. Oh, good. There is an accident! All right, thank you, Psycho Mark. Sorry, guys. I don't know what there was any confusion about. All right, thank God you did not cause that accident. Did not cause the accident. Got to go. Bye. All right, bye. There he goes. John, what's going on? John? Yeah, how you doing? Good. What's up? What's up? Open hand? Yeah. Hey, what's up, guys? Yeah, I just drove past. Some dude's lying out there like on concert. What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? I'm out there like unconscious and whatnot. I just went under the bridge. I'm looking for this crazy guy. This guy ending up with stickers over here. Ah, here he is. There he is. You just found him? Okay. Yeah. All right, John, thank you. Hey, take care of that swamp lips. All right. You actually got that in. Yeah, I know. Psycho Mark was over by the Dunkin' Donuts. He's on the other side. Yeah, unfortunately, Psycho Mark didn't cause an accident. He slows down the track. Unfortunately, he wasn't in the accident. I thought I knew that. I thought I knew that. I thought I knew that. I thought I knew that. I thought I knew that. I thought I knew that. I thought I just got hit by a car. It was great. What a buzz. I'm whacked out of my mind. I'm whacked out of my mind. I don't even know I was hit. It's great. I can't feel my legs as well. All right, Anthony, what else do we have to do today? We've talked about just about everything that was going on over the weekend. Yeah. I'm trying to think of something. There was something. You want to talk about the MTV VJs, correct? That's ... I saw some of it. I saw some of it. They're trying to get a new VJ for MTV. The whole thing's a joke. Yeah, from the same contest that brought you the likes of Jesse Campion, and the likes of Robert DeWine, and the likes of Nick Bickle, and the likes of Jenny F. They have a great show, and that's great. from the same contest that brought you the likes of Jesse Camp a couple of years back. They got a new collection of losers that they parade in front of people and they get to vote for the newest VJ. MTV want to be a VJ3. They don't even use the VJs they pick. They use them for a little while and then they fade them out fast. They show up at those dopey appearances they do and just act like an idiot. This new guy is the closest thing to Jesse I've seen so far. This guy Raymond looks like... He looks like Puck. He's Puck wannabe. Remember Puck from the real world? Puck Rock. Puck. Big capital letters F-U-N. Fun. I'm on 8. I'm on 8. You don't want to see me on 10. Puck! Puck! I saw you put your fingers in the peanut butter. You pick your scabs. You put your fingers in the peanut butter Puck. This is not a healthy environment. I have HIV. This is not healthy for me. Either Puck goes or I go. Now look I'm getting married soon. Yes, he's cute. I really love. He's cute. We're getting married. I'm going to see Rachel's family. Me and Rachel. That was the best real world by far. Puck! Yeah, so this new guy is, I don't know, this Puck wannabe looking guy. The whole contest, the way they did it, has nothing to do with being a VJ. I think the best part of being a VJ or the best job anyone does is if you don't notice that they're a VJ. If they're just talking and you're paying attention to whoever they're interviewing or whatever song they're introing. You know what I mean? But these guys, they didn't even know how to hold mics to interview these people. They have them interviewing people and as the person's talking they still have the mic in front of their mouth and the person stops talking and they whip the mic in front of their mouth. Like they can't get the mic technique right. Remember that when David Letterman used to put, what's his name, what's that short little fact? Larry Budd. Larry Budd Melman out on the street. Hello? Where are you from? Yeah, remember that. Okay, and what are you doing? He put the mic away and put it in front of the face before he walked out with his question. That's exactly what they were doing. And the other guy, another guy was holding it like he thought he was a rap star. You know how you gotta hold the mic straight up and down? What? Rappers can't hold mics or guns properly. Hold the gun up so you got the sights up top, not sideways. It's like so many innocent bystanders get shot. Sideways there. Upside down now. They go upside down like this now. You're bucked, you're gave, I've got my Nana purple camper in your way. No, you're hitting a kid across the street because you're not using the sights properly. I think gun education in the rap community will save thousands of lives. But they're holding the mic like if you're going to shoot aim, aim the damn gun. Not upside down backwards like yo, here we go. Maybe we can stop the shooting OP but maybe we can help them hit their targets. Another low life. It's upside down now. The gun here. I'm over here now. Shoot over here now. So they're holding the mic all like yo, yo, what's up. And just a collection. One bimbo though, she was a Jennifer Lopez wannabe. She was dressed like Nikki from We Delivered Keggers with the cowboy hat and that. It was pretty funny. And then there was some black guy that thought he was all smooth and stuff. They voted him out. And they picked this schmuck. And I'm just like, you know, look at the Jesse Camp tapes, pal. That's where you're going to be. I'm just amazed that you sat and watched some of this. Sometimes you feel compelled. I couldn't get through 30 seconds of it. Carson couldn't do it. Carson looked so pissed off. But Carson has some serious problems too. Because now he is trying to sound so freaking black with the lingo and stuff when he's interviewing these people. And he just looks stupid. He just looks, just act yourself. You're not a dude from the hood. You know what's funny? I think his new chick is dressing him. Like he's got this new hot chick. What's her name? Tara Reed. Something like that. I think she's giving him ideas. Like he had this black nail polish on at one point. You know, she's probably like, baby, put the black nail polish on. No, I don't want to. You look cute. You look cute. I think you look cute. Put it on. Wear it on the show. Oh, no. I can't wear it on the show. If you love me, you wear it on the show. And all of a sudden there's Carson. Hi, Carson Daly with the black nail polish on. And I was wearing those glasses. What do you wear? If I remember, at least when I was growing up, they were called retard glasses. The only kid that wore them were the retards. He's trying to start a new trend, answer. Well, it ain't washing. But the black lingo's got to go, Carson. You sound completely stupid. And then they had that blonde chick that was running. She didn't know who the king of pop was. She's trying to be a VJ. She didn't know who the king of pop was. Well, except pedophile as an answer. That's your final answer. Yeah, so Carson looked all pissed off. And you've got to give him something for it because he tried, he worked at being a VJ. And that's how he got in. He didn't just show up at an audition. Well, he's a radio guy. He was pretty successful out there in LA. No, he wasn't. He wasn't for a year. He did all right in LA. Not for a year. Look at Rick all bitter. Rick wants to be Carson Daly's stranger. No glasses and no fat clothes. Let me tell you something about Rick. Rick wants to be Carson Daly's soulmate. I don't want to be Carson Daly. Ouch. That hurt. I could hear it in your voice. I said he was successful in LA. And you're like, he was never here. I've been tracking his career. He actually did well in LA. Well, because MTV came calling because they thought he had some talent. Rick, your dream job is MTV. At least admit it. If MTV called tomorrow and said we want you to audition, you wouldn't go? Probably not. You're such a liar. You picked something else that wasn't there. We've seen the Mulcahy's tape. That was eons ago. I guarantee you want to be a VJ. I do not, Kate. I mean, oh. Oh, yeah. Oh, boy. What? Is that a stamp? I don't get it. It's a little joke. I know. Why? Why would you? I don't even get it. What's the joke? Yeah. What is that? What? Are you reaching? No, not at all. Well, we're just trying to say it. I don't get it. I don't know. He's trying to call me someone else to make fun of me. What was that? Yeah. A little joke. Oh, because I tried after VH1? Right. Oh, let's see. That was a while ago. It's OK. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's OK. It still works. Dude, I would never go on VH1, first of all. That wouldn't work. Do you guys remember that? What? Yeah, our old boss wanted to hire Carson. Yeah. It's not after you guys. Yeah. All right. Jesus. Are you done with that thought, Anthony? Yeah, I was just saying he's probably pissed off that he worked at it, you know, went through some channels and stuff and was hired because of whatever talent he has to be a VJ, you know, whatever you have to do it to make it look natural. I think it's kind of rough, you know? Right. And then they just get these dweebs off the street and it's got to piss them off, you know? Imagine that you go through, like I was saying with the airline pilot, you go through all that training, maybe the Air Force, learn how to fly and all of a sudden you go on the cockpit and there's the pilot. Hey, what's up? Hey, I won this job. Right. Mark, you're out of stickers and you're coming home? Yeah, we're completely out of stickers. We're on our way back. All right, cool, man. We'll see you when you get back. Excellent. Psycho Mark's done causing havoc out there at Hofstra. Someone wants to call you a homo? Why? Tommy, what's up? Yo, what's up, guys? Hey. Anthony, you're going to No Doubt shows. You're monitoring MTV. Are you part homo? Yeah, boy, that must be it. Geez, oh, you got me there. MTV is so lame. I mean, we're in our 30s. I know it is. We were in touch with MTV about 10 years ago. Dude, don't you understand? I know it's lame. I watch it because it's lame. I watch it for the real world. Yeah, but you don't touch it. I mean, isn't it slow motion? Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. I mean, it's slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. Slow motion is slow motion. He used to go out with Jennifer Leview with that Carson Daly. What the hell did she sing in him? He must have a wang. A deep one. Very Tommy. Syndication on the ground. Yes. There you go. Peace. Syndication allegedly. Allegedly. Hi Edith. Hi Edie. Yeah, call her Edie. Edie. Edie. You can't just get your groove on with the Edie. You know what I mean? Let's just put the word out there right now. Who else is listening to us around the country? Around the country. We have one listener. Don't be SS. Yeah, don't be SS because that's not cool. Yeah. We have one listener in Cali. Edie. I wonder if there's anybody else. Yeah. It's got to be Edie though. How are you going to get into it? Yeah. Oh Edith. The only thing you think is like, oh that feels so good. I wonder if... Stick your tongue in it Archie. Oh yeah. Agnes. You spread them Agnes. I wonder if Sweetness is listening to us on the internet these days. I remember her. Sweetness. Sweetness was on the internet. She had one of those home cams. She's been emailing me but I just... Really? We just don't have the heart to do that again. There was something called, it's still out there I guess, the Jenny Cam. Was pretty much the first chick that really got notoriety for putting her life on the web. You tune in occasionally and sometimes she'd just be doing her homework or laundry or there would be an empty room. But occasionally you tune in and she might be banging her boyfriend or she might be sleeping and the covers would come off her ass and you'd see her kind of naked. It was kind of cool. It was the beginning of the whole internet thing when people were putting web cams on. So we get a line on another one called Sweetness Cam. Sweetness. Like oh let's check out Sweetness. We punch her up. She's about 20 years old and big fat ass. Huge ass. But her youth kind of covered up for it. That she had nice firm boobies. Huge cams. Huge firm boobies. But a big ass. And she would just, anytime she's on camera she's using toys and she's just writing stuff on her body and she's effing and just everything. So it was kind of cool to watch even though she was chubby. So she emailed us a little while ago and we checked her camera again now a few years later. Now I guess she's probably what 24? Yeah, 24ish. Oh my god, gravity working on mass. It's unbelievable what happened. She's from Minnesota. Sweetness. Sweetness. We used to get her to do some crazy ass things. Yeah we'd be on the air and we'd have her cam popped up and we'd say okay write Opium and Anthony on your big boobs and she'd do that. Alright see that thing that's next to you on the bed? Make it disappear. And she would. Guns out. Kind of fun. Interactive computer. And then listeners would request things for her to do and she would do it. And this was only a few years back but it was before they really got into the pay thing on this. It used to be that people just did it because they loved people watching them. So you'd pop on the cameras but now it's all behind pay sites and eh, screw it. We got a listener from Philadelphia. Philly. Hey, Felix from Philly or Philadelphia. This is Felix from Philadelphia. Are you really listening to us from Philadelphia? Yes I am sir. Where do you live in Philly man? South Philly. South Philly. We don't know how you're listening to us but eh. Don't need to. You'll find out. Alright. Alright Philly. Now why did you decide to listen to us in Philadelphia? I got a cousin who lived there and I couldn't stop staying and listening to the dance floor every day in and out. He would actually call me to get something like six. He called me and just set the phone on the radio and I just listened. Oh cool. See that's what we mean by syndication underground. Any way possible. Syndication at all costs. I've probably been listening for about a month or so since he's been listening but eh, you know I've been listening all last week and today. Oh cool. It's a hysterical, hysterical shutdown. Thank you man. Alright we'll remember you Felix. We got Felix in Philadelphia and we got Edie in California. There we go. Thank you Felix. Thank you for checking in Philly. Philadelphia, I'm from our Philly affiliate. Can I answer, can I just ask a quick request? Yes. Can I get a punch in the uterus from my left hand? Hold on. Hey, hey, wait a minute. Uh oh. Someone's screwing with my volume knob. Alright Felix, now I can't punch you in the uterus. That's right. So I will punch you in the prostate. I prefer testicles. Can you punch me in the testicles? Alright. I will punch you in the testicles. Alright bend over and push everything below to make the bowl of fruit. There we go. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. Alright. I can see you just barely can. I can see you just barely can. I can see you just barely can. I can see you just barely can. Aleti can you hear it? Aleti can you hear that? I can hear it. See when someone pushes like he tried to look like a women so he takes his junk and puts it between the legs and crosses the legs so it looks like a woman in the front but from the back it's called the bowl of fruit. Now do that and bend over. Get a good view. And there we go. Right in the testicles. I'm working like a speed bag. Right now with the diamond dust guy. Nah, we don't want to talk about that. Diamond dust. I can't get any answers from my cousin. He's like, I just got to listen. Opie's old CB handle. When I was really, wait, I was really young though. I know that doesn't help my claws here but. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, here Yep. Where our signal doesn't reach, Trey checking in. We know Northern Connecticut very well from our past radio lives. And Rob, hello from, yeah, Texas. Goddamn. Been listening about a week. Wow, you got some catching up to do, Texas. You really do. All right, what do you got over there that's making you giggle? Unbelievable. Wait, wait, yeah, the New Zealand guy, send us your number, we'll call you. Yeah, we want to talk to you. Send us your phone number. Add, we'll call. I want to hear that accent. Give us a call, add. All right. I'll be 18 kids with 11 women. Then he's shot dead at 21. 21 years old. You got 18 kids with 11 different women. They show him here a picture. Let me guess, he's a white guy from Dix Hills? Oh, so close. It's a black guy from Birmingham, Alabama. That's close stuff. Alabama. And Jesus Christ, this is despicable. I mean, and the women too. I mean, 18 kids, 11 different women. Some tells me this guy wasn't flitting the bill at all either. And he got shot on April 3 by a masked gunman, leaving 11 women to care for the 18 children, who he named all after his favorite cars. What are some of the names, Anthony? Oh yeah, him in the coffin. With his hat. Yeah, they're all posing with the kids around. Look, the little kid smiling in this one, all around the coffin of him dead. He's like, he kind of looks like the cube, doesn't he? Looks like Ice Cube. He's got his baseball cap on. He's all dressed in red, so I guess he was a blood. And shot to death. He called his kids after cops. He got one kid, a daughter named Mercedes, and another named Infinity. Unbelievable. Yeah, hear the runt of the litter? I call that you go. And the mother, very upset. The mother of this, is there like five or six mothers there? Mother of this 20, 21 year old, who's 39 by the way. She's a 39 year old grandmother of 18. It's another friggin planet. It's just another planet down there. Birmingham, crime ridden Birmingham, Alabama. Well I'm sure they could afford to have this many children, and it's not a burden on the government and taxpayers or anything, Opie. Look at all the pictures of these kids. Look at them all. Let me see. What rag is that? It's, gotta check it out for themselves. The National Enquirer. Okay. There he is. George made his living selling cars from his mother's backyard. Alright, he loved them all. Right. This guy is a sperm bank. He's just a sperm donor. Unbelievable. From his mother's backyard. He was selling cars. He was selling cars from his mother's backyard. It's not a reputable car sales business, believe me. Who else sells cars from their mother's backyard? Buick, Buick, get over here and wash the window. I gotta sell this one. That's pretty good. You're walking around with a squeegee brush? Where's my fat son Miata? Come here. Hey, it's the Hanoi Hilton checking in. Hanoi Hilton? Yeah, we have a listener from Vietnam. I am not even going to believe that. I don't even think there's internet service over there. Just stop. Alright. Let's go to Ian. Ian, what's going on? Hey, how's it going? Alright. Yeah, I'm up in Toronto. Listen, I actually got a whole bunch of buddies up here listening to you now. You're listening from Toronto? Yeah, I'm from Toronto, yeah. A flatbed, Opie. I live in Buffalo and that sounds like the Toronto accent, yes. Yeah. I've been up there a bunch of times. Out and about and out. Yeah, see? A boot. A boot. I might be going up there for my birthday, man. That's cool. You were living in Buffalo? Yeah. Yeah, that was a prison sentence. Yeah, Buffalo's a crazy town, man. I was there for three years and I couldn't wait to leave. Yeah, that's cool. Yeah, Toronto's sick, man. It's got anywhere, guys. Yeah, you're cool. I call, you know, like your show's the best. A bunch of friends listening up here and are you, when's going to do your next road trip? When are you going to do something in most of the local bars down in town? What, in New York? Yeah. We're going to probably do some kind of summer kickoff party. That's cool because I was actually in McKay Heath when you guys were there. Oh, right on. Hi, Ann. Yeah, so I'm coming back down in a couple weeks so I just want to know if you guys are doing anything. He's coming back Dune. Dune. Yeah, so just call him to say, you know, love the show, keep up the good work and rock and roll, boys. All right, thanks, man. There's Ian, our listener from Toronto. There he is. Oh, Canada. So, Ian, syndication's happening. We've got 20 listeners all over the country. I know. Only 20 people can listen. A lot of people asking about the Spazz thing tomorrow. We're going to make it later on in the week. Yeah. Give people time to get down here and make plans for... Where is the Spazzmeister today? He's moving today. It's the stress of moving. He called me at home and asked if he could take a sick day to move today. How come he didn't call me? I don't know. He doesn't have my home number. He just doesn't feel close enough to you yet. I don't feel close enough to you. He moved, though? He's moving an hour and a half from the station. Don't say that. No, people are going to know where I live. An hour and a half? What do you have? Draw an hour and a half radius around the...an hour and a half away? I got like an hour commute and I hate it. That's an hour and a half train ride, not counting like driving to the train and then walking after getting...it's going to be like a... Oh, he's got an hour and a half train ride? Yeah, it's going to be a... What state did he move to? Jesus. It's going to be a two hour commute each way for him. Not bad. It'll give me time to think and reflect. So we found out that Spaz is $47,000 in debt. Yeah. So we figured we'd try to raise a little money for him. So we're allowing you guys to abuse Spaz for five bucks a piece. He's going to be dressed in his Boy Scout uniform. Yeah, because we found out he went all the way to the top. What's the top of the Boy Scout thing? Eagle Scout, maybe? A...fag. Yeah, he's going to be some kind of an Eagle Scout. All right, so he's going to... Or he was. He's going to dress up in his little uniform there, his Boy Scout uniform, his Eagle Scout uniform, whatever the highest is. Yeah. And he's going to hold a sign outside the building. You want to make it Thursday? Sure. Let's make it Thursday, Anthony. Thursday. All right, so make your plans to join us Thursday outside the building. Spaz will be in his Cub Scout uniform or whatever it is, Boy Scout, and he'll be holding a sign Abuse Me for Five Bucks. You hand the five bucks to Rick and you get to say whatever you want to Spaz. You just can't touch him. And it'll go to what, paying off Spaz's debt? Of $47,000, yes. Well, that really ought to cut it down. Well, you never know, man. There's a lot of people that have things to say to Spaz. Adam from Glencoe checking in. I thought Spaz would have wanted to move into the St. Regis. That's a lot closer. The commute would have been that. I tried to get a room. All right, let's go to the phones. 212-757-1027 if you have something. Corey, what's going on? Hey, Corey. Hello. Hey, what's up, buddy? Yeah, what's up, guys? You're on the air. Yeah, can you guys hear me? Yeah. You know, I've been listening since the... OK. What's up, buddy? You guys can hear me? Hello? Hey, what's up, Corey? Hello? Your phone's all kablooey. Corey? Well, there he goes, Opie. All right. So you listen, I guess, to the show. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. I'm listening. Yes. To the show, right? Thank you. I've got a question for you guys. Oh, there he is. All right, Corey. Let's hear it. See if you guys are going to get this, because I've been trying to think... Sorry, me and my friends... I'm trying to think. Sorry, me and my friends have been trying to think... Hello? Hello? Hello? Corey, hi. Hi, Corey. What's up? OK. OK. You know when you hang out with like a hot girl and she's always got that ugly friend? Yeah, we've talked about that. You're always like, what the hell? Why is this hot girl hanging out with this ugly, ugly pig? Yeah, it's, you know, the hot girl is going to get her. hanging out with this ugly, ugly pig. What would be a good universal term to use for that girl? No idea. I believe you might have the answer, right Cory? No, I don't know yet. I hope you guys can get some listeners maybe to give me some potential ideas. Dead weight? I don't know, you tell me. Dead weight. Alright, someone will come up with something. I appreciate it guys, thanks a lot. Alright Cory, the one that ruins it? The one that ruins it? Alright. The planet Mars checking in, listening on the internet. Mars saying even we think spaz is a jerk. Boy, we really do get out there. Alright. That's an interesting thought, knowing that these radio waves just go out into space helping forever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever and ever ever and ever ever and ever ever 2014 4 wobbly legs exactly and then you get to try to corner them in the bar and you know buy them shots and a few of them will try a few of them will try to protect their own for a little while but when they realize uh... it's futile they they run off and and leave the prey yeah they bolt and they run away onto the savannah and and leave the uh... the weak one behind for us for bachelors like you and me and yeah baby cool man all right that's it i meant that it take it easy for a brother or uh... what is this someone sent it to us it's a message there's a message board is this worth even reading uh... it's uh... went to take a break we don't like breaking was going to read this was it uh... i'll read it during commercial so we don't know everyone with that uh... i will be back stay there and this is jim brewer and you listen to the new f m talk one of two seven eight w opi and anthony and they're part of my new class then we gather every tuesday to the first month and we talk about our past lives and i used to be a butterfly flying away i think i resummoned in the end or two i guess funny we got some pretty funny in a second but first anthony fidelity diamond yes but you would love thinking of uh... taking the plunge into holy matrimony uh... all be don't be don't be so jaded if i can have an open mind and realize that people fall in love and plan on getting married uh... uh... uh... uh... may jaded at the listening to what came out of your mouth the last six to eight months you think i must can be stupid stupid up to walk down the aisle anytime soon well if you are stupid enough to wear something smart two words pre-e-nup well and i think it's pretty hard to write a pre-nup when you have that in snips in one hand and uh... paycheck uh... of about a hundred and fifty bucks in the other but yet baby you a taken half of my fortune but i'm not going to knock it on the best i think full fittings at eight-inch round pipe from the treasure in the company enough she taught you that right now so i thought that that's pretty good but sometimes i should keep these thoughts myself you know big maybe i shouldn't blurt out everything that comes in my mind you've got to keep yourself in constant mental delay sorry about punch out before it comes out of your mouth i apologize that's right now but as far as marriage goes uh... i've said a few times on the show yeah uh... my wife's not born yet uh... he's waiting so there you are had baby i had to mary think that's crazy i look at all those celebrities with those you know how to use the masses and i like what thirty years old themselves realistically mind my wife's not born yet on my god well and well when you're out there on a bang on placido domingo's that daughter hall granddaughter where's that playboy or we know the reason well open when you want finally is born at some point and goes through the whole thing with the uh... pacifier baby clothes right uh... elementary school junior high maybe you could take a the prom and i let's put it this way i'm hoping tom colesino if it'll be done and will still be around with you when my uh... my uh... wife to be uh... is of age to be now my god i hope at that point they don't figure out how to turn out water to diamonds as a public make your own at home like incredible edibles when you're a kid but it yes sir people out there that uh... are in love and they need a engagement well no matter if you're out wedding and and marriage is going to be a wonderful thing or a horrible horrible thing gone bad mistake errant in your life uh... you don't want to start off on the bed for you you must uh... by your diamond ring from fidelity diamond and be an expert you can't be an expert in marriage can you but you could be an expert in buying a diamond date educate you everything you need to buy a diamond you select your diamond loose like you should have selected your woman short and they are way the diamond in front of you while you watch they said it it's a beautiful thing if only your marriage could last like your fidelity diamond ring and if it doesn't fidelity ready to buy a your unwanted diamonds turn into instant cash uh... i can see many guys walking into the store getting this deal some tells me that's a hundred percent women walking in and catching in the diamonds i don't have any so i think it go fidelity diamond cash in any diamonds uh... at the end yes open lot of names coming in for the ugly girl uh... parasite sensitivity barricade uh... designated ugly friend designated driver uh... and the gipper the gipper take on for the gift of take one for the gift of take one for the different take on the other that should be one take one for the different very good guys thank you for that on the phone lines okay back to fidelity diamond ethnic yes fidelity time since uh... e this is the place to get your diamond engagement ring place political what are you going to go to the department so i get taken for right now they educate you uh... you will get uh... you won't get ripped off and it will be a wonderful wonderful thing at a wonderful wonderful price give a call two oh one two six one six five five five make your appointment now two oh one two six one six five five five fidelity diamond and really fast fidelity diamond is proud to host a while sticker stop tomorrow at the end so if you're looking for the uh... with them out wednesday uh... stickers uh... fidelity diamond will have them tomorrow fidelity diamond is located on route seventeen south in paris okay all right all right uh... real estate and uh... and all the we've got a smile on our faces and one of the seven w any of you okay terrific okay it's the only show anyone else noticing that everyone in new york city using okay terrific yeah what's up with that don't even make so many minutes of a time i know i want to talk about absolutely won't but it's like okay terrific okay terrific you know you can't really fault them it is uh... becoming like one of those catchphrase things to say i hear people say all the time i don't know who they are anything but i'll be somewhere in the inside me and behind me you guys on the side of the day and funny it's out of our hands now will be and if you're transvestite you want to send an autographed glossy photograph to the opening of the show don't sign it with one it's a weird stuff in the house are you certainly do of anyway we have a uh... a new enemy of the show possibly yeah all this is always fun i'm just trying to get the site up real quick all right for ron uh... we look there tina india these people are all mad at us and we got the indians mad at us not the cowboy killing woo indians not the beaver pelt wearing trunks now stop them just being out of hand to get a rise out of everybody you understand right by understand that dot it's is what you're talking about right now uh... yeah so i did you get the website up and trying i got this india thing i just can't find that the link to the uh... so the forums indian discussion groups or as that must be a just uh... really full full website they must just get hits all the time well you have to find like the open only and is that let me say good down there immigration says u.s. immigration well and very close to their hearts uh... anyway on this uh... indian discussion forum message board this girl six a girl posted a message very angry uh... everyone who cares anything about racism against south asian people in america listen to this i was driving home from school and on the new york radio station w any w f m honey stupid program called the open and to be sure meaning to ignorant jackasses who someone was brain dead enough to give a radio show we can't we use that and opium anthony to ignorant jackasses is someone was brain dead enough to give a radio show to that's a great idea write that down for our voice guide the okay terrific guy yeah i got uh... there was a scene going on it may still be going on for any of you who might live in new york it's one of two seven on your radio dial without going into the whole long story evidently one of these two jerks either opium anthony had a difficult time with a pakistani driver of a car service last night that would be anthony with the fallas mouth and calling this man every mother effort and pig name he could come up with when i can't use the mother effort word on the air so that's a lie right there i could say mother effort but the way it's felt here it's as if i said it sorry i can't uh... in pig name he could come up with he had a boss of the uh... car service on the radio complaining about the driver car service boss that that was talked about that was when you call and called the car services to fill it everyone in and you waited what two hours or something for the car dirt i waited like four hours for our or and i i had to leave my truck at home and uh... was having its breaks on how you use the car service to get in i have no problem is that car service to get back home and waited four hours making multiple phone calls to this company saying send the goddamn car you know always there i don't know the idiot isn't here this guy jerked me around so bad it finally showed up i got the car all pissed off he does get out of my car i don't know you take me home get out your angry you're angry get out of my car so i was like get out okay fine i'll get out go f yourself i kicked the door i was all pissed on the next day you went on a rant so i called up the boss of coming as a okay well i have to radio show in new york and i'll listen to marcus your company's going to get a very uh... nice commercial from us tomorrow for a piss i am and i unloaded and the guy informed me that this time was an idiot and he happens to be a pakistani the limo service boss uh... evidently in charge of dispatching was totally kissing up to open anthony and join them in derating this driver on the air and talking about how this driver uh... how in this driving business in the city we have to work with those people and say all kinds of ethnic slurs without any fear of repercussions at all it was completely outrageous but the straw that broke the camel jockeys of the camel's back was when one of these morons as the car service boss what national analogy the driver was any told i guess he's pakistani the radio guys screams over the air i hate all pakistanis all pakistanis are dirt they're all mother efforts india should drop the bomb on them i believe you did say something very similar to that you're so pissed i said all pakistanis i hate them all they are dirt they're all mother efforts in india should drop the problem yet it matches uh... identically to what i said yes the limo guy uh... just sat there and let him say all these uh... discriminatory things about the driver and kept joining it in a green it was the worst display of over overt racial discrimination by radio program i've ever heard my life uh... civil liberties unions fcc should hang them uh... people of the bomb uh... and before any of you indians out there get too cocky because they said that they uh... that india should be dropping a bomb you should first remember that if this time had been from india instead of pakistan they would have been saying the same thing about you and no that's not true i really hate pakistan this is a blatant slur against all south asian people so all of you out there should be up in arms create any stinker you can about these two jerks all they do uh... yeah they created a stinker right for you to have a look at this show you the proper terminology it's a bad you know i'm an al sharpton on our your side he'd be protesting they've been they'd just going to like all the station and complain uh... called the limo service and complain uh... opium anthony of jerks she reiterates that that's about it i know this is good on please take some action in this i'm appalled for all spon south asians but i'm only one small voice and they only hear mind it will hold no weight furthermore all their radio listeners are sure will now be calling into the radio station support of one day because they're idiot listeners all under-educated ignorant pigs simply adore them so these guys will get away with it and actually be praised for with joking and back slapping everything start the back slapping please stand up for yourselves and be heard and contact any of your relatives in new york to also call and complain about the disgraceful outrage against the south asian people in america i hope i haven't offended anyone by a i am in shock all right so uh... new enemy of the show was the website after w w w dot india link dot com india linked up india link dot com there's a forum section uh... rick how how easy was that to get to i had a time all you did there's no link to it i cannot laws yeah i could their discussion forum you can't even find i mean it's the that page up this is the most pathetic message what i've ever people we have to do something about getting the traffic up on this website there is about fifteen postings on this whole thing half of which are from this girl that uh... rags us pretty much talking to herself through the message board totally all right on the best is here but another one because now they all discuss it's the wrong number that's great that's smart all good all that's good it's that's the car service number that's going to be happy to hear you over there yes so they're they're giving out the phone number the car service was the way they think it's the number of the radio station i got a problem with uh... the some of the pakistani people the guy that drive the cars the pakistanis that drive the cars a shower it's very hard to get into a car and have people stink you could shower in the morning it's not against the law here that's the problem i have and the guy was very rude well that's a lot of trust to get out we'll give it to steve they could like it you guys could just fire away fire and we have to hear from it give your opinions that india link dot com of form board have fun with it and let's go to this mesh what's going on they were going to open it uh... yeah what's a vicious a i have no idea what the ticket comes from them yeah uh... i've been with the guy for about two years you got the chance but it's your furniture thank you and i have no idea what the heck is talking about i love being funny jerk that you know it's all good all good okay well thank you this is pretty much all right today i don't know what the hell she talking about and what you thought that uh... come from you know what leave it alone i think about it like that i was sure to uh... steve steve what's going on without not much when i learned on the opium and the show today well you know why not look at the time we can go right to that sure i learned that the type means that banana whistle when he shoots his load well i didn't know where that came from and that was a little where that fell a little flat but uh... the rest of the dice uh... conversation today was great yeah it was great thanks a lot guys thank you steve but that's that's pretty funny uh... say and i'd go what's going on what's up how are you uh... very good and they had where solving her problem any kind of these dot page right here to give you any problem all yeah i got some for you bubble you just let them know that there are only we you want to know what it is it's your junk uh... uh... really that great call my paint your journal driving bananas well it's not india and so the pakistani oh yeah they you'd trust me they don't think the language is a to work with a dirty stinky rats on the guns alright thank you brother i was going to jason we'd just have a few minutes left on a mic next jason what's going on yeah i'm over here now uh... i learned that uh... the title of the city is going to be a proper with the end date so i thought we'd jay and then they are made house my game page on your race overnight you farmers uh... has a lot more from uh... thank you jason got a thank-you guys for calling today that was uh... that was huge yes actually here's one thing to the uh... uh... entertainment weekly i guess we call it up in the uh... looks like we're going to be in next week's issue and it's not going to be pretty uh... uh... mario what kind of gentleman how are you mario you know i learned today yet i learned that i think it was one step closer to finding god yeah i was a little we are not that happened to call the new album that i don't know you know i mean that the next step uh... can you see guys doing that so i i gotta tell you about my no personal relationship with jesus christ now the lord is our savior the right i i i went to a period of my life where i was doing things that maybe the lord didn't like you hear me but jesus is over here now okay in my heart jesus is over here now uh... it doesn't work man and the lord says to you stop the evil ways to obey over here okay i'm over here now my disciple clumped on a candy come here uh... no more with the heavy banana now it's a cross i don't like with across i'm touring the country spread the word of god did you see that oh my god that's a good that would be too friggin surreal yeah i got jesus is over here now oh father who are in heaven oh uh... so well you know in the old days i might have talked about moses going to the burning bush and then it in something dirty but it's not a beautiful thing finding god jesus is over here now uh... i'll not read from the book of e john twenty three seven five eight two uh... and uh... the store map from bay on new jersey i learned that in the world according to dice everyone with bad karma is coming back as a major with sausage link fingers but even the major children of god she what i was saying before was bad it just remember the battle cry of god the lord jesus is over here now uh... and we gotta get out of here and you know okay you think when midgets got a haven they get small little angel wings that's not funny it's really what i'm thinking jesus over here now i was over there now i'm over here with the lord uh... i don't want to see that man i do not want to say that little angel suits little angel suits and that time to toy bodies the public angel halo it was immaculate conception jesus with mary mary never felt the yin bag on a race immaculate uh... the idea always over the top record i've had it where i hear that we gotta go we gotta go man i'd jim i'd jim says real fast i learned today that only a like stacker two for dice here at that's pretty good you guys we really gotta go we're running late again thanks for checking us out we'll see you guys tomorrow to write down a mic next philip happening on my favorite shows i learned that from my ride home i'm going to wear the fence because i think that your show's so funny i gotta feed myself every day that's another goal we have everybody wetting their pants on their drive home that's a f***ing god damn why do you shamelessly waste my time like this one oh two seven w n e w