 OP and Anthony. Who would you rather nail? I disqualified myself because I got them both. Who's the best hero? 1027 WNEW. It's the ONA show. Ha ha ha. It is. Barely the ONA show today. Full line 212757 1027. Hey. Hello Anthony. Hey Op. Hey. How are you? Very good. Good, good, good. Yes. Well it seems we had a little incident. I could just read a couple of instant feedbacks. Yeah. It'll explain itself. Bob from Manhattan. I just watched the WNEW van lose a tire on 39th between 5th and 6th. The driver looked like he S'd himself. Yeah. Another guy. The WNEW van is crippled on 39th Street between 5th and 6th. The tire came off while he was driving. No lug nuts holding the tire on. No lug nuts. Hmm. Stinky was in the van and almost perished today. And Pete. If their families are listening they're okay. Everything is fine. No injuries. To report. The crippled bomber made it back to the airfield. But Stinky man. He really wants the airtime I guess. Yeah really. Stinky get on Mike. You undoing the lug nuts just so we put you on the air? Get over there Stinky. Over there. Sky school broadcast. I know. He doesn't know what's right or wrong. So what happens Stinky? He's a little shook. He's shaken up I think. Tell us the story. From the beginning you guys left the station to do what? To check out where the road truck was being held and check out the road. Check the ISDN line out to see if it was working. Right. So you had to drive all the way to Island Park on Long Island. South Beach Dance Club doing the live broadcast Thursday. And then everything went fine there right? Yeah it looks great. It's right on not the ocean but the water. There's docks and everything. It's a nice place. Cool. Thank you Stinky. Very good. So then you got back into the WNEW van right? And then what happened? You made it all the way back to the city? Yeah right through. And we were going across 36th Street and we got stuck in a grid. So we made a right up Fifth Avenue. And it was a tight right because we were trying to get out of the grid and we heard a grinding noise. So we kept going. We didn't think anything about it. Made our next left to keep going across town. Hit a bump and all of a sudden the van tips on toward the front side and the wheel goes shooting off in front of us. It hits a car in front of us. Oh man. So the wheel flew off the WNEW van. Now from the looks of it, it looked like the lug nuts were like loosened or not on. Looked like that. I don't know. I'm not really good with cars but it just looked like the lug nuts weren't on there. And wherever the tire was being held on just got stripped and ripped right off. Like they must have been loosened and it was vibrating and vibrated away all the threads on the lug nuts. And then finally the rest of the nuts just came off. Yeah because we could only find one lug nut by the scene of the accident. Interesting. That is... So someone sabotaged our van. That's what it sounds like. Lug nuts don't just come off. Let's not sugarcoat this. Someone sabotaged our van and these guys could have got really hurt. Killed. Could have been killed or killed someone else. You were only going what? 10 or 15 miles an hour when the wheel went flying off? Do people think when they do stuff like this, like a tire flying across a road could go right into a pedestrian or a windshield? And then there'd be a big police investigation, maybe surveillance cameras that would see someone effing with the tires. Who knows? And then all of a sudden you think it was all funny and then you're getting butt raped in prison because you killed somebody. That's hysterical. Because only about 20 minutes before this happened they were going about 60-65 miles an hour on the Long Island Railway. Long Island Expressway. That's right. What? People don't think. This idiot down the hall just came in and told us something and he could have been involved. Mark could have been involved? In an outside way he could have been involved. Mark, get back in here. What? What is he talking about? It was my fault. Don't say what station, just say what you did. No, on my way, the van was driving beautifully yesterday, might I add, when I took it to the sticker stop. But I was on my way there and I saw that particular other station that we... Don't even worry about it. We know who we're talking about, but I saw their pickup truck and I gave them the old, you know, one finger salute. But they wouldn't have gone into our garage and done that, even though they parked their vehicle there too. Somebody sabotaged our van. Yeah, someone did. Lug nuts don't fall off a car. Eight of them don't just fall off a car. The tires hadn't recently been changed for a flat or anything, so it's not like someone didn't tighten it up. Somebody loosened the lug nuts and could have killed somebody. That's great. That's real thinking. When you're giggling, taking off lug nuts, you know, you might have killed somebody. All of a sudden there goes someone else's life because they're dead. And then you're in prison getting the old Louisiana black snake. And poor Pete is in the weight room prom. Pete's been working for this radio station for like 35 years. Never drives the van. Just wants to retire, you know, just wants to punch the clock, get his job done and go home. And he was scared S-less. He called my phone today, Anthony. Yeah. Just losing it. Is Pete okay now? He seemed all right, yeah. He was just shocked, you know. He didn't know what to do. All of a sudden, it's a desperate situation. He must have had a flashback because five years ago he rolled his car on the Jersey turnpike. So he must have had like a Vietnam flashback. Here it goes again. Good thing you guys are going slow. There's nothing worse than driving, especially at speed, and just seeing a tire go to the side and go, hey, where'd that come from? Then you realize the front of your car is going down. Uh-oh, that's mine. That's just scary. That is just scary. Bobby, what's going on? What's going on, guys? How are you? I saw who did it. Who? The Invisible Man. Bobby, the Invisible Man. Take it easy, guys. Later. Yeah, maybe someone had it out for Earl and thought he'd be driving it. Dave, what's going on? Even though it could have been a narrowly missed catastrophe, we do love a war. We don't know who did it. Oh, come on. We really don't know who did it. We'll find out. And there will be retribution. We will find out. Lug nuts just don't get loosened. No, not eight of them. Not eight of them. Not even two of them. No. Every once in a while when you get a flat you might find one or two that are a little loose. But not eight that are loosened off the wheel. I guess they just wanted to up the ante. See what we're made of, the Almi. All right, Dave. Be good. Thank you. Please warm up the Enola Gay. It's time to drop the A-bomb. Go figure. Stinky probably smelled so bad the car keeled over. Let's go to Tim. Tim, you're next on NAW. How are you? How are you doing? Good. This is Tim. Listen, I work for EMS downtown Manhattan. I saw Mark driving like a maniac yesterday. Really? At that sticker stop he was weaving in and out of traffic. He must have drove around the block like 30 times. Oh, sorry about that. Watch that S-word. Watch the S-word. He was driving like a maniac. He was cool though. He gave us some stickers and stuff. Right. All right. I just thought I'd let you guys know. Maybe he's in on it. All right. Thank you, man. All right. Later. Bye. Let's go to Margaret. Margaret, what's going on? Hello? Hi, Margaret. Hi. I'm Margaret. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I'm a senior at the University of Manhattan. I believe my personal opinion is it was Black Earl to slosh. I believe he said if I can't drive the van, no one's driving the van. Of course I'll be questioning the invisible man. I'll keep an eye out for him. I only got one good one left. I don't know, I think we do need Colombo on this one. Of course there was an angry Nikki from We Deliver Keggers up in the studio. Perhaps she went downstairs and with her screeching voice, loosed in the lug nuts. Although it could be Martin Landau or numerous radio personalities around this city. Hey Jack, what's going on? Hey, what's up guys? How are you? In 1978 when I was 18 I was working in Paramus, New Jersey over by the Stanley Water Theater. I was working as a mechanic in a shop. A car out on the roof floor heading west towards Patterson, an Oriental guy had just got done changing his flat tire. What he did was he put the flat side of the lug nut to the wheel, not the tapered side. The wheel came loose. The wheel came flying off the car. There were four bay doors in the garage. Only one was open and the car was working on. I turned around to get a tool out of my toolbox. The tire cracked me square in the head. Wow. Almost killed me. I mean it was in the Bergen Record. If you want to go back in the archives of the Bergen Record there was a write up on it and everything. I mean it was unbelievable. The one door that had hit one of the closed doors, it would have made some noise and I would have turned around and got my attention. Let me tell you something man. It busted all the teeth in my mouth, my neck, my mouth, all of my ears. Imagine just all of a sudden getting hit with a tire in the face. Oh no, no. It hit me in the face. It hit me right on the top, on the top portion of my head, the front of my head, just above my forehead. I was bald where the tire hit me like it ripped the hair right out of my head where it skimmed off my head. You got a skid mark on your head. Oh dude, it was unbelievable. A buddy of mine who, we just graduated Paramus High School and my buddy Steve was coming down to meet me for lunch. He comes to the shop and this happened I guess about 10 o'clock in the morning. He's looking for me. The manager is looking around real nervously like avoiding the guy. They go out in the shop. There's a pool of blood out in the shop, all my broken teeth. Like when the tire hit me it pushed my head down and my teeth like broke. They were like a jigsaw. Oh my God. I mean I had raw nerves hanging out of my teeth. And my broken teeth were stuck in the dried blood on the floor. It was real nasty. Do you want to know the kicker of it all? My old man got this real a-hole lawyer, blew the whole case. I wound up with like 15 grand. That should have been set for life after that. Do you have any pictures? No, I don't have any. I mean it happened a long time ago. Were you knocked out cold? I was out for eight hours. I woke up eight hours later in Hackett-Sacosto. That's like a coma. I mean my friends were playing my chapter called me Treadhead and all this nonsense. That's what friends are good for. Yeah, but I'm telling you man that was some experience. Like I said I got screwed big time with the lawsuit on it. I only made like 15 grand. And at 18 years old that went right through my wallet. Wow Jack, that's a sick story. That's an unlucky day. Yes it was. I can't imagine having more of an unlucky day than that. Getting hit by a tire when you're minding your own business. Oh man, it was unbelievable. And some guy stopped. I had a witness for the whole thing and everything. But still I lost out on the lawsuit part of it. Alright Jack. Alright guys, I thought you enjoyed our story. Yeah, that's a sick one. Okay guys, take care. Thank you. Alright, bye. Opie, I believe we have some audio from the parking garage. From the video cameras. Listen closely, see if maybe we can come up with something. Oh no. Oh my God. Who would have thought? Scott's a dastardly Scott. Okay, coming, coming. That's just F'd up. If someone did that, if someone did sabotage our van. Someone did it. I mean someone had to do it. Either someone sabotaged our van or the last time we got a service someone forgot to tighten the lug nuts. It's hard to believe that eight lug nuts would come off a car, Anthony. Q, what's going on? Opie and Anthony, how are you? Q, you gotta make it fast. Yeah, listen, I wanted to offer my services to some of these people that have been hassling you. If you know what I'm talking about. Especially the situation in the US. Alright. I don't know, it's just like I was babbling. Veronica, what's going on? Hey guys, how are you doing? Doing well. Actually, I know someone who was riding off a 280 and an 18 wheeler's wheel came off, went over the divider and hit the driver and they died. God damn. Geez, just driving along and all of a sudden a big tractor trailer tire hits you. Pretty bad, yeah. Great. Just thought I'd let you guys know. That's insane. Yeah, it's crazy. Alright, Veronica. I love you guys. Thank you. Alright, bye. Alright, we got a repair shop worker on the line. If you're just tuning in, our van, we're convinced we're sabotaged. Yes. Pete and Stinky were coming back from South Beach Dance Club in Island Park. They were on the Long Island Expressway going about 60-65, no problems there. Then they got back into the city limits. They're going about 10 or 15 miles an hour, you know, coming across town. They said they had to make a couple of sharp turns. Right. And that's when it came off. And the wheel comes flying off and they were going 10 or 15 miles an hour. Hit the car in front of them. And Pete, who's been working here for 35 years, is like just in shock somewhere. I want somebody to bring the rotor back here when they replace it. Because we have to look at the evidence, Opie. See how worn the lug nuts, the lug bolts are. And see how the rim was scraping on it. We need the evidence. Jeff, what's going on? Guys, lug nuts do not work themselves off. Yeah. Even if they're left loose, you'll know about it the first mile down the road. Yeah. They don't come off by themselves. Especially eight of them. Eight. Somebody sabotaged the van. All right, Jeff, thank you. All right. Bye. Let's confirm that with Derek here. Derek, what's up? He works for a tire company. Derek! Hey. What's up? How's it going, Opie? Good. Dude, totally sabotaged, man. That just doesn't happen. I mean, I deliver tires. I've been doing it for years. It doesn't happen. No. Never happened. I hear you. Well, someone's pretty sick out there. Has someone checked downstairs where we park it for any sign of tampering? Maybe a lug nut that's laying on the floor or something? Mark, you went downstairs? You looked in the area? I checked under every vehicle down there. There was no sign of any lug nuts lying around or any fresh marks from a lug wrench or something. Nothing. No fresh dents. Couldn't tell. All right, Derek, thank you for that. All right, man. Bye. See you. Yeah, I was being kind when I said that maybe they were just loose, but... Hello, I'm claiming responsibility. Oh, boy. Never a dull moment around here, huh? Thank God they had luck on their side. Daniel! Hello? Oh, Danielle, what's up? Hi. So, a couple months ago, my husband was in school at NORC. He was driving down the road. The back tire of his car flew off. It rolled down the road, hit another car. Five drunk guys had to come and help him put it back on. Screwed up the whole car. It turned out a bunch of kids from NORC were going around and doing it to all the cars. Took the lug nuts off and just left and just took all the lug nuts. So they just can't work themselves off. Even the guy at the mechanic shop said they can't do it. Yeah, that's ridiculous. All right. Well, thank you. Thanks. Have a great day out. All right. Now we've got Bill, an auto mechanic, who says that lug nuts do come off. Bill? Yeah. Hey. About six months ago, on a pickup, I rotated the tires. Not even a mile from the shop. The tire vibrated loose. Although the guy was probably stoned, which he smokes a lot of pot. Yeah, it vibrated loose and it cost me $100 in tolling. And yeah, they do come off. The tire just came off. Yep. All the lug nuts just came off? Well, the sex that I'm vibrated off, the tire was off and it was towed to a dealership in Little Falls. And you couldn't tell? No, I just got distracted by something else. And... Something tells me if your tire is ready to come off, like all the lugs are at the end of the nut and your tire's wobbling. I was a kid, Jimmy. He was in the sharpest knife in the jar. Something tells me you wouldn't know. Yeah. And I was a mechanic for 15 years and it got by me, which I still get my chops broken about it. All right, Bill, thank you. All right, thanks, guys. We're very suspicious today. Very suspicious. Paul, you're next on WNEW. Hello? Let's go, Paul. What's up? Yeah, listen. I was driving our Route 112 back in 1980 in a yellow rental van, a box truck. Yeah. Okay. And it was one of the ones that was not the big H company. It was a smaller company. Okay. The company being, I guess, attacked by the big H company. So I'm driving along in this box rental truck and it's got the double tires in the back. Yeah. And we got a full load on. We're going from Broadway to Port Jeff. And as I'm driving, I see my two left rear tires past me in the median of 112. Oh, my God. Okay? It jumps. It goes down in the gullio. Two? Cross. Excuse me. Yeah, watch that. I said, Holy cow. I said, what's that over there? And then the guy goes, you know, I know we only had one beer this morning before we loaded up the truck. But don't you feel a little lopsided? Oh. So I'm going, I go, well, you feel like we're off-chopper or something? And he goes, well, let's pull over. Let's take a look. We pull over. We have no tires in the left rear. Okay? The tires that almost killed the people on the other side, now we can't even find them. We wound up sitting there for about eight hours waiting for them to come and give us another truck, which we had unloaded the truck we had and put it into the new truck. We finished about four o'clock in the morning. Man. Very lucky. Yeah, very lucky. You guys rule. All right. Thank you, buddy. Syndication under where? Yeah, exactly. When we get a vehicle that works. Vinny, what's going on? Hey, guys. What's up? Hey. I have a story about my boss on Route 80 with his son and his brand new Lexus. And they pulled up alongside a tractor trailer doing about 75 miles an hour and a bolt fell out of the truck, went through the windshield and almost killed my boss. Shattered his nose, had to get reconstructive surgery. The doctor said he was lucky to be alive. His nose got shattered by a lug nut. Yeah, okay. Well, not a lug nut, a bolt from the truck. Hit the tire and got fired at him through the windshield with his brand new Lexus and shattered his nose. Reconstructive surgery has a three inch scar across his face from it. Man. All right. You guys better be careful out there. All right. Thank you, buddy. A lot of people saying the lug nuts do come off, Anthony. Yeah, well. Most people say in no way it's got to be sabotaged. Yeah. All right. So. Well, we'll try to get to the bottom of this. I don't know how easy it'll be, but. Well, I'm just glad that Stinky didn't die today on my birthday. Yeah, that would suck. That would suck. And every birthday would be ruined because it would be the anniversary of Stinky's death. Right. So I'm glad Stinky and Peter are OK. Yeah. All right. All right, Anthony, we got to take a break here. Stank, you all right? Only fine. How's Pete doing? He looks all right. He looks all right? Yeah. Is he going to be able to clean the coffee cups today? Someone wants us to check Earl's apartment for lug nuts. All right. It was the Ivan in the afternoon show, whatever that means. OK. Yeah. And let's take a break. What you want off that truck? Our phone number 212-757-1027 will regroup. I mean, you know, half you guys saying lug nuts do come off, the other half saying no way they do not. I think in this case, somebody was tampering with the wheel. Yeah, because we just had the car. Yeah, it's a newer vehicle and stuff. I mean, really. I mean, the odds are pretty slim that they would just fall off. But what an unlucky day that guy had. The mechanic that got hit in the head with a tire. There's nothing worse than being blindsided by something that is completely unexpected. And for that split second, you're like, what the f-? Right. You know? Why can't I be like bam, whoa, my butt? And then you think of probability and odds and stuff, and you're like, why can't I be like the lottery guy? Yeah, where's that luck? Why can't I be lucky in that way? No, I got to be the friggin' coyote from the Road Runner cartoon. Yeah, I got to be the unlucky guy, you know? Acme tire on my head. That happens like once every... I think that's the only time that's ever happened. Wiley coyote. Since cars were invented. Genius. A guy sitting in his garage in a tire nails him in the head. Skidmark on his head, smashes his teeth. Ow. You were lucky, Stinky. One of the lucky troops of the ONA show. Somebody trying a little sabotage. God, this is serious, though. We've got to really try to find out what the hell the deal is there. We'll figure it out. Because I know there are some lunatics that work at certain places around this city. You know, that really wouldn't give two flying Fs. Timmy, what's going on? Hey, Opie, what's up? How are you? Happy birthday. Hey, thanks. Did you realize that today is the one year anniversary that Owen Hart was killed? Yeah, I know. To get over the edge of it. Oh, really? Yeah, I was driving back from Washington last year when that whole thing went down. Oh, man, Owen Hart died on my birthday. Owen's been gone a year, huh? I'm surprised that they didn't do anything last night on Raw. They kind of commemorate it. Yeah. Nah, that's it. They just kind of want to forget about that. Move on. Move on. Yeah, well, happy birthday. Hey, thank you. Hope you get some good strippers. Syndication when your wife is born. All right, thank you, Timmy. Timmy! That was pretty good. He said syndication when your wife is born. He remembers my line. I said, my wife's not even born yet. God damn, is that funny. I love that line. Dude, I got to admit, I wasn't going to come in today. We're that bad? We have a short week and we got to, like, you know, promote our road show Thursday. Yeah. I went to the doctor and I got some heavy antibiotics to get rid of this throat crap. I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor and I'm going to go to the doctor Echinacea the zinc and the vitamin C Anthony Echinacea Sobe lizard under the cap saying stuff right? Yes Mine says imagine all the lizards today Ah! Geez I need energy to get the cap open Peace love lizards There you go Let me try this though Alright we're talking about Sobe beverages the leader in healthy refreshment Anthony Hey that's pretty good Go to the Sobe website www.sobebev.com for more info about Sobe and all of our all of their different flavors I should say Be on the lookout for the Sobe lizard love bus spreading the Sobe experience all over the market all over the Tri-State area And so grab a Sobe and drain the lizard okay? Yeah It's Sobe beverages Hey it's Joe Piscopo on 1027 as the chairman of the board might say Opie and Anthony you are two groovy cats I love you baby you knock me up wonderful marvelous beautiful cuckoo Cuckoo wonderful marvelous 1027 WNEW it's ONA 212757 1027 Anthony the Plot Dickens Yeah You're just tuning in we just found out someone sabotaged our van today Someone could have got really hurt today Thank God the van was only going about 10 or 15 miles an hour when the wheel came flying off Very lucky He's hitting the car in front of him Pete who's been working here for 35 years was uh shooken up but he's okay We need to get him a stripper or something immediately to calm him down That always works for Pete And he loves the girl And our own stinky was in the van when it happened And now I'm finding out that they just checked the van It's getting fixed at an undisclosed location Anthony There are lugs missing on the other tires Really? Yes Yes Matt or Mark one of the guys just came down and told me that More lugs missing Who said that? We need to get a report on exactly where's the garage at that maybe we could talk to them That's not a bad idea if they're listening give us a call we'd appreciate it Yeah you know Well that is good Is Matt around? One of the guys came in and told me that I don't know we're looking for him Yeah we'd love to talk to the garage people get the professional opinion Other lugs are missing on the other wheels Yes That's great someone looking to murder Someone trying to kill one of us Somebody actually trying to commit murder on the people that work for this program Hey Mike what's up? What's up? How are you? Pretty good trying to find out so does that mean you're not going to make that sticker stop today? Well you know We don't want to No we still want to do the sticker stop Yeah Because then you know if we don't show up there then whoever did this to us wins Yeah but now everybody is expecting you to be on 22 today and looks like nobody's going to show up now if the van's still not fixed Right well we got to find out if we can still go there We'll bring the wow stickers and a damn pinto if we have to and hand them out Don't matter to me it's finally here in the neighborhood that I can actually make it to you and I'm not three hours away Right And now they're not going to be there I say we still do the sticker stop I don't care that we don't have the wow van We'll bring another vehicle Well there's going to be a lot of people showing up so let's see if we can get a pinto then Get a long green pinto Does someone have a vehicle around here they could load up the trunk with some wow stickers and get to the sticker stop? We can't let these people get to us Nope Mike we're going to figure it out in a few minutes okay? Alright Alright man Take it easy We should definitely still do the sticker stop Yeah because now people will come out of the woodwork to support us over there Can we find out? Because I think Lisa upstairs said she would drive her damn vehicle there with the stickers Right? Let's do it I say we do it Ben try to find out I'm totally serious we can't let these people you know get the best of us whoever sabotaged our van Paul the pilot what's going on? Hey guys what's up? How are you? Alright how you all doing? Pretty good man Now let me explain who Paul the pilot is Paul of course is the guy that wrote wow above Central Park a few weeks back How are you? Good Yeah? Listen I wanted to put on an air show for you guys on Thursday Over our road show? Yeah That would be huge Oh my god It all depends on the weather and I need somebody to fax me a map and circle where you guys are to find out if it's legal or not We can do that Good because I want to do it I figured I could get out there and put on a little show and boogie on home before it gets too dark Oh my god that would be great You know the weather is supposed to be perfect Thursday for our road show Yeah Well if it's not the weather I just need to know where it is and make sure it's not in any of the TCA's for the major airports Restricted zones there Yeah restricted airspace but if not you know that's what I was planning on doing Wow what's a couple L-1011's trying to get into Kennedy come on No I don't think I'm going to mess with those big boys Well it's in Island Park Yeah I know but I need somebody to I don't know where that is Okay And if somebody could circle it on a map or something and fax it to me then I can figure out and work on it tomorrow so I can set it up for Thursday Get that done immediately Yeah well I needed to talk to Rick Yeah no problem we're going to put you on hold Paul We wanted you to stop by the station man Yeah what happened last time you were going to stop by and then I want to stop by because I work for a family business selling swimming pools at Patterson Oh yeah And it's hard for me to get out but I definitely will make an appearance Okay You know Because you're a hero in our eyes Well you need an air force You're going to have like 2000 people at our road show Thursday if they see wow in the sky the place will go ballistic Well I don't know if I'm going to write wow I'll probably just put on an air show performance Oh yeah you can do whatever you want You know that's my specialty writing signs is not really my you know Then screw the sign we would love to see what you can do I want to see this guy tear it up I'll tear it up Alright I'll tear it up for sure you ain't ever seen anybody fly like I do Alright Paul hold on the line we're going to definitely get you to Rick okay Cool Alright there goes Paul the pilot he's going to try to do an air show for our road show this coming Thursday The road show is shaping up to be quite an event Anthony this Thursday Yeah I just hope I'm feeling up to par for this I'm looking at Island Park on a map right now yes it looks clear to me Like I could tell Good yeah definitely faxing that info that would be great man Yeah All of a sudden we just look up and this guy is tearing the skies up That would be great Very cool Alright we should give out the details for Thursday once again Anthony Very exciting every day it sounds like it's getting bigger and bigger We're going to be broadcasting live starting at 3 at the South Beach Dance Hall The South Beach Dance Club 50 Broadway Island Park The directions are on the WNAW website the unofficial Opium Anthony website You got to be 21 or older and there's no cover charge until 7 o'clock at night Get there early we got so much stuff planned it's not even funny including the spaz dunk tank The wow wet t-shirt contest so ladies when you get there if you want in on that contest You just have to find us and sign up for that We got cash prizes for that Anthony Yeah We got Otto and George we have Stephen Lynch coming down All the wackos that you know and love from this radio show will be there Well most of them anyway And the highlight for me Fuel and Q and your brother coming down to perform the most offensive songs Yeah The most offensive song contest live You're going to hear like 4 or 6 of the most offensive songs I think 2 each Yeah at least 6 And if Stephen Lynch is brave enough to do FBA then forget about it It's going to be off the hook I don't know if we'll be hearing that one You never know Stranger things have happened Anthony So it's happening Thursday we want you guys to show up Get there early if you want to get in We can't wait The weather believe it or not is going to clear just in time on Thursday for this Yeah It's going to be nice Thursday and Friday so It's South Beach Dance Club 50 Broadway Island Park Starting at 3 doors open at 2 21 or older with no cover charge whatsoever Okay All right we got to figure out if we're going to do this sticker stop Rick any info on that? Not yet Not yet? All right All right You want to take a break then Anthony? We really should You know Well we just need someone to drive their car there with the wow stickers Yeah Big Kev is willing to donate his ride He's on line 12 Kevin doesn't have a job man I'm convinced of it Kevin I do have a job No you don't Yeah I do You're lying Why would I lie? Every time we need something you're right there for us we appreciate that But then you start wondering what does this guy do for a living? Well all I can tell you is if you ever need any legs broken Yeah Oh is that it? Well you know I can't really discuss it I will volunteer my ride I'll leave right now Well we're just checking with the promotion department we don't want to put them in a bad situation Oh Tony Bloomfield Tony Bloomfield? Yeah Oh yes very good He was with Earl for the last few sticker stops Yeah if they say it's a go then we're going to do it We're just going to load a car up with the wow stickers and show up at the sticker stop today All righty all I need is the word All right man Hold on the line and someone will talk to you all right? Okay All right man Why is Rob Halford calling me? What? Rob Hello this is Rob Halford of Judas Priest This isn't Rob Halford This is Rob Halford of Judas Priest and I'm calling to wish you a It's Jim Brower You ass Hold on I got some drunken whore You see me man? Am I seeing you? Shut up whore I'm not seeing you You stupid whore It's my turn to be on radio What? Stop Rob What? Stop Rob What? Stop Rob What? Stop Rob What? Stop Rob What? Stop Rob What? Stop Rob What? Hey I'm speaking in English at that one desk Hey man What's up Brower? Hey you Hey I did something horrible What did you do? I went out drinking last night Yeah I'm still up for last night though And I was screwing around with this van Which is going to be really funny Yeah You took some nuts off man It was Brower god damn it I knew it all along There's Rob Halford of Judas Priest Yeah I need to hear another Rob Halford scream for me For my birthday Come on Hello this is Rob Halford of Judas Priest O.B. Happy Birthday Oh sir I must go suck on a broom Happy Birthday Hammer Hey thanks your wife must be freaking out over there Yeah I'm babysitting man Oh really? Babysitting bro right now I'm supposed to be quiet Yeah good job I'm like in a dark corner of a closet Hey we got the word you're not going to be joining us Thursday There's a slight possibility I didn't know it was during the day Yeah Oh man As a matter of fact I just heard now that you were having 3 to 7 Yes So I may be able to start it off Yeah you've got to come down It is my daughter's first birthday Yeah well you've got to put your priorities in place and get your ass down to our parents How far out on the island is it? It's Island Park man We'll get you a car we'll do whatever it takes we want you there man Alright then there's a good possibility then Yeah we'll get you transportation I was going to talk to Rick and see but I'm going to wait until the wife key comes so all my parents come in that day too but You can do the first hour with us we'll totally hook you up with transportation One second What did I say whore? I'm sorry You're brutal Are you just beating yourself up over there? No I'm beating a whore I see no problem in what he's doing Exactly you don't need to speak There's nothing wrong with slapping a woman around every so often So cool I'm going to try to make an event Oh you've got to I'll let you know by the end of today Hey I've got to tell you we were watching an old rerun of SNL Yeah Damn man I forgot how funny you were with Sylvester Stallone He was a cool guy The Mickey thing What the Mickey thing? I forgot all about that He's burning you man He's burning you bruh Like a boom Like a dirty boom You get on there you dirty bastard And you kill them you rot on your boom Like a boom And you can't sleep with them with a parrot You shake them like super You got to hit that nigger Boom at the nigger up each year You beat them like a boom You want the white folks to feel bad You got kids on Long Island looking up to your neck Jesus Christ knock them spots out That was fun man He was a cool dude And the other thing you're massaging his shoulders and stuff and he's breaking up God damn was that funny My dad I introduced my dad to him My dad thought he had something in common with him Because they both have a home in Florida My dad is like 75 you know He would hang with you guys But like saying nothing doesn't mean anything to him Really? Yeah like he's into the Elks and that's that So Stallone was on the show and I go Dad dude he's all excited Can I meet Sylvester Stallone there? I go yeah you want to go meet him? We go up to him I go Sylvester I'm really stars My dad's like oh my God I'd love to meet him I love to meet him So my dad goes up to him He's a world war two vet you know He's like so how are you? You got a place down in Florida Stallone's like yeah you know What's the why I got a place down there I don't really go that much Mr. Brewer But you know what I got I'm there you know what I'm saying So my dad goes yeah I live in Tarpon Springs Where they got them sponge dogs Stallone just kind of looked at him And he goes I go to the Elks Club there They got an Elks Club where you live there? Stallone goes they want it Elks Club I don't know I'm sure they got an Elks Club I don't know I'm not really sure Mr. Brewer And then my dad goes I swear to God he goes You know that's a dollar fifty beer there Why they rob you and your bull crap joint? 12.50? You're going to be bankrupt for Jesus Christ You want to catch me in that joint? And he goes boy I should get that Chex pretzel mix They don't keep you out of plan Hollywood Jesus Christ I got to bring my dad up there until you guys have a field day Oh please do I'll give you guys a call later Oh man have a good birthday and you owe us the whistleball game I started my brother yesterday he's ready to take you on It's going to be embarrassing I'm going to video tape it and put it on the internet Hey we're going to anally rape you Hey we're going to We're going to put in an opium on all his brothers He has a failure Dirty little opium Dirty muddied We're going to put two fingers in his pooper and take it out and anally rape him again Yeah I'll have his grandmother watch Dirty little whore Hey precious Alright alright Alright Rob Halford thank you Be good bro happy birthday Hey thanks Jim Take it easy bro Our buddy our friend Jim Brewer Now it looks like you might show up Thursday for the road show That'll be cold new things being added every day Every single moment I cannot take when he does norm Norma Donald It's the funniest damn thing Yeah yeah yeah Anally rape Alright so the road show Thursday everyone's talking about it Yeah We just want to make sure a lot of you guys are there South Beach Dance Club 50 Broadway Island Park Starts at 3 doors open at 2 3? 2? 2 Doors open at 2 That's all you need to know doors open at 2 2 21 or older No cover charge ok And the weather is going to be Beautiful Is that Don on the phone? Alright we'll be back Anthony When do you learn on the phone? I'm like a functioning idiot without a high school diploma Getting a job in a radio Opie and Anthony Theater of the mindless 1227 WNEW Anthony Stacker 2 Yes the world's strongest fat burner It works we've heard from plenty of people Lost weight with Stacker 2 It burns the fat builds lean muscle Gives you boost energy your field's effects within 45 minutes taking it Or they give you your money back And you won't be snacking during the day Cuts down on those cravings So you won't get the hankering for the twinkie That'll pack on the big ass If you want to be in our ugly ass competition Stay away from Stacker 2 We're definitely doing that this Thursday? I would think yeah Ok we'll do the ugly ass competition Ugly ass contestants please do not get Stacker 2 You want to keep that ugly big fat dimply ass Stay away from Stacker 2 You want to work that ass off? Get Stacker 2 Let me tell you something new about Stacker 2 too Best to the best TV commercials on TV God that was funny during Raw last night Did you see that girl with the little tank top With everything just popping through let's just say Yeah very hot I was like what the hell is going on how did they get this on TV? Stacker 2 knows they know what sells Just remember where Stacker 2 started though Aha Aha ho ho Ha ha ha Oh oh oh oh oh Oh yes Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Stacker 2 Stacker 2 Aha ho ho Everybody jumping on the Stacker 2 bandwagon But it started right here Yes Stacker 2 and Anthony Show a long long time ago And we're glad they're still advertising with us Stacker 2 the World's Strongest Fatburner Give them a call if you want to give it a try 1-800-LIGHTLINE That's 1-800-L-I-T-E L-I-N-E Stacker 2 the World's Strongest Fatburner Our listeners have proven it works Oh oh oh oh oh And ask them What's that wine dancing? 127-W-N-E-W Ah what happened to the girl? I was going to go right to her right now Some girl wants to Jump out of the airplane naked at a road show I can't do that Why not? Please, is that illegal? Something illegal is that I don't know if it's illegal but I'm going to talk to a girl that wants to skydive nude instead Because she hung up, we've got to say hi to Jeff Norris Hey Jeff, how are you? How we doing? Thanks for the pizza and the beer, Gorilla Boy My trademark Hey Gorilla Boy And it ain't Meister Braw Otto if you're listening You little wooden Yeah, you going to the road show Thursday? Jeff, we're pumped man We're pumped up, Big Billy Hayes, Stephen Lynch We're all carpooling Carpooling down to the road show Well, oh I hate to put you on hold there But we have a call on line 12 A long distance I guess for Opie On his little birthday Hey Opie Yeah Happy birthday you pig You miserable F Well, I'm already pretty 11 Yeah, just about Where are you? I'm in Puerto Rico, I'm taking a vacation for you He's in Puerto Rico It's the least I could do You've decided to take a vacation? That's right It's Louis Black of course, our pal You staying in a compound there in Puerto Rico? I'm staying in actually Actually they're shipping me out to that island They're going to blow up I made a mistake, oh gee we missed I thought it You know the kind of resort I stay at It looks like that island Have you ventured out and said hello to the locals? No, I literally just got here Oh yeah? And the first thing I wanted to do was really Make sure that Opie was still alive Yeah, sure he did I can't picture you ever relaxing Like on vacation, I can't picture you just Relaxing on the beaches of Puerto Rico Taking a breath and going, this is nice We can't get past the fact that you're on vacation Louis, are you there? I'm working down here tomorrow night But I am taking six days off But as soon as they put me on that bus To come back to come from the airport to this place They start showing you the video Immediately I'm like, what is this? I've already bought the ticket schmuck Yeah, you're there It's not like they got to sell you on the place Really, and then you go to the airport And you're like, what is this? I'm like, I'm going to go to the airport They've got to sell you on the place Really, and then you can do this And you can spend another $300 here Come down and have a wonderful meal here In the, you know, come on Where else am I going to go, jackass? We're 500 miles from anything here Louis, why did you get so miserable? Why? I'm not miserable It's just like, what is it? You're like, you're Mr. Happy? Well, you got me there At least I can start with the fact That you know it's going to suck Everything is a bonus Right, you're not disappointed There's never a disappointment The line actually moved quickly I mean, I'm standing on a line There's six people on the line And I'm already, I rate that these people are too slow How nuts am I? I mean, it's like What do you have planned for like Six days in Puerto Rico? I'm hoping a lot of hummers Yeah? Women down there? Well, you know, let's hope so Let's hope there's some sort of You know, that they're stuck It's a compound, there's only so many of us Yeah, man, Louis, we could get you that Right here in the good old United States of America What? We could get you that No He likes being outside of the continental United States Where they can't get it on that Little net thing you've got The internet Yeah, that would be the day my mother For the first time, right? For the first time ever Louis with a girl giving him a Whatever Whatever goes on in the studio Like what Greg Brady got the other day The upside down V Oh, we got something new for you, Louis, when you come by This girl does like an upside down split Right in your face Oh my God You sit in the chair, she puts her hands on the floor And does a handstand in front of you And spreads them We have like a chin rest that's nice and soft That's unbelievable Greg Brady thought it was unbelievable Yeah, we had Barry Williams in And boy, times have changed That's not an Olympic event No, it should be Definitely should be Synchronized stripping So Louis, I'm glad you're on the phone, I got to ask you about The whole Hillary-Rudy thing Total disappointment for me We went on the air and we were Saying we're just really bummed we were Looking forward to that race I was really looking forward to it because His ball-lazio is kind of a sissy What a little He's kind of a little, he's got that Little whiny thing going At least Rudy was punching her around This guy is like Bitch slapping her He kind of came out swinging in a little bit But not with that voice That little kind of whiny And he's a Newt Gingrich Republican for all he denies it The man wants to get rid of the Department of Education Good job That's smart You know the reason we have a Department of Education Is you're sure there will be enough people In the room that maybe one of them can read So are we Aft with this choice or what? Are we aft? Yeah I mean come on Why can't they find somebody? We want to support Lazio Well you know, go for it We can't go for Hillary I don't want to hear it Somebody has got to come along I don't care who it is I'll vote for a dog Why don't we do that? We'll just run a dog Against both of them Just a big barking dog A cute one, that will get the popular vote Exactly, and one that you just teach it Put a paw for yes and a paw for no Let them pick, what difference does it make? A beagle puppy Very nice People love beagle puppies Instead of that damn Hillary With that speaking style She has, I don't even know what that is Well it's called Somebody is basically Transmitting her voice From another planet And so that's the problem, is the transmission Is that it? It's over so many Light years that Well the three of us who have absolutely Are not in touch with their emotions At all, look like sensitive women Compared to her She's scary But they're both really It's like It's like you've thought of I can't remember the name of the other Republican Who of course they don't like because he actually Is moderate And I can't think of his name As soon as the Republican said They didn't want him to run, I thought that's probably the guy Oh man, the one who probably speaks English Well and is enjoyable to listen to And it's too bad Rudy Boy Did he do a turnaround We were looking forward to a good mud slinging campaign Well now he's even like Now he's like Mr. Sensitive Man Which is exhausting to watch Yeah they had him kissing a puppy in the paper today Probably What? Well what are we going to say? I should probably give it a tongue Look at the new sensitive Rudy It's in the post today Kissing a puppy Holding the puppy nice and close to his body There What happened? It's just sad And then you got The thing that really got me going recently Is the fact that Bush Was meeting with gay Republicans And wanted to know who they are I mean really what is that How much could you hate yourself? Gay Republican Not even Jews hate themselves that much It would be like being a Jewish Nazi Yeah You know? I mean what is that What kind of a reach out program is that I was going to say he's trying to get what? Ten votes? Yeah I'm gay but I don't believe in gay marriage I mean how psychotic would you have to be? Well I don't believe in gay marriage I think Compromise security should just continue I think gay Catholic Oh yeah I think I should be killed Or a gay Baptist Which is probably the worst Or just being a Baptist Which is probably the worst The calls are pouring in Alright Louis Well we hope you have fun in Puerto Rico Yeah man we wanted you to go to the road show But obviously you're not going to be around for this one No I know I would have done it I was doing this gig here Are you ever going to go to one of them? Of course I will We've only done about 15 of these Well you've only asked me to go to two Okay the other 13 I was absolutely free And I wept each time Alright you got us Hey have a good birthday What are you going to do? I'm staying in the city I'm under the weather actually today It's a drag to be sitting I can't imagine why it's like 42 degrees every day It sucks to be sick on your birthday It just blows Then you can have a birthday week the week after Yeah we have a great week ahead of us here So I'm pretty psyched I'll have fun today Well good have a good time My pleasure take care of yourselves guys Have fun Louis Black live from Puerto Rico Anthony Very nice Let's go back to the phones if you got something 2127571027 Keith what's going on? Hey what's up O&A Happy birthday Opie I wanted to talk about this before Hillary Clinton I just found out She was speaking on the commencement Where where at? At Farstow High School Is that true? Yeah I mean there's a lot of talk about it Everybody thinks that it's not true but I talked to a lot of People who are trustworthy and they said yeah it's true And that's how I call it Wow Yeah so I figured maybe you guys could come down or something I'm trying to figure out what we could do We don't want to you know Yeah the Secret Service helps So you know what we're all thinking of is that we have the You know the beach balls going up Have Secret Service come attack us Well you don't want Secret Service Tackling you, absolutely not Ever ever ever Please don't get yourself In trouble with the Secret Service Let us know how it goes alright Keith? Take care guys Alright so yeah Jeff Norris In the studio Anthony We'll be down there Thursday Psyched Roll forward to it man It's going to be debauchery at its best George is getting a paint job as we speak Oh really? Yeah Otto and George are going to be down there Otto and George the puppet of course You'll hear I'm unedited It's going to be scary we're all carpooling Me, Otto, Billy Hayes, Steven Lynch Billy Hayes is Jay Moors guy And Jay is driving Jay is going to attempt to call or something From Vancouver? I can't confirm I've got to check with How are we going to work that out though? Billy Hayes was at the show in Pips and Sheeps at Bay this past weekend And we were talking about it and he says Yeah he says Jay says he sends his regards He's going to try to do something He's actually pissed that he can't be there Because he wants to be there but He's filming a movie with Bill Murray or something We could probably work it out if we got like Headphones and stuff We're going to be doing a live broadcast We'll figure something out This is shaping up to be a great road show This Thursday man Otto and George, Jeff Norris, Steven Lynch Hopefully doing FBA He's got to do it one time There's a rumor he did it At one of his comedy shows The crowd won't let him Sorry Steve, I'm riding out We did that at Rascals in West Orange The crowd won't let him get away with it Then we got the other guys from The other songs that came in for the most part That's going to be wild I can't wait to hear Imagine Live What's up Rick? Done, we're kicking Jeff out of here Oh really? We've got the okay, we're going to do the sticker stop Jeff Norris is going to be your host Alright This is cool because if you're just Tuning in our wow van We're convinced we're sabotaged A victim of sabotage People could have got really hurt today Or even died, a wheel went flying off our wow van Eight lug nuts missing from the wow van At least eight No one can confirm it But someone did tell me in the hallways That there's more lug nuts missing on the vehicle That just happened So the wow van is getting fixed And that meant we couldn't do our wow sticker stop today And we're like, don't let the bastards get us down Screw that So Jeff, you're going to go down there? I'm going to be there Alright, Jeff is going to drive his car down I need the address and everything Give me the address To the sticker stop Whoa, here comes Pete Here he is Oh my god He was driving the van when the wheel Flowed off Pete, you get a purple heart Pete, how long have you been working here? A long time Over 30 years? Over 40 years Over 41 years Has anything like this ever happened to you? Besides the time you rolled the car? So what happened today, Pete? Pete just minding his own business He's been there 41 years Just trying to make sure that we're going to have a good Broadcast this Thursday when we do our road show I'm devoted to the show But I didn't think I was going to have to give up my life Close I would have been the first fatality of the Opie and Anthony show You're a ratings grabber You gotta admit So you're coming back from Island Park in the Wow Van, right? We're just lucky that we weren't on the Long Island Expressway Or the Queens Midtown Tunnel Oh the tunnel, I would have been pissed if I was behind you We would have lost a lot of listeners if you were the reason Why the tunnel was backed up today Big Opie and Anthony on the side of the van Plugging up one of the tubes People just pissed That would have sucked So the LIE and all that The tunnel was completely fine To get back into Manhattan We were just lucky As I was going across town We hit a small pothole And all of a sudden I saw the wheel fly off And I heard a grinding sound But I was only doing 10 miles an hour Which is lucky, officer Did the tire hit anyone? No I heard it hit the car in front of you, that's not true? No, it hit the parked car It just rolled on it Were you freaked out Pete? Oh yeah, I was Can we get you a stripper? No, it's not good for my heart I'll take one Did you see Floyd the barber or what? Yeah, you can see him Now Floyd What happened? The lugs came from the other tires to get the wheel back on So the guys can get the Jack underneath it Oh is that what they did? It was just that one tire out of Molster Okay, all right So Pete, you think it was sabotaged? I think somebody might have Loosen them, because there's 8 lugs on there There's no way that they all could be loose That's crazy Poor Pete, he's been working here for 41 years 41 years He remembers when Scott So was a young kid Yeah, well, probably not a young kid All right, Pete, well we're glad you're all right Yeah, there he goes, Pete The engineer of WNAW for 41 years It looks like he'll have a few more years left Happy birthday, Opie I killed myself for you Don't die on my birthday That would be terrible That would just suck All right, so Jeff Norris Will be doing the WOW sticker stop today, Anthony We're going to Game Stop Right? It's located on Route 22 East In Union, New Jersey Across from Coconuts Music No, the WOW van will not be there Jeff Norris and his lovely Big Blue Dodge Ram And his Big Blue Dodge Ram Oh, I've been in that damn thing Yeah, Chuck Norris, my uncle's truck We could load up a lot of WOW stickers Yeah, it's all fun, man, come down All right, so what is it called officially? Babbage's Game Stop Babbage's Game Stop Located on Route 22 East in Union, New Jersey Across from Coconuts Music Jeff Norris is leaving here now He'll be there within the hour, right? Absolutely He'll be there by 5.30, let's say Please support WOW and WNEW We had a real rough day today with the WOW van Battle And we want to have a nice turnout at this sticker stop And Big Kevin's going to be helping them out too Yeah, Big Kevin will be there too That's right, Big Kevin All right, very cool We'll take a break and we'll be back We'll have a nice conversation here That has no place on this show I know that Cokie and Anthony, more stupidity on the way 1027 WNEW Anthony Ranch One Restaurants The makers of the best grilled chicken sandwich on Earth I got into work late today Yeah I met the doctor getting some antibiotics So I couldn't join you guys For the fine Ranch One food today Oh, they bring a bunch of Ranch One in there, don't they? Every week, they load us up They get everything, they get the grilled chicken sandwiches Grilled chicken fajitas Burritos, chicken salads And pastas And their newest creation, the grilled chicken parmesan Something for everyone at Ranch One Yeah, they're great They put them in the tortilla With the fresh peppers And stuff, everything fresh Tastes really good So get your ass down to Ranch One Pick something up, it's not like going to a fast food place And getting some greasy burger Or something like that A little healthy, and tastes very good I enjoyed the stuff I've tried so far, Anthony Also, they're helping us out with the WOW campaign You can get your Whip-Em-Out Wednesday stickers At all Ranch... Well, not at all Ranch One locations We should say participating Ranch One locations Because some of them aren't participating No So you can go in there now if you like And get one of the WOW stickers, okay? Ranch One, the best grilled chicken sandwich on Earth Try it today, you'll love it Alright, this is Otto, this is George With Otto and George And you're listening to ONA on N.E.W. Suck my **** you losers Thank you, George We love George Otto and George Will be at the road show Thursday Yeah 212757 1027 Hey Tony, what's going on? I'm down at South Beach Hand Club right now The sign out front says Thursday Opie and Anthony Anthony? How do they spell Anthony? A-N-T-H-N-O-Y The N is backwards Everything else can't be backwards, can it? What? You think it would say Opie and Anthony? No, it says Opie Anthony Are you going to be the first person online for the road show? Oh, I live in Island Park Okay I'm just kidding If you can't get girls there, you've got Hooters a half a block away Very nice We're looking forward to Thursday But you're going to have your road show at this very powdery pink and green building Yeah, whatever works, we don't care We don't care It looks like we're going to have a party Very pretty But anyway We'll have it at a truck stop if we have to I don't give a crap As long as we get our listeners together, we have some beer and have some fun Yeah Are you kidding me? My guys want to take off from work? We're roofers We work during the day No, I have to take off on Thursday Roofing, roofing I'll find you I heard what you said about roofing I don't want to hear it It takes a lot But we'll be down here Thursday I'm on my way now Thank you, Tony I don't know the point of that phone call Old dirty Look, old dirty You're returning to the program for a phone call What happened, son? Returning to the program for a phone call, are you? Huh? Oh my God, what's he stoned? Old dirty You've been on hiatus for a while How's life? It's alright, man, shaping it up, kid Yeah? What are you doing? Give us an update Have you gotten a job yet? I got a job with a major telecommunications company When did you get that? What's up? Yo, I passed You ran like two tests? Yeah I took both of them and aced them, son Both of them? Yeah What up, man? Get out of here When did you get that job? I just went yesterday to fill out the application And you didn't get the job yet, though? Well, yeah, man, I'm in like flame, my brother How long have you been unemployed? Man, I got out after doing my little bit Let me see, that's October 15th So it's looking like I got seven months, my man Oh, man, you're on unemployment? Yo, I ran out, kid, like weeks ago Man, I thought you got a job That blows That always sucked with the unemployment right out there Yeah, right You swear you're going to get the next check, bro? You're looking in the mailbox And you're like, wait a minute Where's my government check? I work for a telecommunications company, B I sell cell phones That I acquire from a second party Down the road You realize you're going to have to show up at work? What's up? Man, we should hire you here Yo, what's up, man? Open Anthony Red never hooked you up Not even cleaning the toilet, my man Are you crazy? Earl's no longer alive Yo, what's up, man? We should hire you I got a clean license and everything And I know my way throughout the tri-state area, B Yeah, Earl didn't realize how good he had it But what happened with Earl, man? What happened with the brother, man? What kind of upset are you? We don't even care at this point We don't even care, don't even want to discuss it He said he was going to quit, I'm hoping he did We haven't seen him since the confrontation So he was going to quit the station in its entirety? Like just be out? That's it? He said he wanted to talk to Jerry You heard that AKA Pip and say that I'm out of here Who, Pip? Pip and Lorne Starkin? Nah, Pip from South Park The English kid Our boss is from England originally He speaks perfect English He speaks perfect English and stuff But he started his life in England And he came to America as the only kid in his class That had the wacky English accent Just like Pip from South Park So you know he was getting pummeled Every once in a while a word will slip out though The other day he was talking about tirades And that person had a tirade A tirade Yeah, you got to look out with your brothers from the motherland, right? Yeah So I don't know, Earl was all brave and stuff Friday saying, you know, screaming and yelling at us Saying I want to talk to Jeremy I want out, but he's still walking the hallway What's he doing now? Because the only thing he did do was involving Things with this show, you know what I mean? He was involved with things Yeah, well And now he's trashing us on other radio shows What? On the... That's what I hear He's flipping less than a week, my man? Bye-bye Come on, brother, he's dismissed, man You don't want to talk about it, I don't want to talk about it The listeners are sick of the whole Earl thing anyway You know what I'm saying? Why don't you give everybody an update on what you're doing? You might have a job Yeah, you know, I might be working at any W, kid Well, I wouldn't start writing any chat on that income What's up with Jeremy, man? That's my man, though Hey, what telecommunications company? Because I got some money Held up in some of those stocks I want to make sure you're not going to mess up My man, my man With my interest into their workforce It's just going up Yeah, sure Stockbroker, they might not be coming in today As a matter of fact Well, they took a little hit today, right? Yeah, they took a little hit today As a matter of fact, they took a little hit today, right? Stockbroker Dave's coming in to play Win Stockbroker Dave's Money As a matter of fact, I forgot about that Ladies, Dave will be here In a half hour The theme of winning his money today Is fruits and vegetables Fruits and vegetables Man Hey, old Dirty, did you hear the last time we did Win Stockbroker Dave's Money with the Whiffleball back? Yes Chance to win Stockbroker Dave's Money Dave gave out over $400 As one Well, I guess you heard about that I guess she was a lady I wanted to get ahold of her pimp's number though You know what I'm saying? Set up a little meeting with this young lady Check out her swallowing technique for myself Please, it wasn't swallowing It wasn't swallowing I know that, my man Oh Dave, what are you doing tomorrow? Thursday, you're coming down? Yo, I'm coming down, B Is that the LIE I can get there in time for Thursday? No, they don't pick up your kind on the LIE Oh Yo, Opie, why you gotta do that on your birthday, dude? What's he gotta do that for, Opie? It's the antibiotics Are you sick again, man? I got the throat haphazard That's a couple of times already with this kid in his throat, right? FBA Yeah, man, what you doing on the side, Opie? I want the tonsils removed, man Yo, like that? Oh God, it sucks Yeah, on the wheel No doubt Hey, old dirty, we missed you, man You're still listening to the show? I switched places, you know what I'm saying? I went from being like Not really an integral part of the machinery You know what I'm saying? I took the steps back because I had to check myself You know? I wasn't on my flow the way I was With my snappy little jokes Whatever this and that How few and unfrequent they were You know, this was memorable You know what I'm saying? I had to step back and take care of me But now I'm chill It's all good, kid It's connected, man Me and James Ojo's gonna be chillin', son Yeah, right It goes to indirect, right? I just blew up the spot Hey, old dirty Getting a girl pregnant lately? Yo, on the wheel, yo Last week this girl came out to me She was like, yo, I might be seeing you bugging It's Jim B I would have been able to take care of that one way or the other You know what I'm saying? Wait, what? I missed something somewhere He gets the job so he would have been able to take care of that one way or the other Either raise the kid or Not have the abortion Wow, so you almost knocked up another lady Yeah, B How many would that make? That'd be like four, man You are disgusting Come on, man, come on The seed around like that The old dirty seed Bro, these shiny apple seed season, bro Gotta have a seed for the year 2000 You know how good that is? It might be a little bit of good luck, too Old dirty, why do you guys want to just knock up women? I need to know You know it's happening in your neighborhood Man, it's happening in every neighborhood It doesn't happen in my neighborhood Yo, come on You're gonna tell me the little white boy and little white girl Before their parents come home at 6 o'clock They go up and down the stairs in the basement Smoke a little doobie and then go upstairs and frolic Oh, they're having the sex But for some reason they're not knocking up the bitches Yeah, I don't know, man Maybe we ain't getting those ad campaigns That y'all be getting on Channel 12 Yeah, that one's good Where the hell are you? Me? I'm outside my window, man It's been kind of hot out here, too, B It's a race thing What happened? It's a race thing They're not giving us the stop smoking campaigns Nah, we're just building all the liquor stores in your neighborhood Yeah, that's right, man Not handing out the condoms Where you going? Keep you people drunken and effing That's right, man, keep them high, keep them flying, right? You just blew up the conspiracy right there, Antonia Not the conspiracy Hey, old dirty, a nick on line 3, Nasdaq just dropped because of old dirty Nah, you can't Down 200 points You're scaring everybody We need to know which telecommunications company you're working for Nah, I can't I kind of blew it up before I could say it again What happened with the van, dude? Someone took the lug nuts Alright, you're the perfect person, man You're working, man, you asked me, B Is it sabotage when eight lug nuts are missing from a tire? Sabotage? I think somebody's trying to pull your heads out, kid Yeah Somebody's trying to put your brothers out the side of the road You know what I'm saying? Yeah, we almost lost P He's been here for like 41 years Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot Yeah, that's quite a lot You know, it's been a while, but yo, man I could steal your van I don't know how to fix it, but From my understanding, eight lug nuts ain't just going to fall off Right Sabotage Yeah, that's some Bugs Bunny sabotage Get the Acme wrench type business, yo Well, we almost lost Stinky, yo Yo, Stinky Yo, he's still smelling, right? He already stood online for some tickets or something like that, right? He already stood online for some tickets or something like that, right? Yeah, he smells like fish and Coincidentally, he's going to fish tonight, so He smells like fish? Yeah, he was up all night getting his tics No lie, man He came in humming yesterday He came in humming He came in humming Yo, what's up with Kevin, yo? He still being on his girl? I had a dream with his chick too, son I had a dream with his chick too, son What do you mean? Yeah, B You were dreaming about smoking? I was drinking a little coffee in that milk, you know what I'm saying? Oh, man Get old, get Spaz in there He's going to flip Tell us about the dream, man Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. A word? Yo, what's up man, what you hook me up with couple of best skin rugs. Maybe we can go up there and kill them ourselves, man. I think if go up to the slow spray with Kevin, I might come back in a body bag. Alright, this just in, old dirty. What's up. Yo guys, I just sold all of my Belt Atlantic stock. Sell, sell, sell. Don't do it. Old D said the job is in the telecommunications business. Is that stealing cell phones from people on the street and selling two full 50 bucks? Two for 30, two for 30. Nah, I'm the real, nah man. I ain't stealing or robbing phones or nothing like that. I'm the funky technician. That's it. Of course. I heard, I don't know if you're going to get it, I can't get into it. But yeah, I'm going to be a technician man. I'm messing with the wires and stuff like that. I'm good with that. You know. All right. Dirty. What's the week's name? Nah, he's just doing some stuff. Oh, where? My brother like Erica too, man. Yeah? Yeah, V. He thought Erica was cute. You and your twin brother? Yeah, yo. That is so funny. All Dirty's got a twin brother that is nothing like all Dirty. Yo. You guys are like complete opposites. Look exactly alike. Yeah, V. Steve wants to know if OD's dream was in gonzo vision. Yes, it was in the gonzo style. Your amateurism, yo. I love the gonzo style. Hey, OD, what's the word on the street as far as the Knicks go? My man, yo. They got the audacity, man. I mean, you know, Tim Hardaway, you know what I'm saying? Tim Hardaway been in league 10, 10, 12 years. Going to turn around and say that Littrell wasn't calling time out. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Well, I think Littrell even admitted he wasn't calling time out. All right. He didn't call time out. This guy did. Childs did. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And Houston. Hey, screw Miami. We beat them again. Exactly. I'm talking about like the Pacers and Reggie. What's the word on the street? Yo, the word on the street is, man, we're looking at the series to go the whole four. To go the full seven games. We feel that if Reggie Miller's going to have another one of his 40-point bombs like he did to the Sixes. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And you were the one that stepped up. Houston going to be on that bum leg. And Kambi, non-existent. I love Kambi. You know what I'm saying? Coming out of Boston, he was like the bomb. You know? Yeah. Come on, man. They got to step up, man. Because the Pacers, they're number one seed, man. And they proved it. Yes, they did. You know what I'm saying? And Reggie Miller is quoted in the paper saying he hates New York. Yeah, we hate him too, man. That big-eared bastard. That big-eared bastard. My word. That was good. I think Tyson will have a full-course meal with him, man. We just need Jeff Van Gundy to stay together. Your word, man. What's up with Jeff? Jeff got a 95 Civic, yo. Yeah, he does. Almost murdered him some on the highway, man. He's got a 95 Honda Civic that flipped at that airport. But what about Malik Healy, kid? Yeah, that was a bummer. That's a bummer. I heard he was driving a Range Rover, man. That's a $70,000 truck. You think he could survive a little head-on collision or something? At least be in a corner, man. Little Asian guy, drunk. What? Took him out, yeah. Yeah, well, you know the guy should have been wearing his goddamn sheep belt. Word up. But look at the irony there, yo. Look at the irony right there. You got the chinks, you know what I'm saying? The little delivery man and everything. And then my brother's like chicken wings and hot sauce. Yo, that's irony right there, bro. That's some type, you know? They both weren't wearing their seat belts, but the Asian guy that hit him had an airbag in his vehicle. The Range Rover don't got an airbag? No, didn't have an airbag. And no seat belt or nothing. Where was this truck? He got massive head and chest injuries. Man. Gotta wear them seat belts, man. Yo, weren't you loving Malik Healy going St. John's, yo? Yeah. I thought he was going to be major force, man. Without a doubt. Well, he was doing great for the Timberwolves. He was, man. Hey, old Dirty, someone is on the line saying that you called their house as a telemarketer. Put it on, man. Are you a telemarketer now? Nah, I don't like telemarketing or anything like that, man. That's corny. Adam. Yeah, what's up, guys? Hey, you're on with old Dirty. Happy birthday, precious. Oh, thanks. Oh, yeah, they call you precious? I forgot about that, my man, precious. At least they don't call me thief. Oh, hey, ooh. What's up, baby? Oh, D, you called my house telemarketing. Wait a minute, what was I trying to say, son? You're trying to sell me some kind of crack. Oh, you just, oh, come on now. I'm sorry, guys, I had to do it. You had to do it, right? Alright, syndication when someone rents under days. Please, get out, rent my movie. It's wonderful, terrific, fantastic, marvelous. At least Adam realized it wasn't him. My little precious white boy. How are you turning today, old D? Shut up, old D. Dirty and better. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. Oh, you're a good boy. I'm going to get into it today. I'm going to get into it today. I had prices. It's all good. It's not on my birthday. My birthday. Yo, your birthday kid. What up, man? Yo, what's this, man? Making fun of the pronunciation, bro. We're just making it easier for brothers to talk the language. You know what I'm saying? I hear you. We're trying to put in our own vowels and things like that in it, man. Come on. All right. I'm going to break you in your teeth, man, when I catch you. All right, so you're coming Thursday to the road show. Yo, no doubt, man. All right, the South Beach Dance Club, 50 Broadway Island Park this Thursday. Doors open at 2, no cover charge, 21. It's going to be off though. And rocker. All right, man. You think I could fight spas on stage with the boxing gloves? Wait, my lovely girlfriend wants to say hi to you. Oh, what? What's up, man? She came in for my little birthday. Say hi. Hi. That's all you want to say? Who this be? What? It's Sandy. Lady Sandy. Yo, how you doing? Mama's telling the what? Cool. You coming to the show? Cool. You coming out Thursday? Oh, yeah, man. It's going to be off the meat rack, kid. Off the meat rack. There you go. All right. Yo, man, I'm going to control my BAC level, though. Yeah? Yeah, man. I've been working on that. All right, old dirty, hang on for a sec. Yeah, hold on. Well, what you guys got going on? I have a surprise for you for your birthday. Close your eyes. Close your eyes. I saw a black man out there. Is that part of my surprise? Yeah. I'm going to go get you. I'm going to go get you. I'm going to go get you. I'm going to go get you. I'm going to go get you. No, no, no, no. Patty's not coming in. I just figured it out. She is not coming in for my birthday. Now, Patty, Patty can come in. No, let her come in. She won't touch you. Come on. She won't touch you. All right. She just wants to say hi. She has a present. Look, she's like... Hi, Patty. Hi. How's everyone doing for your birthday? Who's with Patty? Her friends. Oh, hi. How you doing, Patty? That's Reynolds. She's from the New York Times. She's from the newsroom. We're her support. Yeah, that's my friend Sandy. You're friends with Patty now? Yes. You made friends with the strippers. Now you're making friends with the stalkers? Hi, Patty. How are you? I'm fine. Watch out. She comes bearing gifts. All right. What do we got? Make sure you get this one. Okay. Thank you, Patty. Let me look at it first. Let me see what that is. That is a prop. Let me see what that is. That's a prop. A plaque. Very nice. Very nice. Air. Yeah. I don't get it. Air award. Oh, yeah. See? Very nice. She made me a little plaque award. That's very nice. There you go. Read the card. Read the card second. Read the card second. Okay. I gotta be me. I gotta be me. Happy birthday to one in a million. Can I read what she wrote? Yes, you may. Dear Opie, enjoy your day. You are one crazy person and I'm glad I got to know you. You are quite a talent. Talent. Talent on the radio. And I hope your ratings continue to climb. Do you see them? Climb. Maybe you and Anthony will be the kings of all media some day. Oh, my God. You had to write that? You're certainly on your way. Have a special day. That's very nice. Thank you, Patty. There's only one more thing. All right. Oh, my God. Wow. Oh, my God. Wow. Oh, my God. Patty just wowed Opie. Oh, my goodness. Opie, you're amazing. Oh, my goodness. Opie is just modified. In the corner. Oh, my goodness, Gracie. What the hell is wrong with you? All right, Patty. I see you shaved them, though, for the big surprise. Patty. Patty pulled her shirt up. She's not wearing a bra. Just flashed Opie. Wow. I actually did it. And mine actually did. And mine are bigger than yours, Patty. That's lovely. What size are you there, Patty? 32A. Add the 32As to the list of boobage that's in here. I say you're bigger. Huh? Tell them you're bigger. 32A. I saw a little nipple hair or something on the window. Oh, no. Did you all think? Yeah. We can check them in. Show Anthony, Patty, real fast. Real fast. Real fast. Come on. I don't know if she can do it again. We got her to do it once. Yeah, she certainly can do it again. All right, one more. Go ahead. One more. Now, pay attention. I'll pay attention. I'm just throwing a look in her eyes. Patty, get close. Get close. Go ahead, Patty. Wow. Oh, my goodness, Gracie. Wow. All right. I can't believe it. I can't believe it. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. Oh, my goodness. I can't believe you did that, Patty. You feel like passing out. Happy birthday from the newsroom. No, thank you, guys. Thanks. It's great. I appreciate it. I've got a little present for you. Reynolds, can we see your boobs, too? Very good. Thank you, Reynolds. Stuff like that is not going on at WINS upstairs. I'll tell you that much. No. Georgia! Thanks, Georgia! That's why we came down here for the excitement. Yeah. And what's your name again? Eileen. Eileen, what about you? No, I won't be participating in this one. No, no, no. No participation today in the old wow thing. I'll leave it up to Reynolds. Okay. It rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again. Wow, that's great. Wow, Patty, I never thought I'd see the day that I would have to see your boobs. I mean, that was wonderful. Woo! I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Wow, okay. Wow. Maybe it's time to end this wow promotion. Wow. It's like your birthday. I loved it, Patty. What did you think there, oh? Absolutely great. You look like cute little boobies. Ink gets dice and I get Patty flashing. This is great. You told me those, Rick. Bravo. Thank you, Patty. Good job, Patty. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Very good, Patty. Patty, can you say one thing into the microphone for Opie? Say I want to touch it. No. Please. You're going to make me rich. Oh, no. No. All dirty. All dirty. Did all dirty hang up? He did. He was mortified. He was mortified. Well, he was. He was here. All right, Tom, what's going on? Happy birthday, precious. How did it feel? How did that feel? How did it feel? I'm in shock. Bye-bye, Patty. Bye, Patty. In the case when O.D. gets in jail. Nice job. T.F. There's no T.F. in that. Unless you got a Pave, you're packing a number two pencil. Hello, hello, hello. Who's on the line? Hello? Yeah? Hello? Can you hear me? Yeah. Yeah. Opie, I'm working on a little birthday song for you. Want to hear it? Steven? Steven Lynch? Yeah. Who's going to be at the road show Thursday? Oh, yeah. Down to my target way. My coma's broken now. All of my face full of brownies. And I'm a little proud of Helperpuss. Damn that whore! Yeah! Hello, New York! Oh, and I wrote so! Yeah, Thursday, man. Yeah. Going to be huge. Oh, man, I have expanded this song to like 15 times its length. Wait, wait, so we can confirm that you will be singing FBA? 30 new verses. The album's version? The full album song? The Live at Budokan version. You think Stairway to Heaven's long? It's twice as long now. Isn't that how Inna Gada DeVita started? Yeah. It was just like a... Isn't this going to make Inna Gada DeVita sound like a Ramone song? Oh, awesome. Do you know... It's 40 minutes long. Steven, do you know what just happened in this studio? I think I heard that the... Patty? Is that her name? Stalker Patty. You've seen her before. I've not seen her before. Oh, really? Okay. Then you can't get the full impact of the horror. From what I'm hearing, was it kind of a horror show? She wowed a opening. 32 A's. 32 A's. I want to share with everyone at home, if you want to know what I just saw, take two eggs, slam them on your counter, make sure the yolk is very runny. And you get a nice visual of what I just saw. Wow, that was great. I think he just put me off eggs forever. Wow. So you're definitely coming, you're finishing up the new album, Steven? The album is done. I got the artwork going into the printers as we speak. You're not going to be naked on the cover, are you? No, I'm not going to be naked on the cover. That would be ripping us off. Yeah, of course. It should be good. There might even be the live SBA from wherever we're going to be on Thursday on the album. If I get a good enough recording, I don't know. Oh man, this is going to be a great Thursday. We can't wait. I've got Britney Spears dancers. It's going to be awesome. Great. Alright, man. Happy birthday, Elton. Hey, thanks, Lynchy. I look forward to Thursday. Yeah, I'm going to feel much better by Thursday. Alright, Elton. Alright. And that Patty thing sure didn't help. Yeah, Jim from Jersey is writing, my eyes, my eyes, and I'm listening to the radio. It was horrifying. I didn't expect that, man. Alright, Lynch. I'll talk to you guys later. Cool. Alright, bye. Can't wait to see you. Steve Lynch is going to be at the Road Show Thursday, South Beach Dance Club 50 Broadway Island Park. It's going to be huge. Directions on the WIW website and on the unofficial Opien Anthony website. All you need to know, doors open at 2 so get there early, 21 or older. No cover charge and lots of debauchery to be had by all. Please. People wondering if Stalker Patty is going to try to cut her hair like Sandy. You know, I love my hair like this. Single white female? Yeah. Yeah. What up, Rick? Stockbroker Dave has just walked in the building. Yeah. Oh, well, get him in here real quick. It's almost time to play. What would you do for Stockbroker Dave's money? Dave, wow, what happened? They freaking got the suit right off your back today. Hey, Dave. Tough day on Wall Street, huh? Another difficult day on the street. All right, let's see the cash that is up for grabs today. It's not in that bag you're carrying. Why not? Oh, I got to tell you, wait, this is pretty, god damn it, we got to take a break. All right, we're not teasing on my birthday though. All right, no. I was talking a day before the show. He told me he found the world's largest carrot today down there on Wall Street. The world's largest carrot. Wow. Those are big. Whoa. Wow. Well, you're right. Those are the world's largest carrots. Jesus. Holy. Yeah, they're close to two feet. That's like mutant carrot size. Organic dildos. Ah. All right. And what is that? Oh, my God. Please take that. Asparagus? Well, he said today's theme would be fruits and vegetables, Anthony. How about salad? Today's your birthday? Yeah. I'm under the weather though. I know, I heard you before. It sucks. We got some more stuff. Who gets sick on their birthday? Grapes. Grapes. Fruits. And vegetable. No, vegetables and fruits. From every foodie? Yeah. Do you have an idea what the girl's going to do with all this stuff? Well, they get more money for creativity. Ah. All right. Well, we want to see the water bills. Little baby carrots. Baby carrots, sure. Those things can fly across a room. Shiny apples. Shiny apples. Macintosh. That's a big apple though, man. Delicious. I don't know. You're going to find anybody that could do anything with that. It's hot in here. Wow, there's... Look at the water. Oh, my God. It's hot in here. What are those? Tangerines or clementines or something? I don't know. And of course, you have a popular banana. Na-na. Na-na. Na-na. Na-na. Na-na. Na-na. Na-na. Na-na. Na-na. Na-na. Na-na. Na-na. All right. All right. So now we just need some ladies. Remember that show on the Food Network, Ready, Set, Cook? They put out the food and you have to do something with it? This is like Ready, Set, F. So if there's any ladies near the station that want to win stockbroker Dave's money... We're talking serious cake here. Yeah, last time we did this he gave up $400. Wallet for beans. For one girl. It was insane. She was a pig though. Oh, a hulker. I thought I was just doing very well with you. Yeah, we don't want any of that. Hobson, you're dead. I don't think we want any hookers today. Seventh Avenue and 57th Street, 10th floor. Come now to win stockbroker Dave's money. We had a bunch of girls called yesterday. I don't know where they are. We'll see if they show up. It doesn't matter. Intelligence. You don't have to be as smart. You don't have to answer any of those hard questions like Ben Stein makes you do to win his money. For stockbroker Dave's money, it's purely physical, isn't it? Yes. What is somebody going to do with an apple? Haven't you seen it on the internet? I've gotten pictures of it. The apple? I've seen the apple trick. You've seen the apple one? Yeah. I don't buy it. Prove it to me. The two apple trick where the apple pops out the other thing when it goes on. Oh my God. There's an orange. Yeah. The orange goes in and the apple pops out, right? Yeah, I've seen that. I want to see that live. I don't know if you're going to get a girl to do that. We're going to need like a month to get someone to do that for you. It's going to be like a Honeymovers episode. How much you got for that? Can you quarry apple? How much you got for that? I'm going to say Woffrich. You might be able to talk a girl into the apple grape trick. This is what I want. What? This is what I want. You want the world's largest cat? What's up, Doc? Which end? What's up, Doc? Which end? Oh my God. The fat end or the skinny end? Where's my Whipple Ball at? It's down the hall. No one has touched it since the last time you were here. Welcome to Who Wants to Shove Some Veggies? All right, listen. Who's in the hot seat? Win Stock Broker Dave's Money. Ladies, it's time to come down to the station if you're in the area. If you need rent money, Dave's got your rent money. You just got to do something with his fruits and vegetables, okay? Can't go to break the shit. Little short on your rent money? Little surprise on line six. Line six? For Opie's birthday. Hello, hello, hello. Opie! Oh no. I'm going to get you just like a good meat. Oh no. No, it's my birthday. I don't need this money. I know. You know, it's unbelievable. I keep getting these calls. What should I do? Come here and pop out of a cake for you? What is this? Birthday's like a week apart. I know, huh? I'm in the studio until five in the morning doing what I do with what I got. Right. You understand? They said it was going to be a nice surprise for my birthday. Yeah, so what happened? I don't know what happened. So what are you saying? I'm not a nice surprise. No, you're a great surprise. No, how many times have we used the Yambag line since you last called? What do you mean used? Well, we say, you know, we used it. I'm back in court again. Yambag. That's 50 bucks a plant. Is it that expensive? Well, you know what? If you use it over a dozen times, I cut it down to 45. You got to take a bulk. You understand? Because you guys, you got champagne taste. When are you coming to New York? You're using my stuff. You got champagne taste. You're picking up on my stuff. You're picking up on my stuff. You're picking up on my stuff. You're picking up on my stuff. You're picking up on my stuff. You're picking up on my stuff. You're picking up on my stuff. You got champagne taste. You picked the cream and the crop. You guys got me all wound up. You don't understand what's going on here. Well, for the first like day or two, we would give you credit for your lines and then we just said, screw diet. This is how it works, my friend, birthday boy. You know how many times we've used the I'm over here now one? This is how it works. It's okay when you use my lines because I am the genius. I cannot expect that. I'm the genius. I'm the genius. I'm the genius. I'm the genius. I'm the genius. I'm the genius. I'm the genius. I'm the genius. I'm the genius. I'm the genius. I'm the genius. I'm the genius. I cannot expect idiots like you. I'm up with stuff like that. So if I help you out, everybody stays on the air and everybody's happy. I hear you. Well, you understand what I'm saying. I mean, last night I'm scratching this chick's butt. Yeah. My tooth. You think you could think it out. I did the clean version of that. Of course. You could say for the derailleur. I'm scratching the girls. What? C-word? No, no, no. Oh, the back door? Behind derailleur. Oh, we used the blue knot thing, but you didn't like that. What? We say it's the blue knot. See, this is why you need me to come up with things like that. Come on. Balloon knot's funny. You see what happened? Balloon knot's funny. You were over there and now I'm where I was. Where? That's what you just did to me, Anthony. Where are you? But where are you? I was where I was. I was over there. Now I'm where I was. That's what you just did to me mentally. No, no, no, no. Where are you now? Where was I now? Where are you now? I'm over here now. You were over there, which means I'm where I was. This is what goes on mentally. You don't even understand the way I talk. Ha, ha, ha, na, na. Pay attention now. Ha, ha, na, na. Guys, we've been thinking about your album title. You've got to call it I'm over here now. No, no. Listen, that's the obvious thing. You're over there. You're over there. You're over there. You're over there. You're over there. You're over there. You're over there. I'm over here now. No, no, no. Listen, that's the obvious thing. But that's... But that's... You just got another year over. But that phrase is all over the United States area now, man. Oh, like it won't be recorded. Let me explain what I just did. Does anybody tune into you guys yet? Occasionally. Let me explain what I just did. Last night I was in the studio until five in the morning. I told you you got me crazy. So I went and I made this album deal. So the album's going to be coming out in the next two weeks. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm going to be doing a lot of work. I'm over here now. How do you come up with this stuff? I don't know. I'm up very late every night. I'm over here soon. You guys are going to love this. This is going to blow everybody's mind. So the album is going to be done in August? No, the album will be out by August. Out by August and then you're coming to New York or what? What happened? Over here. You're coming to New York? I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead. I ain't coming to New York until I do the God of the Dead.