 What country you from? Uh, what? What ain't no country I ever heard of? They speak English and what? Uh, what? English, mother f***er! Do you speak it? Yeah. Then you know what I'm saying? Uh, what? Say what again? Yeah, do it again. Say what again? I dare you, I double dare you, mother f***er! Say what one more f***ing damn time! Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. What? Yeah, yeah, destroy, destroy! What much? O.P.N. Anthony. 1027 W.N.E.W. Uh, what? It's the O.P.N. Anthony Show! Yes, another fun-filled week of fun and hygiene. This is gonna be the craziest week of radio ever. Oh my God. Let's go on record and just say that. Yeah. Whole line is 2127571027. We got, uh, we got the live show Thursday, huh? Yeah, that's all that matters this week. That's all that matters this week, Anthony. Today, tomorrow, Wednesday, who cares? It's just gonna be one big commercial for the road show this coming Thursday. Adding more, uh, debauchery by the hour for you to check out Thursday. I'll tell ya, I, uh, we barely talked about the road show on Friday, right? Well, we barely knew about it until Friday. And late Friday? Yeah, yeah. I ran into hundreds of people during the weekend and they're all going. Yeah, everyone's going. I hope this place can fit like 10,000 people. The word is spreading like wildfire on this road show. It should be the biggest one yet, Anthony. Yeah. Our record is Mulcahes where we squeezed 1,400 people into, into Mulcahes. The place that holds 12's. It's nice. All right, so we exaggerate on the radio if the fire marshals listen. Yeah. That's it. We're going for 2,000 people this Thursday. Right on the wadda. We're going for 2,000 people. Yeah. If you don't know the details yet, uh, we're broadcasting live. Somebody, uh, sent an email and said, well, don't you guys broadcast live every day? Yeah, but we're broadcasting live from the road show. Yeah. That's very, very different than the average, uh, ONA show. From the place. From the place. Usually, uh, lately, matter of fact, we haven't broadcasted live from the road shows. No, we just kind of go there after the show and hang out and get loaded. So we're going to have to make sure we don't curse a lot this Thursday. Yes. Because that's a problem. Oh, the dumb guy is going to be back here though. Yeah. That could be a problem if we have a few Budweiser's in us and we're broadcasting live from the road show. It always is a problem. All right. So it's Thursday. Uh, it's going to start at three doors open at two. Better get there before two, man. Yeah. 21 and older, please. A lot of you youngins, uh, really pissed off at us, but, uh, we'll, we'll, we'll figure something out for all ages. Trust me. Something cool too. Don't worry. Yearning for the old days when it was 18. Remember drinking age 18, Alpie? You remember that? Hell yeah. I was part of that. Yeah. Remember turning 18? Oh, going to all the bars I've been going to for a couple of years anyway. Mm-hmm. The officials, yeah, they're real smart. They're, they're too smart for us. So instead of like 18 year olds going out and having a few pops, now they go to the clubs and get some X. Get some X. Sure. That's smart. Yeah. The X is not as dangerous as beer. No. We'll be handing out the X at our beer. No, of course not. That's silly. So, okay. It's happening Thursday. Doors open at two. 20, 21 and older, please. It's happening at the South Beach Water Club. A lot of people were asking me where, where's the road show Thursday? All these people that said they're definitely going to be there. And I'm like, ehh. I don't remember. I don't even know where it is. I know, Mike. South Beach Water Club. The South Beach Water Club. 50 Broadway. Island Park, okay. Otto and George definitely coming. Jeff Norris definitely coming. Steven Lynch just about definite. Yeah. We have... He always comes, he always is definite. He'll say yeah. We're trying to get Jim Brewer to come. We're going to have the ultimate wow wet t-shirt contest for cash prizes. Lots of cash, matter of fact. Yeah, we were able to actually roll the PD. Take his personal money out of his wallet. Yeah. Yeah, we got some serious cakeage for the girls. Now, what are we going to do? Just have the girls sign up when they get there, I guess? Yeah, that's a good idea. Oh, and know what we're doing this, this road show? We are definitely... And we're proud enough to say this. We're definitely going to be working the line and getting all the hot girls into our road show. Yeah. We've seen a problem at the last few road shows. Excess of penis. Right. Too much penis. Much too much penis. We need some... Vaginas. Yes. Here's the Anthony... Opie and Anthony Road Show. Wait a minute. Penises. Oh, what's coming in the door? Penises. Penises. Penises. Oh, no. This time? Vaginas. Yes. Vaginas. Yes. Vaginas. Ant and I are going to be like those two a-holes outside Studio 54. Studio 54. We're just going to be working the line, all cocky and stuff. You got boobs, you get in. Baruchka, we're like the tools in front of all the clubs. That's right. Personally, we'll stand there and handpick people. Handpick. So if you want to get into the road show, just go with a hot lady. A hot box is your ticket. Because I'm going to go, excuse me, hot lady, who are your friends? Oh, I came with these three or four guys? You're welcome to come in. You're all cordially invited. Because you guys bitch and complain that there's not enough vagina in our road shows. And there have been times we've heard from girls that said, oh, I showed up and I couldn't get in. Well, people, that isn't going to happen. Does road show rain or shine? Yeah. Whatever, man. We sure hope it's shine. Do they still have fun at Woodstock when it rained like a mother for five days? That's right. We don't care. We plan on doing a Woodstock finish. We're going to burn the place down. No, no. No, of course not. That's like another silly statement, like saying we're supplying ex-op. See, people get the humor because we're so wacky. We wouldn't do that. Will ONA take care of the NYPD at the road show? All these questions coming in. Ah, yeah. The answer is yes. Flash your badge. Flash your badge. You're in. There's plenty of room. I mean, 2,000 spots available for this road show. Get there early. I also was speaking with my brother last night. He's showing up with his guitar. And I think he's going to rifle through a few of the inappropriate songs. Ah, nice. The most inappropriate songs contest we had a while back. Yeah. Of course, you remember his hit, Oh, Mine, Fuhrer. So he'll be doing that one. He'll be performing Oh, Mine, Fuhrer live. Of course. Oh, yeah. And he did the other one, too. Yeah. What was the other one? Another hit. So quickly we forget. Well, he has a couple of hits. Which one? Yeah, he can do the Columbine song. The acoustic version of the Columbine song. Yeah. We'll have him down there doing a few of those. Well, we need some of the other people that came up with the most offensive songs. We're having a tough time hunting these people down. Yeah, where's Fuel? Where's Fuel? Where's Q? We want you guys broadcasting and performing live at our road show this Thursday. Yeah. Also, Anthony, we're going to have the Spaz dunking tank. Yeah, this I'm looking forward to. I'm looking forward to doing this. You know, the listeners are going to have to wait till I'm through. And the rest of the staff here. Yeah. Spaz in a dunking tank. What are we going to dress him in? He can't just be dressed like regular. We got to put him maybe in a banana hammock or something ridiculous. Like some wacky clown outfit or something. Maybe his Boy Scout uniform. Yeah, that's a good idea. We'll dunk him. No, that's a good idea. Tell him he's got to wear his Boy Scout uniform. Yeah. So we got that. Oh, we came up with another one on the train on Friday. Yeah. Best sign contest. Oh, yeah, we're very happy with the signage that shows up at these appearances. A lot of people, pretty funny writing down signs that have to do with the show. Mm-hmm. Little cute little lines. Yeah. We've seen them all. Yeah, so we'll have a best sign contest as well. Because, you know, you guys definitely bring the signs to our road show. So we'll be teaching them. The ball tree at its best. Yeah, I'm very excited about this one. This one could be huge. It's our summer kickoff party, Anthony. You know what? It'll probably blow. You know why? Why? Because we're actually planning a few things. I don't think we've ever taken more than two minutes to think about these things when we go out on the road. A lot of questions coming in. How about Earl at the road show? No. No. Earl could suck my you-know-what. Screw Earl. The invisible sloth. I don't acknowledge Earl anymore. What about the ugly ass competition? Yeah. We definitely want to do the ugly ass competition. If you have an ugly ass and you're willing to go on stage and show about 2,000 people, come to the road show and sign up for that. Opie, how about the girls that feel a little slighted with the Wow Wet T-shirt contest? You know, we're going to have big money prizes. And what if they have like putrid, disgusting, heinous boobs? I mean, how are we going to take care of that? We'll give a special prize to the ugliest set of boobs. Yeah. See, ladies? Now, you don't have to be the buxom beautiful breasts up on stage because you get up there. We're going to give cash prizes for the best boobs as voted by the audience. But also, there will be a booby prize, I guess, for the most putrid boobs as voted by the audience. Oh, yeah. Your brother's other song was Just Bone My Daughter. Yeah. Oh, yeah. He could do that one. It's done to Pearl Jam's daughter song, Just Bone My Daughter. Just bone my daughter. It felt good. We definitely want Q to call and fuel. We need you guys to perform your most offensive songs at the road show. Vinny asking, yes, indeed, Vinny, the Invisible Man will be there without Earl. Of course, he is a member of this show. He'll be on the stage the entire time. The whole time. Probably the only person that won't be kicked off the stage at one point. Can we have a sign that just says Invisible Man is standing right here with arrows that point down? Maybe also we could charge money to have your picture taken with the Invisible Man and give it to a charity. That's not a bad idea. How many people would do that? Standing under the sign that says the Invisible Man is right here with their arm around him. Arm around an imaginary guy? Oh, we got to do that, man. That's funny. Take your picture. We could give it to a charity or something. That's very funny. I'm the Invisible Man. The Invisible F'ing Man. You guys should put live crabs in the Spaz Dunk Tank. Oh, that's a good idea. Great idea. Let's do that. Yeah. Piranha. We're open for all ideas. Maybe even a live crocodile. Look at Spaz trying to get away and now the croc's in a death roll. We have to do that. That's good. We're going to be right near the water. Let's get a saltwater dunk tank. I want someone to pull up there with a Sea-Doo because I got to tear it up. Sea-Doo or a Wave Runner or something. Anything. We've got to get out there. We're excited for Thursday. Yeah. It's going to be a lot of fun. What other questions could we ask? The Ugly Ass Competition, Best Sign Contest, Wet T-Shirt Contest. First prize in that is going to walk away with at least $500 if not more. Yeah. What is getting up there with your beautiful boobs? Let's talk to Kelly real fast. Kelly, what's going on? Nothing. I just want to say hello and want to find out information regarding on Thursday. It's going to be this big, huge ONA Roadshow. It's going to be at the South Beach Water Club, 50 Broadway Island Park. Okay. Can we say what it used to be called so people actually know? Yeah. Remember, it used to be the old Speaks. Speaks. Oh my God. Out in Island Park. They used to do a lot of stuff there, a lot of bands, a lot of... They did, remember Paper Bag? Uh-huh. They did that a few years back there. It's a big place. It's great. I'm leaving in a couple weeks to go in the military. What are you doing? I'm not going to tell you what brand. Air Force? No. Army? No. Marines? I'll just get over it. Coast Guard. Coast Guard. I thought you said the military. Come on, I'm kidding. You're going to have to get that butchie lesbian haircut. No, no, you don't. You don't have to anymore? I checked it in. I checked it out totally. So you're going to... Cool. I have long blonde hair. I'm not getting rid of it. Yeah. Send the picture after they cut that long blonde hair. Oh, there you go. I'm going to hack that off. You're going to be puking off the side of a boat looking for the next Ayleon Gonzalez. That's my dream. Well, yeah, join us Thursday for the Roadshow, Kelly. Oh yeah, this is like my goodbye party and getting all my friends to go. All right, please get there early. It's going to be a little crazy. Oh, I'm leaving like 11. All right, good. Good. A lot of people coming in with ideas. Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hang up. Ideas for the Spaz dunk tank? Yeah. Fill it with gasoline and have them smoking a cigar. Would not be an entertaining first hit. That could be BOOM. You killed Spaz. You bastard. Oh, that's funny. Let's see. Okay, good. Hope you don't get too drunk at the Roadshow. Game two of the Knicks-Casters is Thursday night. That's right, Mike. That's right. The Knicks pull them on out. Mike from Manhattan. He knows. I got the heat. All right, know what? We have to take a break. We'll talk about the Knicks next. I was even slightly vaguely interested, Alvin. Which I just got to tell you, which means it was just a fantastic win for the Knicks. I was actually minutely interested in the whole thing. It was exciting. Well, we'll talk about it next. How's that? We're just getting started here, gang. 2127571027. But once again, the Roadshow is happening this Thursday. Starts at 3, doors open at 2. Get there earlier than 2. I'm telling you, 21 or older. It's happening at the South Beach Water Club, 50 Broadway, Island Park. I believe the directions are on the WNW website and the unofficial opening of the website, which is foundrymusic.com. Looks like you want to say something, Anthony. After the break? No. Syndication when Van Gundy gets the rest of his hair plucked. Very good. It's kind of like a car wreck on the highway. You're going to have to tune yourself to see what the hell these idiots are doing next. Opie and Anthony, we refuse to be responsible. The ghost spirit is up. We refuse to be responsible. 1027. WNW. Welcome back to the Mike and the Mad Dog Show, we're in a van. 2127571027. Now you've got to get the Knicks a lot of credit. Coming back the way they did. Let's go, Knicks. That's McEwing, I think he came to Blake. He sure did, Mike. Contrary to Opie's previous statements. Hey, the guy came to Blake. I think it was obvious. Yeah, the abuse I'm taking is pretty ugly, Anthony. People saying you're a fan wagon fan. You're ripping Ewing a new a-hole every two minutes and because of him, the Knicks advance. I got to give everyone a chance to abuse me. Mike from Jersey. Oh, how much does Ewing suck now? Without him they lose and lose big. 34 points and 28 rebounds in the last two wins. It does not get better. You bandwagon fan. Ben from Jersey, syndication when Riley stops kicking himself and he asks for leaving New York. Go Knicks. Quickly, just a little off subject. Chris from Fairfield talking about Spaz's dunk tank. Yeah. For the Spaz dunk tank, have electricity running through the water and see if Spaz's friend at the power company can turn it off before he hits the water. That's pretty good. You want to talk about Spaz real fast. Hold on. Wendy from the city, you could have the Spaz commute ride as well. A four-hour roller coaster ride going round and round. Slapknots from the city, is Spaz's forehead the target for the Spaz dunking tank? Yeah, really. They better box him in good. Hi, Mark. What's up, man? What's up, both? Anthony? Hey. Okay, definitely need to take back some statements he made about Ewing and publicly apologize. You know, I watched the game at the All-Star Cafe yesterday and I was really happy that the Knicks won. I'm not going to lie to you. But I'm like, oh, why did it have to be Ewing? The refusal to take on Monday. Don't take me wrong. They definitely need a younger, more agile player under the board. But Ewing was the man. I mean, he made some key plays. Game six, game seven, he was the reason they advanced. What am I going to say today, you know? The last two games he played well. I think I'll be able to stand by his original statements. Really? Yeah, I mean, you know, so what? The guy pulled it out. But it doesn't make up for a season with a slothiness. Yeah, but after... Even a broken clock is right twice a day. That's right, blog. If the morning took that chance at the end of the game, I think even Jeff Van Gunn could have dunked that ball home. Wasn't it the most lumbering dunk good in his entire life? I'm like, what did it have to be Ewing? No, he did very well. He played great. What can I tell you? That's Wendy. All right, man. And, well, everyone wants to abuse me. Here, let's go to Wayne real fast. Wayne, what's up? Hey, what's going on, Owen? Great. Listen, what the hell is this that you're telling me that the Knicks are going to lose on Friday? You're dissing Ewing and you call yourself a Knicks fan? Yeah, you're right. I didn't feel good about the Knicks winning the last two games. I'm sorry. You think I'm the only one out there? You're forfeiting your right to support that. No, I don't think you're the only one out there. But as a diehard Ranger fan and Giant fan too, I suffer with these teams. I suffer with the Rangers every freaking night for a year and the Giants for the past 20 years I've been alive. Someone asked me and I said, I just don't feel good about the series. The Knicks on Friday, how many points they have for the half? 30? Yeah. 30 there. Down 18? They were down 15. They came out of there like a house of freaking fire. I turned off the game. I was so frustrated. Then I flipped back. Then you're a fan with a fan. Then I flipped back. I'm like, oh my God, it's a game again. Yeah. That's the way it is with New York teams. They always make it interesting. Name one New York team. I just got so pissed off Friday. I'm like, they're not even playing. They didn't come to play. I know. My aunt down in Florida is hanging out her Knicks signs all over the place down in Miami. She hates the heat. Her license plate says, go Knicks. You know what it is? The Knicks can't truly disappoint their fans unless they do it in the finals. Come on. Come on. Cut it out, Aunt. Aunt just doesn't care. I so don't care. Don't point it out, Wayne. Syndication with Spassk gets a break. Thank you, Wayne. Oh, please. We'd like some light at the end of the tunnel. Mike from Jersey, syndication when Chris Dudley gets off the bench. Hey guys, Joe from Manhattan writes, am I the only one who noticed that hot piece of ass in the green dress in the stands behind Van Gundy at the end of the game? No. Everyone saw her. I couldn't get enough of the replay of the final seconds just to see her. This is the best instant feedback that has to do with the Knicks today, Anthony. Yeah. Alex from Peekskill writes, at the end of the Knicks heat game yesterday, you could hear Jeff Van Gundy as he turned to the Heat fans and said, look what I did to you again. Again. Boy, he's got that Barbie doll hairdo. Oh my God. What happened there? I don't know. I guess he just gave up on the plugs because he's had that look for like two or three years now. What happened? You know what I think happens to some people? They start losing their hair. They get these hair plugs and it must fill out the area, but then the rest of the hair that isn't plugs falls out anyway. And then you wind up only having the plugs left. It's ridiculous. But he's had enough time to get more plugs put in there. I guess not. That's driving an old Honda. You know all these ratty clothes he wears. I say a lot of crap about Ewing, but I won't say a bad thing about Jeff Van Gundy. I love the guy. He's just a mess out there. He looks like he's 55. He's only our age. He's like in his late 30s. That's all he is, right? He looks like a rat. I don't even think he's 40 yet. Early 40s, like 41, 42. All right. Wow. His suits are all wrinkly and stuff. I swear to God he looks like your old junior high math teacher that would come running into class with a briefcase from the 50s, greasy hair with dandruff on his shoulders, back of his collar black. Yeah. It's like everyone had a teacher like that. It looks like he hasn't slept in months. You've got Riley on the other side. He's all tan and sweet back with the $2,000 suits and stuff. Nice suit, all creased and everything. Guys in shit, but now there's plenty of time to look at his clothes. Van Gundy drives the what? The 95 Honda Civic that went airborne the other day? Yeah. Joe from Jersey. Syndication when Van Gundy buys a Mercedes Benz like the rest of his players. Yeah, that must be funny. All of his players driving all these Mercedes, nice cars. He makes what? Two mil? Was he ever married? Because that's only one mil. And if he was married twice, we'd get it out. Mike, what's going on? Maybe that's what happened to his plugs. Hey. He's in custody of half of his plugs. What do you got, Mike? First of all, I want to say I can't wait for Thursday. Okay. And second of all, did you see Riley in the press conference with his hand in his... just staring at his hands, not even looking up, ready to cry, like a little baby? I'm sick of all these losing teams blaming the officiating too, man. Sick of it. Did the officials get in the way of mourning on that last play of the game? They almost ripped us off in game three, over the backboard shot. Right, exactly. We should have won that game. All right, guys. I'll see you Thursday and enjoy. What do you think about Ewing, man? Ewing? He's a one-feet relationship. Yeah, you got... that's right. He'll piss... There's no other way to describe it. He'll probably piss us off tomorrow night. I'm sure he will. Well, until then, guys, good luck. All right, man. Peace out. Thank you. Peace out. Tom, what's going on? Where's Oppy? Right here. Oppy, you prick. Every year, you're always bitching and complaining about Ewing. Last year, I called you up, I told you you were a dingus because you changed sides all of a sudden. You're like, oh, well, maybe Ewing isn't that bad anymore. No, I... He proved you wrong again. Let me tell you something. I'm still not a Ewing fan. No, I don't want you to be. And how could you say I'm wrong about Ewing? I just want you to be consistent. Dude, he's been in this town 15 years. How many rings do we have? I don't know. I know it's not a reality. The last two games, you played great, but I'm not on the Ewing fan wagon. I'm talking about last year. I guess it was against the paces. And you were like, oh, well, he had a stellar performance out there. And me and Anthony busted on your chucks for about five straight minutes. I think you caught me off, but then Anthony helped me out. I don't think... He busted on your bat. Anthony wouldn't help you out because he doesn't know anything about basketball. He could care less. Yeah, I know, but you're right. I know just enough to hang you out to dry sometimes, Oppy. That's always a good thing. Guys, you got a great show. I was wondering if you... Anthony, could you do a Jesus is Over Here? What? Just one. Oh, well, you mean Dice finding the Lord? Jesus is over here! No, no, no. See, you're not sincere enough. When I found Christ, you know, the love of Christ, Christ is in my heart. Christ is over here now, okay? All right, Tom? All right. Don't joke about the Lord Jesus. All right. All right, man. Thank you, Tom. That'll be the day. Charles Darwin checking in, Anthony. Darwin? Yes. From the distance past. This can't be good. Syndication when youing evolves into a man. That old gag. So you saw the game, huh, Ian? Part of it? No, I saw it positive. You couldn't get away from it. Every way you went, it was on. I went to go to... I went to go to, uh, to Seamans Furniture Store. Today only at Seamans. Sale prices. This weekend only. Remember that guy? Buy a couch, a sofa, love seat. For the lowest prices anywhere at Seamans. Today only. From 11 o'clock to 11.01. Sale prices. That no one can deny at Seamans. Yeah, I went over there and, uh, boy, what a set of balls. There was this black guy right out in front of Seamans with a station wagon and a pile of flyers to another furniture store. Going, yo, man, it's right down the road, man. Right down the road. And he's handing out to people walking into Seamans. But he, the reason I bring it up, he had the game on. Like in his station wagon. He's listening to it, watching it, everybody. The whiz, all the TV screens had it on. You couldn't get away from it. Times Square was insane after the game last night. Yeah. Insane. People were just screaming and yelling. Everyone was, everyone was beeping their horns. Ah. See, if it was the old Times Square, I would think something else was going on. But a brand new Times Square. No, they were celebrating a Nick Victory. Yeah. It was crazy. It would have been gunfire and hookers. Yeah. Back in the good old days. That's right. Why did I, why did I have to do that? Why did I have to clean up? I need cash now more than ever. I can't even find it. Like three places. Peep World. Hmm. Ha ha ha. Tom, you're next on W.A.W. Yo, man, Nick's another Baccar Jackers and Patrick Ewing's an eight. Oh, my. That old gag. That old gag. You waited a long time for that. You gotta come up with something new on that. Yo, yo, the only reason Patrick Ewing's here is because the co-hanger missed him. Ah. All right, Tom, that was great. Thank you. Go back to listening to Hot 97. Very funny. Funny, funny stuff. Mwah. A lot of people try to abuse Ewing. You gotta get him his props. Wow, look at you. What are you gonna say, man? He makes the winning bucket. He had two really strong games. Doesn't mean I'm an Ewing supporter. I do hate Riley more than Ewing, though. Here's a guy begging Ewing to retire. Jacob. Oh, hey. Yes. Yeah, I want to make a plea for Ewing to retire at the end of this season. No more. Well. No more. With the amount of money that this guy's getting paid, we can get two hot young stars to fill his place. I completely agree, but now we gotta see how far we can go with this damn team. He's sucking up all the team's resources for years. For many years. Yep. Yep. You see, the Nets got the first pick in the draft, huh? Yeah, and all I know is when they won, I couldn't stop thinking about that girl on the green top standing behind Van Gundy. That was amazing. Unbelievable. Yeah. And they kept playing it over and over again on the news. I haven't seen that one. Damn. All right, guys. The indication, Manopi does a good impression. Frank, what's going on? Oh, what's up, man? Hey. How you guys doing? Great. The Knicks. Yeah. I don't think it's going to happen with the Pacers. No, I think they're going to get by the Pacers. Ewing is just, he's too over it. I mean, the guy misses so many game winning shots and he makes one and they think he's king. Yeah, that's true. I mean, really, he walks off the court in Miami raising his hands trying to raise the roof. Right. Trying to be a big man and then he misses, he goes 0 for 10. Well, you know, but everyone remembers your last shot, so you've got to give it to Ewing right now. Exactly. Like you said, on Thursday we're going to elevate him. Yeah. How many times did that last shot not work? Oh, exactly. Remember the finger roll? Yep. He missed his finger roll. Let's not forget the 15 foot fadeaway jumper. Exactly. I mean, how many things can he do to screw over the Knicks? Well, he did great yesterday. They'll be better. Yeah, well, give credit where credit is due. They'll be better without him though, I think. I did see the dunk and you know, I've seen some dunks in my day, even though I'm not a big basketball fan, and I swear it was the most lumbering, just slow motion kind of, like no one was really around. I don't know. Well, Mori took a gamble. He was trying to steal the pass. Yeah. Yeah. So, I mean, it was none of the, it wasn't one of those real high speed kind of dunks. It kind of looked a little weak. We could talk about Ewing's defense. But he just figures the invisible man will take his man out there. Let's not forget. Well, I guess I'm going to have a game winning shot. Maria. Yes, Opie. Hey. Opie, I agree with you. I'm not a big supporter of Ewing. I think last night he just proved it's better to be lucky than good. Well, I think, like I said, even Jeff Van Gundy could have made that shot after morning missed the pass. Well, what the hell? He has a lot of time now to prove himself, so we'll see. All right. And Spreewell at the end of the game. He was a genius. That type. The way he stayed in bounds and called timeout. Oh my God, he saved the game. But he said he never even called timeout. Well, it doesn't matter. That's what I mean. It's better to be lucky than good. Yeah. Lonzo Mourning was complaining. I heard him on the radio today that they're a better team and they should be there. But oh well. Whatever. That's right. I love when Riley and Mourning lose though. Love it. And they're the biggest sore losers too. They blame everyone except themselves. Well, Pat can go home and review his wardrobe now. That's right. F Riley. That's right. Take care guys. All right. Bye bye. Bye. Yes, Spreewell's got those, got those light feet I guess. He's, I guess, used to not hitting the floor alarms in buildings. So he can like lean like, why? Oh stop it. Oh brother. Little child of humor. Bobby, what's up? What's going on fellas? How are you? I agree with you 100%. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. I'm going to go get some food. We watched Starship Troopers. Great movie. Let's talk about all that crap next, okay? Hey, where's this sticker stop today? Can we start promoting that? Beaver Street. We're going to Beaver Street? Yeah, yeah, Beaver Street. Yeah, yeah. Where is Beaver Street? Right on, man. Okay, Beaver Street. Who's going? Psycho Marks. Screw Earl. We took the box of self-addressed stamped envelopes today and did the job. Good. By the way, a lot of you guys bitching about not getting your wow stickers in the mail. Now we understand why a lot of you guys aren't getting your stickers back. What do we see just doing that one lousy box of self-addressed stamped envelopes today? Retards. Which, by the way, took us a half hour, not all day like other people. First of all, you can't send your self-addressed stamped envelope, you know, one of those little envelopes you use to write your like, ant in Florida. Where you fold up your loose leaf paper forth on the back of your hand. You can't just leave paper four times and fit it in. These wow stickers are pretty big. Like a legal size envelope, they fit in perfect. But those little envelopes that you send, yeah, like we just said, a little letter to your little pen pal in prison, they don't work. Those little things that your wedding invitation comes in, you know, the final one that has the directions to the hall in it, that little one, they're sending those. Yeah. One guy, he's sending those tiny little envelopes in, he wants like five stickers. You can't even put a half a sticker on one of those things. You should cut the stickers to fit in the envelope. Cut them in half and throw them in. I only got an ow sticker, guys, could you help me out? Yeah. That's another one. We found another retard that licked and sealed his self-addressed envelopes. And he sent, so it was sealed. And then others just flat out not sending self-addressed stamped envelopes and just sending stamps. Just sending stamps. One guy addressed his self-addressed stamped envelope to the station. Right. So I guess Earl wasn't reading the envelopes that he was getting, so he just shoved the stickers in and mailed it and we got it back again. We opened up the envelope and there's wow stickers in it. It's so funny, man. So if you get those legal size envelopes, no problem. And we could probably fit like four or five in a legal size, okay? And then there was one person that just wrote a little note with their address and sent a stamp. Yeah. With no envelope? Yeah. And now Psycho Mark's writing little notes back to these people. Yeah. You effing tool. So you'll either get a sticker or a very obscene letter from Psycho Mark. Signed to zero. Signed to the invisible sloth. All right, so if you want a wow sticker, a self-addressed stamped envelope, the legal size envelopes will do the job. Send it to WNEW, attention wow sticker, 888 7th Avenue, 10th floor, New York, New York, 10106. And I believe that address is on the NAW website, okay? Yeah. But if you're in the area, we're doing that wow sticker stop at Ranch 1 on 24 Beaver Street, Anthony. Beaver Street. Between what, Broadway and? Broad to Broad. Oh, I'm sorry, between Broad and what? And Whitehall. Whitehall? And we'll be there at 5 o'clock today with Psycho Mark, downtown Manhattan, 24 Beaver Street, Ranch 1 location, okay? Yeah. Between Broad and Whitehall. We'll be there at 5, it looks like. All right? Right. All right, we'll be back, stay there. The Opie and Anthony Show. Drone men jumping all over each other. Okay, terrific. 127 WNEW. 212757 1027 is our phone number. You're checking out The O and A Show. We got to talk about Staten Island in a little bit. Big controversy over our wow stickers in Staten Island. Yeah, a little problem. We'll talk about that in a little while, but, Ed? Yeah. You teased right before commercials. Oh, I did? You did a little radio tease there, very good. I'm learning. Trying to keep... Learning the craft. Trying to keep the listeners tuned in. Yes. Yeah, I watched the Brady Bunch movie that Barry Williams put together on Sunday. It was switching back and forth from the pay-per-view, WWF. You know, he's now officially a friend of the show and stuff. I just didn't have the heart to check it out, which is really bad, but... Well... I just didn't feel like it. How was it? As a movie, it was a little weak. Yeah. But as a... A little weak? It got trashed. Oh, it got trashed. Oh, the critics were giving it zero stars. Yeah, but I don't know if you grew up watching the show and stuff and you kind of want to know the ins and outs. It was kind of entertaining, you know? Yeah. As far as facts go, I don't know how factual it was because I did read the book he put out and the whole relationship with him and Marcia, the movie made a little more of it than it really was according to his book, you know, and it was based on the book. So I guess they were trying to get a little more actions for the movie so people would watch. But I got to tell you, the pool scene where the chick that was playing Marcia was playing gets in the pool with the guy that was playing Barry, Craig. She comes out, she's got her bikini top on and a little pair of shorts or something around her waist, a little wrap thing. Yeah, roll over. I don't know what it was, but she takes that off slowly. The camera, I swear to God, zooms right in on her crotch. On her camel toe? It's a full screen crotch shot. I don't know how old this girl was. She didn't look any older than 16. And you saw it right through the bathing suit, like every curve, every fold, everything. It looked like she was smuggling a yo-yo in the front of her bathing suit. Oh, a very tight yo-yo. Yes. And I mean, you could see everything. She had a hot little bod on her. She gets in the pool, she's looking all hot and sexy and everything. And from what I read in the book, I don't know how that happened. They have a scene where he climbs into bed with her and he's trying to score. They have this whole conversation where she's asking if he loves her and blah, blah, blah. And in the book it just says, yeah, he climbed into bed with her. She kind of woke up and said, what are you doing? Get out of here. And left. And he left. That was it. Sounds like Erica. And he groped her and called her baby in the Rockaway Batting Bat. Yeah, but they... Thought you were talking about Spassperman instead of Barry Williams. Frank from the Bronx, I used my TiVo to spank one out at the pool scene. My God, when Marsh is getting into that pool, it rivals the Fast Times pool shot. It was a great, great shot. Do we have a copy of this? I got to check it out. No, I don't have a copy. If somebody has a taped copy and they could run a still off and email it to us of her, the crotch shot, it's just amazing. You know the Nicky Cameltoe shots we got on the website? You've seen them all. Yes, of course. When Nicky was... We deliver keggas. Nicky was in the studio and Psycho Mark videotaped her crotch from like a foot away and it takes up the whole screen. It was that close. And you could see just as much detail. And she's in a little bikini bottom. Slim Jinn from ManHasset. Hey, O&A, I watched the Brady thing last night because you had Barry Williams on the show on Friday. And man, am I glad I watched. The scene with that hot little marsha chick in the blue bikini is now a permanent fixture in my spank bubble. Yeah. Syndication when Precious makes up with Nana. That's funny. Yeah, so that was a great scene. That was worth the price of admission right there. Yeah, and they did it twice, which was great because it was NBC. It's regular TV. And then they have them leave the pool and they go into Greg's room to listen to some music. And the parents, Greg's parents are in the living room. So, they start making out and grabbing each other and stuff. So, then Greg's father comes over and says, come on out. Mom wants you out here. So, they have to break it up real quick and go outside. And he goes, Mom just wanted to give you dessert. So, Barry Williams, the guy that claimed Barry Williams, walks over to get the cake hunched over. And his father goes, Oh, your back's a little hunched over, Barry. He's got his shirt pulled out. He's got his shirt pulled out. He's covering up his bone. He's getting some wood. That's funny. Hey, Vito. Yeah. How are you, Vito? Good. Hey. All right. Oh, yeah. I was watching that last night. Yeah. And when she was taking down those shorts. Yeah. There was a nice foliage shot she had going on there. You saw some hairage. Oh, definitely. Yeah. Yeah. It was that was a very high pool scene. Jesus. I'm waiting for reruns. He played on that one. Yeah. Someone's got to run us off a picture of that. Yeah. Well, Anthony can bring in tomorrow. Copy of Brady movie. So cool. Someone talked to Anthony on line 11. We'll take that. Well, thank you, Vito. What else was going on in that movie? Well, the funny thing also, the Mike Brady stuff. They explored his, his gayness. His gay. Yeah. Yeah. Mike Brady turned out, you know, he was gay. Yeah. But they didn't really touch on anything. I mean, he wasn't groping the boys or anything or bringing any dates on the set. But the funny thing was when he had the scenes with Florence Henderson where he had to kiss her, they would get the scene all set up and they'd be like, OK, action. Well, that was the only scene I saw. That's the only scene everyone saw. That was in the preview. Yeah. He'd start kissing and stuff. And he practically pushes Florence Henderson away. You know like, OK. Are we done? And they go, well, we might have to do one just to be sure. Another one and he's all, upset. I got to kiss a girl. Jesus. Yeah, but Ann, what about Florence? They made Florence Henderson out to be like his whore. Yeah. And she's like, hey, how about a little tongue? Do you think the second would like that? Yeah, yeah. Look at the tongue and stuff. Oh, yeah. Wanted to tongue with Mike Brady. Well, it looks like she used to go on her date then. And then the kissing scene there with Barry Williams. They went out on a little date, went out to dinner and nothing really developed as far as that goes except for some kissing. Hey Joe, what's up? How are you guys doing? Great. The only reason I turned in last night was because you guys had Barry Williams on the show. I was expecting sex and scandal. There are just a couple of scenes where you get a hint of any of that stuff going on. The rest is them chasing Tiger around so that the Brady kids go on parade. It was absolutely so not worth my time. Joe, but wasn't the pool scene worth the price of admission? Look, it was delicious, I'll admit. I will admit, but whatever. I was expecting a little more on... What? It's NBC, it's like network television. What are you going to get? What Barry was doing in the studio that day with the stripper? No. That would have been fancy. Oh man, imagine that one. The flying V or whatever it was that you had, the upside down V. Pay-per-views that I would pay to see. It's too bad he already filmed the movie. He could have edited that in quickly. That would have helped the ratings. It's syndication when Anthony's ex gives him back his balls. Hi, Joe. Hey, just one ball. It's half. All right, Anthony, we've got to take a quick break. A lot of people want to talk about the WWF Pay-per-view. Charlie on line three says that we influenced the WWF Pay-per-view. I wonder how we did that. I don't know. We'll see what that's about. We've got to go to the archives and play the famous Mike Brady bit. Ah, yes. One last time before we rest this thing for a while. Mike Brady and all his gain. Mike Brady under the famous Brady Bunch stairs. Here he is sucking another man. Check this out. We'll be back. Come on, Anthony. You had the sickest thing today. What was I doing? The whole Brady Bunch bit. What? It's true. Mike Brady designed the Brady house and he didn't design any backs on the stairs leading up to the kids' room. And there was a place with these bushes under the stairs for someone to hide. So you thought Mr. Brady was under the stairs checking out his daughters and his sons. I knew he was. He designed the house. There was no cable back then. Marsha! Marsha, Davy Jones is here for you. I'm coming. Oh, yeah. Come on down those stairs. You hot bitch. Look at you. Yeah. Mike! What? Mike! What do you want? Can you call Cindy down? Cindy? I need Cindy. Tiger ate the mail again. Oh, Cindy! Cindy, come down. Could you wear that little Shirley Temple outfit you wore with the dress? Don't be scared. I'll be right under the stairs. I'm just under the stairs. Yeah, yeah. Lisp for me. You're the dirtiest bitch in the whole world. What are you doing here? Lisp for me. You're the dirtiest brady of them all. He fell. He fell. You're a dirty girl, aren't you? He fell. Mike! Mike! You fag head! What? Why are my panties stretched out, Mike? Why are you asking me? Alice's fat ass is probably in them. That's probably it, Mike. Well, I need Jan. Jan has to come down. My God, I have to reprimand her for not wearing her glasses. She could have killed herself. Yeah, strut down those stairs. You little brady. You're a filthy brady girl. Oh, stop on the stairs. Stop right there. Oh. Yeah. Yeah, baby. Dad, can I turn your office into a room for me? Greg? Yeah, Dad? Greg, we're going to have a talk about this because an office has a lot of responsibility. I want you to come down here and I'll meet you in the office. Okay. Come on. Oh, look at that Johnny Bravo ass in those pants. Dad, can I call you Mike? Yeah, call me whatever you want. Okay. I'm going to take you to the Grand Canyon. Really, Dad? Yeah. But I want to sing. Sing into the microphone, son. That's not a microphone. It's winking at me. Dad, you're Jewish. Bobby? Bobby? Get him down! Come on down here. We're going to play on the trampoline. I wish I was taller. Yeah. I'm going to hang on the monkey bars to get taller. You jump up and down on that trampoline. I'm looking right up your shorts legs. Yeah. Boy, that looks like a plucked chicken, doesn't it? Yeah, a lot of hair on there. Wow. You forgot Peter. Peter! Peter! Dad, we're all out of pork chops and apple straws. Oh, that's okay, Peter. Come on down. All right. Come on down and I'll feed you sausage. That's what you want, sausage. Oh, walk down those stairs. Look at you. Wow. You get an afro just like Dad's. I bet you have one of those Brady afros in your pants too, don't you? Yeah. Time to change, isn't it? Dad, Dad, Jan's yelling at me because he's using my hairbrush. Shut up and get on the bunk bed. Oh, here comes Greg again. Those are groovy glasses, Greg. You know, you were caught smoking but no one has to know. I won't tell Mom if you just help out old Dad. It wasn't my jacket, Dad. It wasn't my jacket. I don't care. Why are you putting the jacket over my head? Oh, we're going to smoke a cigar. Come here, Greg. This is a fine cigar. I call this the pink tip white owl. I'm going to like the draw on this one. Hi, Mr. Brady. Is Alice home? Hey, Sam, to come over here, show me some meat. All right, as long as Alice isn't home. Are we done? Yeah, I don't know. My God. I was thinking of some for Cousin Oliver, but I got thrown because Opi's got the same hair cut. Oliver! Oliver! Come on down. I have to initiate you into the Brady house. I'm going to go up and look like John Denver. Oh, there's Greg's mouse that he's using for that little experiment. Let's make your butt into a habit rat. Yeah. Bend over, Oliver. That's all right. That's a paper towel tube. It's okay. All the Brady kids have done this. Okay, very good. Can we leave on an up note? No, too late. I doubt it. Opi and Anthony. Brilliant radio, I expect. Oh, God! How much? 107. Number one. Let me swallow. The Vermont teddy bear company. Oh, boy. All right, you know something? I'm going to leave it alone. You at home, add your own goofs on Opi right there. Oh, shut up. Go ahead. Oh. Chicken pot pie. Is that what you're calling it? Hey, Opi, Vermont teddy bear company. We love the Vermont teddy bear company. Looking for a creative way to get a gift to a graduation birthday, new baby, or just to wish someone well. Do something fun and memorable. Send a bear-gram gift from Vermont teddy bear company. They'll receive a beautiful bear handcrafted in Vermont. I'm going to leave it alone. I'm going to leave it alone. I'm going to leave it alone. I'm going to leave it alone. I'm going to leave it alone. I'm going to leave it alone. I'm going to leave it alone. I'm going to leave it alone. I'm going to leave it alone. I'm going to leave it alone. I'm going to leave it alone. They'll receive a beautiful bear handcrafted in Vermont, personalized just for them, with a card and candy delivered in a colorful gift box. All you have to do is call a bear counselor. 1-800-829-BEAR. They'll help you choose the perfect bear like the groovy grad bear, wearing graduation cap and gown, shades, and bearkin stock sandals. She spelt a B-E-A-R there. Opi, I can see it. You can even add their names to the gown. A lot of people don't know what those sandals are. They're like the Jesus and Nazareth sandals. You see a lot of those sandals that like fish shows and stuff. For those heading off into the real world, you can tailor a bear to an occupation like the nurse bear, doctor bear, teacher bear, or the business bear. They have over 100 bears to choose from for any occasion. Birthday bear, the get-well bear, the new baby bear with the baby's name and birthdate embroidered on the bib. How cute! A bear-grimmed gift, a creative change of pace from flowers, and it will be enjoyed forever. Overnight and Saturday delivery guaranteed. Call what? Did you say cute? That's not in your vocabulary. Yeah. You improvise and use the word cute? It's denosensitive, Anthony, okay? All right. All right? I've never heard you use that word in seven years. Catch the sarcasm up here. Call 1-800-829-BEAR or shop online at VermontSatayBear.com. The creative alternative to flowers for graduation or any occasion. And they're cute. That's 1-800-829-BEAR. Tell them ass wiping Anthony. Whatever radio show is going to give you like intelligent talk about stocks and girls playing What's in My Pinch? The Opie and Anthony Show. Yeah, you won't hear us talking about stocks for a while. No, especially not today. I was on the Long Island Railroad coming in to check out the Knick Game and stuff. Felt like Manhattan was the place to be for the Knick Game yesterday. Talking to one of our listeners on the train. Well, Opie the Nadd Deck had a huge comeback. Only down 26 points for that. It was down like... At a point, yeah, they were down a couple hundred. Yeah. And the Dow down 84. One guy, this guy on the train is like, you guys don't talk about stocks anymore. I'm like, there's nothing to talk about. We're all getting like just slammed, hammered. I can't do anything with my money in the stock market. I just gotta leave it there and hope for the best. Can't move any of the money around. Nothing. Just a stock. Nothing's moving like fast enough one way or the other. Because I used to play Yahoo, you know, all the time. Play the ups and downs. And it hasn't done those 20 point swings in the one day, you know, either way. Yeah, make it worth playing. So that's why we're not talking about stocks. But, stockbroker Dave coming in tomorrow, Anthony. I haven't been able to call him back. So if he's listening in his car right now as he drives back to Jersey, or if someone knows where Dave is, tell them we need to talk to him. Tomorrow we want to play, win stockbroker Dave's money again, Anthony. This is a great, great bit on the Opie and Anthony show. Yeah, stockbroker Dave comes in with just a ton of money. A wad of cash. The last time we did this, he gave out well over $200 for doing something really stupid with a Whiffleball bet. $200? Dude, as I remember it, he shelled out $500 on the counter and only put $100 back in his pocket. So it was like $400? He spent $400. And this girl just made part of a Whiffleball bet disappear. Let's just put it that way. And we marked it with a Sharpie, so we do have the record in case anybody wants to try to beat the record. And we're not talking about the David Copperfield way of making it disappear. Although, no, she definitely made the handle disappear. So how does this work, you might ask? Well, it's very easy. Stockbroker Dave comes in with just a wad of bills, a ton of money, and we invite girls to come down to the studio. A bunch of you. Ladies, just show up tomorrow. If you're brave enough to try to win some of Stockbroker Dave's money. And he will suggest things for you to do. And if you do it, he will start peeling off hundreds off this wad of bills. No, we're not talking about girls that want to come up here and show their juggling prowess or anything like that. Oh, no, it gets pretty intense. Or any girls that will come up and be kind of shy about doing things. Because it's cold hard cash and it's just... Well, that's the beauty of this. You get like 10 or 12 normal girls that usually wouldn't do anything crazy like this. And we see where their line is. You get the money. And no hookers and pimps this time. Yeah, we can't accept hookers and pimps this week. Where's the money? Yeah, that little midget pimp from last time. Stay home. Stay home, please. We want regular girls this time. And we line you up and then Dave says, hey, I want you to do this. And we see who steps forward for the cash. And a lot of cash. Ladies, if you're having trouble paying your rent this month, pay in the rent. Be close to the station tomorrow, 57th and 7th, when Dave comes in with his wad of cash, okay? I got to pay the rent. No pimps or hookers, yes. How are we going to tell, though? Well, if she comes up with a pimp, it's over. Let's go to Steve. Steve, what's up? Hello, Steve from Brooklyn. Listen, guys, that Brady Bunch thing would qualify as all the things you thought of but were afraid to ask. Obviously, you guys make rush hour traffic the most bearable freaking thing on earth. Right on, man. Thanks a lot. You know, I have a serious question, though. Uh-oh. No, serious. How come you guys won't get a toll-free number or is it that you can't? We do have one. We got one. We just don't know what it is. It's 877-NYC-1027. 877-NYC-1027. All right, guys. Thanks a lot. You guys are great. Very easy. Best thing that ever happened in New York. Thank you. Very easy number to remember. Oh, yeah. When do we run out of 800 numbers? Run out of 800 numbers? They're changing my area code. I call my brother who lives a mile from me. I got to use a different area code. Yeah, what's that about? What is that about? 631? 631, but some of it's still 516. That's a pain in the ass. I can't remember it. No, my sister lives in Green Lawn. She's still 516. I live in the Huntington area. It's 631. Yeah. It's a mess. All right, let's go to Charlie here. Charlie, you're next on WNEW. Hey, ONA. Hey. I got to congratulate you guys over the wrestling paper view last night. Yeah? First, you had Jericho on a while back. Told him his hair looked like a sperm whale. He came out and did what I do. You guys had Stephanie... Wait, wait, wait, wait. Let's back up because that is the God's Eye's truth. We made fun of Jericho's hair to the point where you could tell during the interview he was self-conscious about it. And then the next wrestling event, he completely changed his hair. He didn't have that pebbles thing anymore. Pebbles, Flintstone. We called it a sperm fountain or something. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Sperm fountain out of the top of his head. All right, and what did Stephanie do last night? Well, you guys had Stephanie McMahon on. Told her she had to show more cleavage. And boom, the shirt she's wearing, complete slit. Yeah, she was showing some boobage last night. Every time I saw her, I was definitely wondering what's in her pants. And she was wearing the tight black leather pants. Oh, yeah. And I was looking to see if she had the flat ass that she had accused us of saying. What did you think, dude? She's all right, man. I actually kind of like the ass. Yeah, she's gotten better. It's definitely getting more juice to it. I just liked her. She was a lot of fun on Friday on our show. Until she pulled the thing where she rubbed it on the shirt and said, That's all right, though. That's OK. You guys got to watch tonight, man. There's going to be some stuff going on with Jericho, I think. Well, just speaking of the pay-per-view, the Undertaker coming out at the end of it last night. Oh, he looked awesome. Now, let me tell you something. The last pay-per-view, you had Austin come out and he looked like a cripple coming onto the stage. It was so disappointing, so pathetic to watch. Last night, the Undertaker comes out into the ring. The Triple H and The Rock are going at it for like an hour straight. He comes out looking huge. I mean, this guy must have just been on the damn weights and the steroids or something. The droids. The droids. I don't know what he was doing, but he was bigger than ever. And he was... Did you see him slam X-Pac? Oh, he destroyed everybody. It was amazing. The guy looked huge. I'm wondering if he's going to have a satanic biker gang now. I think they're trying to steer him away from that whole Satan thing. Now he's just going to be a badass. He came out on a Harley, right? He just looked unbelievably huge. I think it's going to be interesting to watch. Yeah, but watch Jericho tonight, man. Yeah, I think it's going to be a good Raw tonight. Yeah, that last cripple across the stage was low. It was a choke. All right. Well, thank you, Charlie. All right, thanks a lot, guys. Peace. Peace. Let's go to Sean. Sean, you're next on N.E.W. Did you catch me on the pay-per-view last night? There was a blonde with giant guns. Huge, with a wow sign. They only showed it like once or twice, though. I wish I saw that. They should have showed it all to Gordon. Hi, man. I missed that. Syndication. Hey, Tony, what's going on? Hey, what's up, fellas? What's up, man? Last night, Sean Michaels was guest referee, right? Yeah. He was wearing these shorts, bro. He looked like the biggest slammer. You could tell what religion he was from these shorts. I mean, they all got to wear spandex, right? But he was wearing a referee shirt with, like, these mini shorts. Well, he always does that. With his biggest friend of Dorothy. He always does that. Yeah, he likes those tight shorts for some reason. I don't get it. But we saw his wife in California. Wow. Really? My God. Remember Anthony? Yeah. They were in our hotel. Yep. She's got the hugest chest I've ever seen in my life. Yeah, and he's got kids and stuff. Yeah. And the Undertaker, he just joined Hells Angels. He's badass now. Hells Angels, please. Later, fellas. All right, thank you. So, it was a good pay-per-view, Anthony? Yeah, pretty good. Action-packed. All right, let's go to Danny real fast. Danny, what's up? Yeah, what's up? Hey. Yo, the camera guy is gay. You know when they got a close-up on Triple H and The Rock? He used to have a hair on his shoulder, like, was bald. That was nasty. Wish I could understand him, Upie. And I'm like, The Rock? He should have won the boat. Because the time right now before Undertaker, it's a fear, Triple H and The Rock's match. Are you Puerto Rican or Egyptian? Oh, that's not right. That's not right. I'm Puerto Rican. Puerto Rican. What station were you listening to before the ONA show? Oh, I always listen to your guys. I just never knew the number because I said it too fast. Hey, you know, my folks, they say something too. The Rock is a man because he owned WWF. He had it to lose the belt because he's making that movie. That's what. Look, look, it's Frank's off the radio in the background. What a cook. Kid Rock's on Raw tonight too, right? Chris? Yeah? Kid Rock's on Raw tonight, right? Yeah, I heard that he's going to be wrestling with Jericho against Benoit and Triple H. Oh, no. All right, Kid Rock's done. It's next week? Next week. It's next Monday? Oh, that makes it official. Kid Rock's done. No, Kid Rock appears on the WWF's Raw as war next Monday. Oh, it's next Monday? Yeah. He better not wrestle though. I hate when they do that. It's done. The whole Arnold Schwarzenegger wrestling. That is, you know something? Anyone who's in the WWF, it's fine. You work within the WWF, you make yourself a superstar and everyone knows you. You're very successful. If you're anyone outside of the WWF and you turn up on the show in the ring doing something, it's over. Cyndi Lauper. Remember her? She was all huge in the early 80s. With Captain Lou Albano. And then she gets in the ring, gone. Done. How about Insane Clown? Posse. Yeah. They hooked up with those freaks. Gone. Done. Arnold Schwarzenegger? Arnold, my movie, End of Days, wonderful, terrific. Vince, you are a genius. It's great to be a wonderful, did I mention my movie in the last two seconds? You know, the one no one saw, End of Days, End of Career. It's great. It takes up half a shelf at Blockbuster and all of them are there. Every time I go to Blockbuster, I pass it. And like, there's not even an inkling that I'm going to get it. You know, I just look at it and laugh because like every time I go in there, it's less and less shelf space. It's like the first week it's out. It's one whole section. It's just the wall of boxes. And meanwhile, you look at like Fight Club, every copy is out. Yeah. You look at End of Days and like there's one or two missing. They're stacked up five deep behind every box. And now I walked in there, you know, the other night over the weekend and like there's five boxes, End of Days, all of them still there. Poor Arnie. And he turned up on wrestling. Wrestling. It's done. All right. Well, now Monkey is saying Kid Rock is performing American Badass, not wrestling. I just hope he doesn't wrestle. I don't know. Steve C from FoundryMusic.com. What the F is this little bastard trying to say? Kid Rock is on Raw, but it's next Monday and he's not wrestling, just performing because his new disc is coming out next Tuesday. Thank you, Steve. Did you see Edge, Christian and Kurt Angle when they were making fun of those people by wearing those hats and had those instruments? Yeah. Yeah, it looked not good. All right. Now the best part was right at the end. Undertaker. That's about it. All right, enough wrestling. It was good. Undertaker came back. He looks huge. Yeah. Raw should be good tonight. That's it. Okay, Anthony, up next we're going to talk about our summer kickoff party. We're doing another road show. If you haven't heard about it yet, please stick around. We'll talk about it right after we take a quick break. And we'll also get into the controversy that's heating up in Staten Island over our wow stickers, Anthony. Yes. All coming up next. Opie and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. Hey, we've got to welcome a brand new sponsor to the Opie and Anthony show. I know this place. Babbage's. Babbage's. Babbage's Game Shop. Games, man. Let me tell you something. I do not enter a mall and not spend all my time in Babbage's. Oh, love it. You know me in video games. Oh, you're insane. I'm crazy. You're insane. Babbage's Game Stop, the video game leader, the largest selection of new and used video games. They're at Route 22 East in Union, New Jersey, across from Coconuts Music. Check out the wow van here. Oh, tomorrow? Is that happening? Yeah. Tomorrow at 4 p.m. Wow sticker stop. And yeah, Babbage's Game Stop. Cool. This week at 25% off all used games. Stop by, try out the PlayStation 2. Reserve it for just a $10 deposit. Trade in your old video games for store credit toward new games. Perfect Dark now in stock. Hot new game for Nintendo 64. Also, used PlayStation systems in stock for only $74.99. Visit the website, gamestop.com. Stop in at any, many of the Babbage's software, etc. Or Game Stop stores in the Tri-State area. Yeah, Babbage's Game Stop. All right, located at Route 22 East in Union, New Jersey, across from Coconuts Music. Check out the wow van here tomorrow at 4 p.m. for the wow sticker. Okay, Anthony? Yes, it's Babbage's Game Shop. You guys have deteriorated. It's beyond belief right now. Please, O.B.A. Anthony Show. Thank you. 1027 WNOW. It's the O&A Show, 212757 1027. We've got to talk about the Road Show, Anthony. Yeah. Very excited for this coming Thursday. It's going to be off the hook, as they say. As they say, Anthony. It's going to be off the hook. We're very excited about our latest Road Show. It's happening this Thursday. We're broadcasting the whole thing live on the radio. We haven't broadcasted one of these live in a long time. No. Sick. I don't think we've broadcasted one live since the trade winds about a year ago. No, there was Webster Hall. Oh, Webster Hall, okay. Remember that? That was in what, September? September 14th. You remember the date, huh, Ben? God, what a fun show that was for me. That was, I believe that was the day your life changed. Boy, there's a few people that were there at the end of that show at Webster Hall. That's all. Standing around the base of the stage. That's all, yeah. That's how life changed. I was talking to a few fans and they were standing there. Oh my God. Oh my dear, sweet Jesus. Oh. They saw Wendy in rare form. They weren't the only ones, though. No. Wow. We were all checking out from the balcony. From the balcony. It was better than the entire four hour show with San Diego. The last three minutes. That was pretty much it. That was a proverbial straw. Anyway, we're doing a road show this coming Thursday. It starts at three. Doors open at two, 21 or older. We're going to be at the South Beach Water Club, Anthony. Yeah. The old Speaks. Used to be Speaks. Used to be Industry. Used to be Industry, that's right. That's right. I've used to play both of those places. It's 50 Broadway in Island Park. Who didn't? Who didn't? 50 Broadway in Island Park, South Beach Water Club. We're opening up Rough Cut. And Equinox. Don't make fun of the Long Island Bands. Oh please. I was there, dude. I could say whatever the hell I want. We had some great Long Island Bands, didn't we? Oh my God. Tell me what you want. You're talking about the ones that actually had some type of career when you talk about Zebra and Twisted. I'm talking about the ones that just never got out of Baby Huey's and the Mad Hatteras Stony Brook. All those places. Come on. I was there. I smelled enough stale beer in those clubs that I've left a lifetime. And Cariola's various whorehouses around the island for us to go in, sweat and get effed and leave it at a dime. Now you're talking about something I can relate to because I did a lot of the DJ gigs for Mr. Cariola. Oh, I think when you wanted to get paid, I think he couldn't hear you from all the hair growing out of his ears. Remember the black hair that was shooting out of his ears? Oh my God. What the hell was that? That was alien. Not just a couple. It was a whole damn hair bush. Hey, Frank, can we get paid? No. What? I mean, we had two people in there. No, Frank, the place was packed. All my friends were down here and everything. Oh no, look, the doorman says only two people came for you guys. Two people only came for every band. How come there were like 250 people in the club, Frank? Geez, you'd think he'd be happy with the $8 beer prices. You know, give the band the door. No. I wonder if he's still kicking. I'm sure he's somewhere. Jesus. Anyway, Anthony, road show Thursday? Yeah. Starts at 3, like I said. Doors open at 2. 21 or older. Get there early, man. I'm telling you. It fits 2000. We're going for 2000 people this time. Yeah, let's go. We're bringing a kiddie pool now. We're adding stuff as we go along here. On stage. All right, so it's at the South Beach Water Club, 50 Broadway, Island Park. The directions are on the WODWD website, the unofficial Opium Anthony website. Otto and George come in. A bunch of the freaks and regulars that you used to from this radio show will be there. We got the ultimate wow. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. We got the best show. I'm sorry. It doesn't do anything. It just comes in and is a lunatic. So I hope you guys are going to join us this coming Thursday starting at three. Doors open at two. Get there early, 21 or older. Yeah. South Beach Water Club, 50 Broadway, Island Park on Long Island. And that's all you need to know right now. Yeah. We guarantee you'll have a good time. Get there early though, really. People want to know if they have to pay to dunk spats. No. No. No. We're trying to make a little Lollapalooza thing where there'll be little things going on in little areas all over the place. That's what we're trying. We got some other things planned. We can't talk about yet because they're not confirmed, but we're trying. Is there room for me? Foot wants to know. Your old buddy. Who's Foot? Hey, Foot. Oh, man. That ain't my foot. That's not my foot. Let me get in with these nuts, nigga. Let me get in with these nuts, nigga. He's trying like some gag from another show or something. Is that the guy from earlier? Dude, call the show where that's relevant. I don't get it. Is he going to call his friends and say you got on the radio now? No one gets it here. Is it some catchphrase for some other show or something? Yeah. Renee, what's going on? All right. Yeah. What's up, Renee? I'm moving to California in three days. And I want to come down tomorrow. I need to go to California with. I'm not going to deal with any whiffle ball things. I'm really upset that I'm not going to get to listen to you guys anymore. Yeah, but I don't know how to get to where you're syndicated at. You just email somebody. You just got to be really smart about it. You'll figure it out. Okay. I'm going to miss the road show. Well, come down tomorrow and try to win some of Stockbroker Dave's money. Yeah, and I want to meet you guys before I leave. Just show up, right? We don't have to put you on hold. Just show up 57th and 7th any time tomorrow. Okay. All right? Thank you. All right, Renee. We'll see you tomorrow. I'll see you tomorrow. All right. I'll see you tomorrow. And then we'll have to work it out and figure out how to get to where we're going to win the money. All right? I'll see you tomorrow. I'll see you tomorrow. Okay. And then we'll have to work it out. Okay, good. I'll see you tomorrow. I'll see you tomorrow. Okay, good. So we'll get some of the stockbroker Dave's money is tomorrow. That's going to be a lot of fun. We get like 10 or 12 normal girls. We line them up. And then Dave just puts money down on the table and suggests crazy things to do. And one of the ladies will step forward and do it for the cold hard cash Anthony. Yes. And the chance to be a star. Greg on line one wants to know, will there be a cover? No there will not be a cover. No cover until seven. They're early. Get there early. No cover. We're trying to keep the beer prices down. We all know we got screwed at a pass road show and all that. But we've worked that out this time around. Okay. Live and learn, Opie. Yes, we have lived and learned. Yeah. Fuel is on line five, Anthony. Cool. Fuel. Afternoon. Well, we're patiently waiting for you to call and to see if you're going to be at the road show Thursday, Fuel. I'm absolutely sure. You'll be there? Yeah. And you're more than willing to sing Baby Raper live? I'll sing whenever you want. You got an acoustic guitar or something? I got a couple of them. Yes. This guy's been around. Oh my God. You want to come down and hear Baby Raper live? This is going to be like meeting a rock star on this guy walks in. It's going to be crazy. Come on. You know, I thought that it died down and I was at a bar the other night and people left and right coming up. They're like, my cousin told me you're that guy. You're that guy. My wife just puts her head down like, I thought this was over. Fuel between you and Q, you guys are going to be the stars of this road show this coming Thursday. I'm all for it. You're going to feel like Peter Frampton on Frampton Comes Alive when you get in front of that crowd singing Baby Raper. Can you sing Camp Concentration live? I'll sing wherever you want. I don't care. You're going to have to sing both. Oh, I can't wait. This is great. Live performance. By Fuel and Q. So that way when people request it, you can go, you want the album version or the live track? Let's figure this out. So far at the road show, we're going to have Fuel singing Baby Raper and Camp Concentration live. Q is going to sing I'm Horny for Little Girls and Imagine. And your brother is going to be singing Old Mind Fuhrer. Old Mind Fuhrer and Just Bowling My Daughter. So we got six of the most offensive songs going to be performed live this Thursday at the road show. Right there is Worth Coming Down. Oh my God. What are the songs? I'm trying to remember the other songs. With Any Luck, hopefully Stephen Lynch doing Full Blown Aids. Full Blown Aids? Could be. He doesn't have the balls. Is Dean McCullough coming down? I believe Mike is going to be coming down. When Dean McCullough comes down, I know he'll perform it with Stephen playing the music. So most likely you'll hear FBA as well. Well Fuel is the song that started it all. We'll see you Thursday. We're very excited. Cool, me too. I'm going to feel like I'm meeting a rock star when I finally meet you live. I'm going to be looking at Anko and going, dude, there he is right there. That's Fuel, man. That's Fuel. He doesn't look insane. Well we don't either so we've got something in common. I'm looking forward to it. Alright Fuel, we'll see you Thursday. Okay, cool. I don't even want to know your real name. You're Fuel. You're Fuel, man. That's all I need to know. When he breaks out with Baby Raper, the crowd is going to go wild. You know it. Yeah, dude, you're going to be the hit of the whole damn thing. Do you ever play in front of a couple of thousand people? Actually, 700 is the most people I've ever played in front of. 700? Yeah, wait until you hear a couple of thousand people chanting Fuel. I wasn't playing Baby Raper either. Oh wow, this is your hit. No, it's great about this song too. You're going to be able to stick the mic into the crowd and let them sing a verse. Let them sing a... Baby Raper! And then you kick back in. Baby Raper! Right. It's going to be like Freebird. It's going to be great. It's going to be rock. It's going to rock. The lighter is going to be out for you. The lighter! Alright Fuel. Cool. We'll see you Thursday. Alright, thanks guys. This is starting to shape up to be a fine party. An event. Another way to kick off the summer. We got brand new Out of T-shirts we're giving out too. Yeah, plenty of stickers too. Alright, so this is good. Has Jim Brewer committed to the roadshow yet? No, not yet. I'm still waiting for the call. We're still waiting. We're hoping. We'll see what happens. Make plans for this Thursday, okay? Starts at 3, doors open at 2. Get there early. I'm telling you, if you really want to go. 21 or older, South Beach Water Club, 50 Broadway, Island Park, on Long Island. We've got the directions on the WNAW website and the unofficial Opium Anthony website. Yeah. Okay? Rock. And we've got to take a quick break. When we come back, we've got to talk about Staten Island. A lot of controversy over our wow stickers. We'll get into that next. Speaking of wow stickers, really fast. Psycho Mark, has Psycho Mark left? He's leaving in like 15 minutes. When are you leaving? Right now? I'm leaving right now. Okay, Psycho Mark is leaving the building right now. You know what? No, no, because people are going to say, why aren't you yelling at Psycho Mark for not leaving because he works. The truth of the matter is, yeah, because he actually has stuff to do. Like it's not just filling out, opening up envelopes and shoving wow stickers in there. He does all the production. He just came in here with 20 brand new commercials that he had to put together today. Yeah. How did my new tag come out for Strauss? Do you have the outtakes? No, because there really wasn't that much. Dude, I am becoming a pro. Damn it. No, no, you're not. Oh, shut up. You're getting very good. So how did you find out about Stanker 2? Stanker 2, shut up. Hey, sweetie! All right, Psycho Mark is leaving in like minutes. He's going to be at the Ranch 1 on Beaver Street, Anthony. Yes, that's 24 Beaver Street, downtown Manhattan. You said street. Between Broad and White Hall. Between Broad and White Hall, 24 Beaver Street. Broad's Beaver? What? Ranch 1. Go down there. Mark will be there very soon with the brand new outstickers, okay? Yeah. All right, we'll be back. Some days, you know, we're a last ride, and other days we just flat out fuck. We know it. Interesting. Interesting. We'll be there down today. 1027, Anthony with EW. Psycho Mark has left the building, Anthony. Yes. He's heading to Ranch 1 on Beaver Street between Broad and White Hall. Downtown Manhattan at Ranch 1. We're going to have to give out the brand new outstickers. If you're in the area, stop by. Psycho Mark will hand them to you, okay? Yeah. Off the instant feedback, Linda from New York. At the construction site on 50th and Senate Ave, some very loyal construction working fans have sprayed a huge wow and an ONA on the girders of a building that will be just girders for a while. I'll send the pic with the street sign to the website soon. Wow. Wow forever. Very good, thank you. Well, wow is definitely picking up steam, Anthony. Yeah, you can tell that it's getting a little popular when we start getting negative publicity. Yeah, we'll get a lot of these before the wow campaign is over this year, but I see you guys have been getting your wow stickers. I saw them all over the LIE and the Northern State and all the highways on Long Island this weekend. Thank you for the support out there, guys. Every weekend you just see more and more. Are you seeing a lot in the Brooklyn area? Yeah. Hell yeah. A lot of people with their work trucks and stuff. And cars. Well, we made the Staten Island advance, I think it's called. Local paper, I believe. Headline reads, Outer Bridge toll collectors ordered to remove stickers, Anthony. Ordered. Motorists complain about slogan promoted by radio talk show. Slogan. This article is written by Heidi, so you can just imagine where this is going to go real fast. Who would have thought that a simple toll booth at the outer bridge crossing could be such a hotbed of gender politics? It all started with a silly slogan called wow. Silly. To fans of the Opie and Anthony radio show, N-E-W-F-M, that's short for Whip Them Out Wednesdays. The it in question is breast. The idea is, well, you get it. First of all, it's Whip Them Out Wednesdays. Yeah, where's the it? There is no it in Whip Them Out Wednesdays. See, I'm right. Whip Them Out Wednesdays. And the it in question, no, it's the um in question. See, you know, we don't want to call it Whip It Out Wednesdays. That would be a homo thing to do. Yeah. Heidi. Whip Um Out. Whip Um Out Wednesdays. Heidi Singer, advanced staff writer. Okay. I'm with the advance, you know, Daily News. Right. Advance. Daily Planet. Advance. Whatever. Ever since these talk show geniuses. Hey, thank you, Heidi. I love when they call us geniuses. He calls whatever he wants. We don't give a crap. I am a genius. Ever since these talk show geniuses got the idea to encourage women to expose their breasts once a week, bumper stickers and homemade signs have been popping up among fans of the Manhattan station to remind the ladies not to be shy. Yes. At least one of these stickers found its way onto the wall of a toll booth on the outer bridge crossing about two weeks ago, sparking controversy in the chat pages of the Staten Island Live website. What? Sparking controversy. Controversy in the chat pages of the Staten Island Live website. Ooh, that must be some website. How many hits do they get a day? Five? Jesus. Well, we've got a new enemy of the show, the chat pages of the Staten Island Live website. I don't even know how to get there. I'm sure I'm missing a little spot. Oh, yeah, I'm sure they will. Oh, no. It's just so ugly. I was humiliated to see wow stickers on a toll booth yesterday, and it's a poor representation of the Port Authority's part, wrote an anonymous participant on Thursday in this chat room. Listen up. No one is forcing you to do it to get through the toll, complained another reader. There are so many other problems on Staten Island, and you concern yourself with a sticker on a toll booth. Yes. Women can rest assured that the offending sticker has been removed from public property, said Steve Coleman, a spokesman for the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. A supervisor took immediate action after receiving complaints from the public, said Coleman, adding that a stern warning will be issued to all Port Authority toll booth operators that wow stickers will not be tolerated. Yesterday, several toll operators looked cheapish when questioned about the stickers, and none would admit they were fans of the OP. Yeah, that's always a good thing. What? No. OP? What? Who? Oh, what? Hitler, Goebbels, what? Never heard of them. They're so evil. And then one toll collector said, they flash us anyway, joked one worker. When asked why, there was no wow sticker on his window. So first of all, ladies, take care of the guys over there in Staten Island. Yeah, the toll booths. Because they can't display their wow stickers, even without the wow sticker. And I would suggest that a lot of wow stickers pop up around that outer bridge crossing, Anthony. Yeah. I do believe we need a few wow stickers in that area. Yeah, you get your hands on a bunch of wow stickers. Definitely plaster that area. The website, silive.com. Yeah. Can't load it up now. Oh, really? I think everybody found it. It's silive.com. Silive.com. So there you go, our first negative article of the season, Anthony. Yeah, boy, wait till you see how many of these pop up. Many to follow. Oh, yeah, there's no getting on this. Really? All right. Didn't even have to declare them enemy of the show. They just take it upon themselves. Although it sounded like there were some people sticking up for us. Anthony, what's going on? Yeah, how's it going, guys? Good. This island is horrible, man. These people complain about everything. Yeah. And I mean, they got homosexuals closing the parks and everything. Yeah. Ha, ha, ha, very funny. What? What was that? What the hell was that? Is there like a full moon today? We're getting some weird people. All right, let's go to Brian. I guess she's not a fan of wow. I don't know what that was about. Brian, what's up? How you doing, guys? Great. I'm a resident of Staten Island, unfortunately, and I've been on that Staten Island chat room a couple times. Bunch of anal retinative nitwits. I mean, oh my God. But the first caller right before me was right. These people here have nothing better to do. So they pick on stickers on the wall. But I'd like to see you guys are great. Well, we need a lot of wow stickers in the area of question here. Well, yeah, I mean, Staten Island is culturally deficient anyway. But in any culture we get, we'll help. And wow stickers would certainly fit that bill. But Jesus, you've got to see some of these people out there. All right, Brian, thank you. All right, take care. Bye. Oh my God, they're already in it. I'm in the chat room. And what do they say? From this ONA fan. That's nightlive.com, right? Balloon Knight, one of the names. ONA fan. And what do they say, man? All right. Hey, all. There we go. I'm the guy that's just five Xs on the side. Hot Lunch says, OK, terrific. It's not even a forum. It's a chat room. All right. Let's just take over the chat room. Hope and Anthony say wow. Now it's just getting down time. Dice clay. What kind of smell is that in Staten Island? Mariah Carey? George Steinbrenner says Timmy. Hello, Frankie. Saying hi to me there. All right, let's get a mic real fast. Mike, what's up? Wells High. No, what's up, O? I work for the ad man. You guys got to take it easy over there. What? Why? No, what paper? Staten Island ad vans. Ad vans. What about it? I try to work there. I'm living. So? So anyway, speaking of living, I'm on the Garden State Parkway. I got a wow sticker sitting right next to me about to go over the bridge. Oh, you got a wow sticker? I'm going to put the first one up. Yeah, we encourage to get a lot of wow stickers in the outbridge crossing. I'm going to take care of that. All right, cool, man. Thank you, Mike. OK. It's just going fast. What's going on? What are they saying? Anything funny? I'm putting it, I'm over here now. There we go. Rob says, vagina. Yambag says, look what I did to you again. Dude, it's scrolling as fast as you can scroll a screen. I see it in Dr. Smith's butt sex. You guys are a bit, look at the reflection. I see the reflection behind you. It's just like spinning now. You can't even read it. It's going so fast. Do they have a message board or something we can just attack? I'm sure they do. Yeah? Look at all the names in here. Al Sharpton, Fabi Rapist in here, Balloon Knot Banana Juice, Camel Toe, Chocolate Starfish, Corky's in here. Oh my gosh. That's funny. Look, it's just moving. I can't even read it now. You can't even get in. It's going so fast. Yeah. The administrator's getting pissed. They're kicking people off, but they're signing on faster than they can take off. Garbage E-16. Oh, and they rule. Wow. Dude, it is going so fast. And the administrator's trying so hard to kick everyone off. But they're signing on twice as fast. That is funny. Good work. Good work, man. Remember the days we would get trashed and we wouldn't fight back, Anthony? I know. We had this nice little army and we could fight back. It's kind of nice. Yambag just got kicked off. Good work, Yambag. Oh my God, Yambag just got hit. It's like a war. But more people are signing on than they could kick off. It's silive.com. silive.com. It's in the forum chat section. Yeah. And it's the Town Square room. Yeah. There are 132 users in here right now. And all of them are opening Anthony listeners just pounding it. I've never seen a chat room go this fast in my life. Oh, Corky Steinbrenner just bought the farm. Corky just got hit. Quick, put in Kowalski. Kowalski, get him to take him over. Wow, look how fast it's going. Now it's skipping a page at a time. I want to see if Kowalski jumps in. Kowalski, get in there. Get in there. Pimp hands in. Pimp hands in. The administrator cannot kick off people faster than they're signing on. Well, you want it to be an enemy of the show. Here you go. Midget sex. The Staten Island advance just doesn't like wow, Anthony. Oh my God. Outer Bridge Toll Collectors ordered to remove stickers. I'm over here now. Just bought it. I'm over here now. Good work. You'll be remembered. I can't even tell who that was. I think I kicked off. It went by so fast. The fitz is complaining about one lousy wow sticker. Anthony, now because they're the enemy of the show, there's going to be hundreds of wow stickers around the outer bridge crossing area. Moe my lawn just got kicked off. Moe my lawn. Brody, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey. Working at the advance, man. Yeah? You work there? Yeah. All right. I'm not doing them right, things like that, man. I'm telling you. Worst people in the world, man. All right, Brody. Mike Tyson just got hit. Dan, what's going on? Hey, guys. What's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, man, this thing, you shouldn't be promoting this, man. This could be illegal. You could get trouble for this. Why is it illegal? Our listeners... This could be considered a denial of service attack, man. No, stop. Our listeners have some kind of a problem. We're not going to be able to get this done. We're not going to be able to get this done. We're not going to be able to get this done. We're not going to be able to get this done. You know, some people might look at it different, though. You've got a whole bunch of people hitting that site. Well, you know, if they do something bad, if they do something bad, they get kicked off the site. Unfortunately, since they've started kicking people off when there were 131 users, there's now a hundred and thirty-one users. That's a lot of people hitting that site. That's a lot of people hitting that site. Since they've started kicking people off when there were 131 users, there's now a hundred and forty-five users. It is pretty freaking hilarious, though. It is going so fast you can't even read. All right, Dan, thank you. All right, have fun, guys. You just don't want to be an enemy of this show. Oh, there are pictures showing up. Oh my God, look at that. Beer. Something sent us beer. Very funny people. They are just going nuts. Maltose on there. Hey, Scott, what's up? Actually, this is Eric. Was that Spad answer on the phone? Yeah, probably. He's such a tool. Actually, I want you guys to send me a stack of, if you guys could send me a stack of WoW stickers, I'll tattoo every light post coming off of the Polk Plaza. That's a great idea. We want a ton of WoW stickers in the outer bridge crossing area of Staten Island. Got to send them out? I don't have the address to get the stickers, though. If you send a stack, I'll put every light post coming off the Polk Plaza. All right, hold on a minute, Scott. Someone take care of Scott on line two. What's going on, Ant? Well, Baby Raper's doing a great job. I just saw, I got it from Amidro. Mass player just got it. Pharma just got kicked off, too. Good job, people. How many people are in that chat room right now? Holding at 140. 140? Wow, Midget sucks. Okay, terrific. Doing a great job. Anthony, is that Gary Smith? Anthony Joe from Connecticut? Yeah. Your listeners on that website are like the flag bearers of the Civil War. As soon as one gets it, another picks up the flag to carry on the battle. See, Celine's gas just bought it. But Cleveland Steamer steps right in to take over. Hey, look, Ben Stein's in there. You people are a pisser, man. That's funny. Good job. We're laughing. I've never seen a chat room rotate this fast. Man. All right. Good job. We hit 148. I can't take it. Thumbs up. This guy, if I'm putting pictures on now, like of bombs falling off and beach balls, just like, you guys are great. Hey, Matt, what's going on? Yeah, I got two things for you, LNA. Number one, for a couple weeks, I forget the name of it, somebody created an AOL chat room that was completely dedicated to wow. Nice. And I'll tell you right now, AOL's texts have never been dedicated. There's like 150 of them on one chat room monitoring what's decent and what's not. And the other thing is, I was driving home a little while ago, and there was a truck. And it said wow trucking lines on one. And then it had wow all over the side. But under wow trucking lines, it said dedicated to ONA. Ah, cool. Very cool. Thank you, Matt. We're a little distracted because it's really funny. This chat room is just destroyed. I'll tell you what, guys, you've got to get more people out there. Because I'll tell you what, I'll personally, I live in Union County, I personally go over to Staten Island Bridges, put wow stickers all over all the Staten Island Bridges and every one of the GSP poll booths. All right, Matt, thank you. All right, adios. We're 255 users who are now just sent bombarding it with pictures and it's sick. Hey, Anthony, Greg from Staten Island checking in. The SI Advanced Office is located at 950 Fingerboard Road, Staten Island. Oh, yeah? Just want to announce that. Now people just can't get on, Anthony. Yeah. More traffic on the silive.com site than the outer bridge itself. Dr. Smith just bought it. He was doing a great job for us. He just bought the farm. He bought it, huh? Staten Island Advanced email address, Anthony. Yes. cowhig, C-O-W-H-I-G, cowhig, at si, siadvance.com. All right. siadvance.com. Oh, okay, Marco, just lost it. Just bought it? Okay, Marco, just lost it. That's the way you scowl about the game. Scowl, what's going on? It's the same camel toe as back. Hey, Scott. Hello. Hey. Yeah, congratulations. You know, tomorrow you made the front page. Staten Island Advanced, I can picture it now, O-1-A, farmer. Farmer. Yeah, how many people check out that newspaper, though? Oh, it's pretty popular. It's a crappy paper. Crappy paper. Yeah. Listen, I work in Jersey. I go over to Gotham Bridge every day, and every day the toll collector that I go to So now I'm just going to hand out stacks and stacks of stickers to the guy. Got to do it. All right, thank you. All right. Thank you. Take care. All right, bye. Yeah, it would have been, you know, maybe occasionally she would have seen a wow sticker that upset her so much. She might have occasionally seen one at the toll booths. Now she is going to see them all the time. She's going to see them all over the place. That's it. We won wow stickers all over the outer bridge crossing. We love a battle. We love when we can focus a battle. Like the whole wow campaign is just tri-state wide, you know what I mean? So we have our resources, our army, and we spread it all over the area. But when we can focus on one location for a set time because we're at war, oh, God, we love it. Concentrated bombing. It's like the ball bearing plants. In Germany, we supply our planes over there and bomb the ball bearing factory. You know, instead of just, you know, carpet bombing Berlin, it's like we've got to get the ball bearing plant right here. Anthony, the Staten Island advance, which is located at 950 Fingerboard Road. Yes. I don't know why that's important, but okay, it's in this instant feedback. Yeah. Well, the office already has two wow stickers outside the office. Wow. All right. Well, good luck to them. Yeah, good luck to them. If they post wow stickers out there, I guess they want to be wowed. Rich, what's going on? Hey, guys. Hey. Badi boodi bada bim, badi boodi bada bim, bam bop, bam bop. One of the troops. Thank you, Rich. Listen, guys, I got a way you can log on to the site with administrative rights. You won't get booted off. And how's that? It's legal, perfectly legal. All right, guys, and I'm not going to say where it works, nothing like that, all right? It's the website address name. And then at the end, you're going to need the forward slash admin dash net dot htm. You should be all right. All right, man, thank you. All right. Thank you. Not a booted boat a bit, brothers. All right. Bye. Bye. Let's go to Dee. Dee, what's going on? Hi. Hi, Dee. How are you? Good. I love you guys. Oh, thank you. You make me laugh so hard. Cool. I need some wow safety advice. Safety. Safety. Any of you lost a bet in a race? Yeah. Yeah. Uh-huh. Don't do that, man. Don't do that. You can't do that. One guy lost a bet in a race. Yeah. And twice, someone has run off the road. Another person hit the back bumper of another car. You must have a nice set of boobs there, Dee? I have a beautiful set of boobs. Yeah. But I don't want to shy away from that wowing anymore because I don't want to hurt anybody. Well, you've got to just make sure the, you know, the opportunity is right. OK, well. Make sure the situation is right. Make sure they're at, you know, kind of stuck in traffic, going a little slow. That's exactly what I did. could handle the welling and i think that's right i mean he's basically a lot of all of you know i don't know that maybe i think it'll part of that modeling myself all that well is a and really beautiful or data and i had a nice opportunity but the guy freaked out but and i think that they're expected well enough to freak out if if we do it yeah well i did our listeners know that they're they're not supposed to harass the lazy they did they put the well in the car whether it's the brand new well sticker or you know a homemade well sign and they are just go about their business if they get lucky enough to to get well that's that should be a no-cash and i'm also well as there's played by those rules without a doubt and i will i'll keep up the good work and yet they did very much thank you are you are you seeing more well stickers out there i actually am i can have a lot of ninety five and i think more and more and how many times have you out so far only those two times and i just got scared because i you know i don't want to cause accidents and i have you know double p brentson you know they're very perky and beautiful and i'm very proud of them but he had to do with our last week anybody out he happy with our last group and i want to say i'll keep going and yet definitely just make sure the situation is okay we don't want anyone get hurt uh... you know i think that you know anything by the way i know i think there is back as a man look out for d on ninety five this coming wednesday uh... double-d double-d double-d what's going on with that website are you are you uh... now it's all my god it's still just flying now hundred and sixty users just full force compounded spaz a refic but like everybody on this well we want to thank the set an island advance for uh... writing about uh... with malaysia nigger charlie nigger charlie check in ten mean the invisible man so i can't read and they're going so bad that job guys you know what to do and someone has to give a full report we want while stickers all over the outer bridge crossing hundred seventy one users and now it's gone so fast i can't even read for a second but lying and seventy five go on a eight-minute is going to sell i think that that probably the guy in charge of the general man are saying that i can't be dead they can't even want to hear anything about it when they do i come on to a hundred i want to see if it's got a two hundred users the guy has completely given up completely given up the first time i want to be seven eighty eight god uh... over to it is lying that's funny one ninety yet one ninety one of our very good to answer your mom come on people one ninety nine all all right there come on back to one ninety six come on two hundred it showed on the power it's one there the two hundred it's lying and then it's a uh... uh... that's a larry uh... uh... you're a great two twenty people jersey wars great bombs away we love a good battle and we got to break we're running away uh... you guys don't let up to be going okay we'll be back i'm going to be it's her it also it on ideal and i have to be a an update from the front. We're in the middle of a mini war here, a little battle flared up this afternoon on the ONA show. We have the Staten Island advance. They wrote a negative article on Whip-a-Mail Wednesday. I guess there was a wow sticker on one of the toll booths on the outer bridge crossing, a lady pissed and complained, blah, blah, blah. They wrote an article and I guess it all started in this stupid silive.com chat room or something like that. Yeah, I guess they were having a little chat about the wow thing and some people were a little upset about it. Well, we went to the silive.com forum and went into the town hall chat and a couple of our listeners joined us in the chat room. We were having a lot of fun with it right up until it just froze up and cracked when it reached 220 people in the room. 220 soldiers, Anthony. Soldiers. It just froze up. I've been trying to log back on. I just got back on all through that break and oh boy, they're at it again. The chat room is working again. 195 people in there, 99, 200. Let's see what happens when it goes to 220 again. 220 baby. Looking for 220. All right, 201. They're pounding it. I want to see if it happens again because all I know is the whole thing froze right up and didn't move again. Well, Anthony Asswipe from Blackest Hell writes, us LNA listeners are like the Chinese army. We're not the smartest but god damn it, there's a lot of us ready to die for the cause. Yeah. I guess we got the lady that started the whole complaint in this stupid chat room on the line. Oh yeah. She listens to the show obviously. Yeah, what everyone's... Let's go to Si Queen. Si Queen. Yes. What's going on? I'm sorry guys. What happened? I love your show and everything but those toll booth collectors, I don't think they should have them up and I did call and I started it on the forum. Why shouldn't the toll booth collectors have a Watt sticker on their booth? It doesn't say you have to Watt to get through the toll booth. They are... It's just a suggestion. They're supporting the Watt cause and you don't have to do anything if you don't want to. Right. Before Watt started they were trying to look down everybody's shirt. Now they've got a sign saying just show me because my neck hurts. They're men. I'm sorry. No, not the toll booth guys, please. a little bit. We must upgrade it. Well, that just froze up again, Opie. Oh really? Yeah. 217 users and it ain't moving. You're out of your mind, Si Queen. Hey, what's the deal? No. Why did you complain? I complained because I was... It's like sexual harassment. We have to give these guys money. We've got to give them money and show them their booths. I mean, we know you don't got to do anything. You ever go through the... I know which bridge it was. It was the outer bridge. You ever go through there? Well, it sounds like you have a problem with the toll takers looking at you. Yeah. I do because they do. They lean back. They try and look under your skirt. They lean over, try and look into your skirt. Under your skirt? What are they? By the break? You sound like you have a little bit of a problem. They lean all the way back. What are you wearing? What kind of top are you wearing? If you're that upset about it, why don't you wear... It's a turtle neck and they will still make you wait before they give you your change back just so they can get a good eye... Look, I wait to get the change back. It's just a part of going through a toll booth. I think you're making a little more out of it. Wait a minute. Do they turn off their radio, sit on their chair and lean back when they're giving you the change? I don't notice. I'm not that crazy. Right, because you're not a female and that's why you're not offended by it. Hey, Phil, what's up? Hey, how you doing? How big is this chick's can? Yeah, how big are your cans? Is she worth listening to? How big are your cans? How big are your boobs? Are they looking because you're sporting something there? There's 36 double D's. Ah, that's what it is. What do you expect? You're getting mad at a lion for charging it a piece of steak. If she's got 36 double D's, how big is she though? Is she about 500 pounds? Oh, no, not at all. No, 36 double D's. The baby doesn't have back. And I have been asked that without the wow signs to do that. So that's why I'm offended and every woman that goes through there should be looking at her disgusting, flabby, big droopy ass cans. That's why it takes them five minutes to go and give you the change and then leaning over for a rule and they come to you on the ground. I look long and hard at some of the ugliest damn cans ever when I'm walking around. I'm sorry I won you over, but anyway. SI Queen, SI Queen, SI Queen, SI Queen, why don't you get an easy pass? I still love you anyway. Yeah, get an easy pass. Guys, I'm giving you the train. Get an easy pass. Get an easy pass. Get a sleazy pass. F'ing whore. She gave us the train, Anthony. Yeah, I saw that. Wow. Give everyone the train and then we'll all reciprocate by training you. Give you the train. Wow, now everyone is just...they all have a comment about SI Queen. 210. 210 on the message board? What a...what a...fuck. To put a bumper sticker on a toll booth? Please. And remember, you don't have to do anything. No. That's because you see a wow sticker. It doesn't mean you have to wow. She says, yeah, I have to give them money and I have to flash my...no. Yeah, you have to give them money. It's called a toll. This isn't Russia. But you don't have to flash. You drive through. I barely notice things when I'm going through the toll booth. How many people are on there? 230. 230? Oh, it's got to freeze up any second now. I'm outraged. Unbelievable. Anthony, Nanhater just entered the war. All right. As in Nana. Nana hater. Nana hater. Just at 240. 240. 240. Let's go to Richie. Richie, what's going on? Come on, Connery. He just got knocked off. Hey, Richie. Hey, what's up, guys? How are you, Richie? What's going? Yo, the ferry is loving this. Let me tell you, the passengers are getting a kick out of this. Oh, cool, man. Yo, tell it to you. I don't care what anyone says. Staten Island is the biggest Opie and Anthony fan they are. Hey, we were at...we love the people on Staten Island. We were on Staten Island, what? Two weeks ago, giving out wow stickers. Big girl, Earl was out there. Everything. We all got him. Everyone has him. They are fantastic. Who's the next black person you're going to invite over to Staten Island? Alba Man. Alba Man now. All right, Richie. Ring Al anytime. Thank you. So, guys, you got to hit Staten Island. You two got to come over to Staten Island, sit a ferry and do something. We would love to do something on Staten Island. I'm telling you, come out there. The crowds are the best in Staten Island. All right. On the boat. It's free. 60,000 people a day. Come on. Thank you, Richie. All right, guys. All right, man. I've been to the wonderful mall over there at Staten Island. You got that big mall over there, Alba. I go there. All right. Oh, this guy, he's a toll booth worker. He's going to admit that he looks at girls every chance he gets. Who are you? Kowalski's on the board. Kowalski made it into the war? Good. Freddie, what's going on? What's going on? You're a toll booth collector? No, I used to be. I used to be a temporary toll booth collector. And I will look every single time I could. Well, guys, look every single time they can. And they got the perfect vantage point. Every time I saw some stuff in those cards, I'd forget about it. So what the hell are you supposed to do, you know? That's it. All right, guys. Thank you, Freddie. Take care. Celine Dion checking in, Anthony. Oh, yeah? SiLive.com. There will be no survivors. All right. Well, we're going to move on to other things today. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Oh, dear. People want to know about the road show. Yeah, we could we could talk about that for a couple of minutes here before we take a break. And then we'll we'll talk about the Knicks again and Rick Lazio. Oh, Lazio. There you go. And the NRA and the NRA. Yeah, a restaurant. I love it. Yeah, we'll get into all that in just a few minutes here, Mew. We need the guns. We'll talk about that next. Real fast, our summer kickoff party is happening this Thursday. It starts at 3. We're doing the whole show live. Doors open at 2, 21 or older, at the South Beach Water Club, Anthony. 50 Broadway Island Park. Yeah. Fuel and Q just confirmed. Yeah. These guys are like rock stars in our eyes. They are, of course, the guys who came up with most of the most offensive songs that you know and love. And they're going to be performing a lot of them live. I got to tell you, our road show, I am looking very forward to seeing fuel perform baby raper live in front of about in front of about 15 to 800 of our listeners. Festival crowd. Yeah. Bit to I would say closer to 2000 people. We're going for 2000. I would think so. When now when you put a fuel on the bill like that. Fuel on the bill all of a sudden. I don't get it. I don't. George. Yeah. Steven Lynch. Jeff Norris. A wow wet t-shirt contest. The end all wet t-shirt contest. The spaz dunking tank. A best sign competition. Anthony, because a lot of people show up with the signs. They'll win a signs. Yeah. This is just going to be a party. Fuel's going to be singing baby raper and camp concentration. Yeah. Q is going to be singing imagine and I'm horny for little girls. Horny. Remember that one. And my own brother Joe going to be showing up and doing his hits. Oh my. Oh my. Remember that one. Yeah. And I can never remember the name. I just boned my daughter. Yeah. Just boned my daughter. Just boned my daughter. It felt good. How offensive. And you can see it all live. The live performances. Rain or shine. We're going to be at the South Beach Water Club this Thursday starting at 3. But you're going to have to get there earlier. I want to give early if you want to get in. I want to just make a statement to the musicians that will be showing up. Much like they did to all the people that showed up for the we are the world thing. Please check the egos at the door. This is a moment for us to all get together and perform live as one. Check the egos at the door. Please let's do this. Just for the kids. Yes. South Beach Water Club this Thursday. Doors open. 21 or older. 50 Broadway Island Park on Long Island. Directions on the WIDW website and the unofficial Opium Anthony website. Louie Anderson checking in, Anthony. Oh, yeah. I agree with SI Queen. I hate when they check out my huge jugs in the booth. He'd agree with any queen. Every time you see him now. And he knew this would happen. That's why I remember that guy was going to say that he had asked. That Louie had asked him for sex. Yes. And Louie had to pay him like $100,000 for him not to go to the press with it. But the guy came out anyway. Louie must have known this was going to happen. Because now anytime I see Louie on TV, I'm like, look at that big pachinko thing. He had thought that before, but now it's just confirmed. Because he was there, I am Louie Anderson and you're watching Comedy Central. And you're just like, OK, yeah, I'm watching Comedy Central. And you've got a big man meat right there. Yeah, overbearing father, turn me into a gay. All right. Let's come back and talk about the NRA theme restaurant. We'll talk about Rick Lazio. What do you guys think of Rick Lazio? Heading is cute. I offer money for sex. No, that one doesn't make sense. This Louie Anderson. Want to add one? No. No, that one doesn't make sense. That's OK, though. All right. Louie, quick break. We'll be back. Hopi and Anthony. 187. WNEW. Anthony Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Boy, not much chance to lose some weight before Thursday, huh? Our big event. No, but our live show. It's going to be outdoors, right on the water. Sure, a lot of girls going to be in bikinis. But now, if you didn't lose the weight that you packed on in the winter, what are you going to do? You're going to show up there in a parka. But there's still time before the summer gets in full force here. Anthony. Stacker 2. Our listeners come in all sizes, shapes, and shapes. Wow, look at you being all nice. That's true. But if you want to be a slender listener, Stacker 2. World's strongest fat burner. Also gives you that boost of energy you need. You'll feel its effects 45 minutes after taking it, guaranteed. And then you won't have the urges to snack during the day. Adds up to losing weight. That's what you want to do. Lose weight with Stacker 2. 1-800-LIGHTLINE, 1-800-LITE-LINE, right? Right, Opi. For Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Our listeners have proven it works. Give them a call. 1-800-LITE-LINE. We're still stupid. Well, if that's what it takes to get good ratings, we'll continue being stupid. We don't care. We don't care. I've been expecting you to make exactly that as a nine-state. The Opi and Anthony Show. The Theater of the Mindless. 1027. www.wnew.com All right, lots going on on the program today. Psycho Mark is at the Ranch 1 on Beaver Street between Broad and White Hall. Downtown Manhattan, he's giving out the brand new Wow Stickers Anthony. Yeah. Stop by if you're in the area and say hi to Psycho Mark. Lots of instant feedback coming in. We got to say hi to Rambo. Check it in from Fort Hamilton Anthony. Oh, yeah. He writes, looking forward to the USO show for the troops on Thursday. Yeah. That's pretty cool. It is. And I guess the place we're doing the road show at is called the South Beach Dance Club. What? South Beach Dance Club. Dance Club? I don't know if we'll be dancing Thursday. No, well, there'll probably be some girls dancing. We'll be rocking and partying. I don't care what they call it. We call it the Opi and Anthony Road Show. Broadway, Island Park, Long Island, Broadcast Live. Our road shows are legendary at this point, Anthony. And yes, you can pull your boat up to be docked. We're running out of places to do these road shows. So I would come down Thursday. Yeah. We used to do them every month, and now it's like every three months because we're just running out of places that can hold our audience. I'm excited at the lineup. I mean, we're going to have a pisser, as they say. Yes. A lot of the music you've been hearing here on the Opi and Anthony show, the song parodies, performed by the artists that originally brought them to you here. The likes of Fuel Q, my brother. Very excited that Fuel called up and said he will be doing Baby Waper Live this Thursday. Cowbell Bill just called, said he's going to put together a special mix of Dry Dry Dry V. Oh, nice. And without the vocals, so the whole crowd is going to get along, get to sing along with the Dry V song. Very good. That can't play on the air anymore. We'll have a kick-ass live version. Let's not forget the Wow Wet T-shirt Contest, end all Wet T-shirt Contest with cash prizes. Seems like all of New York is in a very good mood today, Anthony. Yeah. Nick's with a huge win yesterday. Yeah, I'm not even, you know, me and basketball. Let me tell you something. I was a little excited. Yeah, let me tell you something. When it comes into work and comes up to me and says, hey, did you see the end of the Nick game? Then I know this Nick thing is getting out of hand. Yeah, because I could give two crap. Right. But I got kind of a little caught up in it. And you guys abused me for about 40 minutes to start the show. Yeah. I didn't think the Knicks could pull it out. I was wrong, obviously. Ewing, who I hate, came through last night. When it came to play, had that game phased it on. And again, the play. And again, the win. And Jeff Van Gundy, once again, victorious over Pat Riley. Yeah, we're going to talk two hours about his hair plugs. They lack their own. We got a great line from one of our listeners earlier. It said, after the game, Jeff Van Gundy, he turned to the Miami Heat fans down there in Miami and yelled out, look what we did to you again. Again. And I'm excited, Dan, because I think I like this Rick Lazio. Yeah, Lazio. We're making a great impression there. Is it Lazio or Lazio? I don't know. Lazio. Lazio? Lazio. I don't know. How does he say it? He's going to get the women vote all moist. Oh my god. Moist and tenderized. The ladies just losing it already over his looks, Anthony. That's all they're talking about in the paper, his looks. His handsome Lazio. His Kennedy looks. Yeah, a little different than Rudy. How's his prostate? Good. Lazio. Is he keeping it well lubed? Well, his wife doesn't look too thrilled that he's in this race. Yeah. Well, you know, he sounded pretty good. He came off confident. Did a little Hillary bashing, calling her a carpet bagger, and saying that he's worked here in New York. He knows how the state works. He was talking about his Long Island accent. Yep. Very good thing to do. Makes you like a hometown guy. I think we have a chance to keep Hillary out of this damn state. Anything but Hillary. Oh, please. I'm a little happier about this. So you think this guy is going to have the Kennedy impact on the women? Probably. You know where they look at them and kind of just vote with their loins? Probably. Vote with their badge. Vote with their badge? Make a vote for your meat curtains. Can you pull the lever with their badge? God, that's horrible. Let's go to Kevin. Yo, ONA, what's going on? How are you, Kevin? Oh, listen, I'm not crazy about politicians, but this guy Lazio, we got to get him in. Yeah. We can't get this witch running the state. No. No, you guys should invite him to the road show on Thursday. Oh, yeah. That'll hook it right up. That'll make him a shoe in. Oh, man, you got to see this hotbox who's handling his press. I went to the, I work for a news organization. I'm not going to say who, but I had to cover his announcement in West High Slope on Saturday. From his high school? From his high school. Hometown boy. From Babylon. Right, Anthony? Yes. What was he saying about the railroad? He said he's still going to pay attention to the Babylon train station. I guess he had some issues with that. But yeah, he's a hometown guy. Anyway, you were at the announcement. Oh, he's got this hotbox handling press. I mean, I'm just going to follow him around just to take a look at her, man. But that aside, I mean, he's a real solid candidate. And like I said, I'm not crazy about politicians, but this guy, I think, will do something. And I think you guys, being from Long Island, should support him. Without a doubt, I'm supporting him. I don't know much about him. We're endorsing him officially on this program? I am. Anything but Hillary. Anything but Hillary. The first. Yes. The first endorsement. Hey, listen, Nicky, going to deliver Keggers on Thursday. And I lean Democrat. Lean. Do you? Yeah, but I do. Anything but Hillary. Screw Nicky and we deliver Keggers. Hey, a little out, a little out. Kimmy. All right, Kevin. Peace out. Bye. Yeah, I'd rather have a moderate Republican than a Democrat any day. Democrats are so wacky. Yeah. Please. We'll have to wait and see. It should be a good campaign now. Yeah. Definitely. Very excited about the possibilities, Anthony. Yeah. God, I just hate Hillary. He went right on the, right to battle though against her, which is good. And then she comes back. Well, my latest candidate, my latest opponent, like there's a whole line of people. No, it was Rudy and his prostate screwed up. Right. And his marriage and stuff. And Lazio has been around a while. He was the one that stepped aside so Rudy could run. Yeah. But she's like, you know, my latest candidate wants to talk about things like how long I've been in the state. Why can't we get together and discuss the things that are important to the people of New York? They always do that stupid politician talk. It starts off slow, you know. I think we should get together and talk about things that the people find important in this thing. What? What is that? Does it have to get that ridiculous? Okay. Chelsea, I want you to make sure your room is clean and not leave your clothes around where I have to pick them up. The bullhorn. They always get all loud. They don't speak like human beings. They can't answer a question. How do you feel about AIDS? Oh, it's a very tragic thing that we must all take to heart and look at in a way that we can just say, yeah, but blows. Oh, we're going to try to, you know, help out. They can't answer a question. Let's go to Mitch. Mitch, what's going on? Hey, boys. How are you? Great. Great show. Listen, just real quick. We did some stuff with Reglacio at the racetrack. He's just a really good down to earth guy. Did you see him at the $50 window? No, no, no. I worked there. He did twice the parts with the Marines, but he's the kind of guy who wasn't doing it just so everybody could say, hey, you know, look at me. He's a really good family guy, but he's hip enough that, you know, he listens to your show. He'd be okay. I just encourage everybody not to turn your show political, but we live in New York and we can't have this, you know, we can't have this woman in the Senate. Rick, get Lazio. Yeah, we want to get him on the show and see if he can hang with the boys. Get him on the show. He's not, you know, he's not just a Republican, Mr. Missionary, man. He's very cool. We endorse him. We'll find that out. So do that, you know, and syndication when Hillary loses a strap on. All right, Mitch. Thank you. Enough on that. We'll have to learn more about him, but did you see what Joe Soprano wrote earlier? Syndication when people stop calling in with new syndication things. Oh, what the hell. It's quite the paradox. Yeah, it sure is. Dre from the city. Did you guys watch the NRA meeting last weekend? Charlton Heston spoke and it was like a scene from Planet of the Apes. He was holding a big rifle and yelling. What do you think? You know something? I am a very strong advocate to the right to bear arms. I really am. I'm serious. But that Charlton Heston is an effing lunatic. It's out of his mind. That guy is crazy. Looking more and more like an ape every day. Oh, yeah. He's starting to look exactly like Dr. Zayas. He's getting the big protruding jaw. Dr. Zayas. Help me. Zira. Cornelius. Help me. We got him. He looks just like him. Damn you. He did that famous line. Take it out my gun when they pry my cold dead fingers from around it. Damn you all to hell. And he had the rifle up in the air. He was holding it like Moses helped his staff. And he's like, hold it. Damn you. I was expecting him to fire a few rounds off into the ceiling. Damn you all to hell. Anti-gun people. F off. I treated you like I treated those gorillas I planted in the ape with my gun. Remember that? I shot them all, bastard. Then I fooled Dr. Zayas to come around the corner and I put my gun to his head. That red monkey ass of his. I believe it is the right of every American to have a Vulcan cannon in his car if he wants one. Damn you. And what's the problem? Why? Why a problem with the theme restaurant in Times Square? We want an NRA theme restaurant along with Planet Hollywood and the hard rock and the sports gas. Hey. Mr. Heston, that's a little wacky. Why? Damn you. NRA theme restaurant in Times Square. Why? What's the difference? It's a hobby. A sport like everyone else. Why can you have goddamn hippie communist clothes hanging up in the hard rock? But you can't have good old American guns in a restaurant. That's what a restaurant needs. Come on. We could serve the children little Sundays after they eat. Ice cream Sundays with like magnum rounds decorating it. That'd be cute. You'd take them home. Little guns hanging up all over the place. They're out of their mind though. An NRA theme restaurant. We were at the All Star Cafe and we ordered the Shack Attack turkey sandwich. Shack Attack turkey sandwich. Whatever it was. Why have that when you can have Ruby Ridge ribs? Come on. Damn you. How about the Columbine cobbler salad? Yes. It's on the menu. Or if you're watching the game. What would be better than sitting down with some wacky Waco wings? Hot wings. Come on. Damn you. Mr. Heston, don't forget about the Loeweema lasagna. Yes. That'd be great. All the wait staff will have guns. So if anyone tries to walk out on the check, we shoot them. Can you imagine that? The Kent State College crunchy chicken finger. There's just a few things on the menu. Damn you. I'll treat you like that red ass mandarin monkey ass gorilla ass that was trying to get me. I'm planning the ass. Can I say ass one more time? Charlton Heston. Yes. Will you be like a hostess at the restaurant? I'll be the hostess. And fully armed. It's going to be great. When you order a steak, you go in the back and shoot it yourself. Come on. Thirty on six and you'll get bucked off. Bash that dumb cow over the head. We'll hold his feet. We'll hit him and heal him with the rope. You take out the three fifty seven right between the horns and then oh, it's so tender and juicy that way. Would you like it? Well done or rare so it's red like zero monkey ass. Some days I'll be dressed in a loin cloth. Some days in a loin cloth. Some days in my outfit. I had in the Omega man. Right. Come to that movie. Sure. What did I have in the Omega man? Guns and plenty of them to shoot the dead. What happens if we're overrun with the living dead and we don't have guns to defend ourselves? What happens if we don't have guns in this country and all the guerrillas take over? Would you like to be like those mindless people held in cages being dissected? Or would you like to be like Chuck Heston when I see the Statue of Liberty and I fight back with my gun? Damn you. You blew it up. Remember every Chuck Heston movie you see where I have a gun I come out on top. Although I died in Planet of the Apes. I died in the Omega man. I died in Soylent Green. Wait a minute. Hold it. That didn't work out too well. I didn't have a gun in Ten Commandments and I lived. I didn't have a gun in Ben Hearn. I made it through that. I died in the Omega. Goddamn guns are screwing me up. I die in all my gun movies. Anthony or Mr. Heston, wherever you are right now. Yes, damn you. More and more suggestions for the NRA themed restaurant menu coming in. Yes. Let's not forget the Son of Sam soup and sandwich special. Yes, that's a good one. The 44 caliber killer. David from Ridgewood, New Jersey, Columbine Calamari on the appetizer. Columbine Calamari. Let's not forget Watts Wings. What about the Jack Ruby Red Wine? Yes, you drink that with the Cheese Harvey Oswald. It's the burger. Cheese Harvey Oswald. It's a play on the name you doggy bastard. Well, they have a breakfast special too, Anthony. The Lee Harvey Omelette. Lee Harvey Omelette for breakfast. Look at the way we break the eggs back into the left. Back into the left. And then a little, a little, a little, what's her name, Kennedy. Jackie Oh. Jackie Oh. Tries to get the shell from the back of the trunk of the car and put it back on the egg. It's so cute. I went a long way for that dopey joke. Bloodstained table cloths on every table. Moses from Egypt checking in. I'd like to order the 9 millimeter chicken bullets with barbecue sauce up, please. Yes, all tender. Uh, Jim, you're next on WNEW. Hey, Jim here. Yeah, what's on the- Hello, Jim. How about these John Wilkes Booth bacon cheeseburgers? That's a good one. All right, take care, guys. Thank you, Jim. A big stack of curly fries. It'll be good food. Good food and fire arms. That's what we need in Times Square. Uh, Mr. Heston, don't- Stop shooting anymore. Don't forget about the Diablo poppers. Get 41 per order. Damn you. The Sir Hans Sir Handwich. Come on, it's a good one. Chris, what's going on? Hey, how you doing, guys? Great. All right, I got the name for the restaurant. It's Shooters, not Hooters. Shooters instead of Hooters. And a guaranteed pair of 55 Howitzers in every brassier top. The JFK open-faced sandwich. What's wrong with that? Holy cow. Why? Why are so people so adverse to guns? Guns with your meal. A little happy meal for children with a little- Little 22 Saturday night special. You can run around and have fun shooting each other. How about the Sir Hand Slurpee? Yes. For dessert. The Grassy No Salad Bar. The Grassy No Salad Bar. All part of the NRA- All part of the NRA themed restaurant, right? The Klebo Casserole. It's maddening. It's an endless possibility. Damn you. You son of sandwich. Son of hand sandwich. The waitress is late with your order. Not only is it free, but you shoot the bitch. Nova, I taught you to smile. Dr. Z. The Jeffrey- Oh, God. You got too sick, man. Let me get back to saying it. It's his line. Brad, what's up? Hey. Got a name, uh, the Jeffrey Dahmer Sampler. You could have it cold right out of the fridge. Well, he didn't use guns, but that's close enough. Thank you, Brad. Bye. You go all the hell. See what I did with that gorilla? Beneath the Planet of the Apes. Yeah. I shot them all! Guns! We need more guns in our restaurant. Damn you! We're gonna have a special lunch, uh, special for postal employees. Yeah? They're coming. Yeah, they bring their own guns. Blow off some steam and some heads. Bring in a gun, get a free, uh, appetizer? Jesus. A David Kereskenish. For our Hebrew friends. Salad with Smith and Wesson oil and vinegar. Damn you! All right, well, I want to wish the NRA theme restaurant a lot of luck there in Times Square. Yes. What a mess. People, boy, people listen to this every day. Sometimes. Why? How about that red mangel ass? How about- I want my burger raw, like- Like Zira's ass, when I pounded it when Cornelius was away. He never found out. How about the Leon- I love monkey ass! How about the Leon Klinghoffer cocktail? Two shots and a splash. And, uh, you could try the Eric Harris hot potato. Oh my god. Colin Ferguson curly fries. Colin Ferguson, it's you. We'll have a little electric train set that'll bring it on for you. To the sound of gunfire! And the kids can play in the electric chair? Yes. That's right. Damn you. You ever pound monkey ass, Opie? It's almost as good as shooting guns! Anthony, let's not forget the Dwyer bud draft. Yes! Very good. That's Chris on light tail. Thank you, Chris. You sick ass. The Colin Ferguson curly fries. Yes, of course. Yeah. Well, it sounds a little wacky to have an NRA themed restaurant. Yeah. The hell are they gonna, you know, how are they gonna name the dishes? I guess they have to guns. Coat. Smith and Wesson. Ruger. The Columbine sloppy Joe Anthony. Oh god damn! Check please, this bit's done. Ha ha ha. With Jack the Ripper Rubin. Dahmer's 12 inch wieners. Dahmer didn't do anything with guns. Shut up, man. All right. Special of the day, Mary Jo Butterfuko Chop served on the side. Butterfuko. Yes, the sausage served on the side. Paul E from Lawrence, I assume, will all be drinking Colt 45s. Damn you. The restaurant slogan could be eat hot lead and instead of a drive-thru they have a drive-by. Amy Fisher in chips. That's great for you English blokes that are too faggy to have guns in your country. Stupid bobbies with their sticks. One gun and they take over the whole country. Um, Mr. Heston Berger from New Rochelle. Yes. The University of Texas Clock Tower T. That's a good one. The Martin Luther King-Sized Sandwich. What's wrong with that? Hey Mike, what's going on? Hey guys, what's up? Hey. I got a few things. Yeah. I like to sit in my favorite John Wilkes booth and have my Brady vegetables. The James Brady mixed vegetables. Very good. All right fellas, you guys are great. Yeah, there'll be a booth called the John Wilkes booth. John Lennon Lemon Chicken. What's wrong with that? Hey. Did you sell? Ketser and the rye fish fry. For you Beetle fans. Shane, what's up? How about the Bernie Get Burrito? Very good. Yeah. Kyle from Mayo Pack. Try the Selena Salsa and chips. It's great. The Manson Massacre Meatloaf. Just trying to help the theme restaurant. The John Lennon Broil. That's horrible. All right. Ring the bell for the love of God. Ring the goddamn bell. Jim from Long Island. Dirty Sanchez. How about the Bobby Kennedy special barbecue sauce? How about the Phil Hartman Coke float with grenadine? Gotta give these people credit. That's horrible. That's from Xavier from Portchester. The unicorn on the Cobb Killer. I ain't reading that one. Mark David Chapman Jimmy Chungus. Mr. Reagan. Mr. Reagan. Don't forget the Ronald Reagan ribs. And they got Biggie Small Drinks. See, Rodney King wasn't shot, so that one doesn't work. Stay with the bit. Yeah, the Tupac Tacos. Tupac Tacos. They're great. And all meals come with guns. Just a blow up around. The ceiling is going to be made out of cork. So you can just fire rounds into the ceiling. The Invisible Man checking in. But give me your wallet, waffle fries, and this is a robbery roast beef. Ronald Reagan on rye. See, they bring it to you and forget to put the filling in. It's just rye bread. I'll take two. Oh my God. Wow. That was supposed to be a two minute bit. The Andrew Canan and Banana Split. If you could get the whole thing in your mouth, it's free. Jesus, it was a fag. Remember the fag killer down in Florida? Andrew Canan. Yeah. You can try the Reagan mind eraser drink. The Kent State cannoli for dessert. Thank you, Bill. We did the Smith and Wesson omelet. The Diallo stew. Thank you, John. All right. That was sick, man. God, we came up with four in the back office. I thought we were doing good. Very good. Very good, guys. Damn it. Very good. Right there in Times Square, the NRA theme restaurant. Yes. Opening within the year, hopefully. Make the WWF restaurant seem like Tavern on the Green. How about a James Earl Ray on rye? Come on, there can't be possibly more. Kurt Cobain low main. Thank you, Dan. Dan from New City, how about the notorious B.I.G burger? Oh my God, the barber from Jersey. He's a funny guy. How about trying the Bloods and Crips fish and chips? A large pie with Malcolm extra anchovies. People are bad, man. The JFK Junior seafood platter. He didn't even get John. I don't care. You gotta get him on the menu. Heather. Yes. You're out of your mind, man. That was my husband's input. Very good. He also came up with Versace veal. We're climbing home, we're peeing our pants. Cool. Thank you. All right, thank you. Why? Special of the day. Oh boy. The taxi cab chicken livery sandwich. Oh wow. I thought we were bad. Our listeners are ten times worse than we are. The Cobain head of lettuce. I can't imagine there's more out there. I think we covered every major shooting in the past. 50 years or so. We go back practically 200. I forget about that. My brother's got an obscure one. The Leon Shogol's shrimp. He's the guy who shot McKinley, people. All right, the Pope. McKinley. The Pope John Paul Poppers. Now, you know, you guys, come on. How do people forget he was Shaq? Shaq, the Pope. Parker from the city. The Columbine cacciatore. The Manson Manicotti. You kill him, we grill him. Bruce, what's going on? Hey, how you doing? Great. How about the 44 count of a kebab and coke? Very good, man. All right. Adam on line four, livery cab crab cakes. All right. And for a beverage, if you really want to get snagged, the Long Island Railroad shooting iced tea. Come on, it's an iced tea. OJ didn't shoot anyone. Yes, stop it. Cut it out. It's for the Knife restaurant opening up down the street. Malcolm X trot cheese pizza. The Strangulation restaurant. The Hinckley hamburger meal for kids. Yeah, I think we're done. Can you say overkill? Yeah, we kill everything. Zoe, I kill her birthday cake. All right. He died of breast cancer. Why are you even bringing that up? Linda McCartney. You're insane. It's not funny. Coffee's rusted. All right. Well, thank you for your contributions, you sing. Aaron Burritos. Aaron Burritos. Alan Bur. Someone really knows there is three. Alan Burritos. Mike, what's up? Oh, hey, what's up, guys? That's a good one, man. You guys are getting historical, so I reached back to the Aaron Burritos. Yes. Enlighten the people as to who he was in a duel with. Oh, he shot somebody a while back. Al Hamilton. Very good. He was in that peanut butter commercial. Yeah. Thank you, Mike. Thanks, fellas. All right. We're done. I think we're done. She wasn't shot. But it is funny that Sharon Tater shot. Larry Flynn fries? Yeah, Larry Flynn was shot. All right. That's why we call it the People's Radio Show. You guys are crazy. That's what I'm fishing for. Martin Luther King crab flesh. The Diallo. Just when you want to stop the bit, Ray, on line nine. The Diallo, Ham, and Swiss. They're out there. The Marine Shatner floats. She drowned you, Ale. She certainly didn't float. We came up with seven in the background. We had about 100 on the radio. Patty Hearst, Live or Worse. You're killing me. Damn them all. I think we need to take a break. A few good ones come through during the commercial. Well, damn. We'll get right back on this. Stay there. Okay. You guys can come play. Piss me off, okay? 1027WNEW. You people are totally out of control. Mike from Brooklyn. The David Berkowitz hot dogs. They speak for themselves. You idiots. Psycho Mark's at the Staten Island Ferry. Giving out wow stickers. He's on the Manhattan side. Look for him. All right. Brand new sponsor to the Opium Anthony show. We've been drinking this the entire show. Yeah. Sobe beverages, Anthony. The leader in healthy refreshment. We got thousands of them in our office. I've been drinking the Sobe Energy. Oh my God. Very tasty, right, Anthony? It's got guarana, yohimb, and what? Arginine. I don't know what those things are, but I guess they're good for you. Let me tell you what they do. I it feels like I swear to God, it feels like I drank about 50 cups of coffee. And I know why they call it energy. I drank half of it and I swear I was like, oh my God, I'm freaking out. And I'm on my third bottle. I know. I'm addicted to this stuff already. Oh finishes one off and he's like, go in the office, grab another one. I need another Sobe Energy. No, I like this Sobe stuff. Sobe beverages. We have like, I don't know, 10 or 12 different kinds in the office. We're trying the energy drink today and it's very, very tasty. Yeah. Sobe Energy contains an energizing herbal package with guarana for instant energy. Is that what that does? Yohimb to sustain energy and arginine to enhance overall physical performance, Anthony. Well, let me tell you, I was doing like sit ups in the corner to get rid of some energy during commercials. I felt like the top of my head was going to blow off. I think I found a new beverage. I think you did. I'm not kidding. This stuff is really good. Sobe beverage provides supplemental herbs designed to energize the body, uplift the spirit and enlighten the mind. And we're liking this stuff big time. And it tastes really good. I like it as opposed to, you know, like sports drinks or something. Let's say they give you energy. You know, they might, but the taste is like, this is really good stuff. Yeah, we like it a lot. They have a website. Everybody has a website. There's www.sobebev.com. For more info about Sobe and all of their different flavors, Anthony, they have a lot of them. What does that mean? What? They've got an under the cap game going on too. Yeah. So you take the cap off and obviously look under it. Yeah. Mine just says the other white meat. Does it really? Supposedly there's like all kinds of stuff under the caps that make you laugh if you don't win something. Yeah, they're pretty funny. And be on the lookout for the Sobe Lizard. Love bus spreading the Sobe experience all over the market, Anthony. All right. So grab a Sobe and drain the Lizard. Sobe Beverage is the- Whoa. Sobe Beverage is the brand new sponsor to the Opie and Anthony show. And we definitely are digging their stuff today. Okay? We'll be back. Hey, while you're listening to ONA, I'm out throwing chicken wings at people. This is Jim Briller. Take that up, you stinker. 212-757-1027. It's the Opie and Anthony show. Having fun today. Want to say hi to everyone that's hanging out, getting ready for the fish show tonight. Sold out show at Radio City Music Hall tonight. Tomorrow they're playing Roseland. Our own stinky, very excited. He's got his wristband. He's going to the show, Anthony. Yeah. I think we need spaz to smell stinky though. Stinky, you waited all day for tickets? Yeah, it's like 1.30 in the morning. You got there 1.30 in the morning to try to get your tickets? Yep. And how good are your tickets for tomorrow's show? I think they're all general missions, so it depends on when I get there. All right. Now, I think he stinks today, Anthony. The whole Cincinnati all over again. Where's spaz? He's got to smell you today. He walked into the office and I'm like, man, who farted? And stinky goes, oh, it could be me. I've been up all night trying to get fish tickets. Spaz, does he smell? I don't know. I haven't smelled him. Well, stinky, you know, raise your arm stinky. Make it audible in the mic. No, no lying. We don't fake anything in the show. There's no lying. He is right. Right? Well, I took a shower before I left. Just when we were ready to give you a brand new nickname, man, you had to come in like that today. When you stink once and you get the name stinky, it might eventually go away. You're going to the appropriate show today, fish. That's right. Tomorrow. Yeah. Wow. Spaz, not good, huh? You didn't smell the other underarm. The left one, please, spazzy. Lift up the shirt. Oh, my God. Jesus, that's long. Get in there. Into the mic. Into the mic. We didn't hear anything. Oh, God. Oh, I'm going to puke. That's disgusting. That's good. All right, stink. I'm glad you got the fish tickets, but a shower would be nice. The Fredo Fettuccine, very good. Alfalfa, alfalfa sprouts. That's right. He died of a gunshot. That's what they say. Right? Yeah. All right. A lot of good shows this week. Local H at Mercury Lounge tomorrow night. Wednesday Matchbox 20 at Irving Plaza Friday. She's coming back Friday? That's her makeup show. That's the makeup show when she had that nervous breakdown on stage a couple months ago. Is she going to cry some more, Fiona? My modernists don't work. Fiona Apple at Beacon Theater Friday. God, give her the finger. You didn't have a sandwich. Jesus Christ. Go down to the NRA Cafe and get a Bernie Getz Subway sandwich. Black olives on the side. Oh, my God. Hey, I'm just reading them as I see them. All right, I see that, Anthony. And other music news. Kid Rock appearing on WWF's Raw is War next Monday. Bye-bye, Kid Rock. Should be fun. Yeah, I don't think he has much time left in the world of fame. You see him on Saturday Night Live? Yeah. Catch that? Yeah. Joe C dressed as an old lady was pretty funny, though. Yeah. Noah dressed as... What was that bit? Dressed as... The guy... I saw the end of the show. Jerry Lewis, right? Jerry Lewis who married his little... Jerry Lee Lewis. Yeah, Jerry Lee Lewis. Joe C was the chick. All right, Anthony. I'm just... My chest hurts from laughing. Yeah, you guys killed us today. We got to talk about the roadshow again, Anthony. Yeah. This is going to be so freaking cool. We're very excited. I hope you guys are excited to join us Thursday. We're doing our summer kickoff party. The festivities start... I know, they're still coming in. Doors open at 2, Anthony. We're going to start broadcasting live at 3 this coming Thursday. 21 and older. It's happening at the South Beach Dance Club, 50 Broadway, Island Park. We got directions on the WIW website and the unofficial Opium Anthony website. It's going to be a lot of fun. I think we could fit about 2,000 people at this roadshow. It's going to be the biggest roadshow yet. These roadshows are legendary. And every day we're adding more debauchery. Debauchery to the schedule, to the festivities. We're doing a huge wow wet t-shirt contest with cash prizes. We're doing some lesbian stuff. We got the spaz dunk tank with spaz in a Boy Scout uniform. Go ahead and share with the class. The Brandon Lee Rice splitting from Matt. We're going to have a best signed contest because you guys bring all the cool signs to the roadshows. Otto and George confirmed. Jeff Norris confirmed. Stephen Lynch most likely confirmed. Just waiting. And I think the hit of the roadshow is going to be Fuel and Q singing their most offensive songs. The ones you know and love. Well, my brother Joe too with the old minefurer. That's right. Your brother Joe is going to be singing one live. Fuel is going to sing Baby Raper and Camp Concentration. I'm trying to remember who sang who. Sing what? Q is doing Horny for Little Girls. I'm horny. And what was the other one? Imagine. Imagine. That's right. Imagine. Imagine there's no... That's going to be just huge. No cover charge. So get there early and celebrate the summer kickoff with us. I love that song. Absolutely love that song. So it's at South Beach Dance Club this Thursday. 50 Broadway, Island Park, Long Island. Bring hot chicks. Because we're going to work the line and get as many girls in as possible. Okay. Starts at three, doors open at two, 21 or older. Which one? Oh God. I can't read, man. That's over the top. Over the top. What about the Mama Cass Ham Sandwich? It's not funny because... See. Oh my God. What makes it a bit funny, it's all about shootings. The NRA theme restaurant. See, that's the joke. That's why the John Benet Ramsey baby back ribs isn't funny. Please. That's why the Reverend Jim Jones fruit punch. Not a joke. The son of sandwich at the NRA Cafe. Genghis going on the gala. No, see, he goes back a little far. What about the Ferguson fries and two pock nuggets? Bit is done. Please. Bit is done. People just... Cardinal O'Connor on the con. Well, see, this one makes sense. The Rebecca Schaefer shoestring french fries. She was the chick from My Sister Sam. Of course. You all remember, huh? All right, and what else did we forget to talk about today? We talked about the Knicks, we talked about Lazio, whatever you want to call them. Yeah, of course Chuck Heston. Joseph Rhino from FoundryMusic.com. Lazio's new campaign slogan, you fill my ballot box, I'll fill yours. Okay, terrific. Yeah. The John Lennon meringue pie. It's over. It's over, Chadi. It's over. It's a Bob Crane hero. Bob Crane was bludgeoned to death. You guys gotta know your murder. Please. All right. Who is Superman? Who is Superman? Roger Reed. He shot himself, right? Superman, yes, he did. I'm just looking. And this Stacey chick kept emailing a website with her pictures on it. She's got her at 18, her at 19, and her at 22. Not bad, Stacey. Very good, look at that. Does she want to come in tomorrow? Like James at 18. That's a fan of the show? That can't be a fan of the show. That's just 23. Wait, go back to the 18. Wow. Is she a fan of the show, though? I don't know. I keep getting the instant feedback. Stacey, give us an email address or something. Oh, if Stockbroker Dave's out there, please give us a call. We definitely want you to come in tomorrow. Yeah. We're playing win Stockbroker Dave's money tomorrow. It's a brand new bid on the Open Anthony Show. We played it once and it was just a huge success, right, Anthony? Yes. Stockbroker Dave comes in with just a wad of money. Anthony says that he gave out $400 last time, right? Yeah, $400. All he wanted was a girl to make a Wiffle Ball bat disappear. She made the handle disappear, that's for sure. We marked it with a Sharpie. Now we can't play Wiffle Ball in our office anymore, but we do have the bat and I'm sure there'll be girls out there to try to set the record. But basically, how you win Stockbroker Dave's money, Anthony. Win Stockbroker Dave's money. He comes in with a wad of money. You get a chance to win my money by doing sexual things. Right. So, uh. Don't say, Jew. All ladies are invited tomorrow. Just show up at the station. What time? What time should they show up? Around four? Yeah, because Dave's got to wait for the market to close. Yeah, something called the finances of the free world. He's coming down with a bunch of his buddies. So around four o'clock, we'll get a bunch of ladies to come on in. We'll line them up and then Dave will just suggest things to do and he'll just start peeling off hundreds. Peeling off hundreds and a girl will step forward and do the thing and take home some fine money. Do the thing. That's how it works. Dude, it's not funny because the Cosby guy wasn't shy. He was? Yeah, he was. Cosby some? Yeah, he was. Okay. The Enos Cosby Crumb Cake. It's so dumb. Please. Yeah, it's dumb. Kenny, what's going on? Kenny! Yeah? Don't listen to your radio, man. That's a delay. Let's go. Oh, uh, it's the vacation where Rosie O'Donnelly took the NRA restaurant. Yeah. That's all I got. Thank God. We'd go broke if she ate there. Thank you, Kenny. The Amy Fisher Clam Special. Go ahead. Someone wants to know if old dirty will be at the road show. He's been on hiatus. Is he going to come out of retirement to join us Thursday? For this? I hope so. That would be nice. All right, Ant. This is PO. I think we've talked about everything. We talked about everything that's going on around us today. We certainly did. So why don't we take a break and come back with our favorite game. What did we learn on the Opie and Anthony Show? Correct. 212-757-1027. And action. I can't go one afternoon without spanking my junk. OK, terrific. And cut. Opie, Anthony, 1027-WNEW. Anthony, uh, Rockaway Bedding. I love my Rockaway Bedding bed. It's huge, soft, comfortable. They delivered it without any problems. That's what they do. Over 140 stores throughout New York and New Jersey, featuring brand-new mattresses. You've heard them all. And prices up to 65% below department store price. Why would you go to the department store? Just the other day, I laugh now every time I see it. I saw a minivan driving down the Bell Parkway with a mattress tied to the roof. And it was acting like, you know when you take a flight and the plane lands and those things flap up and... Sure. Yeah, it was acting like one of those. You just heard it and it was bending. Why do you want to cart the mattress home when Rockaway Bedding will deliver it free? And give you the free steel bed frame. They set it up for you. Complete removal of your old bedding. It's great. Rockaway Bedding. You can buy headboards, metal beds, futons, daybeds, electric beds, bunk beds. Anything else you need to sleep, get it at Rockaway Bedding. It's the fastest growing chain of mattress stores in New York and New Jersey. For a reason, the best price is friendly service. Free, free delivery to your home. You can shop at one of Rockaway Bedding's area stores. Or give them a call. 1-800-TRIABED. The list of people here with Rockaway Bedding mattresses. Off the hook, Opie. Jay Moore, myself, and now of course the lovely Erica and Spaz. I'm going to be added to that lesson too. Wow, that's beginning to be a crowded, crowded mattress. I need a new bed. Rockaway Bedding, give them a call. 1-800-TRIABED. Tell them Opie and Anthony sent you. Opie and Anthony. Jack, can we get these illiterates off the air please? Please, stop. If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen. 1027-WNEW. And it's time to play What Did We Learn on the Opie and Anthony Show Today. Yeah. I believe we learned a lot. Bob and Jersey will start it off, Anthony. Wow signs are being given out on Beaver and Broad Street today. You just can't make up this effing stuff. Ponderous, effing ponderous. Ponderous. That's right, we were giving away wow stickers on Beaver and Broad Street. Yep. Brian from New Rochelle, what did I learn today? Well, SI Queen's balloon knot is tighter than Anthony's with a few remaining bucks. Thank you. That's great. I learned that Staten Island Live will soon go the way of indialink.com. It's silive.com. Yes. I'm trying to get through the instant feedback but they're still coming. Oh really? Yeah. Very cool. They're still going with the theme restaurant, the NRA theme restaurant dishes. That was a fun bit today. Hey Ryan, what did you learn on the show today? What's up guys? I learned two things. First thing I learned is that you can take pictures with the invisible man at the Rochelle. That's right. Their money will be used to provide wow stickers at all pole booths. The second thing is your syndication in Bangor, Maine just got pushed back from 2042 to 2075 thanks to the NRA bet. Yeah, I think you're right. Alright, syndication when the precious visit is at the amp's grave. Later guys. Let's go to James. James, what did you learn on the show today? Hey, Owen. I learned today that if you've got a problem with wow and satan island, your chat room is going to be destroyed. Yes, that's pretty much it. Boy, the troops came through. Yeah, we finally decided to fight back. Yeah guys, I called earlier and I was on hold for a while and then Bas told me to call back tomorrow about the Earl thing. Yeah. So I'll call you guys tomorrow and I'll talk to you tomorrow. Earl is dead. Well, he's dead in our eyes. He could go on whatever radio show he wants. I don't care. Bash us. It doesn't matter us anymore. He's done. It took us 15 minutes to do his job today, by the way. 15 minutes. Thank you. All right. Bye. Bye. Something that takes him all day. It took us 15 minutes to get the wow sticker job today. You won't be seeing him at the party Thursday. What I learned today on the Opie and Anthony show, this is good. John from the city. Badge or vag will get you into the road show Thursday. Oh, very good. If you have a badge, you got a very good chance of getting into the road show Thursday. Yeah. Patrick from Jersey. Today I learned that Jeff Van Gundy said, look what I did to you again. To the heat. I learned it sucks to be the Staten Island website chat operator. Nana still loves your precious lizard from one. Let's go to Izzy. Izzy, what did you learn on the show today? Hello? Hey. What's up? What's up? You guys are big time here. So I got all my friends to play side part listening to you guys. Nice word. Here in New Jersey, play side part. All right. Thank you, man. What do you got, man? I learned that the word cute has been added to Anthony's vocabulary. Cute. And I also learned that you got the sickest listeners. We love you guys. We love you a lot. It's an indication when Anthony finds another Wendy. All right. Is it? There it is. Well, then it might not take as long as you thought. Let's go to Richie. Richie, what did you learn today? Hello? Hey. What did you learn today, Richie? I learned that girls with big beautiful breasts are uptight driving through toll booths. That seemed that way. Yeah. At least one. And the case should under big breasts. Later, guys. All right, man. Thank you. Jeremy, what did you learn on the show today? Hey, I learned a good meal at the NRA diner. There's the B-I-G-B-L-T. And the best dessert is the chocolate truff Elion Gonzalez. Why is Elion Gonzalez in there? Yeah. There was a gun to his head, doesn't that count? Yeah, that's close enough. Yeah. All right. Take care, guys. Thank you, Jeremy Marginal. Bye. We got to give the website some acknowledgement here, Anthony. Yeah? Somebody working really hard for the ONA show. We appreciate that. www.thehellhole.com. Thehellhole.com? Thehellhole.com. It's an ONA message board done by one of our listeners. I got to type it in before the delay kicks in. Thehellhole.com. I think it's linked to our unofficial site as well. Wow, there's a lot of stuff on there. Today I learned that Opie sometimes has problems swallowing his pot pie. Pete from Jersey. Wow. That was right at the beginning of the show. Thehellhole.com is a South Park site. Oh, really? Why is that? Well, it has an ONA message board section. Oh, Paulie, what's going on? Hey, guys. What's up? I learned that NBC is the home for Kitty Cameltoe. And guys, how about the Vietnam Viennese table at the NRA restaurant? We are so done with that. Take it easy, boys. Thank you, Paulie. Let's go to Kevin. Kevin, you're next on WNAW. What's up, guys? Today I learned that ONA Bits are like the New York Knicks. They refuse to go away. Yeah, I think you're right. That's good. All right, guys. I'll see you Thursday cheering on my brother, Fuel. Thank you. All right. Ah. Yeah, Fuel. Performing live at our road show Thursday. Can't wait. Hey, Precious, have a wonderful birthday tomorrow. With love, Nana. Nana. I can't wait. You're going to have so much fun. All right. I'm just waiting for them to screen the calls. Let's go to Kevin. Kevin, what did you learn on the show today? Kevin! Yeah? Hey, what's up? What's up? What'd you learn? I learned that Pac Viewing's three worst things that he did were to finger roll, to fade away, and when he let Charlton Heston out of that bamboo cage. Jesus, Kevin. Thank you, Kevin. You guys rule. All right, bye. Are we just about done? I would hope so. I can't take it anymore. Today I learned that you guys talked about everything except the Yankees banning beer from your most loyal fans. Yeah. What's that about? They're banning beer from the bleachers. What the hell is that all about? What the hell are they doing? You want us to sit there for four hours without beer? Without beer. Great. That's ridiculous. You can't take our beer away from us. They seem pretty restrained over there. They get into the game and everything, but I don't know. Sit in that section, it's a lot of fun. I've had it with people taking away the beer. They're taking away everything, Anthony. I guess there's nothing you could do about that. Who's going to get on the bandwagon to bring the beer back? You know? Who's going to? A politician is going to get, we need the beer back. And bring the beer back to the bleachers where it belongs. What's Billy Carter doing? Or is he dead? Yeah. He kicked the bucket. That platform. We need a drunk. That's why you'll never see Times Square the way it used to be. You'll never see bottomless dancing back in New York because once they take it away, there's no politician that's going to get on the bandwagon to do that. The bottomless dancer must return to this state. Doesn't happen. Everyone's saying, we can get rid of the booby dancers. That's a good point. Then you make concessions like, okay, we'll cover up the bottom. We'll put pasties on them. And then each one you give, you never get it back again. There used to be bottomless dancing in New York. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah, that's right. John from Union, New Jersey. Today I learned that September 14th was the day that Anthony was reborn. Oh, yeah. Are we done? We should be done. It's over, Jenny. Jay Moore checking in. Really? This can't be the real Jay Moore. I wouldn't think so. Today I learned that if there's a bit worth doing, it's a bit worth killing with a big gun. Dan from New York City. Trisha, what's up? Hey, I learned today that I can make money by learning how to swallow a Whipple Bowl back. Swallow? Oh, no, dear. Has nothing to do with swallowing. Oh, no. You've got to make it disappear. Yeah, well, sucking it in. I didn't know what proper words I could use. No, no, no. You're making it sound like the mouth is involved. No. The mouth has nothing to do with it. But there's lips, right? Very good. Be careful, they're going to dump out of you. Now you're talking. That's not what we're doing tomorrow to win stockbroker Dave's money, by the way. Oh, well, I think it would be a good part-time job. Dave is coming up with a brand new thing for the ladies to do to win his big wad of cash. To win my money. If there's ladies out there that are desperate for cash, be around the station around 4 o'clock. We'll invite you in here. Oh, definitely. We'll line you up and we'll see how much money it's going to take to do something that Dave has in mind, okay? Okay. And since syndication hasn't happened, we'll just push for a fornication. All right, very good. All right. All right. Thank you, Tricia. Bye-bye. Bye. Bye-bye. Are we still done? Yeah. No, we're done. Great. Okay. Yeah, we're definitely done. Guys, thanks for listening today. It was fun. A lot of fun. We'll see you tomorrow for my birthday. Yeah. How about that? Opie's B day tomorrow. God, no hookers tomorrow, man. God, I wrecked my birthday last year. I want to touch it. None of that. I want to touch it. Let me see it. Take it out, puppy. I want to touch it. Just remember, for your birthday this year, I'm on your side. I made sure you had a very good time. I had nothing to do with planning the thing, but I made sure it didn't go too far. I had a fun birthday. So help me out tomorrow. All dirty with the beads last year with the girl. Well, that was fun to check out. It was just the hookers that wanted to touch it. I want to touch it. Let me see it. I want to touch it. Puppy. I want to touch it. Fantastic. Den's from Long Island. It might be Denise. I don't know. I learned the less that Spaz participates in the show, the better the show is. Yeah. I don't know. A lot of people like the Spaz stuff. We got to go to Steve Ben this show. As you know, we're doing the Roadshow Thursday. Steve, what did you learn on the show today? Well, I learned today that I guess Friday's going to be a best of Opie and Anthony. Bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. Yeah, you deserve it. Long weekend for the boys after the Roadshow. That's it. You deserve it. You're right, Steve. Thank you. Take care. Very observant, our listeners, Anthony. Yes. Roadshow Thursday. Very excited. We'll give more details tomorrow, OK? Mm-hmm. Hey, guys. Thanks for listening. We definitely appreciate that. You want to give out Warped Tour tickets as we leave here? A lot of time. All right. Winner receives a pair of tickets to the Warped Tour 2000 featuring Green Day, the Mighty Mighty Boss Stones, and the Long Island Beach Dub All-Stars at... Huh? At the Randall's Island Succum Meadow Saturday, July 15th. Tickets are on sale now through Ticketmaster. 10th caller gets a pair. 212-757-1027. See you guys tomorrow.