 You guys can come play piss me off, okay? One oh two seven WNEW Are we ready to broadcast today and today hell yeah I'm gonna crush him with my big fat beer belly. Oh hell yeah You want to seven five seven one oh two seven is our phone line It's the opiate Anthony show gonna open up a can of vanilla frosting on your ass and eat it get bigger and fatter Stone cold hey, what's up, man? What is up? What is it up Anthony say hi to my boys at Apollo air conditioning? So much of six-degree Anthony yeah, see you know I remember my roots and the ten knocking trade I saw we were leaving lunch. I saw one of the Apollo trucks figured I'd uh you know talk to the guy couldn't find them If that were me I'd probably be at at the booby bar I Should have looked there It was pretty funny cuz I was walking back from lunch with our boss Ken And you went off to find the Apollo guys and Ken's like I thought that was all a joke You mean that was real like Anthony went right from air conditioning right into being a radio star I'm like yeah, believe or not. There was no real in between now One minute he's installing air conditioners and the next he's giving out autographs and yeah, how about good old time? Yeah, occasionally still on this street. It's like hey Anthony like haha. They must listen to the show Hey, could you come by and put another? Outlet in in my living room It's getting a little warm Call the guy Yeah, I said hi to Tom and Tony how you doing there you go? Ah Steve what's going on? How did that Rick incident end yesterday? What Rick incident? the Supposed pictures on the website and the yellow me out of that's oh, I know how did that how did that end well? Let's say let's get Rick in to talk about it. Oh Rick's not here. Let's ask Rick Rick Hello hey Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick Rick No, Rick Alright, Steve. Thanks for the call. No problem We had a great time last night. We should start with that Anthony Wow Yeah, a huge staff party last night over at La Barba kind of a rating slash get to know everyone type of party Yeah, I think it was the first time all the All the new programs were together in one room Uh-huh and everyone got along which we have which was amazing well add alcohol and you know everybody gets along yeah Some of the funniest radio. I think I ever heard was a Ron and Fez last night After the party some of the drunks stumbled back into the studio and went on the air Gary plumb man. Oh my god I was driving home the straight-laced Gary blow. We're listening to Ron and Fez and Gary Blum and Chuck from the chick show we're in here smashed Blum was talking and I swear to God it was coming out like I did a double take on my radio. Yeah, then they had dr. Demento on and Gary's like trying to talk to him. He's got yeah, I remember you dr. Menendez Oh Memento many 22 years ago He's going into the story when he used to sell for KTU when it was disco 92 and they made money hand over the fist and Oh my god. What are they doing? Yeah, so after an hour I guess they started from what Ron and Fez said they started sobering up and realized they were destroying their show So they left weren't you pranking the show last night, dude? I was five callers last night on the Ron and Fez show and they didn't know it was you. No, they kept hanging up on me I told people to avoid having the radio on when Gary Blum's talking because I think that was enough to give you a dewy if You had him on your radio They would have hauled you in just by having a drunk that drunk on the air. He's so straight-laced during the day, too That's what makes that funny. Oh my god. I didn't I didn't think he had it in him to get that Liggett up I kept putting on different voices. I'm getting past their screeners. It was pretty fun. That is fun Hey, we're spaz because spaz missed the the party last night Spaz Hey spaz spaz misses all the parties grab that mic over there so we can take a look at you Spaz spaz we've discussed this on our show In the last few weeks or so you want to get closer to everybody Yes, you want to get closer to myself you want to get closer to Anthony you want to get to know us outside the station Right. Yes and get closer to management and closer to everyone that works here at any w yeah, a good suck-up opi is somebody who goes to management and Kisses some ass. There was a lot of ass kissing last night You gotta have the ass in front of you to kiss it right and and spaz keeps Missing these events without the bosses, right? What do you think Ken Stevens and Jeremy go to everything? No, you why'd you blow us off? This was an important part of your career I think and bring stinky in by the way networking opportunity stinky, of course spaz is clone stinky was there Once again stinky on the beers. I got I love this kid Every friggin two seconds Anthony you want a beer you want a beer? He's the he's a guy knows how to kiss some ass he is the man and stinky officially a spaz is employee Yeah, um and Stinky made the party spaz did not not only did stinky make the party. Let me tell you something Once you let stinky tell everyone Anthony, how was your how was the party last night stinky? It was very fun You like talking with everybody mingling. Yeah, you even got to min mingle with the head boss Ken Stevens Let me tell you something Stinky and Ken Stevens. I thought they were gonna just go out to one of the strip joints after the party They were really they were talking they were getting along We got we got pictures of stinky with his arm around Ken arm around Ken holding beers and beers other pictures of them Just camp a conversation just casually talking How do you feel spaz your employee is now closer to the big boss than you could have been you? Could have been you little angry last night was a great opportunity to kiss some serious ass It's called networking. It's called like schmoozing and and you you missed it. I couldn't go stinky was right there though picking up your slack Talking with Ken Steve Ken Stevens the GM. Did you talk about me? No Here's our boss Ken Ken Stevens are you doing Ken the one that has turned this place around? Yes now Ken Did you enjoy your time with stinky last night? Oh, we had a great time. Yeah The Beers were popping all of a sudden you guys are talking if I didn't have to go back to the hotel We were going out saying And that spaz for some reason couldn't make it now as a boss When you see something like that as somebody who really wants to get close to management and they don't show up What is that? How does that come off to you? Well, you know you look around and you kind of see who's there and who's not Who's into it and who's like got better things to do right they notice they notice these things back have a list Yeah, see I'm a very good reason. Yeah, but look stinky and Ken are standing next to each other They're not a do you think there's a more important thing in your life right now Then your career that you're trying to build here And do you think that that meeting the boss and hanging in a social event like that isn't probably the most important thing You could probably given him the finger last night like you did like a Jeremy That's how loose everyone was last night. I had a very good reason Here's a guy that runs three or four stations for this company. He had to be somewhere last night You want to get here with the company? That's your man. Yeah, I was kind of looking forward to it. See all Spaz did you f up this time? Spaz do apologize to us apologize to Kenny's right in the studio. Mr. Stevens. I Apologize for not being there last night. It's not a problem. I have very good legitimate reason Maybe have a chat get to know me better, but I just had a very good reason last night for not being that listen It wasn't a command performance. You don't have to be there. Sure. No, it's funny though. He did take no other parties He did take no, no, it's funny spaz. You still have to call. Mr. Stevens. Thank you. Say hi to Ken It's Ken it's Ken your employee gets to call him Ken I even said hi to him in the hallway today really I'm sure he gave you a fun little hi. Hello. How you doing made eye contact everything with your I say I've spaz did you say hi to Ken today when you saw him? No, we kind of walked by each other The invisible spaz So when you think is gonna be the next opportunity where you're gonna be able to bond with the big boss I hope very soon. Mr. Stevens I'm sure we'll have an opportunity There'll be other parties. Yes. Yeah, I hope so. Thank you. Would you like to say goodbye to Ken? He's he's leaving to go work on another radio station for the company. Have a good day, Ken Ken This is the guy that works for you you call the boss, mr. Stevens, it's Ken to Stanky I'm sure in a while. It's probably just gonna be a Kenny. You know, hey Kenny Kenny Kenny But and then before you know it, you know when you really get palsy with somebody you just call him like a UA Hall Right, I mean, you know you drink and having fun and in the meantime, you'll be like, hello, mr. Stevens Stevens and Stanky will be like Meeting with me with them Stinky to arrange a meeting think he is a young man think he's networking spaz get to know working He's getting to know and I even thinking I shared a moment last night talking a little bit about each other's careers And what we do outside the station. He's easy setting himself up perfectly to take over for you bring in beers over Don't tell me you're setting them up to take over me never know You never know man, you think you can't do that's your ball. I think your priorities are a little f-ed up spaz I had a very good reason you couldn't put that off Know it Maybe today you could have done it this morning. No, because then I would have been late for work All right, we miss the great outside Well, you know you if you prioritize the prioritize things and and you put that in front of your career That's fine, I had to get my stuff out of the u-haul I Didn't want to be sitting there anymore. I got a sign. I had to sign the lease last You couldn't drop in for a little bit. It was technically only until nine o'clock We hung out later, but to make an appearance say hello, and then you leave and do what you got to do Oh, you might be up a little later doing that but I think it was important But the guy wasn't gonna stay up late for me to sign the lease. I had a sign lease at 8 o'clock That's all right. Well now you don't get the hang with Ken now you have your place your lease is signed and Think he's calling the boss Ken. Who's the only one in this studio? That's not allowed to call him Ken Spaz Spaz come on. That's wrong All you had to do is show up there and then you broke the the ice there and that was the opportunity you were looking for That's the opportunity you were crying about you could you were trying to? Rig some way where you can go out with Ken and drink a beer that ain't gonna happen these opportunities don't come around Every day and there was one place right in front of you last night And you didn't take advantage of it, but stinky dead you got he was right in there You got to take advantage too cuz that night met the the big big big big big big boss Yeah, the boss that is all over the media today. Oh, yeah, we weren't gonna tell him we didn't we had better things better things to do Oh my god, were you crazy you you scoop those opportunities up you put everything else aside We've had him two years ago haven't seen him since By our choice That's somebody else's decision I'm just saying I mean not a sight out of mind right out right When's the next chance you're gonna be able to hang with Ken could be much sooner than it happens soon He's flying off to Philly, Vegas He's not gonna be around for a week now, he's a huge huge person in this company You have an opportunity of a lifetime that somebody so big in in this company Stinky how long did it take for you to start calling? Mr. Stevens Ken last night almost instantaneously And within ten minutes he had his arm around my shoulder Oh, yeah, adding oh, it was like some kind of chemistry there. Yeah, we took pictures I'll tell you spaz wait till you see these pictures I don't want to see them of stinky and and his buddy Ken and his buddy hanging out the boss hanging hanging out drinking beers like like the pictures are if you would have just gone into a bar with your friends and Hung out and snap some pictures. That's how natural it was Don't hold it against thinking he's doing what you should be doing I had to sign the lease More important is not that important if that's 14 inch you all back Think he's just a little hungrier than you that's all that's what it looks like. I'll tell you that that's what it looks like Thank you. Do you let me ask? Thank you something. Do you even have to be here today? No, I do not Oh my god, he he works for free and comes in on his days off I did that too when I was an intern. He made sure he went and partied with the gang got to know the boss He's doing everything right That's not I bust my ass I'm just saying I'm just as hungry as him if not more Steve. What's going on? Steve on the phone line Steve Ella are we gonna start this today? No, no. Oh, no, oh, please relax. Hey, yeah All right. There you are. How are you buddy? What's going on? Sorry about that. All right, so what do you got? I was like thinking myself. Yeah, I worked for a guy one of my bosses I was on the job for two weeks his father passed away. Yeah, I want to the funeral I didn't even know the guy and I went to the funeral look at that. I answered that I was in like Flynn Guy took me out to dinner to tiny restaurants. I mean I was I kicked the boss's ass I was in or for three guys for three years and I was he treated me like gold say there you go You got a work. You saw the opportunity Writing and it worked out for you. I got a company car out of me It's gonna come a day you're gonna have to go to Ken and ask for maybe more money or something He's not even gonna know who you are. I think he's gonna be known as the go-getter guy the guy that's there He's Johnny on the spot. You're gonna be excuse guy the guy with the excuses as to why you couldn't do this or be here Or something. That's not an excuse It was I had to do this regardless of what the actual facts are This is how you will be perceived by the boss. You saw you so he takes note of it. He's the boss He's like he looks around you might not think he does but he looks around You know exactly who was there and who wasn't yep How did how did he acknowledge you when he was leaving the studio just now? He didn't know Did he not at us think you on the way out he did there you go little not a little wave There you go, there you go. Do you have your Boy Scout uniform today? Yeah, where is that? It's in the back I can't wait to buy lessons. We have a great show today. Oh, yeah lots of stories to tell from last night We're gonna be handing out Wow stickers up Staten Island. We finally made it to Staten Island the radio show goes to Staten Island today We're all going to the Staten Island mall. Oh god. Oh, no. Oh my god. Did he leave four hours ago? He left right at two a little rough to get to yeah. All right. Yeah, Earl call in We want to we want to know how close you are to the mall One good thing it is an island. So when he gets to water, he knows he's got to turn around right? He can't just keep going. Oh god Well, this is the first time our show is made at the Staten Island Anthony. Yeah. Yeah, it's in the way of Earl But but he does have the brand-new Wow stickers will be handing out for a few hours at the Staten Island mall We have audio of Earl in the van trying to find the Staten Island mall That's Earl gets a little freaked out when he has to go find some all I'm playing blustered at the wheel trying to find his destination. Yeah. All right, so Staten Island We're coming today Staten Island mall Earl will be there with the Wow van and a ton of Wow stickers So we got that going on in Staten Island outside the station today Spaz will be dressed in a Boy Scout uniform Do it. Did we make up the sign yet? No No, someone's going to make up a sign that says abuse me for five bucks All you have to do is show up outside the Brooklyn Diner 57th and seventh will be out there spaz will be in his Boy Scout uniform with a sign you hand over your five bucks to Ben and You get to say whatever whatever you want to spaz just be raided. It's well worth it. Yeah take y'all out all your aggression On spaz spaz. Could you get dressed in your little Boy Scout uniform? Yeah, let's see how this looks a little photo shoot Yeah, we're gonna we're gonna we're gonna take a break You got like six or seven minutes to get into that damn boy scout uniform and we'll talk to you next Okay, there goes spaz to get his little boy scout uniform on please join us 57th and seventh with your money We'll be filming it for the unofficial opium Anthony website as well. Okay, okay, and we got to take our first break We'll be back our phone number two one two seven five seven one. Oh two seven It was like somebody pouring hot wax in your ears until your brain is completely gone the opium Anthony show Seven Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven is our phone line the back line two one two nine five seven nine three nine We have Steve from the unofficial opium Anthony website in the studio. Yeah filming Spaz as people yell and scream at him outside the studio today 57th will be out there at four o'clock And a lot of people got to see the the pictures of the pilot that that wrote wow all over Manhattan yesterday Yeah, oh, yeah So far you got some pretty good pictures of it on the website Decent ones I you know I'm still waiting for someone who might have been directly under it to get like a really crisp shot whoever shot the ones that are on there looks like they were maybe in New Jersey or Staten Island maybe because it's You know kind of an extreme angle, right? So it's you can tell it says wow one of the W's is definitely fading out But you can definitely tell that it definitely happened. I mean, oh, it was very foul I was there really thousands of people were looking up in the sky yesterday. We pulled off a Fast one yesterday, huh? Must have been really windy up there Well, we'll get him on a nice day where the winds aloft aren't that that heavy and right the wow will last longer, right? but there's some pretty good pictures on foundry music comm and You have the hot white picks the hot wax pictures from yesterday show It looks like they've been emailed to me. I was out all morning in Staten Island the Bronx Brooklyn getting lost But once once I get home this evening, I they will be up on the same very good I sold pictures are pretty pretty awesome. Yeah to say the least I can't wait for you guys to check that out as well. And that's one of the girls of the girls of O&A, right? Yeah, Shannon I actually was gonna wanted to bring her in here a couple months ago And I guess at the time you had just had Anna Maul on and a couple other people and you're like enough with the porno chick We're always saying no to the porno. So yeah, it's a little much so I called her I said, yeah You know, maybe now's not a good time, but I heard her yesterday I was like that and got her and from top-notch So so that's cool And I knew you guys were gonna dig it because I've seen she had given me a my week-long membership to her website And I saw some of those pictures with her and the other girls. Yes. Yeah, and she'll do she'll do anything Yeah, I know the stuff she was doing for us. We can't even describe on the radio Let's just put it this way when she was on her belly. She gave us a nice large Target yes, it's a poor wax on true. It was large or in I should say Yeah, it was over over. Let's say just over the area large inviting opening to and are we continuing the girls of ONA? Contest on your website. Absolutely. There's we don't really talk about it much, but it's starting to it's starting to become a pretty cool thing at first We Yeah, we actually Steve started the girls of ONA the girls send in some you know real hot sexy pictures of themselves And at first it was it was pretty ugly I'm not gonna lie yet Yeah, but it seems to be getting better that whole contest on your Side was kind of a livestock show at first, but it got a little better Yeah, so ladies if you want to send in your picture what what's up for grabs this month? And from top-notch has stated that he will supply me with Something that is bigger than a bread box and of it and a hell of a lot more expensive whatever that entails I have no idea, but it's been a vacation the last couple times The pictures are coming in what I'm waiting for is a few consent forms to be sent in but the pictures are coming in So ladies, please I encourage you have Have someone take some photos of you in a revealing but not terribly revealing fashion and send them off We live on the site, okay, very good foundry music comm Steve doing a great job with that website Yeah, we'll get to talk to him often because we're all so freaking busy All right, we're spaz. We got to check out his Boy Scout uniform. You should be in it by now. I'm yet Brian What's going on? If you say abuse bad five bucks, you're gonna have a mob outside trying to kill him No, yeah, you guys gotta be cool. You can say whatever you want to him, but you can't get no physical crap Yeah, you got to make sure it's verbal abuse only yeah, I mean you guys great job guys You guys can be pretty brutal with the verbal, you know abuse. So yeah, let's let it rip. Let's just keep it at that, please Well, we can't do this Let's go to Donna. I Donna what's going on today? Oh, hi. I'm just wondering when you guys are coming to Connecticut We're gonna hit everywhere today is Staten Island We're gonna be at the Staten Island mall with the brand new out stickers and hopefully sometime next week We'll get to Connecticut and how far up you're gonna go? Honestly, not too far, you know within an hour's commute of the city All right. All right. All right. We'll see you then. All right, cool. Bye. Bye hmm, yeah Earl on his way, I guess He was supposed to call in I'm a little worried but all right Frank what's going on? What's up? I want a man. Hey guys doing good. Go someone get spaz I'm just wasting time with the phones until he comes walking in here. Yeah, listen up. Yeah I was up in the Bronx yesterday I drive track the trail and I was walking down the street all Spanish people up there You know, they're pointing up in the air at the Wow and they didn't know what it was I stopped and talked to this guy with his two kids and I'm telling them what it is and they all start cheering and everything So you got some new listeners coming in? Oh, that's great. Yeah, you guys get your Statue of Liberty We're gonna try to get a wow on the Statue of Liberty. No, no, I gave him to what's his name? Psycho mark over at Mulcahy. Oh the Statue of Liberty license plates, right? I know who you are. Cool, man Yeah, you got them. No, I'll get more to you. All right, Frank. Bye No, we're trying to get a wow on the Statue of Liberty That would be a huge coup and then the ultimate Wow in space Wow in space. We want one on the spaceship Yes My god, look at you. You gotta be kidding me. Looky. He actually fits in it. Wait, let me see The shorts on his nose only got the long pan I can only see from like your your chest up here I'm a belt buckle. All right, so what do you call this uniform? You look you look completely pathetic what's the arrow thing wait get on a mic Spaz Spaz has his Boy Scout uniform on he's gonna be outside soon to get it to get let me see what your name text has come here Kevin okay assistant scout master troop 241 and then there's a you might yeah wrench Reniqua the Bronx lodge for New York. There you go. You might want to cover up your last name there Hey, I see you got a lot of patches on your uniform spaz. Yeah, what are what are those me? What are the what are all the patches help us out here? I Point to them and tell us what they are. It's well one of them is because I I Earned the poly food the poly good day of award the Day award It's I think it's called the poly good day Poly you date whatever that's It's a religious award. It's a religious award and what you have to do to get that award I had to do all this religious stuff There's a long time ago. I forgot what I had to do Okay What are some of the other patches? This other patches for I got light of the arrow something like that when I was a wee blow Weed blow That should be our promo we blow Where we blows and and the other one? I believe it's because I've achieved Eagle Scout Wow And what about all the patches on the saw on your shoulders and stuff? What's that my assistant Scoutmaster patch assistant Scoutmaster, okay, you're the assistant to the assistant manager at the movie theater I've earned 22 merit badges, but I can't find those at the moment. All right 22 merit badges. Yes anything Wow Anything important? Yeah, my first aid mammals environmental science mammals. How do you win? A merit badge in mammals, that's what you call your dates Realize and what did you have to do to get a mammal? I just had to learn about squirrels and stuff. I got the basket weaving our badge in one day I just had to weave a basket Even you learn that at the asylum. Don't you spaz you you realize you look completely ridiculous in this uniform Was there a day you were proud to put this uniform on I still am I'm a boy scout true and blue and Probably when I put this uniform on do you have a saluted dictatorian badge? Ben just comes in with the camera. Give me a jackass everyone is taking pictures of you Wow, look at you broad shoulders. He's very proud in that uniform. You think he was a goddamn Marine Yeah, the way he's in that uniform even or the wilderness survival merit badge and how did you earn that? I had to spend one night with just a pocket knife in this in the wilderness in the wilderness of where? Of the brother where was the boys got camp? Yeah, I it's in Kittitini mountains The Kittitini mountains Kinnity mountains Kiddy kitty kitty mountains The Kittitini mountains, it's near the day today. Can it any kid? Can it any can it? Yeah Kinnity They want to know if you have a Mosquito And they have the great mosquito Badger I am a mosquito bad. I have an insect merit badge. You have an insect merit badge. Where's that one? I it's it's all the merit badges are home. Yes, of course. What else do you have on your uniform? Uh, this is what's the sash all about? This is the big arrow sash I'm in an elite boy scout group called the order of the arrow Oh, yeah, the few the proud the stupid coming in on instant feedback. You're part of the elites elite boy scouts Yes, and what do the elite boy scouts do? Okay, there's some kind of uprising You guys are called to remember the elite guard sure that Saddam Hussein had. Yeah. All right They didn't even have matching uniforms. Yeah. Thank you Sam Kittison Dad come a special group of scouts called the order of the arrow where there are four levels up to it I believe vigil brotherhood. All right. All right, so you made elites elite. So what is that entitled you to? Yeah broads what Special group what we do is just attend meetings Special all right and when you walked into like a troop and they saw the elite coming where everyone all freaked out like wow It's a symbol of the only boy scouts are here. Yeah Oh Here they come a symbol of authority looking like that. I Was I was then leader I was I was all these types of leaderships and people were under my command I know they all retards were they all they you were commanding people I once had to command of 25 scouts and how old were they? They were all like 13 14 years old and I was a cub scout. Yeah, and I thought all scout leaders were were gay Yes, I gotta be honest cuz then you got the old old like fathers with the bellies and the shorts I loved it. I have my buttocks bad right here. My young boy buttocks bad. Oh dear Interesting very interesting. All right, anything else you could tell us about your little outfit there What would you command them to do I Basically, I I've been on Hunting in hundreds of camping trips. So I would tell them okay, you're gonna get the firewood You're gonna do the cooking you're gonna do the KP duty All right, I don't want to be honest and what would happen if they didn't do that Would you all just us, you know starve to death? No, they would be reprimanded and did all of their subordinates How would you reprimand one of these little all yeah pull their little pants down and spank? Oh, give my little spanking with a twitch and that hairless ass You put them over your knee and you're bad with it. What does it call it? Switch a switch. Yes, as they wouldn't participate in canteen at the end of the night. Oh Well, that's got to be tragic for or the campfire. They wouldn't participate in skits The skits wait you put on little shows. I was the MC of Ten to fifteen skits, why don't they allow gay scout leaders because it sounds like the gayest thing Little skits around the fire naked. No, not me. I would have little intermissions and stuff to little intermissions But you roast the marshmallows and all that. Yes, we did make s'mores. Yes, we did. We made s'mores. You have a s'mores badge That arrow sash is really that's really good that's really really good We also got his home up with a capital H We have to make sure that it's metal on metal with the belt What do you mean if we have it we get inspection every week during the meetings? Yeah, they're an inspection that I inspect your genitals You can't wear white socks and wearing white socks today, but you also have that metal on metal if you don't have metal on metal with the belt Yeah Expect you next inspection Alright so are you psyched for today as fast as a big day for you your forty seven thousand dollars in debt Yes, and people will pay five dollars to say whatever they want to you for how long are you gonna be able to hold up? It depends on you if you want to make a lot of money You should do it for a long time if you can't take it if you're gonna run away I mean you're you're the you're part of the elite Boy Scout that they can take a lot of abuse No, but I mean for how long per person? I think we figure out like 30 seconds or so. Yeah. Yeah I can take this so much you get a stopwatch because I know some of our Listeners are gonna want to keep going because of that pissed at you Look everyone's taking a peek. Yeah, bring char in real fast. Char dear. God is he wearing white socks? Char he is what do you think of your your pal spaz? A man in uniform In a kid's uniform and people are already bringing money into the studio. Thank you Chuck from the radio chick show Yeah, there we go Chuck used to be a part of our show, but now that he's with the radio chick I guess he doesn't want to talk on our show anymore I've never seen a boy scout. I thought they were blue for some reason. Yeah. Well, this is the he's a part of the elite Boy Scouts Char Everyone is laughing at you spaz What do you think? I know he he sticks his chest out to show Char how proud he is of his uniform proud scout You're standing at attention now. That's what that's called. All right, you're at ease now at ease Okay paramilitary organization That's great. All right, spaz You're gonna be able to take the abuse today, right? I'm pretty sure we don't have to worry about you, right? No, I will not go postal as do you have is there some kind of pledge or something that you know by heart? Yes, it all. All right. Let me hear the boy scout oath has done by says if I can remember this He puts his three fingers up look he's doing it get a picture and do any other Unbelievable. He's got his three fingers up in the air I would do my best to do my duty to God of my country to obey the Scout law to help other people at all times To keep myself physically strong mentally awake and morally straight You failed And if you want me to put the sign down you have to say to My that that's the To means put some If we don't say that then you're gonna have to keep your hand up the whole time What you would do is you would just say signs up so I do signs up signs up Then I can't put it down to you say to what does to mean means put it down. Why why that's just boy scout way To to to to to to ponders F in ponderous To all right, it's bad. Hi We're ready for you outside four o'clock is when you'll be leaving the building Who's making the sign people just lose it. You got to see this freaking uniform We got pictures for the under the the unofficial opiate of the website a rat would you get that out of the hamper? Yeah Psycho mark you make the sign Psycho mark would be very he'll be very good at making the sign people want to know if you'll be like, you know Helping old ladies cross the street and stuff always you'll have some good days on the studio if anyone has an old lady friend They they would like to bring down to the festivities today at four o'clock outside the station. Please do that We want spaz to walk an old lady across the street Spaz what good deeds have you done? Yeah any other That you've done I hope ladies with packages. Oh, yeah Family members out a lot. Yeah Because they're the two months the slogan is do good turn daily and the motto is be prepared Be prepared prepared. All right That'll be so funny if you just haven't parade an old lady across the street like 50 times Yeah, we need to get you on film walking an old lady across the street You should find a few over there at the hard rock or something. Just like cross the street with old ladies Yam back from over here Does have a myrrd badge and career suicide yet? All right Spaz we just need the sign and you're ready to go. Okay. I hope a lot of people come to see you and pay the five bucks to yell at you I don't know who's gonna have the heart to yell at him with with how he looks Anthony our listeners, please Well, we're specific uniform you want to like I have like a like a code word so we know you've had enough Okay What's your code word? What's your code word You guys choose it idiot, okay if you yell idiot then you've had enough Yes, and we have to get you out of there because it's gonna be ugly out there. I'm telling you right now Okay. All right No hitting no no hitting I mean figuratively So we have a few we have a few bodyguards actually because we really don't trust you guys today with spaz There's a lot of people have been pissed at you for many many months my friend anyone lays a hand on him First of all Steve unofficial Steve is huge and will but like pummel you with itself. Yeah, that wouldn't be cool No, it's a fine everybody understand big Kevin's here. Yes, big Kevin will help help you out spaz that he's your friend today The shaking hands. Thank you. All right is that psycho mark working on the side Stinkies that your your employees gonna be writing the silly sign for you. Thank you stinky. All right, and we gotta take a break We're 40 minutes away from going outside to Get people to yell at spaz. Okay. Yeah, you got to come by just to see this stupid freaking uniform man Yeah, the uniforms are really silly You should have shaved though or something man, yeah, you kind of look like You're a goddamn disgrace right what's that on your uniform a Uniform We got to take a break we'll be back stay there phone number two one two seven five seven one Oh two seven four P and Anthony 27 WNEW and You any time out New York? Yeah weekend almost upon us. The weather's great people looking for things to do What should they do Anthony? What should they do go to a newsstand and get time out New York the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment This is what you got to do. You're gonna be in New York. You want something cold something hip something fun to do Time out New York will be your guide Pick up a copy this week's time out New York find out how to maximize your small space with our annual guide to home design Once again, Opie. It's our annual guide to home design. I heard you there Yes with time out New York's annual guide to home design if I could scratch that out, please The roundup includes everything from organizing your closets to a recommended renovation retailers Spash you'd get it how to maximize your small small space. There you go Don't miss checking out how time out New York's sex spurt Answers a sex in the city obsessed reader who thought one night stands in New York would be easy to come by And the question where is all the casual sex in New York? That's on the Opie and Anthony show I Get time out New York just for that. Yeah, find out where you can find some good Quim the cool thing to check out the magazine every week for time out New York's top hundred restaurant picks and more More than a thousand things to do with your free time. No reason to stand around New York go with your friends go What do you want to do? Yeah, it's on every newsstand. It's time out New York is a very good magazine for a subscription call one eight eight one eight eight eight get to New York That's one eight eight eight get to NY time out New York the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment get it and get out We're still stupid. That's what it takes to get good ratings. We'll continue being stupid You don't make exactly that as nightstick the Opie and Anthony show Theater To one two seven five seven one oh two seven if you have something for the show today This guy in the line that was a Eagle Scout with spaz John what's going on Hey, John. Hey guys, what's up? How are you buddy? All right, how's it going? Good. Let me tell you something man Spaz is not telling you the truth. I Can't even tell you what we used to do him. Oh, you really were an Eagle Scout with spaz. Oh, yeah What did you used to do it all back in the e4? Let me tell you something we used to go to camp trips man Uh-huh, and then they taste him he used to be the biggest fool He's the only person and the only kid that acted serious about it Well, he's very serious about we get out by him standing there in his little Eagle Scout uniform that he's very proud to To wear the uniform I mean as a kid growing up it was like it was the end thing to do but he just totally went overboard with it Yeah Totally. I mean you guys see the way you still actually still most words and stuff. I can't believe it Well spaz you want to talk to a fellow Eagle Scout dude in 84. I was seven years old That was barely in Cub Scouts to just join I never even been on a camp a trip at 84 and it's not going on till 86 84 is when you first started yeah, I didn't go on any camping trips, dude. I was just a seven-year-old Cub Scout Please just tell them the truth that seven-year-old that's when it started That was your first year. Oh, maybe maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I'm a year off. It was what eight 245 all right Well, thank you spaz doesn't have time for you. He's walking away. Okay, whatever spaz. You just got this by spaz He wants that no no no Thank you. Take care guys. Bye. Let's uh check you with Jeff Norris friend of the show Jeff What do you have going on today, man? I'll be Anthony. How are we? well As everyone is happy Ryan that Wow season is upon us Ah, yes, and all the wonderful things that everything happens with the stage from you guys I got a phone call today from a gentleman by the name of Vinnie Brandt who is the owner and founder of the stress factory in New Brunswick and he is big fan of you guys loves He said ever since you guys can plug in the guest of the community that been on the show He wants to do something for all my listeners tonight All right, and what's that Jeff? Well what it is tonight is Kevin James No, no, Kevin James from King of Queens over there tonight Any girl who wows the first girl that wows tonight? It's a special gift and if you mention ONA and how much you love them for another show Eight o'clock show come on down to stress factory Kevin James not selling tickets I guess I don't know empty cases guys needed our help to sell tickets for Kevin James that big TV sitcom star Why does he come on our show? If you guys want we could produce them. We got we got out on George up there I saw Kevin James on a few TV shows. He didn't really He's nice guy in all but no have fun tonight at the stress factor Jeff. Thank you, John. All right, man. See you soon. All right, bye What are you laughing at that's a rousing and David what's going on? Hey, man. I just want to let you guys know black girl is on Staten Island I just passed him on the highway. Do you really die a girl? Yeah, is he heading in the right direction for the Staten Island? Direction I'm prepared to guide him if he gets lost and how far is he from the Staten Island mall? Well, we're stuck in traffic. So I'd say about maybe 15 20 minutes maybe that means Earl will be late once again Yeah, I will bet anyone that he does not make it to the Staten Island mall by 4 o'clock. That's when he's supposed to be there I'll make sure he gets there on time. All right, David. Thank you Bye Earl freaking out in the van. I see Anthony once again but if you want to buy the brand new Wow sticker go to the Staten Island mall look for the The Wow mobile with black and Earl. Mm-hmm. All right, and in about 20 minutes we're heading outside for the spaz thing Yeah, he's in the Eagle Scout uniform We have made the sign and you got a chance to say whatever the hell you want to spaz for five bucks Yeah, it should be funny. I think he was the one who made the sign Anthony's holding it in his hand It says insult me for five dollars. There you go. Very good. Thank you All right We got to get some good deeds. I can't wait to see him actually help an old lady across the street Yeah, what other deeds can we make him do out there? Someone's definitely got to produce an old lady for spaz to walk across the street hmm Got a couple of rocks you could bang together make a fire As if you can make a fire if you knows how to make a fire without matches Spaz spaz come here Spaz do you know how to make a fire without matches? Yes, I do you do and you've done this before Once what do you need to do to make this happen a lighter? It's not matches No, you need two rocks and I will you just empty your head or And anywhere between two to four sticks two to four so two to four so I'm gonna tell someone to come downstairs with that I want to see you try to start a fire start a fire with rocks. I can't see you're part of the elite Boy scouts usually have to start a fire easy easily, right? Yeah, it's you're in the woods with all your tiny little cub scouts and you need a warm fire You could you could produce right spaz? It's called the flint and stone effect the flint stone effect No, the flint and stone The flint stone effect Okay, that's right Barney That's right Barney Fake Fred yes All right. Did you also somebody asked with the arrow thingy out there? Do you have an Indian name? I Was given one. Yes, I Figured out what it was you forgot what your name was name I forgot it was given to me with their the ceremony of this my son broken rubber They give us some silly Indian nickname, but they never tell us what the English version of it is it translates to look at that spaz That's the Indian version of spats Idiot man child I wish you would remember your Indian name we could call you that That a spaz should have been my boy scout I get has it and our listeners on top of the game all the time here Danielle has done some math. Okay in order for spaz to to earn $47,000 yes his debt his debt. He needs to be insulted by 9400 people 9400 people assuming each person gets 30 seconds to insult him. It would take 4,700 minutes insult him or about 79 hours straight That ain't gonna work is it For quite a while What a mess One guy can't make it today was use a credit card Joel, what's up? Hey guys, how you doing? Oh, yeah, I can't make and I work up in White Plains in Westchester I would love to do this. Can you take a credit card over the phone? You know, maybe like a surround sound system so it echoes through the streets Yeah, it's not a bad idea. Yeah, you could polish off the debt real quick Yeah, well, see how many people show up outside today for later. Thank you All right, so we're only 20 25 minutes away from that the signs made he's in his uh, his little uniform Oh my god Okay Anthony hear about the guy that uh blew his chances on who wants to be a millionaire. Yeah, this guy's great There's a great little story in the post today page 14 this guy comes to New York. He qualifies Yes That the night before he's appearing on who wants to be a millionaire with Regis you think he he's in his hotel room Studying up a little bit studying up maybe getting a good night's sleep So he'll be all ready to go to win a million dollars. Oh, no, he left his wife home Yeah comes in New York by himself. He's a contestant who wants to be a millionaire He spends the night before the show at scores scores. I know where's he from? It's in the post. I don't have a post in front of me one of those, you know Cowtowns a cow town he ends up staying there until like four or five in the mornings blows all his money He just says yeah from the married man from the Midwest right? Blows all his money and then he missed one of the easier questions Yeah, they blew his chance miss like right from the start. Yeah in the hot seat Yeah, can't go singing hoes before your chance in the hot seat Come on You're like a sleep caught up with him. What is a typical Midwestern rube in the big city? He couldn't friggin handle himself Yeah, you get to New York and you're just overwhelmed by everything around you now pissed off This guy's wife is gonna be yeah, huh a bloom of change is in a million dollars, but I saw some boobies boob bitch well, I Guess if if you're gonna be on that show scores isn't the place to go. No, no John what's going on today? What's up? Open it? I'm right in front of a black girl, bro. Okay. He's driving like a turtle Yeah, he's the slowest driver you will ever say he just got off a victory Boulevard He's on his way there be there about five minutes. All right, so he's very close to the Staten Island mall. Yeah All right. Thank you, John. Take it easy guys in the case you whatever we've all driven when early and he's ridiculous Yeah, he drives below the speed limit he gets so Scared when he's in somebody else's car Well, and I know what incident you're gonna bring up when we went to Goldfinger You had everyone scared that night. We had to get there. We needed boobage I was driving the wrong way down a one-way street But my car was facing the right way because I was backing up the wrong way And then there was the sidewalk excursion that we took to get away from the police roadblock We made it on time though, didn't we but Earl turned white yeah because of your driving. Hey, what happened to psycho mark last night? We have audio of Earl from that trip Psycho mark we had the staff party last night. We're all a little bit sluggish today We did and yeah, and you almost got arrested after we left you. I don't want to talk about this I'm on a thought stinky. I don't want to talk about because if he saw it all I was just do I think he saw it Come on over here. Thank you. I'm in the hind from the morning show Getting wet. All right, so you guys stayed at the bar back for a while That's where I'm actually we hung out and Jeremy hung out longer than anybody. Yeah, they were there till the end I gave up schmoozing with the boss and yeah, see stinky's buddy and dude these guys are like I know boss Rose now first of all, we got to thank the staff at La Barbat They were absolutely awesome last night always do a great job. Yes, we like hanging out there Um, alright, so stinky you guys leave La Barbat. What what did this psychopath do this time? Well as we're walking down the street cop cars. Well, I walked out with them Never mind. I had a beer in my hand. Yeah, you had a beer in your hand How the hell did don't you understand you can't leave bars with with alcohol? Yes. I am an idiot All right Alright so so you're walking down the streets of Manhattan with the open beer That's only 57th Street not much traffic down there. Now. You don't really see any cops in our neighborhood Not just snorted. I love that term. Oh So as we're walking down the street and police cars come five four or five police cars come whizzing down the street Sirens blaring are going down the wrong way. They definitely are in a rush Psycho mark walks out into the first lane with his beer in his hand waving the cop cars through like come on come on Two cop cars pass and I'm thinking about pulling over the drivers are looking at them and then no the finally the last one sees him and they just they stopped pulled over right away and 57 they cut off. Oh my god. You guys are with me. You guys are Psycho mark I'm above the law you mother Thank you, what was he saying because we're hearing rumors that's the stuff you were saying right? Yeah, he was he was he's playing the psycho mark card What was he saying you're using up our valuable police favor Yeah, caught it stupid stuff now if you get caught maybe making a left turn when there's a green light and a no left turn Sign and a cop pulls you over you play the card. That's legit But I mean we can't have people drunk in the streets of beer bottles Using up our valuable police favors so stupid So now what happened the cops jump out of the car and it was a female cop and she Did you're out of your mind we have to back up the story cuz on the way to the bar bad after the radio show What the hell did you say that chick with the cell phone that was crossing the street with you know the street you made me Like back way up We're all walking together. He starts in with this girl that is obviously on her phone Tell your boyfriend or something and he starts in with her and I like to slow way up now I'm like a hundred feet behind him instead of right behind him. What was that all about Ben was there? We were with you know for walking, you know, and I just hear you're a loser She's yelling at you. You're a loser my god I live on the floor of Tribeca. He's Why did she call you a loser? I'm walking down the street mining my own F You never mind your own F Can just like a happy as a clam you're like down the street. You're like Anthony Hopkins from magic You can't keep quiet if your life depended on remember that scene where he had a like put the public dummy talk Don't let the dummy talk for a few minutes and he's sweating like a you know mother And he finally picked up the puppet and just goes crazy you're like that you can't keep your mouth shut for one minute somehow I can't see a girl just all of a sudden calling you a loser unless you said Something to her. I Started you sure instead of saying you're happy as a clam. She's on the cell phone You guys didn't say something about her clam. I didn't say any you didn't call her a see you guys like this I start going as I'm walking across the street cuz I'm pumped. We're going to drink So I'm just laughing for joy right okay, she looks over to me She goes that's awfully rude, and I'm like oh really so then I start Your little nasty she's like go back to the suburbs where you belong Suburbs me you nasty little chap I Just go back to the suburbs And they called you a loser they call me a little before you started drinking Alright inside the bar bath though when he's really getting tanked up. He's coming over going All right, so the bar bad afterwards you're out there with an open beer like flagging down Cop cars are telling them so this thing I ever do all right so the cloud will be the judge of that so the cops pop Out of the the patrol car stinky, and then what happened? What did this idiot do I? Made for my life. Yeah pretty much I didn't stay around because I didn't want to get involved at all so I Crossed the street and just watched him stand there, and he was just talking to the female cop and it looked like she wanted She wanted a piece of him, but yeah, they let him go eventually they did you know what did you say to get it? Get away I You did say you were psycho mark not really I didn't say that You know me were you saying do you know who I am? What did you say you had to say something to get away? I pull up my only PDA card that I have And I use that's good. You're a you're drunk. I'm here in the middle of the road to be a bottle I forgot the cops name in the back of it. She's like you don't remember the name and I'm like It's torture You remember this name when you're going to jail People study the names on your PDA card very important really bad when you pull it out You don't know who the hell gave it to you Everyone's checking out their PB. Got it. Yeah It looks really stupid when you have to go over gave you this But I'm really good friends and I was so mad at me they were so mad at me You know for just being a complete you guys like you're a bad team You're using the get out of jail free cards for really silly thing. Yes, I guess I felt so dumb I'm like I am but he doesn't drive so this is the equivalent. Thank God There's the equivalent equivalent of you getting you know pulled over Maybe you've seen how white I made her but every time every time cycle markets think you hang out There are cops involved lately. Yeah, I know Cassidy and the Sundance kid over there Enough of that is right my brother jobs What did you bring this picture I've got Steve's gonna put it up on the side There's a picture of you and you and it Look at my hair dude, you used to have blonde hair totally blonde hair No, I bleached it back when I was Falling I don't even know how old I am. They're not as a mosh That's pretty funny Bungalow and mastic was it yeah. Yeah, they put us in a little cage. That's great I look at how they look at our mom dressed us. I know that was always embarrassing She wondered why we dress like slobs when we were finally able to dress ourselves because look what you did to us dressing me like a business executive Problem deal Alright, I'm here rumors Joe. You might have a spaz song. Oh, yeah I think I have yet what could be the theme the theme to the spaz-a-thon. Oh really? Yeah All right, I was a boy. Take a break. We'll play Joe's brand new spaz song Joe always comes up with some great stuff for the show Yeah And a spaz is heading out of the building in about 10 12 minutes to get a verbally abused out on the streets of New York He's in his Eagle Scout uniform. Did you check out spaz? And yes, I did I was when I was his age when he was doing the scout stuff. I was jumping out of airplanes Have you do that I guess all is outside the building What's going on You got a crowd out here. Oh good Come on down. I got $20 worth the element of do You got $20 to yell it's bad. That's two minutes. Now. We have to do something You cut me off so many times when I've tried to call get in touch with you guys. I got a lot of yellow This is great. This is your opportunity to get back at spaz. So alright looking forward to it. Thank you Paul You may have to do more math because if people donate more than $5 a head It's not going to be 97,000 people before he has enough money to pay off his debt. Yeah, it's gonna be the same amount of time Okay Maybe we could have multi yelling. We're just like four or five guys just like gang yelling gang yelling Very degrading a gang yelling they all pay five bucks and they they circle them I just go just go off Eagle Scout cancerous live wires Mets fan There's just an array of things a bevy of everybody that tried to get through that he cut off his is dopey Education, Iona college. Yeah, I think all the Iona graduates should show us a show up outside the building today Yeah, get back in spaz. I don't think giving your school a bad name I don't think the kids gonna make it man. I think you brought us all right gonna be rough All right, 57th and seventh will will be out there very very soon. Let's take a break. Let's take a leak Let's take a break. We'll play Joe's spaz song next day Opie you scum and Anthony your new name is dick Opie and Anthony what changed you into such demonic little bastards one? You any W Never a boring day on the Opie and Anthony show Bunch of things happening a lot of people gathering outside the station 57th and 7th to install spaz for five bucks We're gonna go downstairs in a few minutes Joe Anthony's brother has come up with a couple great little ditties that we're gonna play in a minute Yeah, and Earl as we speak is at the Staten Island Mall Anthony to hand out the brand new Whip-a-Millie Wednesday Bumper stickers is he really there a hot commodity? Yes, he is The funny thing is Anthony that is actual audio of Earl because he's in a little trouble right now what's the matter There's cops all over the place. There's there's I guess a big problem with the Staten Island Mall What's the problem? So you guys beg us to go to Staten Island? We finally go there and it doesn't seem like we're being welcomed Let's let's go to the phones and see if we get to the bottom of this first of all Mike what's going on? Yeah, it's about maybe a hundred a hundred fifty people cause all over the place to three cop cars They made a move could use blocking traffic. Oh boy. They complaining Cop in the 122 New York finest all right So it's a little messy down there All right, thank you Mike your phones bringing up. Let's go to another Mike Mike. What's up? Hey, what's going on? Oh, how are you? You're our reporter on the scene with the white shirt inside only got some authority to break these cops balls or what? They got none of those better to do out here, so what's going on? You're our reporter on the scene ha ha I'm blocked in by three cops cars, and they got a potty wagon out here Our listeners don't I got no way to go don't riot They're riot what the people are cursing this copy. Okay. Goodbye. He's blocking traffic. You don't know what to do now We move there's cops all over the place Yeah, they got a potty wagon out here that the police van police cars the sergeant out here with the white shirt I think that's standard procedure when a black person goes into Staten Island All right Mike thank you We finally make it to Staten Island and look at how we're being treated. Come on. We're just giving out some stickers man Listen, I'm a Fred. What's going on? These guys you just busted a ball. You should have had him go to a highland ball about hooters Well, we might have to figure out a brand new location because it looks like we're not welcome at the Staten Island mall He would have got there on time if you would have went to hooters it's right over the Barrieta no bridge. All right, Fred. All righty. Thank you Anthony on the line black Earl all right in the middle of controversy once again Earl We were greeted by some of New York's 200 people New York's finest The massacred Private property And now we're gonna be behind 9x in a few minutes, but we can't huge kind of a people just waiting for us So they're making you move. You're gonna be right behind me at the shopping center. Okay We had a huge kind of people right behind us are the cops being cool or what? The my dad little Happy why aren't the mall guys happy where we were bringing other people to their mall today Yeah, they're moving us behind the pregnant which is about It's where they are. It's got under feet from the mall 500 feet from the mall. Okay. Yeah. All right The pregnant man is right up to the toilet or asking kids are all right Well show your support if you're in the area stop by and get your Wow sticker from black Earl Okay, but there are people coming the woodwork. They're coming out of the woodwork. Yeah I'm not being from long but last time you guys were at a mall that you bring a bunch of homeless Yeah, yeah, but this time it's stickers and you haven't like a little problems. Yeah. Yeah anything else Alright hold on a second. We're gonna keep you on hold. Why does they're all still have the crappy phone? I don't know from yesterday. I don't know we learn and maybe get him another phone and you work here. We don't learn We just don't learn here Sal. What's up? He's a listener he probably doesn't make much money, but listen how great his cell phone sounds Yeah, you know, you know, hold on. Hold on Sal say say say hi to everyone in the tri-state area Say hi to everyone in tri-state area. Yeah, just gonna prove a little point Okay, prove a little point. This is great old next tell at work All right, hold on hold on now. Let's talk to Earl on our Radio station cell phone in this out place. Oh, yeah in the same place. How are you? They're calling from the same place same place and Earl sounds like crap Day after day we send Earl out you think someone around here would get the get the hand and realize wait We might have a problem with the cell phone. We use Oh Let's go to one of our listeners you're on the air. Hi, how are you? Yeah, I'm fine. I'm calling from next to Earl All right, so so Sal what's going on? Yeah My car and I'll tell you the cops are cool. They're not bad It's just that pulled up right kids smack in front of the whole stinking place You know we all have to move now we're all here be We got loads of people and it's kind of cool you guys rock man. Let me tell you. Thank you Sal Okay, all right. Bye. So get your Wow sticker brand new Wow sticker Sweeping the area. Well, let's go to Vinnie the Staten Island cop. He's he's saying it's not their fault Vinnie. What's going on? Yeah guys listen, I'm sitting here. I'm listening to that all these people bash the cops, you know Just like everybody else when your company yes, I am you sound like you're like 15 man No, I do it on 27. Okay, let me tell you I was up at the studio trying to grab Wow Stick it in that blackboard wouldn't let me in that black brawn I think you're at the wrong station I don't even know if we have any black brawns that work that there at the desk. Okay, so so you're a Staten Island cop What is the problem down there? I'm not here. I'm just saying, you know people got to lighten up on the cops You know, you got a lot of fans out here no, we know man, yeah That was my one gripe. I didn't want everybody to think you know, no, the mom calls the cops They got to go and do that thing. That's cool. All right. We understand that. All right. Take care guys Thank you indication on the ground. All right, it's happening as we speak growing every day. That's indication on the ground. Absolutely You just got nowhere to look. I've heard from people all over the country I'll be brand new people coming in from my Chicago another person from Tennessee Now on the underground and There was one more state New Mexico, New Mexico. Yep. It's the open Anthony underground syndication railroad. Yeah one at a time one at a time That's okay. So Earl You know, all right Rumor has it that you just kind of pulled up in front of the whole damn place and caused a major scene Gotta be kidding me There's an easy a huge trouble to be wild-sounding Alright, listen, listen Earl how many people are around you right now with a cell phone trying to call the radio stations? All right, all right is the worst phone yeah Oh All right, Earl listen call us back soon, okay. Yes. Are you are you situated now you're good All right, and it's it's right down the street from the Staten Island mall You can't miss it it's big burger. All right. Thank you Earl is still using the He's using the same phone Canon used remember in the old episodes of Canon When he used to have to pick up the phone from the middle of from the hump In the car and it still had the curly wire is going into the gear shift somewhere and yet mobile operator 5-5-5 Mobile operator a little note to management. We need a better cell phone a show cell phone I don't know what else we have to do to prove that to you But we need a cell phone that works if we're gonna be out and about every day or all falling in from the moon Blatant racism coming in as to why the phone isn't working. I can't even repeat that here All right, let's play one of my Joe songs which one you want to play. Where's the CD Joe? What do you got you did something about the Ben Stein situation that we had? Yeah Yeah, let's start with that one. I want to hear that Sure Joe made a little takeoff on the Ben Stein program win Ben Stein's money. You know, we had a problem with Ben Like a week ago just under a week ago He called up we were going to talk to him plug his new show do him a favor and he thought I said Jew Down the price of a car when I actually said chew down the price freaked out and hung up on the show thinking that He even knew I said chew what a Jew Oh He even knew I said chew but it sounded too much like Jew and he freaked out the man is obviously Has some issues, but I guess Joe did a takeoff on his show. Yes. I did. What is it called? It's it's called win Ben Stein's approval So doing a pretty good Ben Stein impression on thank you I do feel like Gallagher, Jr All right, let's check it out. It's Anthony's brother Joe everyone This is the show where a varied mutants of bastard ethnicity try to win my Our first Contestant is from Chinatown So, please give a warm welcome for Wang no hang Your first question is what was the name of the Wookie in the motion picture Star Wars That's easy. Mr. Stein. That's easy. That would be a chewbacca. Oh Jew You've insulted my people now get Rice packing slanty. I do so face Chinky bastard Security Our next contestant to try to win my Compton, California, please welcome Dick black Why thank y'all Okay, dick your first question is what article of clothing is used to cover your feet Oh, that's easy. Mr. Stein. Dems would be shoes Excuse me. Yes. Oh, did I just hear you say Jews? No, no, no, no, mr. Stein. I swear I said shoes. I don't believe you you spayed jungle Boat to now Spear check this mr. Security have called man be All the time we have for today see you next time when some mutants of human mongrel bastards try to Oh Wow the reviews coming in we have to go to phones real fast Joe love the bit. Hey Joe, what's going on? This bit is fabulous I know a lot of people might be cursed and screw ain't talking about love. Kept the whole damn Van Halen city Yeah, I guess the deal is if we're gonna try to get some of this on the radio today You guys can't curse you got to help us out with that You can say anything you want, but just don't curse right? Hey Steve there. Yeah from Foundry. Yeah, it shows the problem I got a message. What's up, John? When the music stops, it's time for the news Is that from your little radio show It's bad enough I have to play it like The morning that you're the best oh god, yeah our own Steve from Foundry music.com is breaking into the radio business Yeah, doing very well. I gotta go on the air and say he does very well He doesn't have a good radio voice when I hear that stops. It's time for the news. Yeah, that's the Slugline that's the slugline right before the AP hits at the top of the hour hilarious my first radio station I worked at the slugline was hit music and more I will bring in my tapes from my first radio job. It's brutal It's a way Tennessee Valley forecast for Saturday. Here's your official North Jersey weather Alright, so we'll talk to you soon. All right, man. Good job on the website, by the way does a lot for it as well See guys, I'll Bernie what's going on? Yeah, I want to nominate Ben Stein's approval not forbid we bid it a year Yeah We'll play it again definitely later on all right Joe also brought in a spaz song that we're gonna do in a few minutes speaking of which I guess we got to get spaz Outside to get abused do we have the crowd Steve open that door who's going down there Steve's going down there Stinky you're going down with spaz for a little while. Oh Yeah, you got a hand of the phones Ben you're going down big Kev's going down psycho Mars going down Where's the man of the hour in his Eagle Scout uniform? He's on the phone where over there We'll get him in here All right, there he is everyone spaz with his chest out He's all proud. All right, who's got a cell phone that works How'd you like to move my life? You guys how about you guys get the festivities going and I will come out in a little in a little while We still have some stuff to do on the radio, but we'll get a lot of this on the radio Okay, microphone at the window and we should but uh, all right. So psycho mark get on the cell phone and And get the festivities going we got the sign that everything if you want to make fun of spaz will cost you five bucks Just get the 57th and seventh will be out there and then in minutes or there's a bunch of people out there ready So, all right. All right. All right. Let's take a quick break the next time we talk we'll be We'll be on the phone with psycho mark as he's outside the building with spaz for his big day Anthony That you're gonna be okay, right? side Insult me for five dollars Steve's tape enough. I know it's too funny. Isn't it hilarious? Don't me for five times and if you don't want to if you don't want to spend the five bucks You don't have to just come down and check it out for yourself because it's really funny what he looks like Alright, alright. Thank you. There you go spaz everyone. We'll talk to psycho mark next What other radio shows gonna give you like intelligence talk about stocks and girls playing what's in my face? Yeah, the opi and Anthony show one oh two seven wnew It's the only show two one two seven five seven one. Oh two seven Earl's calling back for me that nylon mall Anthony on his horrible cell phone. Absolutely horrible cell phone I'll call him back from Jupiter. Hey Earl. What's going on? I Know we have a lot of faithful listeners around Earl right now with cell phones Can one of you guys please give us a call so we can hear what the hell's going on? Yeah. Thank you Earl, where are you? And a lot of people showing up for their Wow stickers Earlier earlier like Magellan for the ONA show The first time we've made it to Staten Island Say you can't hear me on blows I know There's no girls here. No girls Well, I girls show up in that and flash your little boobies to the crowd across across the street from the Staten Island mall at Pergman right Why only that Wow, okay Oh I'm over here now. It's like a mark. Where are you? I'm over here now Alright We'll yeah, we're outside the building now it's going down there a little while we're gonna do it we're gonna take ships 57th and seventh you got a chance to yell and scream at spaz All you have to do is pay five bucks. So psycho mark. Yeah, we've got the first guy lined up. He's ready to go What's your name? Wait, wait, wait Yeah Alright first of all, who's collecting the money and collecting the money I'm just trying to get this visual in my head So there's a line Ben's collecting the money Spaz is there in his Eagle Scout uniform and and the sign that says insult me for five dollars Yeah, he's standing right here in a stairs. We've got big kev standing back to him in case anyone gets out of line Okay, we got Steve from the website each video everything. Okay, we've got our first contestant Anthony Here he's going to walk. All right before you start this we got to talk to spaz really fast All right, hold on his bad. I just want to make sure he's gonna be okay with this man Are people laughing at you out there? They're trying to get they're trying to get free I Remember the time you hung up on me. Yeah That's that's just starting with that. All right. Listen, listen guys. We appreciate the humor, but no free insults today No, there's enough people that are willing to pay today Never seen a longer line Is the line just getting longer and longer spaz getting longer and longer people seeing the sign and they're just getting online All right, very good. Well, I give the phone back to psycho mark People are beefed. All right guys now mark. Make sure you tell these people not to curse Yeah, I told no cursing try and keep it clean But you know if you're gonna curse you'd be abbreviation like F or C Yeah, and and did you guys bring Wow stickers down there? We got tons of Wow Okay, if anyone needs a Wow sticker, I we got tons of them here. All right, we're all ready to go. Okay All right, yes Anthony take it away I hate you go to hell. I'm Shame to be a mess back because of you. I hope I hope you like freaking your in your head all day You're gonna go to hell. Everybody knows it Because they hate you they hate you because they want to see you die They want to piss on your grave like the urine falls on your head every day. I hope The first Insulted and thrown out as fast as made five bucks so far on mark Yeah, are you just holding the phone at a distance a little bit? Yeah Okay. Yeah, don't don't let the person scream into the phone because it will be able to hear even more 46,000 995 bucks left to go All right, who's next? Yeah next and right away from Jersey and he's ready to give fans a licking That's awesome Oh There's people driving by and knowing from their vehicles He's up next I've been ready with the watch go ahead You're supposed to be a brain That's right, does he have a few seconds left Everybody played keep it clean. Yeah, I'm a psycho mark. How many people are online now? There's got to be at least a hundred We're gonna make a lot of me today boys helping out so where you from Joe's from Queens he's up next man. Are you ready? Okay I was calling Regis film and we just film it filming What happens like a mark? 40 bucks This should be good What do you want to plug? All right, man Go ahead I had the unfortunate opportunity to interview today and it's sickening how How poor your life is right now? You're lost Well, I want you to take that 40 bucks. I want you to get some self-help books You read them if you can if your girlfriend sees dying one of them going back. I'm kicking your ass The God's here to see Regis sees diamond that I'm going back. I'm kicking your ass Wait a minute, you know what we ought to do I don't think spaz is looking pathetic enough Yeah, the listeners if someone could go into the Brooklyn diner And get a cup full of water and pour it on his groin like he wet himself. Yeah, that's a good idea Grab a couple water He's got to look like he'd be himself. I think Just splashing on his lap All right, let's talk to spaz. Let's see how he's doing so Hello spaz. Hey spaz you holding up so far That last one was kind of brutal. The last one got to you a little bit. Yeah, the wedding of the pants. Yeah. All right Yeah, well, that'll be fun. I'll cool you down I have a professional wrestler in front of me now a professional wrestlers in front of you. Yeah, okay And Don't be driving by All right, give the phone back to psycho mark Yeah, hey mark Your phone's a little crappy. I gotta admit is it crap a little bit. Yeah, maybe you could get a better Move around a little bit Better yes, I was a little bit reports coming in Earl is giving out 25 stickers at a time Yes, I'd mark all on one second. Oh my god. We have two stories breaking here today I hope you're Anthony. We're all over the place. We're in Staten Island and we're right outside the building I TJ's out at Staten Island at Pergamon. What's going on TJ? Yeah, man I just got like 25 stickers from black girl. He's just handing them out like water. That's why he's leaving like 10 minutes Ah Well, there's no one day. All right No, who's that fat guy with the tie with him? I don't know. I don't know who he brought Oh, he's in the van with him. Oh really? Yeah No, it was probably someone from the mall or from Pergamon. We sent Earl by himself today All right Thanks, thanks They're all handing out 25 stickers at a time. That's good. I'm psycho mark. Yeah, what's up guys? All right, so what about good? Yeah, yeah that sounds a little better. We got the metal maniac here. Just got off the plane from Hawaii to yell it's bad All right, are you ready Ben with the watch? He's got a full minute this guy All right, you ready here we go That's right, you pencil man. It's the metal maniac and I have the king of pencil next to me in front of me What's his name? Smell that's right almost forgot from JFK to hear smash How did you go from five thousand last week with the hotel now? You got 47,000 I want to hear the big word or tell them with the $200 boots the $200 boots brother You know when the rock not your brody's but he was talking about you right Oh You sure he paid yeah as long as we got a as long as fast gets his money I can pay him money. All right second mark I think we got to take a break but you guys you guys definitely continue the festivities keep it going We're gonna keep it moving and we'll uh, we'll check in with you in a few minutes All right, very good cycle mark outside the building as people abuse spas for five bucks a pop How many people are on line right now? We've got about a hundred people standing around here Yeah, I saw walking up his car is coming by people yelling out the window is saying I ain't cops the cops are coming by and yelling through their speakers Very good I think I think it's going down there in a few minutes to so I'll head down Thank You cycle mark Well, what what what what? Ambulance right now. He's yelling. He's yelling through the loudspeaker. All right, cool Continuous Continuing a lot talk to you soon. Okay All right. There you go cycle mark outside the building having a lot of fun Jesus I am as we go to break we should play the brand new spas on that's your brother Joe did yeah, this I'd like you to think of as a theme for the spazathon. Okay That's pretty much what it is very funny stuff check it out for yourself Using Wow who's the dick that owes more cash than Anthony lost with an ass that crash He's broke Cat spaz is one dumb mother He's young retarded man, but charge way too much on his visa All right, stay there WNEW hey Anthony the Vermont teddy bear company. Yeah Mother's Day right around the corner, right? May 14th Uh, what a couple weeks a week. What are we talking next Sunday? Thank you Anthony next Sunday Mother's Day Is it? Wait a minute. No, I think you're right. It's the fourth for Sunday would be the Do the math Saturday wait today's the fourth For Yeah, okay Week from Sunday's Mother's Day. Okay, very good. What are you getting for your mother's your mother? No, this is a mother's day. The big question is yeah Do they do the does the does the Vermont teddy bear company deliver to Tahiti? Oh is mom in Tahiti? Yes, she is from Mother's Day. Oh cool. Maybe we'll play that old Mets bit Yeah Next Sunday Make mom happy send her a bear Graham gift from the Vermont teddy bear company fun way to let mom knows No, she's loved and appreciated. Oh Pete. Yeah. Hmm your mom or your wife her grandmother Beautiful bear handcrafted in Vermont personalized for her that would be interesting with a card and candy delivered in a colorful gift box I've already sent one to someone Anthony. Have you yeah, I send that I send out the Vermont teddy bears all the time It is a very very good gift. And what you did was you called a bear counselor at 1-800-829-BEAR mm-hmm, you discussed with the bear counselor a little bit about your loved one. Mm-hmm, and They gave you some suggestions on bears that fit their personality Correct, maybe the angel mom or the mama's boy bear with the heart-shaped mom tattoo Tailor a bear to mom's occupation a hobby nurse bear teacher bear Gardening bear pregnancy bear or the red hot mama bear I guess you get that one if you're in the trailer park and your mom's a red hot mama red hot mama Send a bear Graham creative alternative to flowers and your mama loved the bear forever It doesn't just wither away and die and a dad's it's your job to get a present from mom from the kids You know how that is dad takes you to the store and it's like, oh Oh Chanel number five again Here it is. Oh boy. What a creative gift now Vermont teddy bear now They pick up the Pokemon cards mama like the Pokemon card. Yeah Well, they have a mother and cub set perfect for the kiddies. Give them a call right now 1-800-829-BEAR 1-800-829-BEAR or shop online at Vermont Teddy bear dot com the creative alternative to flowers for Mother's Day Nurses week and graduation to give them a call 1-800-829-BEAR tell them Opie and Anthony sent you That's the Following statements that not necessarily reflect the opinion of anyone in his right mind Now I will demonstrate what having sex with a dead body might sound like Alright we're all over the ball field today. I'll be in the studio We got black girl at the Pergamon and Staten Island handing out the brand-new Wow stickers and right outside the building our buddy our pal Anthony Hey, hey, what's up, man? What's the scene out there? Hauntings one guy right before we went live was standing two inches on his face yelling Oh He goes come on bunch of Jews and so Okay, we got another guy another contender was just throwing money now There he goes What does he say On behalf of Gabe and crowd another guy stepping up. Okay, young guy looks like to be around in mid-20s We'll backpack and walk from now. Here he goes Oh Yeah, it's not a perfect More like Getting abused people coming up throwing so passionately about the bail throwing the money at and that's money But the click and then whenever there's a Wall in the people that are coming up and giving the money for you pulling out of their pocket Yeah, that's what you're taunting the crowd I Can't see him Usually you would think you would just sit there and take it. Yeah, he's haunting them In that boy scout uniform yelling what he's yelling he looks like a hitler youth He looks like a freaking like a hitler youth now. He's yelling racial epithet. Hey Anthony This just in Ernie from Jersey says hey spaz Only 130 insults to go and then you can spend a splendid night at the St. Regis All right, it sounds like a crazy scene out there It's insane. There's people in the middle of the street. Yeah, there's handing out Wow sticker Every vehicle that's driving by sick. Yes honking. Yeah, they all got loud stickers here comes another truck out of Yankee sat on leaning out yelling The whole sidewalk is taken off This for some poor guy to the art of handwriting He's trying to get the money over there about 20 feet away. I see that guy every day. Yeah, no one's over by him. Oh poor guy I Insane people are honking it's a sick scene out here. Is anyone stepping up to insult them or what? Yeah, people have been insulting. I think people are throwing in some freebies They love to insult them, but they don't want to pay them No, I don't want to pay for another night at the same region No, I don't blame them. I talked and talked to a spaz see how he's holding up there spaz spaz how you holding up? Nobody wants to insult that I insult these people on a regular basis, but they want to insult me back Maybe they just don't want to pay you money Yeah, it could be the reason one guy was saying like just a few more insults You'll be able to spend another night at the st. Regis 57th Street is a freaking I Want to go to school to step all that freewheel things. Yeah, but the cop isn't getting out I think he's just watching the festivities to check it out. Very good It's an insane Feedback still crazy. They want to hear someone that makes fun of spaz for five bucks. Yeah Yeah So like a carnival I know well, you know The frigging carnival parker here. All right, we got a taker. Here you go. All right, he's paying his five bucks Yeah Oh He got his five dollars worth By the yelling out of the laughing traffic enforcement Awesome, and I'm gonna put that hole for one second. I'll be right back. Okay. Hold on. It's just getting crazy around here Barbara what's going on? Hey, how you doing great? You want to wow everyone on 57th? Yes, I did. I was on my way up there and but I don't know cuz the whole place is probably like mobbed Well, there's a lot of people down there. Yeah Yeah, if you're in a car just drive by and do it real fast. I do but I'm in Jersey. Oh now you're in Jersey Yeah, well, yeah, I just got off work. So I'm gonna try to pick up my girlfriend and like well hurry up I don't know how much longer they're gonna be out there. Maybe a half hour. So well next time. All right All right. Thank you. All right It's happening let's start checking with cycle mark. He's also outside cycle mark What's going on Actually yelling at people right now. He's really mad. He's got a nasty face on he's got his Rosie Donald hat on sideways. Yeah, he's taunting everyone I hear and he's holding up his insulting for $5 People to try to All right. I'm gonna check in with Anthony. Thank you psycho There goes cycle mark back to Anthony Anthony Oh Yeah, he's getting so friggin raw with some of these women walking by what does he say? insulting them calling them a horse Just really bad and people are getting the free insults in Come on, Baldy. Oh my god. Oh my god Why even I think on he goes come on Baldy the guy turn around a game to look like I was gonna shoot him Oh Yeah, we had people To certain ethnicity, oh my god Anyone say behind him just in case the round goes through him Yeah, they are gonna get caught in the belly when one goes through up. He just doesn't learn Anthony He really doesn't know the guy is a friggin idiot I Know what else paying their $5 or no, they're just pointing them up for free No one wants to pay his bill. No one cares that he's 47 grand in debt. That's awesome. Here comes a check I don't know what you're gonna say. Yeah No, we didn't hear it over here Hey you with the big cheese Yeah He's losing his mind. He really is losing it. He's like the dude from This poor girl walking by yeah He's like him. I can he's like the dude from Full Metal Jacket. Yeah. He is he's lost it Just like full metal jacket. You're right. Yeah, all the trucks just want Their beeping and then hanging out the windows yelling insults I Will come back up back upstairs Well in hand down here. I very good madhouse very good. Thank you. I'm in. All right, there we go Oh, I'm sorry. I got to hang up on Anthony. That's cool All right, you could abuse fast for five dollars a shot right outside the building obviously a crazy scene going on 57th and 7th Street, let's check in with Earl one last time I believe he's in Staten Island at the Pergamon handing out the brand-new Wow stickers. We're all over the ball field today Oh, what's up? Oh, she is Never gets old All right, Earl are you are you out of stickers or what? Okay, very good Earl out there in Staten Island, I thank everyone for us for Thank you for the support in Staten Island All right, Earl, we'll see you soon. Okay There he goes black Earl doing a great job in Staten Island All right We'll take a quick break Anthony will be back in the studio in a few minutes and we'll continue with the festivities stay there Oh Anthony stacker to the world's strongest fat burner. Hey you big pig Me no Speaking in general just the people if you got that big fat ass looks like you've been sitting naked in a gravel driveway When you stand up, you know those butts the big wide ones I haven't seen one close up like that in a long time the the genitalia awning How about that one that we all know as the the bunt the bunt? Yes. Do you have a bunt? I know I don't cuz you don't know if it's belly or it's hello So You want to burn that off don't you? Yes, very nice weather whip him out Wednesday Yeah in full force now we started up yesterday and it seems to be doing quite well and you don't want to have to Fight with your fat, you know, you pull it out. You think you're wowing somebody. No, no, it's a big roll Oh, no, she's got back boobs. Oh She wowed me front and back. She's got the back boobs working. That's great. You don't want that So what do you do stacker to world's strongest fat burner help thousands of people lose weight build lean muscle get into shape You feel the effects of stacker to in 45 minutes or your money back guaranteed What are you gonna do? You're gonna burn fat build lean muscle Get a boost energy toward the end of the day Mm-hmm cuts down on the cravings to snack adds up to losing weight and your back fat boobs There you go. Give them a call 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E for stacker to the world's strongest fat burner Our listeners Anthony. Mm-hmm have proven it works the opi and Anthony show Or stupidity on the way That guy is now dead Oh Power mine yeah, well I hear has passed on Brown he's grounded he's grounded poor guy for his life lives on with a spot in an ONA promo How more than is that? It's the opiate Anthony show 212757 1027 Anthony back in the studio Yeah, he was outside checking out the festivities people abusing fast for five dollars a shot. You know what the problem is though People don't want to give spaz money, but they want to insult him So I mean there is a crap load of people down there Just insulting just for nothing and then he gets all agitated and starts taunting the crowd There was one guy that walked past and he goes hey Baldy And the guy looked turned around like he wanted to kill me goes That's why your kind can't get a job or something like that and the guys looking I'm like I will come over there and snap you Yeah He's a moron. He's an idiot. Well, I John the dumb guy was telling me that he's just yelling at people that have no idea Who he is a girl walking a girl walking past innocently. I was well endowed Hey you with the big yeah he's No clue what was going on. I felt bad for us. You looked all you know innocent everything I like a whole bag or anything. He's like you with the big T's. Yeah Well, you have time to get down to 57 to 7th and join the little party I'm going on they gave him a hat the other game a Rosie O'Donnell hat to wear He's more they say would fit in more with that show than they gave me his his Original Boy Scout hat. Yeah, the Eagle Scout had covered with cat hair Yeah I had to search the 14-inch you all for that. I think he got his cleanliness badge Hey, look who stopped by the the radio show today stockbroker Dave stockbroker Dave. How you doing man? I saw a guy in a suit walking down the hall. I got scared like we did something wrong again Usually it's a lawyer, but no no, it's our pal stockbroker Dave. How are you? They fresh off of Wall Street Yeah, about an hour. Yeah, you've been off for about an hour Nice a day was talking to them. Yeah microphones good microphone There's no mics on the floor there. Oh, no, it's funny. He's like he has a lot of personality on the floor He gets a little shy in the studio. He's the man down there. Yeah He's like no no naked chicks up here. There was yesterday. You should have been here and there's gonna be some tomorrow I believe we had a girl with the we were dripping hot wax on when these candles was great. That's our new thing Have you heard that one yet? Yeah, you guys do you guys put powder on the shoes down there on the floor? We drop hot wax on naked girls. Hey, I like your job better. We were aiming for the balloon. Not yesterday It's hilarious. Remember that we went down to the ball. I'm a kiki start kiki We went down to the floor and stockbroker Dave showed us around sure they took us around It was great and all these smartasses on the floor They get you and they start talking to you like one guy will talk to you and distract you while another guy is behind you He gets down and sprinkles white powder all over your black shine shoes And then as you're walking around they all start pointing are you going oh look at your shoes You couldn't shine your shoes up coming down here on the floor. Oh, yeah, and they all taunt you Yeah, but before they taunt you you now had the powder on your shoes and one guy goes. Hey, hey Is it what is it snowing? The one you have snow on your shoes And then the whole place just loses it this is what these guys do That's their job. Oh, yeah, it's their job And they're guys are hard-earned money to the finances of the free world are on their backs and they're sprinkling powder and giggling on Our shoes and if someone from what the south visits the floor you put little spurs on the on their little shoes, right? They make spurs and stick it in their heel Spurs on their bunch of smartasses down there bunch of comedians pull a lot of pranks What's the prank with the the the the shark fin you guys pull that one off every once in a while, right? You got to be real stupid to fall for that one. Who's who usually do you pull that one on? What was was anyone getting lobster tails on people the shark fin is great You'd be walking around someone will pat you on the back is that the moment and and you'll be walking around with a shark fin on Your back you're in your suit. You're on the floor New York Stock Exchange and and you have a shark fin on your back and everyone's laughing at you Let's get that the naked chicks. Well, no, cuz then the guy gets he has the the shark fin on his back and then everyone is like As the guy passes and then after a while realizing why are they all doing that? Why are they all doing the Joe's theme? As I walk around Bunch of comedians has some he has some great stories to tell I don't know Phil tell him on the air though No problem. Now, let's get some naked chicks up here Chicks No, I don't have any today have a contest. I want to hear about I can get him up here I want to hear about guys, you know dying on the floor Anyone recently no, no, come on you can tell a story about something that happened. Let's say 20 years ago Snow day. Yeah. Yeah a while ago. We had a big snowstorm guy Try to get in really really fat guy and a heart attack on the floor Now, what do you do when someone drops dead on the floor trade over? That's the truth right? Yeah, cuz you can't Cuz you can't touch the body you can't touch the body and there are trades to be made right? I Love it capitalism that is brutal Twice it happened twice twice Not too much pressure going on down there, especially recently How much money have you seen somebody lose in in like one session? Guy had an error biggest error was a 600 grand Oh Great The biggest error on the floor and he had to it comes out of his pocket. Yeah, like you make a mistake put it right on Mastercard Alright seven grams nothing so so stockbroker day wants to work as a penpan you think you can get girls up here Yeah. All right. How are you gonna get girls up to the open Anthony show? It's late in the show here Girls have to be close to the station and cold hard cash 500 bucks what 500 bucks To the girl who does the best act with an inanimate object Have to be up here by 530 Right here he does Another 500 bucks, but you know, let me take pictures five crisp hundred dollar bill. All right. So what do you want? That's why I want to see a sex act. Oh now you said the s-word so now that's prostitution right now It just screwed it up. You just screwed up the whole kind It could have been the best act with an inanimate object That's what I meant to say you but since you threw the other word in I've been hit the dumb button I was gonna lunch for it, but I don't know I'm gonna kill you. I'm gonna kill you. He's got $500 right right here Oh I'm the 500 bucks up like a filet mignon rights Plastic is good. What is even better? What would you get all those pictures on the internet with fruits and vegetables? Yeah coke bottles beer bottles. I've seen that I want to see it live Oh Let me go that is willing to pay I'm willing to pay I do believe that is illegal It is all right Dave give me 500 You the cat Yeah, that this point and now it's it's illegal really is You know you and your morals are really it's not moral. Believe me. It's legality Yeah, we've become a pro without the legal point of view Yeah, no that you'd be able to yell at spas for 55 hours. I think it was one case sticking out an animal object Was a few people on the hotline who's who who's on the lines Six Sharon Sharon Ben what's going on? That's Opiate the how are you? How's it going down there? I'm something all these people and they're just they're not coming up I'm coming out with a point all the stops and something he's degenerate Oh, yeah, I haven't started the race stuff. I just might dab into that right now. No, it's gonna get shot It's best calm down. You're going postal on us right in front of our eyes here. That is so stupid I Did not give it in he's giving Across the street. I just might think I'm warning for little girls. All right Well, my god, why don't you taunt the crowd a little bit live on live on the air? or little girls There's a couple kids in front of me now. Yeah All right, well how's it going just hate him people Yeah, there's a deep hatred That's better are people still paying the money to insult him Yeah, people are still paying with now that a lot of tourists we got a bunch of girls in front of us Okay Any he said go into the chew jokes and he told me He's harrassing everybody that goes by calling guys with no hair baldies Oh My god He is a complete friggin idiot Now that the couple brothers really looking at him like staring them down. Yeah, how many thrown at him So spaz what do you see what are you insane? I Know just turn my money. Who do you think is gonna protect you down there? Because oh, yeah, he could he can hold everyone back. No one will protect Santa Claus Get up a fat ass to give me some money and sold me She got bearded piece of crap Don't beg you to be in the grave in two years anyway, give me your money I Put that on a very older gentleman that he just insulted called Santa Claus The guy turned around and put his ass in spaz's face. Hey Ben I'm here and they're trying to break up the crowd at this point Yeah It's kind of a process come by there's a couple maniacs keep running out in front of the street Stopping buses And then all the tourists from the hard rock are just like I feel what's going on so there's a bunch of little kids here It's a true scene of disaster. Yeah. All right We will stay down here and continue to collect money for spaz. All right, man. Very good. Thank you, Ben There you go outside the building hour two of spaz-a-thon cluster. F. Yeah, Bob. What's going on? I mean, I just got a ticket from Samoan Yon cop Sitting in front of the building. Well, you can't park illegally. I wasn't parked I was just kind of like pulling in fun, right just to get a look and then I was splint I'm dumping out of that people are insane Dumping out of that don't fit out of that don't been out of that So David we're doomed as this is socket So Dave Dave has got the $500 over there Not one girl has called Dave. Hmm. It's not looking good. Hmm Look how look how upset he is Things happen at bachelor parties and they get paid lots of $500. Yeah Not that I've heard so I've heard. Yeah, you don't want to go home today, Dave Just somewhere to go I'm going to my first bachelor party in years Saturday night. Who's getting married? One of the guys from works cousins, what do they got planned? Well going to dinner at La Verona and then going to some joint in here. I don't know which one That's good Joe. Thanks. It's nice. Why can't I go you can? You're invited in fact, I told him I was gonna tell you guys about does uh, does the wife know we could be oh, yeah You going? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Oh, yeah. She thought she said she wants it She's got it she's got to do me before I go unload the weapon. Yeah, they say yeah The weapon put it on safe. My father-in-law's probably less. I don't care It's this show That's true, please ladies. You got to unload the weapon. No, it's a them to a bachelor bachelor party 16 all right, we got to take a break. Yeah, I'm man. All right, I got a leak. Yes, we do I've been sitting here for about I don't know. I think we're gonna wrap up the spas thing outside the building Yeah, it's just it sounds like it's just getting ugly out there. It's degenerated into an angry mob and spas right? And an insulting spas Wait a minute. What? Something coming in for us like for good day I Hold on. Hold on Anthony, how are you guys? Yes, I'm stockbroker Dave Broker Dave Come in tomorrow. We'll put on a little show for you tomorrow Can you come in tomorrow stockbroker Dave? We'll take care of you tomorrow. Can't Come on Dave all the money you got you can take a day off We sign what time I wrapped four o'clock. Well the market closes at four. All right, so tell them to come down like five o'clock five Yeah, we'll get Shannon. I'll bring somebody else down. We'll bring a couple girls down tomorrow. How's that? Hi, how are you? Anthony man, what percentage do you get? No percentage Dave. Don't worry about it. Who's on the phone? Me who are you? Oh wow Anthony limbo You know this guy is Your phones are crapping out we'll see you tomorrow with the girls Maybe they will make it maybe not Find the time they will figure something out That's a softball practice tomorrow Colleen it's an emergency. I must come into the radio station tomorrow. Yeah, let's take a break We'll regroup and we'll be back stay there Okay terrific Okay 1027 WNEW Anthony diamond vision That's right. Oh big. Yeah. Dr. Philotop is like Jesus Christ walking the world Healing people. Yeah, he took care of my eyesight Yeah, wasn't born with the best vision, but I'll be wore glasses since he was how old? Oh my god, like eight and you thought you were just gonna wear them for the rest of your life That was it without a doubt had a nasty stigmatism, which just was a nightmare Oh, you could get those burnt off But they took care of the stigmatism and and I also have 2015 vision now Thanks to dr. Philotop and and diamond vision Anthony you broke your glasses Smashed him with a hammer because you'll never need him again. No don't need him at all quick easy procedure like 20 minutes You're out of the out of the office piece of cake a lot of people doing research on the The correction procedure you don't have to do research anymore I researched it for a year and I I felt confident with diamond vision and dr Philotop and it was a piece of cake Anthony very easy very quick. There's a couple things going on right now He's running his Memorial Day special or his Memorial Day drawing one of our listeners is going to get a free procedure Thanks to diamond vision and dr. Philotop all you have to do is give them a call at 1-800-984-2020 They'll put your name in the drawing and one of you guys will get a free procedure Okay, right if you entered a past drawing your name will be in this drawing as well. So you don't have to call Okay Also, he's running his spring special Anthony $2,500 for the whole procedure $2,500 for the whole damn procedure that all thighs that's a bargain if you call diamond vision right now 1-800-984-2020 that's 1-800-984-2020 Alright, I a psycho mark is on the phone. I think to wrap it up downstairs. Let's go to him real fast There's a girl on the line that wants to take Dave up on his offer We'll see what she's about in a second the first cycle mark mark. What's up? Hey that part never sounded so good That's what you guys were just playing no, I know okay terrific I just got a water dump all over his head by this guy walked up in court an entire glass of water on It's getting violent. I know it Screaming people he is seriously gonna get himself beat up. I know he's an idiot Screaming people he's like insulting people like left and right. He's stupid It's really funny these two black ladies came up and they just absolutely let him have it two sisters just went house I hear that All right, so is it breaking up down there what no it's still strong people still showing up We've got plenty of wild stickers here in the big town area. All right Here we are. So come on by in the salt spas for five bucks and no help for back 57th and 7th Street, I love to get him up here at some point to see what he looks like. Yeah What an idiot, all right psycho mark, thanks All right, let's talk to Janice Janice what's going on you're next on any w Hi Janice. Hi, how are you doing? Well, what do you want to do? I can give you a little show I heard on the radio with that stockbroker Dave. Yeah If you pick the object, I'll give you a little show Yeah, let's tell you tell us a little about yourself. Yeah, cuz you sound like a pig What do you want to know? What do you look like? I'm beautiful. I have reddish brown hair hazel eyes. I'm a professional escort. Oh professional escort So how close are you? I'm not that far away. Give me like 30 minutes 30 minutes. You got it. Okay. Yeah, all righty Okay. All right, you know where where to go? Give me the street. I hope hold on the line. Okay. Yeah Professional escort coming down to this station escort line 10 stinky It's another word for escort Vanessa what's going on? All right, I'd love to show my friend hooked me up with this show he listens to you guys all the time You guys want a girl to come down to know that no Stockbroker Dave would like to see some stuff today. Yes. Yeah He's a little showing for him. So well, how far are you from the station about 40 minutes? Mmm, that might be that might be tough to pull off. Hmm 40 minutes, huh? I'm in Jersey right now. Yeah, it's gonna take you more than 40 minutes to get here today Mmm, how about next time? I think we got someone coming down. Okay. All right, Vanessa, but thanks for listening Thank you. All right, man. Bye. Good. We're turning whores away at the door Not bad, not bad is right. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Okay terrific. Okay He says the scene outside the building is absolutely insane spazz has lost his mind He's just abusing every single person that walks by the the studio. He's not playing the sympathy angle That's for sure. Not at all. And one of the girls I guess he abused is on the phone here Lola. What's going on? Hello. Hi Lola. Hello. You're on the air. What's up? For what Lola what happened to you today outside the building? I was harassed. You were harassed I was harassed by your walker by I was walking by and He said something about me looking something about a nice piece of ass or something like that. Oh my god So I just want to know if you guys are responsible for it. Now. I think you are Well, I think spazz is his own man Yeah, we said aren't making him do it right he sent him down there to get abused by the public not to abuse the public He's turned it around. He's a maniac. But in fact, he's given the money back. I used to like you guys too We had nothing to do with that the bit was abuse spazz but he's lost his mind now I hear Whoever walks by he's he's attacking. Yes. He is. Are you a nice piece of ass? Of course I am Well, then that it was a compliment I guess I guess and I apologize for spazz. Okay. No, you don't have to All right, Lola, thank you. Thank you. Bye. Oh, I hope he gave her a five bucks So you still chewing gum because the number on the instant feedback or losing it? Not me one guys like who the F is chewing the gum today on the air can't you comment into the mic? No, all right. Uh, we want to play the Ben Stein bit one last time here Anthony. Oh stupid fan I'm not stupid Well Joe Anthony's brother came up with a cute little bit here with Ben Stein's approval. It's called Anthony Yes, I guess everyone knows the story by now. We had Ben Stein on the air a week ago Yeah, and he hung up because he thought Anthony said chew down I said chew down the price and I can attest to that that we've been saying chew down price for years Yes, I'll stop Ben Stein was out of his mind. I sell the Volkswagen and don't let him chew down the price That's right. Yeah. Well, we all know Ben Stein was out of his mind. I think that's obvious God knows what Entertainment Weekly is gonna write about I'm sure will be hung out to dry We did an interview with them over the Ben Stein. I think it could be ugly But if you were following the Ben Stein incident this will make you chuckle a little bit It's Joe with win Ben Stein's approval. Check this out This is the show where varied mutants of bastard ethnicity try to win my Approval our first contestant is from Chinatown So, please give a warm welcome for Wang. No hang. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, Mr Stein now Wang Your first question is what was the name of the Wookiee in the motion picture? Star Wars. Oh, that's easy. Mr. Stein. That's easy. That would be a true baka. Oh Jew baka, huh? No, you've insulted my people now get out Studio rice packing slant the odd gook slope face Chinky bastard Security Our next contestant to try to win my is from Compton, California Please welcome Dick black why thank y'all mr. Stein. It's showing me a pleasure to be okay dick Your first question is what article of clothing is used to cover your feet? Oh, that's easy. Mr. Stein Dems would be shoes Excuse me. Yes, sir. Did I just hear you say? Oh, no, no, no, no, mr. Stein, I swear I said shoes I don't believe you you spade jungle bunny jigger jigger Spear checker security How can you call man be That's all the time we have for today see you next time when some mutants of human mongrel bastards try to Our listeners are so quick and with it Steven or whoever your name is All right, yeah, well, well, yes you you just spoke go ahead talk you yeah me. Yeah, what's your name? even How stupid do you have to be to be on the phone and someone calls your name and you don't answer what Did he just lose his effort mine I Hate people. I don't care god Pissed me off. I'm a freaking lunatic. You are Seven Waw by Anthony spaz just got arrested. Yeah, that's what I'm hearing. All right, hold on. We got two spots to go We'll be right back two minutes and we'll go to Ben on the street spaz has been arrested. Oh It's like it's kind of like a car wreck on the highway You're gonna have to see what the hell these idiots are doing next Okay, and then we refuse to be responsible We refuse to be responsible All right, we're back We're getting word that us that just got arrested I said once explained what has been going on all afternoon real fast for the people just tuning in it Well, we put spaz down on the 57th Street dressed up in his old Boy Scout uniform He has forty seven thousand dollars in debt So he figured we'd get him some money by allowing the listeners to pay five bucks a clip to insult him But it turned around where he started insulting the crowd that was walking by him and getting pretty belligerent Yeah, people that don't even know us or the show just money in their own business and spaz losing it He was he was women that they have nice tees. Yeah, he's racial epithets he's Throwing out there. Yeah now Ben just called up and said that he got arrested Yeah, he was yelling at nuns and and just about everyone that walked by him He's gotta learn. Let's go to line eight blonde. What's going on? Hey, yeah I was out front and then spaz was just insulting everybody and even including a nun and then all of a sudden the cops came out In a blue car pulled him away and you're still with the sign holding it out and screaming in the car And and what did they do? Just hold them off cycle mark was trying to pull them over and tell them this is a promotion for a radio But he they wouldn't stop they just pulled them away. I hope you collect enough money for the bell All right, Ben's on the line. Thank you, bro. All right. Thanks a lot But if anyone else that checked it out, please give us a call Ben Yeah, what's going on? He's in the back of the police car pulled by the officers that they arrested for yelling racial epithets at people walking by home And they're in the car people saying free spaz Freeze what are you guys losing your mind? So I want to know if you got arrested for impersonating a boy scout Yeah, all right No, hey, hey, it's open Anthony what's going on? What's this? Oh You got spaz in the car So you you put him in the car Now how much bail are we gonna have to collect here do you think this will cost I don't know about that Please if you're a fan of this radio show, please do that Overnight Taking them you guys know we support you we talk about you all the time for the love of God make sure he spends the night in jail Spaz is gonna be a commodity in prison Jim is saying online now They're taking them to the tombs yeah, oh boy And in the boys got a skinny white boy in a boy scout Uniform That's like some of the fantasies those guys have down there He better hope that they put him in his own hole themselves these deliver to me a skinny white boy in a boy scout Uniform can we look at that? Can we talk to spaz? Yeah, this can be considered his one phone call hold on all right Spaz What happened? I don't know I was just insulting people because they weren't come stepping up and then these two cops just came out a blue car and Put me into the car didn't you know what you were doing was a crime No Now they're saying I have to go to be booked. Yeah, you probably go to central booking and then They'll send it to the tombs overnight But why can you guys get me out of this? We have to wait for you to get some process and then we'll see how much bail money we need we would have gotten You out of it, but I think psycho mark used our last get out of jail free thing last night when he was drunk on 57 That's right Can't talk to the cops right now. Maybe let me go are you gonna cry you're whining now take it like a man It's my first offense the only thing worse than going to a correctional facility in a boy scout uniform It's crying in a boy scout uniform Span again, I'm having a record spas you're all brave on the sidewalk now look at you Spas you don't worry. We'll spread around the correctional facility. You weren't arrested for inciting a riot. You were arrested for kid touching Treat you better I don't know if we want that Hold on we're gonna let you sit there for a little while What are they saying What are they what are they saying that's gonna happen? What they're saying they're gonna bring me down to get paid further than booked in my picture taken stuff All right, you get a picture the mug shark in the whole nine yards is there spas? They did they did tell us that you're gonna They did say you can have to spend the night fast spas did you make enough did you make enough money for some soap on a rope? That's a handy thing to have in the joint soap on a rope It's fast how much money did you collect today What then has the money well yell to Ben see how much money he's got for you tonight Ask the cops how much bail is gonna be Ben How much money we collect today he's crying click about 200 ask the cops how much of bail we need Spass spass spass spass they took the phone from spas spas offer them a bribe I Did box that's a good bribe spas Lost them cut them off. Oh my god. They're taking a book in there Tom. What's going on guys? Hey guys almost drove off the road here in this I swear to God, this is a dream come true Spas actually got arrested really didn't sink in yet Oh my god Indication on the ground all right Tom. Thank you People already requesting Line for a point for where's line for okay. Yes, let's go to Mike Mike. What's going on? Yeah, I want spas is T. I want his mug shot on t-shirt Yeah, how long before we say this spas mug shot Big poster spas mug shot on the wrong next week And you know what the worst thing is that was just spas his last phone call the one phone call against him I think that's okay indication underground boys. All right, the NYPD is back in line. Thank you. Let's go on to Andy Andy Yeah, listen, this is Andy. I'm on New York City Police officer Yeah, the first thing that's gonna happen is they're gonna start to run in front of the precinct in front of a death sergeant Yeah, and they're gonna take him to the back end stripping and then search him again. He's gonna get stressed Oh Then they're gonna prompt me. We've all seen him naked. It's not a pretty sight All right, hold on you gotta back up I started something in a strip search him and then what? And then what they do is they throw in a shell and then they process and they do the finger printing then they said that The Albany hopefully that'll come back clean Then he goes before the judge tonight or tomorrow morning and then how much money are we? No, no, no, there's no station house bail He's gonna go right through the system That means he's gonna be lined up stacked up crackheads Come on Listen they also don't like short-eye. That's the terminology for guys that touch little children. Yes Well, he does have that wacky little Eagle Scout uniform on yeah What were you outside the building Andy or you're just helping us out with the info here? I'm helping out with the info. I almost crashed on the Staten Island Express Yes, that's crying isn't a good thing in the back of the police car You know what? That's good for his ass because every time I call he hangs up on me So payback is a you know what it is. I can't say it on the yeah Yeah, you know a lot of people are around the open Anthony show off discovering that payback's a bitch lately. Yeah, it is Listen those signs yesterday. Yeah over the skyline. That was awesome Like the big wow in the sky great that I think we made radio history yesterday, man That guy that rule that guy risked a lot of things to get up there to put the wow in the sky over Central Park It did you know what cook a lot and you know what you got a number one in New York City and the NYPD Loves you guys too. Thanks, man. Well, that's why we need you to rough up spas a little bit Oh my god, don't say that why because reports already coming in Angelo from Rikers says that spas is already up to six cigarette Cartons, they're trading already. They're already buying this kid The night song for him is going to be called through Well Chris from the city spas is a night in jail is cheaper than a hotel room Yeah, I don't think the butler's gonna be ironing his heavy metal t-shirt tonight Rikers, all right, and have a great time. All right, Andy. Thank you. You guys will syndication now. All right We're trying Joe from Brooklyn. I haven't heard someone scream Ben so desperately since the last time I saw Star Wars That's the last words we heard from Spas This is sick, I'm feeling bad for the kid now that's no tonight. He's gonna sound like the chicken the graduate Oh That's his life just sucks Let's go our key spas we're getting a bunch of emails coming in let's go to Keith Hey, someone's got to call us back and tell us what's going on. They drove off with spas Keith. What's up? Hey, how much more credit the spas left? I have left on his credit card after his $3,000 birthday No He used all the rest of his credit on his credit card to put the down payment on his Credit card and bail they give it all the put that down or what? I don't know. We don't know we don't know anything right now The last thing we heard was spas yelling for Ben and Ben hasn't called back yet. I got a cousin in there I'll give him a call and Tom to look out for spas. All right, Keith. Thank you All right George what's going on? I gotta tell you I just got home from work I just got off the train the people looking at me like I'm psycho come crying in tears from laughter Oh god, I think a lot of people laughing God bless this happening there I can't I'm having trouble laughing at this. I really am I mean the whole I'm know cuz on the outside It's very funny and everything but I mean picture little spas in a Cub Scout uniform Going to jail. Oh, he's gonna be sweet meat in the pen tonight All right, George. Thank you. Take it easy guys. Did you ever watch that show Oz? Oh Pete, of course, I have you see the new what happens to the new fish. Yeah, it's not good It's not pretty. Uh What's going on? Eve. Yeah, how are you? Oh, hey yo, please send the job, please let him get to my rusty Trump on his We don't know what's going on the last thing we heard was what you guys heard Yo, he is hung up on you on so many occasions, please send me the job, please. All righty. Thank you I am outraged that this hasn't happened sooner Greg what's going on? Hey As the battle cries now Call you guys like religiously Like if you don't like what you say in two seconds, it's like hang up the phone. Yeah Yeah, he's like gone at a phone thing over there. I know he is Hey you guys are great man. All right paybacks a bitch We're learning lately around here paybacks a bitch obi-wan Kenobi checking in Opie the Opie and Anthony show You will never see a more wretched hive of scum and villainy What didn't spaz just pull some of that Jedi minecraft honor I'm not the spaz you're looking long Big Kevin back in the studio He was he was bodyguarding us spaz out there when the our listeners were abusing spaz. Can what happened? What did you see out there? I? Couldn't believe that there weren't more people coming up to insult spaz and so spaz finally had to resort to insulting people as they walked by right and he'd pick out anything from their weight to To press their religion. Yeah, I was hearing that there a lack of hair. Yes, the follicle impaired were victims Some other things that I don't think I should say well endowed lady. Yeah Right black people so what'd you say I swear to God I heard him yell and Jemima to a black woman Yes, he did. Yes. He did so that'll that'll really help him out in the joint tonight So so what so what? What did you see the cops said grab them and throw them in the in an unmarked? Yes, and he was waving his sign the whole time In fact somebody walked up to the police car as it was making its way around the corner and slipped a five dollar bill in the window and just flipped spaz off I Can't thank you everybody checking in on instant feedback, which is writing Ben All right, let's go to uh Adam Adam what's going on Actually, I think it's pretty cool that spaz is waving the sign all the way and I got to give it to give him that but I think if he gets another call from jail you guys should just say we're not talking about that anymore hang up on him I Can't sit on the ground guys. All right. Thank you. Bye. Let's go to Johnny Johnny. You're next on any w hello Hey, oh my little dick. Oh boy He's gonna have such a good time tonight Do it quiet, huh? I Think it's time to do a doctor Smith. Yeah, that's exactly what you gotta do. All right. Thank you. Oh Oh Look at that the pictures of what we got to give these right to Steve the pictures of stinky and our boss Ken Yeah, look at that. I say arms around each other at last night's party spaz couldn't make it and he was always talking about hanging out with Ken Stevens our big boss and Stinky who is actually spaz's employee Was right here with Ken Stevens drinking it up. Look his arms around him. Here's another picture of them Just conversing Looks like he's not gonna have the opportunity again for another three to five. No There you go Away. Oh, man, let's go to rich the phones are just going nuts rich. What's going on? Yeah Steve wondering if Ben's last name is Dover I Let's take a break Anthony. What about man? It's always a mess on this damn radio show the spaz of Brett from from the tombs wondering if spaz has a purty mouth I Will take a break we'll be back stay there Anthony's evil, but Flying start here on the opi and cruel and inhuman show Rockaway bedding Anthony Rockaway bedding how's that Rockaway bed? It's great Over 130 stores around New York and New Jersey brand-name mattresses Sealy Stearns a serda and what other kind is there? Stearns and Foster. That's right, but your head's not at the foot of the bed where the label is is it? I'll see you later, baby It's a is it take our girlfriends to workday I'm in constant litigation. All right Rockaway bedding I Gotta get my digs where I can't help these weights. Okay Rockaway bedding Yeah, Rockaway bedding the only major area mattress store offers your free steel bed frame free delivery free complete removal of your old bedding And that's very important You don't want to lay in there in front of your house for all your neighbors to see How they guarantee you a better night's sleep with your new mattress purchase and a better night's sleep is the most important reason you bought Your new mattress isn't it? Shop at one of the area stores You could drop right in a friendly a sales staff will help you you lay down on the beds check them out Or give him a call 1-800 try a bed 1-800 try a bed Rockaway bedding the best and friendliest place to get your new Brand-name mattress with the best prices and free service Psycho mark Rockaway bedding the official provider of mattresses for Anthony and Jay more Rockaway bedding give them a call 1-800 try a bed Some days, you know for a laugh riot and other days you just flat-out sock we know it interesting It's the ONA show never a dull moment around here that's for sure That has been arrested spazz has been arrested news folk and spazz has been arrested they carted him away And I guess there's other things going on outside Anthony yeah, yeah from what I'm hearing Anthony very pissed off right now Yeah, well, it's ridiculous Well a little bit of a double standard going on Other hits the cash that we're gonna need the bail spaz Count the cash because we're gonna need it for bail money for spazz We'll hear from them eventually, you know, it's funny after the court appearances and lawyer fees. He's now gonna be about 50 grand in debt This worked really well All right, so what's going on outside I hear some other Worthless station Station that doesn't get ratings was was trying to interfere with our little shindig downstairs I believe the same station that has started playing our bits to try to get our listeners to listen to them passing by with a Bullhorn yelling and harassing our audience correct out in front of in front of our building Boy gee I do where we instructed after a cry fest from someone else that we weren't to do Anything like that to them. Yeah, we're more than willing to fight but we were told we're not allowed to fight anymore So but if you want to believe me if you want to battle if you want us to unleash the troops on your sorry asses Come on, feel free. But but don't you don't go crying to the boss When we unleash because it will get so friggin ugly your head will spin your head will spin around Do you believe me? You really want to be enemy of the show? Do you? One stubbed enemy of the show. It's it's disgusting. We end up feeling bad for you See there is a true double standard going on. We've been told we're not allowed to talk about any other Stations that are owned by this company or interrupt any other station or influence us, right? Correct, correct. And what have we done left it alone? You know why it's inconsequential these people are a nap on on our asses at this point We're destroying them was it I'm trying to get attention. Was it actually another station or was it Joe Joe? Real subtle no, it's it's it's it's inconsequential. They are nothing They're just trying to get attention But you know when you go crying to our bosses and say, you know, they're picking on me and we can't We can't fight back So we're gonna make you stop we're gonna tell our boss and he's gonna call your boss and make you stand So we have a choice here. We'll Approach our boss. Oh, they'll call your boss and tell you to stop or We pull out the stops and go to war. Yeah, I'm all for that. We have no problem I would love it will make you guys cry. It will be insane. You won't be able to step out of your Your effing building Without being destroyed you want that so what what went on? Don't mention the station because they'll dump out and believe me what what what went on the battle will be real fair When you're able to pipe in after playing 20,000 songs when we could just sit here on a tirade and rally the troops and you have to Maybe in between a full fighters tone you could Launch something yet. Try to attack his back boy real fair with one of your cute little scud missiles when we're blowing atomic bombs your way So what happened? We got I need to know because you don't understand the crap we have to deal with when we're not on the air We're told to do to do something for the company. We we we we haven't done anything We've listened to the rules that have been not set down Because we don't have to talk about them. We don't care. So so spazz is outside He's getting insulted a certain van drives by and what happened? This is when he actually was right after he got arrested Certain van drives by with a bullhorn and starts to haggle our listeners. Oh boy. Gee Exactly what they told us not to ever do again Hey, they went as far as getting out of the van and coming over and handling And now a young lady stepped up and stuck a sticker on their van Okay, he grabbed her grab one of our little interesting that's nice very good. That's really nice. Good. Good. Good Grab the listener tossed her away Well, I need to know what we're gonna do about this right now because we're ready to unleash the troops. Where's uh, Where's Ken or Jeremy? Are they around? Okay, cuz we got about 60 seconds before a A Tyrate is unleashed before the Enola Gay leaves the friggin tarmac Colonel Tibbets at the helm Titan to Colonel Tibbets is ready to bomb Believe me. It will be so friggin ugly. Look, let us fight. We'll fight. Yeah, I sound like Jay Moore now Let us fight but one of I want to play like that to a big day. Can I play through us? You know, it was like, you know that memo we all got We're the biggest yeah funds that we get we get dumped out of at the mention of names on this show And if we pulled something like that, I swear to God we'd either be suspended or or fired or another month tacked on to our syndication tacked on to our sentence They are the sneakiest mother effers in this town Pussy babies too. We do one thing. It's cry cry to the boss. Look what they're doing to us And we're like we don't care we'll fight fair. I don't care. Let's roll. Let's go. Let's go. Let us fight But no today they they started they played one of our bits on your show That's always good to get our listeners to listen They played us Stephen Lynch He's on the phone with that station good we'll sit here and wait good let's find out Let's see what happens Before we dub somebody enemy of the show Alert the airfield. I beg you. I beg you to let us fight I'm always up for a good brawl. Yeah You guys need to do some kind of chain all the way down the hall so we know what has been said Mmm. God let us fight Give me a break bunch of pussies puss puss puss puss On Effing believable they get us in trouble. They cry you guys should hear the crying that goes on when we're not on the air They've been picking on is we can't end them. We don't know what to say back. So you got to make them stay look how fast We forgot about this The boss are Germany area. Jeremy Jeremy spoken. Okay, did you hear what just went on? Yes, I did Okay, I did and I'm already on it and I have a feeling this is gonna end with people being fired Let them know people gonna get fired I have a feeling Because we have been told we have been on the brink of firing when this started we have been given a set of rules Which I think we have it adhered to that is correct and they have On time and time again just broken these rules. It's a double standard. It's ridiculous But like we said if we can go to war I would be totally fine with that happy with it We would love that or it could be handled through your end of it through your channels From the war for right now. Okay, don't put the cover too heavily over like those damn I Jap ambassadors they sent to Washington while they were bombing Pearl Harbor. Are you? Now we all hang back all cool and stuff and our our boys are on the Arizona or in flames No, I promise you the boys on the Arizona are safe. You're not French, right? Yeah, you're not French either. Oh, yeah, we all know how quickly they turn helping you It is yellow Look at the listeners and I make you a clip while you're out China can't look at the listeners are begging Please send out the troops give the word and I'll go to war. We have fighters We have on this show. We have the biggest army in this whole day of loving very it's all cute to do this I swear to God we can unleash a Maelstrom Ernie what's going on? Yo, what's up, man? Not much. I just want to say man I'm Martin Madison Avenue you give the word and I'm there See they just dumped out say Look at that. Thank you. All right I'll keep it real see that's exactly what happens with our show So we're we're we're we're going by the rules. Uh-huh. All right, so so it's being handled through diplomatic channels Yeah, I'll give you a full report tomorrow morning. Thank you Colonel Jeremy, we're more concerned about this than spaz being arrested by the way. Yeah, it's not being arrested is nothing So I'm understanding the hierarchy of import here. Yeah. Yeah, this is of a galactic import So I should do nothing about spaz being arrested then now we'll take care of it I think we got bail money usually by recalling all again There goes Jeremy spoken And Return to base this on the bomb Real cocky real smart till tomorrow that was cute You know move you don't have balls like n I and I and I will we'll put our jobs on the line right this second We got a ball to do it. We don't care. I love LA I'll go there It's it's warm Where's where's your car going Florida? This is the crap we have to put up with all the time sneaky bastards We get in so much trouble the second we do something I swear to God people cannot imagine the the management that comes down on our asses from various stations Not just our own management, right the second we do something the second people think we're gonna do something How about that fiasco? We have what yeah, we have management From other stations that are listening to us right now We've been banned from things that have nothing to do with radio We think it doesn't matter if there's even the inkling of a threat by us we get screwed and And they could pull that kind of crap. Goodbye Goodbye, and don't go don't be confused here. We're and I are not wimps with a with a I would love to battle We'll battle we've never lost the battle. I am so confident in our troops out there in the field. I Would have no problem Totally pulling the stops out if we lost or ended up hitting the boot so be it All right We're very pissed off and this girl outside that wants to wow us then my comment that all of a sudden got top priority Look at that. The spaz is now in third place. The Enola Gay is second and boobs first Let's see the nose cone of little man All right, what do we got? How you doing, okay, are you like 18 at least yeah, how old you 18? We got it. All right. Now we dumped out eight seconds. We just dumped out a lot of the stuff that your curse word You're actually the girl that got Pushed around by this other radio station by this other man. Yeah, okay. Oh Man, we even have a little girl too. We even have a witness Right here Oh Ponderous Virgin well, we don't know that's got some German you're a you're 18. Who's that? Studio may let us have some fun you girl for We haven't seen an 18 year old girls body and I'm just messing with you. Yeah. Wow, you weren't even born when I started radio Not even that all but all right. Let's uh, you're gonna show a little outage. Hey, that's stockbroker Dave right next to you. Yeah She's frightened I'm kidding. And what's your name? Allegra are we gonna hook up Allegra with a ton of stuff? She was she was harassed by that other station You're like the peacekeeping force coming in now, you know watch you'll be able to calm us right down. Yeah, that works Believe me it works. All right, um, we're ready Let's say Okay. Oh, yeah Bravo, bravo. Very nice. See what comes out of your mouth right away. Wow That's nice. Wow That's good. You know what? That's like Like a snare drum over there What do you wow look at that Throwing out the cash We're much happier. I believe if we see your uh, your backside of I'll really be calming You're kidding. Well, look what look what's coming at you right there Oh Let's just put it this way, what would you do for a hundred dollars? Oh No, we're not playing allegra's a hoe are we? No, we're not playing allegra's a hoe. Hope you're insulting I'm just asking what would you do for a hundred? It doesn't have to be sexual. It was just asking a question Anthony, right? Is the boy from pistol? Okay Can we play what's uh, what's in your pants? Studio mic We need a we need some kind of cell phone or something use one of the in-studio microphone No, we wanted to do it like under the console or something right in here yeah right there. All right. All right. That's good Why don't you set this up there? Well, we got a guy that wants to pull a kamikaze mission Bob what's going on Hello. Hey Bob. I serve at the pleasure of opiate Anthony I regret that I have but one life to give Say the word I'm your faithful servant Bob we appreciate it. I'm glad it is mine to Die we really appreciate there's such a double standard going on here. It's not even funny We're more than willing to fight with whoever wants to fight us But we're not allowed to and these other these other people get the get to do whatever they want to our show Yeah, it's not right. Thank you, Bob. We're not scared of anyone. We'll fight anyone in this damn town And then and then they get to you know, pull up with their van with a megaphone and try to disrupt something We're doing can I just make a statement? Yeah There's a naked girl in the studio. Who cares? Where is she? Well, I'm waiting. Where did Mark take her? Why did Mark take her somewhere else? Why? Why did Mark? It's not like she's calling from Jersey she's right here we don't need to play the phone game Let's get her in here. She wants to do it on the phone. She doesn't want to do it in the studio That's the only thing. Oh really? Well, that's how you play the game Ask her if she'll do it in the studio for 200 Say yes, Allegra, please say yes Never done this with the acoustics of a microphone. I'm used to hearing the sounds of the cell phone. All right, here comes Allegra All right, listen, listen, I listen Okay Hold on. Hold on. We'll talk it through this. Yeah Psycho mark you let you like a like a damn rapist There's no tech. There's got to be a coot today's Larry. What's going on? Yo guys, what's up? Hey today that putt even said that he was going to do something against you guys He said when he first came on the air so he's gonna plagiarize another radio station and a quote-unquote another radio show Well, we'll find out have fun Let us know we'll get him that pud may be out of a job people will get fired over this either that or they have To allow us to fight. That's it simple as one way or the other you either fire someone or or you know Take off the cuffs and let us fight one way or the other We've been behaving we did everything the company told us to do But more importantly back to what's in your pants, okay Allegra, all right. You ready to play. What kind of pain is you got on? Oh boy, you're gonna hate me cotton Victoria's Secret cotton. Yeah. Yeah, just take a look see In front of her boyfriend stuff, though. I'm not paying attention to him Those are pretty good All right, they do the job All right, so you know how to play what's in my pants? Okay, it's got to be on bear, you know, whatever we're gonna use the microphone Hey Make sure Fez uses that microphone today. Maybe we'll uh, hey Hey He'll be scared straight All right, well you guys can't I mean if you're gonna guess you can't All right, Dave you're gonna play there I get on this side of the console we can't look okay All right, everyone get on this side of the console anything Okay I'm blindfolded. All right. Well, I got my blinders on all right Allegra. Okay. No, I can't see from here. I swear All right, all right, so tell us what you're doing Her panties are down little 18 year old young thing. Okay. Yeah Okay All right. She's rubbing. Oh Okay, and now back and forth if you would Wait someone Mike or Joe get your money give her Joe Joe you asked All right, so let's start over okay, you're obviously whatever you have okay, all right take the microphone and go in a up-and-down motion Okay, all right now side to side side to side Okay, I got it Okay, I got it. Oh, well wait, this is too good though in and out motion back burger day Any circular motion if you will Wow, okay, yeah All right, um, it's not broker Davis to you All right Yeah You can okay. There we go. I'm going with the wood floor wood floor for stock brother Dave floor fresh wood floor Okay, I'll be your guest triangle Okay, finally groomed. I am gonna say yeah natural triangle with a lovely tattoo of right above it I Could tell by the sound on the what's the tattoo of I Why why only half a heart your boyfriend has the other half That is devotion can I see your half Looking at the chick relax I thought I was talking to him. That's cool. Yeah, like the Jesus out of me right there. All right And what'd you say? I said a triangle you saw If you had an open line of sight you look to of course What kind of triangle is it well groomed or is actually more like a square? You know, nobody let me guess I was being honest. I had my blinders on and I was wait, give me a second Oh No, I think no I was I was gonna say a lot of the song Paris. I was gonna say a mohawk mohawk It's not a mohawk closest to that. It's like a square Okay, thank you. I have say that. Yes. I heard she's telling you let me say You let's see no way. Let me say yeah, let's let me say I can't agree with that. I can't agree. Thank you Yeah, look at that a triangle though. No Thank you who wins that's a mohawk Look at this I get no support very cute And I didn't look Right, all right. That's a two-to-two. I don't think so. I think it's a triangle. I think it's a well groomed try Okay Ah Very nice that rock that's definitely wrong. All right, Ben hook her up with some prizes Phil what's going on? You're on the air man, what's up do it dad get arrested was priceless. Yeah, it was around comes around Did you see him get arrested? Oh, no, I heard it on the radio. It was priceless I know when he screamed out Yeah, that was hilarious, all right cool. Thank you Phil. No, dude. Yeah, I Got you like a sporadic over the United States. Well, we appreciate that. You know that Phil syndication underground man Yeah, I will thank you. No problem. Bye cycle mark stops no, this is another girl who wants to play what's in my pants Oh, really? Who's this other girl? I don't know It's like a marker insane that's a guy whoa, that's a girl. I see the girl. Yeah, Steve Yeah, but second marks definitely, yeah, okay Hi What's your name? Just Janice. How you doing? Well, we kind of have to take a break. First of all, who's the guy with you? They're all it's the boyfriends now coming in Were you guys outside too for the whole mess All right, cool. I rewore USO show. All right, and let's take a quick break. Okay We'll take a quick break and we will be back stay right there Seven WNEW All right, it's the opium Anthony show Another wild day today, huh? Hell yeah, oh my two one two seven five seven one two seven Jeremy's taking notes from the witness Anthony. Yeah, the girl that was roughed up roughed up by another station That's that has been told To not mess with us as we have been told not to mess with them and we have kept the truth as it were Because they don't want it they believe me they don't want to battle with our listeners don't be confused We're not the pussies We're not the ones that ran for the bosses crying and screaming stuff We would love to pull all the stops out and just like go BS on them Because I get a sick pleasure in knowing that If we were able to do what we wanted to do, they could not even go out in public believe me It would get that ugly But And we listen we concentrate on our show. That's all well Jeremy's running around. He's trying to handle the situation Behind the scenes Anthony so Colonel Colonel Jeremy, we'll see how he handles this one We're just trying to do another entertaining radio show and has General Ken been Informed up to speed on this. Ah, yes, he has Anthony Such double standards yesterday, they're playing one of our bits on the on their station. Yeah And now today they're driving by in their van with megaphone harassing Not driving out getting out of the van and interfering with one of our little Projects that we had today and roughing up one of our female listeners a petite girl and We're told that they're not going to be able to do it A petite girl and and we're told we're the problem with very nice breasts and a finally trim triangle All right, we have another girl that wants to play what's in my pants I believe Anthony, huh? All righty. Where's the wacky what's in my pants game intro music? Yeah To play hey, guess what's in my pants? How'd you like to go by wrong, huh? I like that. Okay. Uh, her name is janice We've taken this what's in my pants game to the next level now We're doing a live in the studio live in the studio on a live microphone Uh the mic that fez will be using tonight on the ron and fez show Something that's not familiar to me. It's gonna be scared straight tonight when he gets a load of what's going on never smelled this before Janice, how are you? Good. What's your boyfriend's name? Leo leo leo leo, you're uh, you're a short guy I like tall women and your chick is pretty tall. Yeah, how tall are you? Uh, leo about five six five five Five five don't cut me down in your lower five four tops. Steve. What do you think five four tops? And how old is your uh girl? Uh old Why how tall is your girl? That's a very important question. How old are you on our show? 23, okay tall about five nine five ten. Yeah. Yeah And uh, you guys were outside. Oh, no, you said you just came rushing down to the station, right? Because you want some of uh, Dave's money New game on the show do stuff for day win valuable prizes What's in stockbroker dave's wallet that's pretty good people are checking in from uh, rykers they're now playing what's in spaz's pants And the funny thing is the answer is bubba Well jazz, would you like to start with a little wow you think uh, little shine what do you think? Today actually, oh, yeah, so it wasn't wednesday had so much fun. No, you know, it's whipping out whenever it is whipping out Whenever a lot of people use four we started slow with whipping out wednesday, but at this point it's whipping out whenever yeah All right. Let's uh, all right. Here she goes You have to impress that wall. There we go Bravo Very nice there it is. What do you do for a living? Me? Oh a professional escort. You are an escort. Wow, you go out with an escort Actually, that's how we met really you called her up for a date I was actually a driver So you drive to the place she does her thing and then gets back into the car you drive her home type thing basically, yeah interesting Very interesting and you have no problem with what she does Wow, she makes like over a thousand dollars a day cash. Yo, bro No, no, you know, so are you like her pimp How can I plug uh what we got going? Oh, okay. I see what it is now What what boyfriend but how many other girlfriends you got dude? No, no, we are boyfriend girlfriend leo the pimp. How many you got in your stable bro? How many? so far two or three right now I understand I hear you. Does he beat you up jennis? No Never lay the hand on you. Where's my money bitch? Where's my money? Only in that None of that what a wacky scene we got going on here a little crazy tell you the truth looks like she could kick his ass That's true. Yeah, leo the five four pimp. All right Hey Pimp hand we know the killer pimp In the studio, so, uh, where's the money? All right, if she's a professional though, I mean she's not gonna get off easy like uh, like uh, I forgot the nick girls gave her any Allegra allegra. Yeah, we want to see uh, you know what you're I I best dump out of what's I'm talking about. Dave. That's it. All right, uh, and I won't repeat it. You're capable of a lot of things Um, we'll give you where's where is he? Get her all in here I want I want no description of what she is doing From anybody else look at all Don't you worry don't you worry my friend You'll get what you would do it together It's What's the inventor of electricity right there on the cover of that green back they're over here now over here now Okay Should we throw a stinky your bone today? What do you mean? Oh like a little uh Little pratt. So the party action whatever would be uh get stinky in here Stink meister, where are you? I like the way this sounds already. Oh really stinky Meet janice. Hello I think she's uh cute there stinky. She's very cute. There you go You know, she's uh an escort Yes, I think I heard that what you called before you know what escorts do stinky I think I have an idea Yeah, they like go out on dates with you, right? Right dates. Sure. That's what you call a little Dave you get a little ice cream soda. Yeah, you play some you you go bowling maybe some night bowling Sure, or uh, you go to the arcade Play some some air hockey on a little date and then you get a soda with two Stinks I think I got a little too graphic there No, or maybe there might be some romance. Let's say I should have I should have put it more in those terms Uh janice janice show stinky some romance Yeah, well look at him. Where's the money? Where's the money? Yeah, this guy will kick your ass. He may be five four, but he knows uh, what's going on Hmm Janice show stinky some romance Yeah I don't know like uh I think we really want to see this I'm sure I do All right, what is the pimp saying? How about this? Guido the killer pimp? What's going on? Leo leo leo the how about we throw all right one of those say she should show him some romance, you know Oh One of that one of that one of those and one and and the clothes come off at least that We get that going So far. Oh, there's plenty more where that came from All right, you know we do it in steps hand one of those hand one of those to leo the killer pimp All right. All right Okay Yeah, and then everything comes off at least we get a you know, see stuff That's all that's a good deal see we're bargaining is obviously we want more you know, I mean, oh well Pictures are always extra. Okay. Okay. Well, let's see what the goods are first before anything starts snapping You know All right. She's uh, disrobing. Uh, yeah, I got a nice little slowly. Uh, this robs. I gotta go The phone's real fast. Uh, you keep going over there. Uh, jen. What's up? How you doing good? Uh, i'm talking to Yeah Oh great Well, we're dealing with the situation behind the scene. Yeah, it's being dealt with. Uh, thank you Thank you, dan. Now that we haven't declared anything don't you please do Uh, well, we're waiting to see how it's uh handled behind the scenes All right All right, thank you. All right, man. Thank you. Let's say a joke. Could you uh, maybe move them like down and Okay, there we go. That's good. Oh Uh, well what's going on over here? She's covering up. She's taking the top off. Yeah, she's she's a shy escort Are you aren't you? You're a little shy Sometimes she's got a hunk of the bow. That's okay. I got a hunk of boa stuck to her nose, too Just think there you go. You got it All right, she did it she had like a thing hanging there I don't know what that was. Um, yeah, okay. Yeah, what was how much there was a piece of feather? Oh a feather boa. I thought he's a booger. Yeah, it's like wow, that would really ruin the moment You got a booger stuck to you know, yeah, yeah, so stockbroker dake you're handing him out Everything could come off. Yeah It was a hundred bucks for naking Okay, yeah dave said that ain't naked Yeah, give me some more. Yeah. Yeah, don't worry when this all when this is all ends We're mutually all gonna be very happy. All right, you'll be happy as a businessman We'll be happy as a room full of horny ass wipes Don't you worry All right. Yes. Thank you. Help her out man. Yes. Thank you. Come on the hell get down there Oh God this is so wrong. Okay terrific. Yeah Okay, horrific. All right Now what do we got there? Yeah, pull that off. Yes, she's taking off her uh skirt thingy. Mm-hmm. All right. Yeah All right, there it goes coming off. All right. What are you wearing there? That's some kind of a Fong thingy, right? Let me see the back of that All right Okay, terrific That's not naked yeah All right, like I said we'll all be happy when this is over very nice, let's see there we go Look at her she's all shy How can an escort be shy? I don't get it. Should we show her another one or what? You ever do a bachelor party or something? You ever do that? Yeah, that's a lot of guys, right? Yeah, I just think there's no drugs that are gonna have a girl involved. Yeah, it's a girl thing Well, this is good. You don't have to split you don't have to split anything. She already left Uh, well, all right now, uh What was next we were going to do some kind of show, right? Money the money's all right. Uh, the money the money's next and screw spazzes bail money, man Oh my god, we used to spazzes bail money Is It's a sad day Oh my god Okay. Well, do we have anything any extra curricular? Uh things Stop broken. Dave coke bottle coke bottle. Let's ask. All right fatty r buckle come down Let's uh negotiate with leo the uh, the killer pimp. All right, leo Yeah You know benjamin franklin, don't you? Right, of course probably good friend of yours very good friend. How many times uh, would you need to see ben franklin? To do a magic trick now with a magic trick would be the incredible disappearing coke bottle Hmm Just another 200 would do I don't know what the hundred thing is, but i'm talking i'm talking baseball cards with pictures of benjamin franklin on it benjamin franklin Okay, uh stockbroker day Deal deal Oh Keep it in plain sight Oh, okay, this is uh, this is all right. Oh, yes She's like a like doug henning a coke dispenser if you Frieden rey just like a magic Wow, what the hell is that? Yeah Whoa All right Wow, look at that. It's yeah Oh, yeah. Okay Well, yeah Coke and a smile Oh Baby you gotta charge your next trip on those tricks. Oh, come on. Wow, that's very nice What are you gonna do with that it's a big huge foam finger it's it's kind of uh Like um limp Yeah, something better than that someone passed me my coke. Oh No one We didn't have anything in the office Oh one of those Here we go. Yeah, go get that thing Uh tom, what's going on? Get the thing. Hey, what's up, dude? I've been listening to the radio for five hours now listen to this train wreck radio ads best Oh Jesus christ Yeah Yeah, we're all over the place today. Aren't we? Oh my god from spaz getting arrested to disappearing coke bottles What are you guys gonna do next? It's a magic trick is all it is I'm dying over here. I'm dying over here and poor spaz. We're using his bail money. Oh my god He's gonna get tooled. All right, tom. Thank you. Take care. Bye Oh All right Wow, well we've had a lot of fun once again today Oh, look at the time. I know boy that last hour flew. Yeah, we got to get out of here No, no, no, no, no, all right. Are they did they find anything? For the finale I'm gonna have to do this off the air Uh, I think we might have to get us off the air. Yeah, we can't be late again today after yesterday's fiasco Are we ever going to uh resolve that issue? Uh, yes from the end of yesterday's show with our producer At any point he's not talking to anyone. We're getting a lot of instant feedbacks and phone calls people curious about what goes on He's not talking to anyone about it Okay Or maybe tomorrow 202 there Bail money spaz is freaking bail. You're gonna need that Oh my god What are we waiting for? Um stinky's looking for the thing. Ah the thing the thing from the office Andrew what's going on? Yeah Yeah Distress All right, thank you and you have no clue what you said, but thank you He's uh calling from deep below the earth's crust and this this just coming in I believe we have audio of uh spaz when he was being taken away in the cop car. Yeah. Yeah Let me let me i'm looking for that. Let me hit the uh tape over here You guys cannot use my wiffle ball back. Oh, wait a minute spaz, uh from uh the jail ouch ouch ouch Uh anthony spaz on the line spaz. Where are you? I'm moving in now Oh, wait a minute, uh, I I think that's that's him on the phone he's meeting new friends spaz you there Anthony Yeah spaz how are you doing in the joint All right, you guys cannot use my wiffle ball bat I have to put my foot down. We'll get a new one It's our wiffle ball bat. We got a wiffle ball on there. Something could go on top of that, you know, too like Like uh leo's spare tire or something, you know, oh you got that you got one of those Yeah There we go. Hey, what about the bat? Yeah. Whoa, put it over the bat. All right, you can do that Dude, you go down to dwayne reed you buy yourself a new little wiffle ball bat What's my wiffle ball gonna hold us back from seeing this? All right Okay, this is worse than the pine tar incident remember that I Could use that bat to pick sides for her team anthony I i'll i'll bet i'll guess uh now stepping up to the plate She has an unusual stance at the plate quite the grip on that bat someone get a sharpie Why because we want to mark, uh, you know, we want to mark. Oh, okay. Yeah here and then we'll see uh, Hey, we got to auction that off. Yeah, give it We got so many things to auction off these days stinky your new job your job today is to is to mark The bat where you know it like yeah, I think he totally understands without saying that. All right Let's say this is the grand finale of the show. I guess anthony. All right, what a train wreck. It was today Jazz whenever you're ready whenever you're ready There she goes Okay, she's rounding third and heading for home all right that it She can't speak she's choking All right, let's see it's like the world's smallest portable chair You ever ride a bicycle without the seat There you go Mark it stinky what it was stinky's mark in the bat Okay, stinky in some countries you would be married That bat's not going to need a pine tar. No, definitely not for a little grip Trying to break the record. She's trying to break her own record. She wants to break the record There we go Athletic competition at its best That's a nice grip Did she break the records? No, huh, that's okay very good. Well, that ain't bad All right, stinky. That's that's wonderful Have that put me a sealed evidence envelope and well Huh? I think she just did you need a plug. What are you nuts? Just a quick one. Yeah, go ahead plug enticing escort seven three two six eight two fifty two fifty All right Leo finest only the finest leo the killer pimp opi. This has been a bang-up show It's another award-winning opiate at the show. We're at the brink of war Our own spaz is imprisoned And we've had a girl do things on the radio that we can't even talk about Fantastic. We are at the brink of war. Yeah, what a day seven three two six eight two fifty two fifty All right, man Leo everyone, okay, we gotta get out of here What a day what a day what a day uh stockbroker dave, uh, thanks for coming by thanks, man Were you happy with uh the results wins wins stockbroker dave's money? Yeah I can't believe what she did Stockbroker dave's gonna take his money and give it to her and I can't even tell you what she's gonna do Win dave's money Would you like to come in every once a while and play uh win dave's money All right, i'm sure we'll get some contestants. All right, let's get the hell out of here Yeah, please. Thanks for listening to this mess and it was a mess today. We were very very tired Over at the tombs All volunteers gonna have to stay up for night. He's gotta stay over. We still gotta figure that out. We'll be back tomorrow, too Okay As we leave you We're at the brink of war. Yeah Tune in tomorrow tomorrow to see what happens another day on stand down but on the time act Colonel gibbett and his crew on full alert their deadly cargo in her belly There you go. All right, we'll see you guys tomorrow, too. Thanks Hey and your mom did say I was hot Oh, come on mom don't bang all be my mom i'm yours I say lay back and enjoy it the hell with the bargain ride 1027 w20w