 Hello? I thought I'd inject a little intelligence into this conversation here. That has no place on this show. I know that. Hopefully, and after they're more stupidity on the way. 1027 WNEW. Ah, yes! It's Monday! Yes, it is. Off. February 28, 2000. Too great. That's right. Get your ass up. You know how it is. Monday. You're starting to drag, aren't you? You had fun this weekend. Work sucks. But that's what we're here for, right, Olpe? Correct, Anthony. Phone line 212-757-1027. The fax line. 212-957-9639. So, Anthony, how was your weekend? Fabulous, Olpe. Fabulous. Had a very good weekend. Yeah, I stayed home pretty much. I did absolutely nothing. I wanted to, like, walk around the streets of New York. Wow. Yeah, right. People were voicing their opinions. They could suck my... You know what? It sickened me to see how the protesters were treating the cops over the weekend. Yeah. Sickened me. Yeah. Getting in their face, trying to get a reaction from the cops and stuff. Spitting. Spitting. That's wonderful. Trust me, the cops don't get paid enough to deal with your crap. That's good. Because you're so freaking upset. I'll tell you one thing, though. It gave a whole weekend full of just some of the best sound bites on the news when they interviewed some of these people. Jesus Christ. This just gets started right away. I ain't seen nothing like it. I swear I heard somebody say that. I ain't seen nothing like it. I was roaring. Damn, my Irish can't talk. Give me the post, man, because there's a picture of Oprah. Oprah. Well, you're going to say Oprah? Oprah, see? What's Oprah? I was watching too much TV this weekend. No, not even Oprah. It's freaking Whoopi Goldberg getting in the cops' face. That picture really pisses me off right there on page five of the post. What's her problem? Just trying to get a reaction out of the cops. That's not Whoopi. Of course it's not Whoopi, you ass. It looks like Whoopi. What are you, rigging? You're such a tool. Rigging's like, that's not Whoopi. Duh, I know it's not Whoopi Goldberg. It looks just like Whoopi Goldberg. That picture pisses me off. I was infuriated on the train today when I saw that on page five of the post. If she wasn't so attractive in that picture, I'd be a little more upset with her. But I want to look at her. Not every cop in New York City was at Wheeler Avenue for the Diallo shooting. So why are you taking out on this guy? Well, Opie, they're all just racist. Racist? They had four jurors on the goddamn case. I'm sick of hearing this black and white racist crap. Well, now they want to get the Justice Department involved. What happened to double jeopardy? Not the Alex Trebek one, you know. Once you tried for something, found not guilty. Well, that's it. They get around that with federal charges, Anthony. And it only pops up on the race trials. Because if you remember the Rodney King guys, the cops for the Rodney King thing, they didn't get convicted the first time around. But then they come around with this other thing. So if you're not satisfied with the first verdict, what? You totally throw the judicial system out the window and go for a second verdict? Oh, yeah. Excuse me. Not supposed to happen that way. I'll tell you one thing. The judicial system in this country absolutely blows. Absolutely blows. On many different levels. When a couple of times justice is served, it's refreshing. And I don't mean justice is served because Diallo's dead. That was a tragic mistake of judgment, an accident, whatever the hell you want to call it. But justice is served when four guys that were just doing their job, albeit they made a mistake, but four guys doing their job don't go to prison. That's justice. That's all it is. The jurors themselves sat, heard every piece of testimony, more than any of us heard, more than you read in the paper, more than the rhetoric out of Sharpton's mouth every day. They heard everything and they came back and said that they didn't have a case. The prosecution didn't have a case. There you go. End of story. And all those protesters, they're just convinced like the cops are going to get it off completely scot-free and no justice has been served. I'll tell you the truth, man. These cops and their lives are completely screwed at this point. They got like ten cop cars each hanging out at their residence because they're scared assless. Eventually, they're going to be off the force, almost guaranteed. Not only that. If you look at any of the other cases that have happened in the past, these high profile cases, they're always let go from the police department. Or early retirement. Most of these guys are going to have to relocate to a completely new state. Their lives are completely screwed. Not as screwed as the Aulowine, I understand that. But they're not going to go about their lives like nothing happened at this point. And besides that, the courts aren't done with them. I'm sure there'll be some kind of a civil trial where they'll try to get money out of them for wrongful death. You know, it's far from over for these guys. But it just sickens me, these people getting in the cops' faces over the weekend. Yeah. Like every cop, you know, is in the wrong. They're convinced every cop is in the wrong now. I truly believe the cops did the wrong thing over there on Wheeler Avenue. I can understand that. But take it out on every freaking cop patrolling the streets of Manhattan, because you're pissed. Yeah. God, I wish some of those cops freaking just took the barrel of their gun and slammed it over these people's heads. The restraint is amazing on the cops' parts. Wouldn't you just want to run people over with your horse? You know, you take your nightstick, your stick out and just work someone's head over? You know how it is when you're being taunted verbally and you just have to stand there and you just want to punch someone in the face? And your blood is just boiling inside? Yeah. Everyone has a breaking point. I give the cops a lot of credit for not losing it over the weekend, because I saw so much footage of the crap these guys had to put up with. That's rough. Tough job. It pisses me off. Would you get a ticket this weekend you want to get out of? I'm kidding. I'm kidding. Come on. I'm being serious, man. That picture in the post really set me off. Who? Whoopi? The Whoopi Goldberg picture on page five. I know it's not Whoopi, you ass. Jesus. What happened to Whoopi, too? The color purple or whatever that stupid movie is? What is it? What movie is it? The color purple? She was in that. I know. God, she's gained an esophagus of weight in the last few years. But look at that picture. That one right there really infuriates me today. Whoopi Goldberg. I didn't realize she had time away from Hollywood squares to get into a cop's face. Look at the cop. He's just like, oh, I'll deal with this. With Whoopi. All right. Let's go to Gino. Gino, what's going on? First call of the day, man. Hey, guys. We're throwing on love. Even though I'm pissed by Kornike in Thursday night. Oh, yeah. Sorry about that. We're going to do something soon. And no problem. The Meadowlands. Speaking of which, the road show, you're obviously talking about Mulcahy's last Thursday in Wantaw. We got some great, and I mean great footage up on the foundrymusic.com website, the unofficial Opien Anthony website. I haven't had a chance to get on a computer yet. Well, there's a bunch of lesbian video clips and stuff which are almost impossible to download at this time because everyone is just pounding it. Yeah. I'll do it late at night. Yeah, do it real late tonight and you'll see what you miss. You're not going to believe the botchery that was the road show. Hey, isn't it amazing how much protesting you can do when you don't have a job to go to? Jesus. I mean, what's going on? I'm telling you something. These people are so pissed off at the cops. Whenever they want a drug dealer off in that corner, you know what? Let them call out soft at Calvin Butt. See if they can take care of these guys. Calvin Butt's talking over the weekend. Yeah. Unbelievable. Don't cut it out. A little bit. I'm on the crossbar. All right, man. Well, thank you. Hey, guys. Take care. Love the show. Good job. Keep it up. All right. Cool. Let's go to Tommy's. He's a cop. Tom, you're on NAW. What's up, man? You guys are a voice of reason, you know? I'm tired of hearing all the garbage we've been hearing all weekend. It's ridiculous. Man, and the big thing about the change of venue, change of venue. Guess what? If they didn't get a change of venue, you think they would've set a jury? I'm standing in front of a judge any day of the week. Right. Okay? There's no way I was going to take a jury trial up in the Bronx. Hell no. What's also ridiculous is, listen, guys, this was tragic. No doubt about it. A guy lost his life. I don't think anybody's debating that point. These guys are walking around the rest of their lives, you know, thinking this through. Okay? Yeah, that's... One thing you want to do? Listen, try to recruit them on the job, okay? And then meaning anybody that lives in the city of New York. Well, everybody on the job's outside the city now. We don't want to live here. Right. Okay? I got to be honest. Yeah, it's tough. Listen, every politician's going to want us being here. Oh, there's a phone. Tom, you're breaking up really bad. Yeah, you're honest growing up. Okay, real quick. Tom, call back. You broke up really bad. Let's go to Chris, another cop checking in. Chris, what's going on? How's it going, guys? Well, I'm on your side, man. I was pretty pissed off about how you guys were treated over the weekend. You have no idea what it's like to be there on a Saturday afternoon and a hundred people throwing wallets at you and shooting me. Right, right. Oh, is that what they were doing? Is that the gimmick? Yeah, it was a nice little twist for my afternoon. Jesus Christ. And you're there to protect them, pretty much, is what you're there for. You're there because if you guys aren't there, there might be a problem and some of those people would be hurt. Absolutely. So you're there protecting them, yet you're getting razed and taunted. Yep. That's beautiful. Yeah, it was a couple hours of taunting. It was really nice. Great. Well, Chris, I appreciate you guys being out there to protect us. That's for sure. How do you blow off steam? You go home and smack the old lady around? What do you do? No, I wouldn't say I go that far. All right. All right, Chris, thank you. Good point, guys. All right, let's go to Bobby. Bobby, you're next on WIDW. What's up? What's going on, guys? I agree with O.B. at 100% with these black protesters. I didn't... Whoa, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Hold on. I saw plenty of white protesters doing the same crap to the cops over the weekend. Don't make this a black and white issue, please. Well, will you look at this way? Whenever you see a white cop getting shot by black guys, they freaking go nuts. But these black guys, they freaking suck. They have nothing else better to do than protest about a guy getting shot. There's a hell of a lot of white people doing the same thing, man. It wasn't just black protesters. But it's ridiculous. They have nothing better else to do but protest. Go get a job. All right. Well, I've noticed in the past when a black guy shoots a cop, a black or white cop, it doesn't matter. When a black guy shoots a cop, there isn't really an outrage or anything. It's almost accepted. Right. It's like, well, you know, that's the job of the police. And unfortunately, this poor lad that shot the officer had to deal with things as he was growing up. And there's excuses one after the other. Excuses, excuses. All right, the guy's dead. Over and done with. Go do something else. Go protest something different. Get a job. Go smoke some crack. Go drink some 40s on the corner. Jesus. All right. Thank you, Bobby. All right, guys. Jesus Christ. Man, it's so hard to just have an intelligent conversation sometimes. We like to get a little intelligence on the show every once in a while. Barely. John, you're a cop. What's going on, man? Hey, how's it going, guys? Good. You know, I hear a lot about how the community is misunderstood out there and they're afraid and they think nobody understands them and the police don't understand them. You know, I tell you what. Welcome to the life of a cop. Nobody understands anything. You know, I mean, you know what? I tell you what. I don't understand what it's like to go out in the Bronx. But they don't understand what it's like to go out there and do what we do, either. That's a good analogy you're making because you guys go out there and what you're saying is the same thing they're saying. You don't know if somebody's going to shoot you at any given moment. I tell you what. Like I said, I have a younger brother and he was in the place of Armadillo, man out of, you know, I don't know, a few questions myself. Absolutely. And I'm not making light of it, but... That's why when you put it on a personal level like that, you put it on a personal level where, okay, what happens if that was your brother or your son? Well, yeah, you're going to be pissed. You're going to react to it different because it's personally affecting you. It's personal to you, sure. But for everyone else, for society, when you take yourself out of the picture and look at it with an open mind, you realize, all right, yeah, there were some mistakes made and tragically a guy's dead, but you don't put four guys in prison for it. That's not how it's done. Right. You know what I mean? Let's stick to the issue, stick to the facts. Because I tell you what, the first time I don't stick to the facts, oh, I'm on the carpet. My God. Right. What a nightmare. And you know, you just brought up a real good point about how, you know, a white or black cop gets shot down in the street. Where's the outrage when a cop gets shot? There's no outrage. There's no barge. No. How can you not have a barge in, what is it, in Indiana where that kid was just dragged to death by the guy who carjacked his mother's car? Yeah, I guarantee they're partying behind closed doors when one of your guys go down. I don't fucking guarantee you that too, but you know what? I'll tell you this. You can't say that because being honest is just like politically incorrect. You're not allowed to be honest. You're right, man. I tell you, and Jesus, four white cops in the car, let's put more black cops in the community out there. Let me tell you something about the street crime unit. They're the up and coming go-getters. Those are the guys that are working real hard out there doing the job in and out and putting up big numbers, you know. I'm sorry if there's not a whole lot of black guys out there doing that being put into the street crime unit. The reason they don't shoot down white kids in the street, I live in a white neighborhood. I never see street crime guys in my neighborhood. There's no guns and drugs in my neighborhood. I'm sorry, but they're put where it's necessary. Nobody seems to understand that. This is just a big conspiracy. Why are broke people carrying around wallets? Oh my God. You've got to have some idea of something. You've got to carry a gun. You've got to keep a little comedy on the shelf. Yeah, I got to look too serious for it. I was looking at all the news for Joe the Weekend. I'm like, man, it doesn't look like they have a dollar between them and they all have wallets. What is the point of that? It's causing them all to carry something. All right, John. Take care, guys. Thanks for the support, man. Take care. I am outraged. Broke people that have wallets. That's funny. I didn't say white or black. I said broke people. Of course you did. I heard you. Shut up. That's what I'm saying. No, no, you said broke people. That's all. Mike, what's going on? Hey, what's up? What's up, Bow and A? Hey, what's up? Hey, I just wanted to tell you the rumors online about the WWF coming to your place in like 10 minutes. There are so many rumors that Vince McMahon is going to ask you to come to Raw tonight. So many. I want to like so many wrestling sites. Every wrestling site has a rumor that you're coming to Raw tonight. Well, we have been invited to Raw tonight. We have been invited to sit behind the announce table. No, I mean like it's like you're going to be in the ring. Like they want you there, like in there. Oh, yeah, right. That's literally insane. I'm not going to like I'm not going to do like Ben Stiller did and get in the ring and look all awkward and stupid. Have them like beat me up and stuff. If they want to give me like that, that, that. Oh, he's cursed at me. If they want to give me that like fire cannon thing. The flamethrower that X Paco used? Yeah, on Kane. I'll shoot that. I'll shoot that tonight. Opie. Huh? What if they let you come though? Would you do it? Get in the ring? What are we going to do in the ring? Yeah, we look silly. Oh, no. Did you watch PaperVee yesterday? Honestly, I did, yes. It real? I was so bad. That's the first one I've checked out in a long, long time. It sucked, right? Well, the mankind thing was out there. Yeah, I know. The fall he took at the end of that match is just unbelievable. So. Oh, and Anthony. Yes. Anthony, the game The Sims that you've been talking about. Yes. They're making a game for I sent it in the instant feedback. They're making a game for Dreamcast in Japan where you play as God and you got to make sure this kid says his prayers and does his homework and stuff. Oh, really? I'm sorry about that. Well, thanks, Mike. All right, yeah. Yeah. I guess the WWF has a huge surprise for us at 2 30. Yeah, just about 2 30. So we're waiting for that to happen. They're upstairs? All right. This would be a good time to take a break then. What? Oh, you do? Well, tell us. You got to tell us. Huh? Yeah. Ivory. Ivory is the big surprise? What? Oh, God. Are you serious? All right. Let's take a break. We'll be back. We're out of control. We're still working. All right, knock it off. 1027 WNEW. Booyah. Booyah. All right. 1027 WNEW. It's the O&A show. What the hell is going on here? I don't know. They're putting newspaper over the door of the studio. This is Rick doing something wacky. The WWF has a surprise for us. We believe it's going to be Ivory. That's what Rick said. He came down and said Ivory. But why is he putting newspaper over the windows? Huh? I don't know. There's a bunch of people in the hall, though, so I don't think it's Ivory. No offense to Ivory. No offense to Ivory, but when you're hearing huge WWF superstar and we've had the likes of The Rock in here, we've spoken to Vince McMahon himself, Shane, and then the WWF presents us with a huge superstar. You know, we all like Ivory and stuff. I hope it's Moola. If it's Moola, I'm going to make out with her. Yeah? Yeah. How about we put her on the rotisserie and play cards on her back? Or Mae Young. You think Mae Young would show us her thumb bags? I think so. Are we ready, Rick? They can open up the door now. All right. Here we go. And hey, what's up? Wow. Everyone must be a photographer. You don't beat me! Come on, Ivory. Look at you. It is you. Wow, you're shorter than I thought. Now we feel bad. You're not going to beat me up now, are you? No, no, we won't beat you up. I think you could kick my ass. Here, grab that mic, man. So everyone can hear you. Hey, listen. Wow, you're beautiful. Do you want earphones or anything, Phil? Yeah, you can get Ivory headphones. Hey, guys, I have got a surprise for you. Uh-oh. Oh, you're bringing the surprise. I thought you were the surprise. She's a messenger. Now, I'm going to bring it up in levels. Okay. First of all, you know you're coming to MSG tonight. Yes. The show. Yes. And we got you all set up. Uh-uh. The dates are under your names. What is it? Window 5 or whatever we'll call. Yeah, okay. Now everybody's going to go there and say they're open and answerable. Okay. Okay, then. I said I'm going to bring something. Uh-oh. Say the best for last. Okay. Can I be your manager tonight? Sure, but I don't know if I'm doing anything. Uh-huh. You know, we don't know until we get there. Yeah. That's why this job is so darn surprising. I got the full spread, the latest raw magazine of China. All Opie's favorites. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. This is your official WrestleMania magazine. Everybody's past WrestleMania gigs are covered in there, plus all the superstars, current WWF superstars that will be at WrestleMania. And you guys are going. What? To WrestleMania? I got you tickets here, not just to the event, baby. You got free airfare, you got transportation. All you gotta do is pack a bag, you got to pass the hotel for a couple nights, you're going to all the parties with the superstars, and you get to bring little Rick, your jabroni. Rock. See? So there you go, Rick. There's your jabroni. Alright. Well, that's pretty cool. I must say, that's very cool. Hope you hit me. Wow. Look at this. Thank you so much. And I'm telling you, it's like covered. All you gotta do is bring some slick leather, a nice leather jacket. Where's WrestleMania again? It's in Anaheim. That's right. Anaheim. We're going to California. We're going to Cali. This isn't like a trick that we're going to get to the airport and get excited. No way. You have to fill out your pertinent information. Yeah, look at that. Oh, I just made my day. Isn't that awesome? Partially invites, yes, Mae, and a guest to an all-expense paid trip for two to attend WrestleMania 2000. Oh, baby. You rock. Huh? You rock. And it's going inside. You'll be at the Hilton over there. Oh. And of course, you know, we're all going to be there for like five days. Yeah. So there's all these parties going on and big events. So we could like hang out with you guys? And of course, we'll get out of Anaheim a few nights and go into L.A. and do some trashing over there, right? Right. Yeah. Oh, my God. Wow. Now, that's pretty good. That's coming to the table. That's coming to the table. What can we say at this point? And let me tell you who set this up is the McMahon family. Yeah. This is coming straight from the McMahon's. Now, where is Vince? Where's Vince? He's been on our show a bunch of times. Oh, great. Yeah. We love him. He'll be over at the garden tonight. Yeah. He's busy. That man is a genius. Is he going to be in front of the cameras again? Is he coming out? No, because you know, Stephanie's running the show now. Oh, no. That triple H. God, I want to smack him in the head. We're getting sick of the Stephanie angle. Vince has got to come back. Shane was on the pay-per-view last night. I'm very happy about that. But Vince needs to get back in front of the camera. Isn't Shane a great wrestler and a great performer? That guy has energy like there's no tomorrow. When he walks out and makes that face like he just smelled a bad fart. Yeah. Yeah. It's great. Yeah. I think a lot of the fans are waiting for somebody to bump off the little brat, Stephanie. Yeah. I'm sick of the Stephanie storyline. Yeah. We need to move on. It was good for the first few months. And she's doing like tour de force on that little bratty girl number because she's the sweetest thing. You guys I'm sure have met her. Oh, yeah? She's the sweetest girl. Yeah. Honest. We haven't met her yet. We haven't met Steph. Well, you've got to meet Steph. We'll get her in the hotel room in Anaheim. Oh, baby. Come on. Are you feeling naughty or nice? Well, a lot of our listeners are saying we're weak for talking to you guys today. We're really pissed off for the WWF. Yeah, we had some issues. Yes, I heard. I got all the skinny in the limo. But hell, it doesn't take us more than a free trip back in our good graces. Hey, we're whores. What can we say? Right. Just like anyone else. Would you like to talk to some of our listeners? Well, you know what? Let me tell you. If you guys weren't so passionate, you wouldn't have such a great listening audience. Yes. You have all the permission in the world to get pissed off, to feel pissed off and let the world know about it. I'm not as pissed at the WWF restaurant thing anymore because since then we've pulled it on our listeners twice. Really? With our appearances. To be quite truthful. I know. Things like that happen. They do. You know? Yeah. But you know, I'm sure we'll have some other great moments over there with the superstars in a little more controlled environment that will be more intimate in person. They're trying to get something together for us and our listeners at the restaurant. Great. That's what happens. Right on. Wow. This is a great gift. Fantastic. All right. Well, I'm glad you're very happy with that. Rick, are you surprised? I'm surprised. Can you make a muscle chicken? Do you have a date? Rick loves muscle chicken. Wow. Look at that. Oh my God. Damn that's good. What do you do? How much working out do you do a day? Well, I don't work out as much as I used to. No? We used to be in the gym like six days a week. Those big three-hour workouts. You know? I remember. You'd hang out all the time. You know, you're just strong, into being strong. Now, of course, you know, since you've got to look great for television, you just eat really good. I eat a lot of fish and vegetables and then you get to gym to do a little cardio, you know? I agree. I've got to say. Chase some sweaty boys backstage and boom. You have some of the best raps on the WWF. You make me laugh so freaking hard. We have fun, don't we? That is the truth. You've got a great rap going. The best thing that happened was having Sable leave. Yeah. It gave you a chance to shine. Sable was a little bit of a, I call her like a hair clog in the drain. I mean, Sable did a great job, you know, for the time she was around. She had no personality. She couldn't act worth a lick. Hey, give her the mic skills, though. Do you boys want to save on Grind? Yeah. Well, you know what? Enough of the fans did. Half of the fans were satisfied with the Grind. I guess. It took its course. See, at the WWF, we have such talented athletes and performers that, and I think the reason why we have such a fan base is because everything escalates at the WWF. Everything. I mean, you know, a guy can flip and fly and have great moves, but he better have something next month that's out of this world. Of course. Whether it's a change in attitude, a change in look, you know, a trimmed out body or, you know, muscled out or, you know, whatever. So the angles have to change and that's what's helpful with the great storylines that McMahon He's a funny guy. Yeah, he is such a great element in our show. He's a hard worker and the guy is probably, what, the most hated guy in television today. Oh, yeah. And, you know, it really takes a lot of cumption to be a hated guy when you work your butt off to do it. Right. I mean, I had to get used to that as a bad guy, you know, going out there and, you know, what does a bad guy do? You mouth off and you get your butt kicked for it, right? You make people laugh, though. And then you work hard to make the other guy look great, like a hero, a heroine, and then you run out of the audience and they're like, I'm a yourself! And that's your pay off. Big pay off. Let me ask you something. Talk about ego problems, you know? When you're slamming down Mae Young or Moolah. It's weird. Let me tell you. Is it? Because I've seen you deal out some major league abuse to these old bags. You know, they beg for it. I'm telling you, you guys. They beg for it. You come back in the locker room, you know, Mae Young's always bleeding somewhere. Oh my God. Really? Yeah. One night she wet her pants and the camera guy caught it. But can I tell you, even with the guys, when the hard girl is out there slamming, slamming Mae Young down and she'll say, oh God, honey, I hardly felt ya. You gotta light it in, honey. And of course, when she showed her cans. Her can. Oh my God. Her boob. Whatever the hell that was. And you like the way they kind of fuzz it out, but not really. I don't know. Now, we know something. I don't even think that was fuzzed out. I think that was just the way her boob was. Yeah, it was bad. That was wild. They are troopers. And early January, they said that Mae and Moolah have been wrestling for seven decades now. Isn't that amazing? They're in their upper 70s, right? Yeah. And they railed over the ropes onto the floor. I know. It's amazing. It was so weird when they first came on and then I had the angle with them. And God, night after night, when you, okay, they had beaten me up all the time, right? Because I always get your butt kicked. But when you finally rear back and you're going to nail, you know, in WWF, you don't punch once, you punch 100 times fast. And you're railing your fist through this old grandma's face. And I'm telling ya, you're conscience is screaming loud. What the hell are you doing? You've gone too far. Stop. It's the best storyline. Man, it was wild. Hilarious. What were you doing before you hooked up with WWF? Well, I was doing, you know, I live out in Los Angeles. I just moved out of the rat race though. You know, I moved like January 15th and I've been there all of three days. All right, we can stay at your house. Yeah. Cool. We're coming over. We're coming to Ivory's house. I left LA and I can't quite get away from LA because all the promotions are there and you know, flights, you just end up there and, ah hell, send me to LA. It'll be easier. I know what to do there. There's a lot to do. But I was doing some stunt work over at Universal Studios, you know. Oh yeah? I was a little girl on the totem pole, but you learn a lot of new tricks. Like, you know, I'm fully trained in a bullwhip. Were you on that show? And look out, here comes our Zip, Swip, and a really riding in the tunnel. Were you on the Wild West show thing? Yes, I was. Was that really? It's so funny about that show because there's two shows. There's the heroine over at the Waterworld show where she's like the big girl. Oh yeah, I saw that one. We saw that one. Yeah, that's a real fun one. A lot of fire in that one. Yeah. Pretty cool. Tons of pyro. It was really fun. And then we had the Wild West show where the character that the girl plays is this ma hopper where she's this old farmer lady, right? She's got these three grown sons and you know. And I kept saying, hey, come on, I don't fit this part. You know what, I'm really finding this to be a stretch. You know, and everybody at work would just say, Lisa, just be yourself. You are ma hopper. And it's like, you don't see yourself being like that? You know, that's when you have to trust people and just go with the flow. Right on. So. Hey, a lot of people wanted to say hi to you. So can we take a quick break? Sure, absolutely. And then we'll be back with Ivory from the WWF. Stay there. All right, here comes Anthony is here. But Opie is worse than Hitler. We're off to a flying start here on the Opie and Cruel and Inhuman show. 1027 WNEW. I'm all for violence sometimes. Anthony. Hey, you guys are a bunch of push. God, I want to punch you in the face. Better leave a bruise. 1027 WNEW. All right, we're back. Huge surprise today on the radio show. Wow. We have Ivory in the studio from the WWF. Yeah, baby. Yeah. And she just like gave us a trip to WrestleMania. Yeah. Wow, you and me. That's cute. What's your date? That is very huge. And we thank you. Thank Vince for all. And we'll have a great time because we'll have a party together. Yes. You know, see what goes down at WrestleMania. 16. I can't wait. What made you 16, can you believe it? That's amazing. Unbelievable. Seems like yesterday the Hulkster was body slamming Andre the Giant. Wasn't that the first one or the second one? I think that was like the first one. Was it the first one? You guys will probably have a great time flipping through the WrestleMania magazine because it covers all the past WrestleMania's. I find that one right in there. I got it on the way here. Yeah, there's the first one. Hulk, Mr. T. Yeah. Oh, my God. Look at the ultimate warrior. Oh, my God. Haven't thought of him in years and a very young, goofy looking Vince. And that's Shane. All right, let's go to phones. Everyone wants to talk to Ivory. If you have a question, 212-757-1027. Let's start with Mark. Mark, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey, Mark. Ivory. I hear that Tori might do Penthouse. Is there any proof of that? Yeah, there's some rumor to that. I'm sure she might be a sweet girl, but the girl's built like Lex Luger. I'd like to see you and that girl lead our life. Oh, baby. Well, you know what? I think that actually this is something that Tori's been working on with Penthouse before WWF days. Really? So now it's kind of come full term, and I think they're just kind of waiting for the right time. Because you know, now that we're doing SmackDown for network television, I mean, golly, we can't even word G-strings anymore out there. I don't know. I like how you... They've got to time it right so that it doesn't... At least you guys are showing the flesh on the pay-per-views. I like how you tamed it down for like a week. Yeah. That's pretty funny. It's like, no, we're going to tame it down. We've got to get the sponsors back and stuff, taming it down. Right. This is a lot of attention to the censorship right now, but you know, we're going to do it whatever we do. A week later, I'm still seeing panty shots when the hoes get in the ring. Oh, yeah. Now, you know, there's some talk of getting permanent hoes. Permahose, really? Permahose, yeah. Really? I think the magic of the hoes is that they are what they are. Well, yeah. And they change from town to town. Where do they get them? Let me just ask you. Gee. Do you want to see picture-perfect hoes or do you want someone to fall over themselves, fall out of themselves? The LA hoes. They're beautiful. They're sloppy. That's what a hoe's all about. Yeah, but some of them are just downright scary, Irie. Come on. The LA hoes are cool. The Chicago hoes. The Atlanta hoes. When you walk into some of those bars that I'm sure they get the hoes from in every town, you never know what you're going to get, and that's how it should be. Imagine for these local girls, you know what a thrill that is. The WWF is coming through town and maybe all get to be a ho tonight. They strut their stuff. They think they're all bad, and I'm at home going, oh my God. Oh my God. This is just a train wreck. That's the beauty of it. It's real. I like the ones that just lift the leg up to get over that rope, and the camera is right down there. It's like, oh my God. Oh, she had a salad for lunch. And you know, I mean, I know in Los Angeles, when we have, you know, when you drive down Sunset Boulevard, actually it's Santa Monica Boulevard, and you see those perfect-looking hoes, the perfect hoes? That's a guy. So who wants a perfect ho? You know, you've got to be in question about that. You know, sloppy, feminine, you know. The skank hoes. Skank hoes. We call them skank hoes. Skank hoes. Eddie, what's up? Yeah, I want to ask Ivy something. Ivy, every time you rest, you come down with a purple scarf. What? What's up with the purple scarf? What's up with the scarf? Well, I'm waiting to find out. Oh. You know what's funny about when you're in a cast full of, you know, 50 awesome people, you know, there's got to be one thing that you do all the time. And then, hell, you can explain it later. That's what I figured. We'll write it in eventually. That's what I figured. Right. And yet, I would love to start choking people out with it. I think that what I want us to do is start merchandising those so that the little kids can buy them. And then in the audience, see, what you could do is use the ivory scarf to strangle the guy with the big sign sitting in front of you. That's the most frustrating thing about those signs. You can't do an event. You can't see crap. You know what it is? After you've been watching, yes, but watching on TV, it's great. I know. Some of the signs make you laugh. Which one is like caught? Has there been one that caught your eye that you just laughed your ass off? Well, there's one that I loved. It said, I think the guy's still out there somewhere. He says, I showered with ivory. That's pretty good. You know? So I'm trying to make a T-shirt out of it. I think that'd be great. The other one that's pretty ivory. You put on your hand wash only. Yeah. Oh, baby. The other one that's pretty good. I'd rather be in China as one of my faves, too. Pretty funny. All right, let's go to... And of course Jericho is gay as always. Why too gay? Why too gay? Yeah. John, what's going on? What's up, guys? Hey. Ivory, you are the most beautiful wrestler in the WWE. I got to tell you, she looks 20,000 times better in person than on television. She sounds great. She's gorgeous. Well, we'll have to meet up someday at the entertainment. Are you ever going to come back and start wrestling again? Actually, you know what? If you can stay up real late at night, tune in to our other shows, Jacked and Metal. We have Alive Wire. We're rocking most of the time. Yeah, and Jackie and I have been doing a lot of work wrestling for that belt. So we've been kind of doing those little half-hour shows here and there. And it's always a great opportunity to get in there and fight. Although the other night, I got a chance to see that we were kind of out there wrestling, kind of setting up for the Deadly's to come in and they get off on Slamming the Girls through tables. So earlier in Sunday night heat, they came out and they wanted to do one of the hoes. And I think they got distracted or something. They were chased off. Then Jackie and I went out there and started a big match. And they come out, break in, and they were going to slam Jackie through a table. But the Hardys came and saved us. So we're loving getting a chance to actually fight around the championship again so that we can bring in some new fighters. We've got plenty of new girls. They're all waiting in the wings. That new girl that's coming out now with the Mexican guy that can't speak English. Right, Lita and Rios. Those two are unbelievable. And Lita is fabulous. She's a woman that she sought out to be a wrestler. I mean, she grew up next to the Hardys. She's real good friends with the Hardys. I can tell because they all have the same acrobatic moves. Right. I mean, I love seeing people wind up at the WWF, especially in the women's division, who are women who sought out to go after this job and this profession. You know, not just ones that show up for the attention or something, you know? But they're actually there to contribute something to the entertainment package. So, you know, it's great to see her. We've got also another girl from Los Angeles, Karn Mauer. And she's a stunt girl, full-on stunt girl, and she's also a contact fighter. So we have to teach her how to not to kill us in there. So she's up and coming. And we've got Trish Stratus from Toronto, who you hear on the radio. And she's really into wrestling. So she's been training. Now, she's a fitness kind of model girl, but she's also an athlete. So I think she can pull it off, you know? You can't learn how to wrestle overnight, but certainly you can take a few bumps and, you know, get our crowd excited. What, Sable did well? Yeah. And then hopefully we'll see Luna back in the action, too. You know, I'm hoping that she's out for a little while, but not for a long while. I was just reading on one of the websites they released her. Yeah, well, I think that's kind of Luna's MO, isn't it? I mean, you're today gone, tomorrow back to the next day. That's true. So I'm hoping that we see more of her. Eddie, what's going on? You got a question for Ivory? Hey, how you doing, guys? Hey. Ivory, I got a question for you. Yeah. When is your next match with Chyna, and are you afraid of her? Oh, baby, that girl's three times my size. You bet I'm afraid of that girl. Yeah, but you can take care of her, right? Yeah, I can snotty-mouth her down. You can kick her in the ring. Yeah, baby. Beautiful. You know what, I'm telling you, that was a really fun night, being in the ring. Great. Whenever you get a chance to be in the ring with someone new, you know, it's great to look them in the eyes out there with all the fanfare happening and excitement. Beautiful. I'm telling you, man, I looked up at her and as afraid of her as I was, I was going, God, she's kind of hot-looking. Did you want to bump donuts with her? Oh, it's like being in the ring with an action figure that came to life, you know, especially with that big gun she's blowing off now. Anyone in a... True life action figure. Anyone in your life speaking of that? Well, I have a special somebody, but I think he hates me because I'm never home. Yeah, I'll tell you one thing. I get too much fun on the road. Yeah, he says, yeah, well, you'll call me late at night when I can't talk, and after you've had all your fun all day long... You call me when you're really hammered. What is our fun? What is our fun? But getting to the next town, you know what I mean, getting in the gym, getting in the next arena, eating some yucky catered meal, you know, and putting your boots on and going out there and figuring it out. I don't know. When I watch you like coming down the ramp and you're just full of pee and vinegar and you're screaming and your arms are flailing, all I'm thinking is the poor guy you must live with. Like if you didn't do something or you're angry at him and it's just you see that face coming at you. You know what? It's true. Yeah. It's very true. That's why I gotta be nice to this guy because I don't think I'll be able to find another one to tolerate me. Really, I'm a handful. Imagine that. That'd be great, Mr. Ibrahim. Hey, Ibrahim, so... Oh, yeah, it is. I can guarantee you that. Get her up there and then get her all pissed off. Oh, yeah. And especially with an athletic one. Yeah. Oh, we're good. Let's go to John. John, you got a question for Ivory? Yeah, what's up, guys? Hey. Hey, what's up, Ivory? Hey, John, how you doing? Good and you? Good, really. I just wanted to know, like, how is X-Pac in the back? Because, like, he's my hero and stuff. Oh, he's a great guy, man. Yeah, he's got super family and he's very quiet, you know? He saves it up for the ring, that's for sure. Yeah, like, X-Pac is my hero and stuff, man. I love the kids. They're fun. You know, he is a great guy and he's very humble, you know, he's really nice and gentleman-like towards everybody, as far as I know. Yeah. Oh, baby! You ever, now, there are a lot of kids in the audience and we could give two craps, but you ever look out when you're wearing, like, a G-string and barely a top and think, oh, my God, I'm looking at a 10-year-old looking at me? No. No? I think, I mean, any embarrassing moment I've had in my underwear, it's just the same as being in a bikini on the beach. Yeah. I mean, you know, yeah, it plays different because you're all supposedly humiliated, that your clothes have been ripped off your back, you know. In our show, we call it the money shot, you know? And if you want to be on next week, you'll give them the money shot. Wow. And you want to show off the body, you've been working on it so hard, right? Well, I'm fine with people seeing my body as long as there's a reason behind it and there's some action involved and we can make it fun, you know? Mario, you got a question for Ivory? I have a couple if you don't mind. Sure, I'll hit it. How you doing, Ivory? Pretty good. Do you have like a wrestling background like your family, like a lot of people in the business? Oh, yeah. Here's my wrestling background. We've got two older brothers and an older sister. We used to clear out the furniture in the living room like most American kids. And they would have to fill it by themselves. Yeah, well, we would wear those big old brief underwears, you know, and no tops. And then we'd be like, tagging wrestling. Do that now? Yeah. Want to reenact that? Listen, Jabroni. But we actually have little kid pictures of us doing this where we clear the furniture out. And it was just an excuse for my brothers to kick our butts, you know? We got mugged so much. I was the youngest in our family. Yeah. And it was the old, you know, all the high school friends would come over and my brothers would go, they'd get real cool all of a sudden. Hey, please give me some milk. One, two, three, four. And if you weren't back by the count of ten, boom. Done. You're crying, ma! I'd do that to my younger brother. That's pretty good, yeah. I had a younger sister. And you know what I recommend? I recommend that to all young families because you come out normal if you get mugged early on. A couple times. Of course, you know. You have another question, Mario? After a while, you can't touch him in certain spots and there goes the wrestling with his sister. It's like, oh, Jesus Christ, I just touched him. Get away from me. I got a little upset with you from that pay-per-view that time. When you were wrestling in the pool, you couldn't get BB's pop off. Oh, I know. Yeah, we were all hoping you were going to get that on. Yeah, man. Is that part of the plan? I tell you, I give it up for you guys because those brahooks are tricky. They got part of the plan and it just didn't work? Well, if it came off, it came off. If it didn't, it's a tease, baby. That's what it's all about. What was there, like ten snaps on that thing? Really? On the back of the upper eye tension line. You almost didn't have to undo it because you were spilling out the top of it anyway. Yeah. But we had another moment where I think it was Summer Slam and Tory and I had a match. And the high spot, of course, was the end when, why does Ivory have to take everyone's clothes off? I don't know. I'm always mad about something and I've got to take everyone's clothes off. I don't get it. Taking off from eight young kids. How's that looked into? So I'm out there trying to jimmy the top of Tory to get it going. And then here comes Luna racing down that ramp to get me. And for the life of me, I couldn't get that thing undone until the last second. Last second and you run out before Luna gets you. But man, those hoops are tricky. I think they ought to switch to Velcro. Velcro, yeah. His undertaker coming back? Yeah. We can't wait to see him. Soon, hopefully? You know, he got that injury and then he was all, he was healed. He was getting healthy. He was back in the gym working out, getting strong, tore a pep muscle. Dang, baby. He had like a groin injury or something? Yeah. So and thank goodness he was able to take some time, you know, breaking the storyline and all, to go out and get fresh and get healed. Right. Is he back soon? You don't have to tell us exactly. I hope so because, you know, we all miss him. We miss him so cold a lot. Yeah, of course. We're missing Val. Val's out with a little neck twinge and, you know. I thought he was just filming some more porno. Yeah, right. His, I got to tell you, when he comes through the Jumbotron and that tape that plays when he comes... It's good, isn't it? ...is the funniest damn thing with the drill going into the metal and the smokestacks billowing. The lily blooming. The lily blooming. He comes up behind a bush just wearing an Army helmet. God damn, is he a pisser. It's perfect. Let's go to Pete. Pete, you're next with Ivory. What's up? Oh yeah, what's up, Ivory? I just think you're very sexy. I also wanted to ask you a question. Listen, how is it that you guys stay in such tip-top shape and, like, you don't really get hurt? You know what? Well, everybody gets hurt, you know. It's, first of all, you got to do to stay in shape is, you know, watch yourself on television. You know? If you see the buns jiggling, you go, oh my God. I mean, every time I watch these matches, I just go crazy. I'm like, oh my God, I can't believe you guys don't get hurt. I mean, I know it's like a payment, but it's so real. And you know, you know, Hardcore Holly, I mean, how ripped he is. And that guy, he, you know, he wakes up like two, three times in the middle of the night to eat. That is. And he is so strict with his dieting and his workout plan. He's always the first guy in the gym in the morning. But the other night at a house show in Little Rock, he was wrestling with Rikishi and an elbow hit him in the ribs, torn cartilage. Ouch. I mean, that guy is so hard and strung tight that, you know, yeah, once in a while those guys, they, you know, spring goes sprung. Sorry, I hung up on you by accident. Oh, sorry. Who's on the line? Right now? Yeah, what's your name, bro? Luciano. Luciano, you got a question for Ivory? Yeah, I wonder if she has a triangle or mohawk. I have a mohawk. Oh, we should have played Guess What's in Ivory's Pants. Especially after that Caribbean photo shoot. You couldn't afford to have much down there because we didn't wear much. Really? Yeah, you don't want to be hanging out the sides. That's true. Look at now, I'm averting my eyes. You better wax that fever good. She likes to play. I like that. Joe, what's going on? What's going on, guys? How's it going? Good. You got a question for Ivory? Yeah. Was she involved in that glow wrestling? Oh, yeah. It was Tina Ferrari, baby. I was the champion. Tina Ferrari. Tina Ferrari. Oh, yeah. I have one more question for you. What? Are you going to introduce her to the Map of Hawaii? What's that one? I don't get that one. Well, we'll explain that to her. The Map of Hawaii. You know J. Moore, actor? Yeah. The actor. He's good at his shows. He'd come up with a funny line about, I guess, she's, you know, and I don't know how to put this. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. I think it's a funny line. your time. You're hanging on every word. Well, we're... A map of Hawaii. A map of Hawaii. We're trying to be polite. Yeah. We're not polite often on this show, so you should appreciate that. Mike, what's going on? Hey, what's up, man? She'll kick your ass. Exactly. Mike, what do you got for Ivory? I just want to ask you, is Cactus Jack, is he really retiring? Because, you know, he loses these matches, but he's going to retire, he comes back. Hey, if Michael Jordan can keep coming back, so can Cactus Jack. Because, you know, he's one of my favorite wrestlers. Me, too, and I hope we don't lose him. I mean, I know that he's had certainly a long, extensive career. He's done just about everything under the sun. And he's got a family to attend to, but, God, we're going to miss him if this is it. I know, but you guys are losing everybody. You had Austin, Undertaker, Cactus Jack. Well, you know, Austin's just, you know, he can't wait to get back. He's coming back, Undertaker's coming back. Yeah, those guys will be back. Yeah, we can't wait to see Steve back. And, you know, these guys, too, they act as kind of pinnacles in the company. And in the locker room, you know, we have a lot of big personalities, a lot of charismatic people. So you have to have certain balances, and certain leaders tend to offer that balance in the locker room. You know, it's like you don't want revolt, revolt, and all the little... You get... You know, you've got to have some people like The Rock is great with that, too, because he kind of sets a standard of hard work. I mean, that guy has... I don't care. You know, when you're on top, it's a hard spot. There's big boots to fill. Especially with the schedules these guys keep. It's not just what they do on television for us, or out in the house shows every night, and all the great performances and the skill they show, and the entertainment factor, but they go visit kids. You know, they go to book signing things. They go to everything under the sun to make a name for our show. So when, you know, you hear a little glimmer of jealousy from one of the other guys or the girls, you know, because the girls do that, too, you just kind of go, you just got to shut up. You know, that person probably couldn't live one day of that other guy's schedule without whining and complaining. So, you know, hallelujah they're out there being these, you know, mouthpieces for the company, because it's good for all of us. Sure. Cool. George, you got a question? We only have a few minutes left with Ivory here. Hey, what's up, guys? Hey. Hey, I want to ask Ivory if she's ever been chopped in a fun bag. Chopped in the fun bag? Well, I can imagine what that is. Fun bags. Fun bags. Oh, the fun bags are these. Yeah. Let's see. Yeah, probably, but, you know, it doesn't really hurt. It's mainly when you land on them real hard, you know? Yeah. Flat out. Boom. I've never seen those. All right, let's go to Tom. Tom, you're next. How you doing? Good. What's up? Hey. This doesn't sound good. Say no more, huh? How you doing? Hey, I'm wondering if Ivory takes it in the blue now. Oh, God. All right, listen. Hey, huh? Geez, yeah. You know, they're not too hard to figure out. How you doing? These people are asking. Yeah, really. It's not rocket science. Well, I guess with that we could wrap this up. Hey, you guys, I can't wait to see you over at the matches tonight. Yeah, we'll definitely be at Rock tonight at the Garden and actually... You know what? One thing your listeners are missing is how much fun... Look at the smiles in this room, right? I mean, these guys, you have so much fun. Oh, we have a plastic here. It's insane. We have a plastic every day, just like you guys. It's so fun to be here with you guys because you're smiling, you're laughing. Well, look how... What synergy plays sense everybody. Right, right, right. We wouldn't have a good time. You're so freaking hot. Vince is a smart guy. Yeah, he's not dummy. Because he knows we were pissed off at the WWF. He sends you, he sends a trip. How could we ever be pissed anymore? I know. Well, you know, when I was getting dressed this morning, I was thinking, I wonder how mad they are. Maybe I should wear something sexy. Yeah, that would help. Show a little more skin. But I did wear my Austin Powers jumpsuit for you. Yes, I see that. I like that Vince appreciates the power of this radio show. Oh, he does, yes. And realizes that the bond must remain there. He must make good. And boy, he can come through. I say, come on, give me all the skinny, what's been going on, how mad are they, why and all that stuff, right? Give me all the low down. And then I thought, yes, I saw the magazine spread on you guys. Yeah, we're too goofy to be mad all the time. Yeah, and I said, I told John, right, Jeproni over here, I said, well, it sounds like we kissed there, but it's pretty good. You know, it's got some oomph, there's some power. And that's straight from a man. So he does appreciate your sport and all. Well, there was a couple of misunderstandings there that we've got over a million times in this show, so it's not worth bringing up again. Well, you come back and we'll have the hoes give you the royal treatment tonight at MSG. And then Anaheim will have a great time. Can't wait. And listen, you know, I'll hunt you down, brother. I will hunt you down in Anaheim because we're going to have a great time. We're looking at part 10. Yes. I agree. We've got to thank you for coming by our show. Thank you very much. It was great being here. Are you on the show tonight? I don't know. I'll find out when I get over there. Yeah, we'll see. When did you guys find out about the storylines and stuff? Well, we have a card that goes up, you know, because there's production meetings, forever television event and pay-per-view. And, you know, they're in there banging, putting their heads together and figuring it all out. Last minute. And we show up and wait around and wait for that sheet to go up and see what's happening. So some cities you're there but you're not performing? Yeah, right. I mean, they need to have all their Barbie dolls there, right? All the action figures have to show up, right? So that you can build the story. Right. Yeah. All right. So it's always new every day and it's such a great job to have. And, you know, we're just grateful for all the fans that keep showing up and, you know, rooting us on. All right. Cool. Let's hear it for Ivory. Thanks for having us. Your new name is Dick. Opie and Anthony. What changed you into such demonic little bastards? 107. WNEW. You guys have deteriorated to beyond belief right now. The Opie and Anthony Show. Thank you. 107. WNEW. Yeah, we just did a quick musical break there. The latest from Creed 1F. From the Scream soundtrack. Great song, actually. Yeah. Also that song on the latest Creed CD, Human Clay. Ozzy Osbourne, Before That, Over the Mountain, from Diary of a Madman. It's the ONA Show. Got to thank Ivory from the WWF for stopping on by today. Yeah. How about that, man? I got to say, man, Vince McMahon is a marketing genius. I got to say, a bunch of people, and I'll explain in a second, a bunch of people calling us sellouts at this moment in time, Anthony. Obviously, everyone knows we've been very pissed off at the WWF for a long time. About a month, I guess. Maybe a little longer. A little longer now. Between what the Rock pulled and getting shut out of the grand opening of the WWF restaurant after we were personally invited by some big honchos from the WWF. We were very pissed off, and at the time we said, we're just not going to be associated with the WWF until they make good or do something for us and our listeners. Right. Well, so far they've done something for us. How can we say no to that? We're not going to lie to you. They just handed us a free trip to LA, Anaheim, to see WrestleMania in April. WrestleMania 16 in April. And I'll tell you why Vince is a marketing genius. He knew personally that we were very pissed off at his organization. And he figured, you know what? I'm going to try to make good with these guys. How does he do it? He sends the hottest chick from the WWF. What are we going to do? Yell at Ivory? Ivory. She is so much hotter in person. I mean, she's hot on the show. But in person? In person, she's hotter than any girl you're going to see walking the streets of Manhattan. That's great. It's amazing. And she's got a perfect body, a great sense of humor, a great personality. She's like a little spark plug, man. All right, Vince, just like she is on the show. Vince, you got us. You got us. What are we going to say? If they said like, you know, Moola or Luna, we could have like had... Take your tickets and shove them. Take your trip to LA and shove it up your ass. I don't think so. No, of course not. I don't know. Plus they got us great... They got great seats for us at the Garden tonight. We're all going to Raw. But a bunch of people want to call us sellouts. Oh, go ahead. What are we going to say? They are working on something else for us and our listeners. Yeah, you know something? First and foremost is the show. That's what we are dedicated to. And we know that they will come across something for just our listeners. And if they want to pay for a trip out to California, think of the fun and hijinks we'll have to bring back to the show, OP. Just imagine. We could call up J-Mor today and say, Jay? We're coming. We're coming to your house. And we've got to broadcast live from J's house on Monday because we're going to have to take that Monday off now. Yeah. Okay. Live from J-Mor's house. Call up J. Can you call him right now? Call him up. We want to do the show from his house. I want to like set the date right now on our show. Tell J because he's a brave guy. You know, he goes, well guys, if you're ever out in LA, I'd love to have you come over and stuff. Well, guess what, J? We're coming. And it's so hard for you and I to get out to LA because we're not like, you know, Hollywood Howie. You know, we actually have a job to do. We can't take 10 weeks off a year. I was drinking with Rob Zombie, Rob. They made my Shirley Temple a little strong. Oh, shut up, Jackie. Drinking out of a Heineken. So it's rare that we get the chance to fly to LA. So J knew that. But now we've got to tell J we're coming and we want to broadcast live from his house. Live from J-Mor's house. How ridiculous would that be? And you know what's going to happen? We're going to get out there. He's not going to let us in. Come on, J. We got the equipment. You got to let us in, you bastard. He was appearing into his window like we did the WWF restaurant. Like, come on, screw the equipment. We'll just do it from like phones. I'll just make fun of his pad. Hey, I'm taking a leak in his bathroom right now. Hank, what's going on? Hey, guys. How you doing? He named his bathroom the Opie and Anthony suite. All right, listen up, boys. I was listening to your show the day after you were standing outside the WWF New York or whatever. And you said to that representative that they had to come to the table with a serious compensation for you to come back. They came to the table today. I'm proud of you guys for taking it, man. I mean, come on. In all honesty, are we stupid? A hot lady from the WWF, the ivory comes by with a free trip to LA. Hell no. We're going to tell them to shove it up their butts. Hell no. Principles my ass. Whatever. Principles my ass. All right, you guys are great, man. All right, Hank. Take it easy. There's a few people that are going to call sellouts here, though. That's fine. Anthony, what's up? Anthony. Yeah, you guys. Hey. You're saying they gave you tickets and stuff and you sold out. Yeah. So you're selling out. That's not what you guys are about. I don't know if he sold out. Come on. Selling out. How is it? Okay. They just said they gave you tickets. In other words, they paid you off. They paid us off so that we talk about them a little bit more. And I had to call four times in a row and use four different names before spas would come through. So I had to drink toilet water. Just think how good it's going to be for the show. I mean, we're going to have stories. We're going to hopefully broadcast live from J. Moore's crib. Yeah, but you guys had the co-workers with... It's all for the good of the show. Yeah. That's what it is. But there comes a time you got to give someone a chance to make up with you. No, come on. Come on, man. Come on, Opie, man. If you want us to sell out, I could think of other things we could do, Anthony. Yeah. There comes a time you got to give the person a chance to make good, and they made good. I thought you guys had serious problems with that. Come on. Come on. You can listen to this show. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Watch that curse word. We effing rock. Thanks, Anthony. By the way, I'm the head guy. How cool. I'm the blind guy. Yeah, I know. All right, man. All right, peace. Peace. Let's go to John. He's calling us pussies. John, what's up? Yeah. Hey, yeah. They're all pussies. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Why is that? You told that you said you'd never be affiliated with the WWF ever again. That's not what we said. That's what you said, you pussy. We said they'll have to... You freak. Hey, he's really good. They're all pissed because we got a trip to LA. Come on. There is... Got to take a trip. Come on, you guys understand, right? Come on, right? You guys understand, right? You think it's okay that we go, right? Right? Come on, it's for the show. What if we say we're not going to mornings? Will that help? What if we, like, we'll take the trip to LA from the WWF and then we'll tell our bosses to shove it and we're not going to move to mornings after all? Would that be cool? Would that be okay? Please? Come on, guys. Come on, it's a trip to LA, man. We haven't been to California in so long. I grew up there. I just want to go so I could visit the spot where I ditched Dreamweaver. Okay? That's it. It has nothing to do with the wrestling. It's the free airfare. We want to go to the comedy store and see you dice bomb on a Tuesday night again. Yeah! You know, stuff like that. We'll be able to come back and, you know, have a whole new story. Hey, how you doing? Dice man live. I'm bombing over here. It's for the show. For the show, man. Come on, you guys understand, right? They gave us drugs, too. God damn, it's amazing. You know, and it's a good... I mean, think about it. It's three days. How about your pals? They haven't been on a vacation in a while. The broadcast from J. Moore's bathroom. Yeah, think of that. And we'll give up our morning slot. Yeah. We'll take their offer and tell them to shove it up our butts and we'll stay in afternoons. How's that? Yeah, come on. Please, guys. Oh, please. I feel like I'm like begging my mom. Come on, mom, can't I go? I don't want to think we suck. Come on, guys. We're still your pals. Right? Right? We'll all hang out, right? We'll be back after the trip. I know they didn't like give you a trip, but they're going to work something out. Robin, what's up? Hello, O&A. You guys are awesome. I love you. Thank you. You make my afternoon so much better. Thank you, Robin. You're welcome. My name's Robin. Listen, I just have to say, I think you guys are smart about letting bygones be bygones. I definitely think you should take the trip to LA. I mean, let them kiss your ass. You guys deserve it. And one more thing I want to say, I don't know if you're going to like this or not, but I really love you guys. I really do. But please don't start dissing Howard. I mean, I've been a loyal listener of his for years, and I like the fact that you guys don't diss him. But he just did a little bit ago. Let's set it straight. Robin, let's set it straight. Robin, it's comedy. It's fun. I think Howard can handle a few jobs. It's not funny. What? It's not funny? Listen, I can laugh about anything. I just don't want to see a big war start out, because then it would leave bad blood. So would you call up Howard and say, please don't goof on Opie and Anthony? I'd never get through. We're the first show that's not going to back down. We're the first show that's not going to back down. We're not dissing him and calling him no talent. We're not saying that he sucks, because that's not true. And we've said it in the past. We've given him his props. We've given him the fact that he's influenced both of us and what we've wanted to do in radio. That's wrong. We say that time and again. Not my biggest influence, but he was one of them. I just hope you guys don't start a war, because it's so cool to have everybody getting along. Robin, Robin, Robin, Robin. What, what, what? We're not. Let me tell you something. When anyone talks about Howard, everybody sees it as you're slamming him. And that's not the fact. Sometimes you're just talking about him. He's a celebrity in the public eye who is newsworthy. And sometimes we just talk about him. Okay, okay, that's okay. I just don't want to hear you guys start dissing him, but that's cool. Now, you ever go Lesbo? Robin, the fact is... Have I ever went Lesbo? Robin, the fact is we'd love to go party with him and his pals, but that'll never happen. You know what I'm saying? We would love that opportunity. It's not going to happen, though. But we're not going to sit here and take the abuse that is slung from that camp. That's all. Gotcha, gotcha. Okay, I understand. I understand. I love you guys. And Robin, I mean, if we're going to put all the facts on the table, I also said on the show on many occasions that the only way this stupid talk station on FM is going to work is with Howard in mornings. We're begging the company to move Howard over here. It's not going to happen, though. Oh, that would be awesome. So, I mean, if we hated him that much, why would we say that? I really miss your morning show, though. All right, thank you, Robin. All right, thank you guys. Bye. Yeah, if you thought he sucked so much, why are we begging? I mean, at this point, begging the company to move him over here would be an unbelievable radio station. They wouldn't do that, though. We're begging. No effing way. Hey, Matt, what's going on? Hey, guys. What's up, Matt? Not much. Guys, I wouldn't listen to those guys telling you to, you know, about not taking a trip. I mean, you're taking a trip to LA, they're giving it to you on a silver platter. I don't care what they say. If they ask me about that, sure, I'd do it. Best thing. Well, yeah. All right, Matt. All right, guys, you guys suck, lid. Thank you. They did give us a bunch of tickets to give away. We're sending Spaz down in the street? Yeah. You want to do that now? Take a quick break, and we'll, uh, okay, here's the deal. Spaz is going to be walking around the block like a retard. Are you wearing the I Am Spaz t-shirt? He's going to put on the I Am Spaz t-shirt. I got a good-for-nothing t-shirt. I Am Spaz. It says, hi, I Am Spaz. And on my back, it says, are you matching, guys? It says Spaz. So they, I mean, they gave us a ton of tickets to give away, to be honest, but we got like four pairs right now we're going to give away on the streets of New York, outside the studio. Because I Am Spaz. You got to find Spaz. Spaz. And you just got to yell as loud as you can in his face that he's an idiot. I'm an idiot. Just yell, Spaz, you're an idiot. I'm Spaz, I'm an idiot. And why'd you drink the toilet water Friday? Because I had to, because OVH is over. Great clip of Spaz puking after he drank toilet water on the unofficial website, by the way. I couldn't take it. www.foundyourmusic.com. There goes Spaz. He's got his t-shirt on that says, hi, I'm Spaz. Jesus, man. All you have to do is find him as he walks around the block and yell in his face that he's an idiot. Spaz, you're an idiot. I'm an idiot. First four people that do that will get a pair of tickets to wrestling. What event is that, Ben? Tonight. Oh, tonight's Raw. Yeah. Oh, tonight's Raw at the Garden. I'm an idiot. They're good seats, right? Yeah. I'm a complete idiot. We'll take a break. Rick, you going out there with them? Because it'll be pretty funny to see everyone abusing Spaz. All right, we'll be back with Spaz live on the streets of New York next. Thanks. Open your name for the shot. Can we get these illiterates off the airplane? Please. If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen. 1027 WNEW. All right, we're back. On the cell phone, I believe our producer Rick. Rick, you there? Hey, guys, what's up? All right. The WWF gave us four pairs of tickets to Raw tonight at the Garden. So we got Spaz in a Hi I'm Spaz t-shirt. Yep. And we're looking for four of our listeners to run up to Spaz and call them an idiot for the tickets tonight. Dude, we didn't even get down the steps on 56th Street. This guy with a lot of hair comes running up. Really? He's just looking at them like it's got to be him. It's got to be him. Yeah. I guess he's about to do it right now because he figured out it's on. All right, let's go. Go ahead. You're an idiot! Spaz, you're an idiot! Nice. All right, give them two tickets. There you go. All right, are you guys on the street? Sure. Are you on the street now? Now we're on 56th Street. So we're going to be walking around the block here. Okay. Let's see if somebody else yells at them. We got three pairs of tickets left for Raw tonight at the Garden. These girls are looking at us like we're retarded. That's nice, ladies. Okay. Are you at the corner yet over there? We're getting towards the corner of 56th and Broadway right now. Right. Okay. Looks like nobody wants to walk any better. Spaz, you're an idiot! We got another guy coming up from behind. All right, give them two tickets. My God. I don't know, some guy just stopped his truck. Okay, here we go. You're an idiot and you drink toilet water. What's your name, dude? Mike. All right, Mike, where are you from? I'm from down in East Village. All right, Mike is a third person to be yelling at. Mike's going to Raw tonight. You have the pair of tickets. We got one more pair of tickets. One pair left. Oh, we got one more guy running up. You're a flaming, smelly idiot. Yeah, Spaz isn't impressed with that one. Spaz, you're an idiot! What do you think, Spaz? Will they earn the tickets? Spaz, if I don't get the tickets, you really are an idiot. It's like the protest of yelling at the cops. Yeah. Here's the last pair of tickets. Look at him, he's tormenting this guy. I don't know. He's baiting him. I'm not going to take it, Spaz. All right. I don't take orders from idiots. If you think I'm an idiot, show it. Watch him punch him. Yeah, just tell the guy to yell. What's going on, Rick? Spaz, you're an idiot! Okay. All right, he's got them. All right. Last pair of tickets. That's the four pairs of tickets. That went really fast. We didn't even get halfway down a freaking block. There's one guy with a boombox walking towards us and he scares the crap out of us. Oh, wow. All right, we're heading in, guys. All right, good job, Rick. Hopefully Spaz will be in one piece. Thank you very much. All right. All right, there he goes. Freaking... What a mess. He really is an idiot, though. I was looking at all the latest video clips on the unofficial website, www.foundrymusic.com. There's a clip of Spaz drinking toilet water that is really disgusting. And then, boofing in the garbage pail. Yeah, and then we got, I don't even know, about 10 or 12 clips from the road show from last week. Yes, at Mulcahies. And just some great, great stuff. You might want to check out the clips later on tonight because the site is getting pounded. I was looking at the clip we were looking earlier in the office of when we first walked down on stage. Yeah. Watching the clip, I'm like, who's the band behind us or something? There's got to be somebody there that all these people are cheering for. I thought it was... It can't possibly be us. Big bad joke like Plant Page were behind us. Yeah, like we're all like, oh my God, look at all the people. They're yelling and everything. This is pretty cool. And then, it's got to be someone else. Yeah, I kept looking to the side of the stage. Who's coming out? Yeah. Who is that? They're cheering for the chicks? Like, what's the deal? Yeah. That was pretty cool, man. It was cool. We really appreciate that. Yeah. Go to the website to check out what you missed. www.foundrymusic.com, all right? All right. So, we're going to talk about our weekend, but we got sidetracked with Ivory coming in and talking about the Diallo case a little bit. Yeah. How the cops were getting screamed at all weekend long by the protesters. Everyone had to hold up their wallets over the weekend when they were protesting. Yeah, like they were holding up the wallets in the cops' face and saying, shoot me. Go ahead, shoot me. Yeah, great. That's funny. That's great. That old gag. That's what the city needs. Yeah. Blame every single cop. Great. That's good. Yeah. All right. I'm curious as to what high school teacher from John Glenn was talking about me. Of course, you know I went to John Glenn. Let's talk to Casey about that. Pretty much all I did was go there. I didn't go to attend classes or anything. I just kind of hung out in the halls. Casey, what's up? Yo, what's up? Hey. Hey. Did you know Mr. Cirillo? Mr. Cirillo, my old gym teacher. Yeah, you said you were like the biggest pothead. I got to give him that. It was high school. Wait, you can't curse, man. You can't curse. I always gave him crap. Yeah, crap. But I never dressed for gym. He was always into ... He was like the real typical gym teacher. Like Mr. Kazaza. Yeah, Coach Kazaza from Elwood Junior High, the same way. And I was just ... I didn't want to wear the shorts. I didn't want to change. I didn't want to put on the sneakers and everything. I just wanted to be left alone to smoke my pot. And he was always like, you know, what's the matter with you? Why don't you get dressed? Did you participate at all? Those on the line. No? Not at all. Yeah, I'm on. What did you do? Sit in the stands? I mean, did you cut gym? What did you do? I would cut. Or I would show up if I liked what they were doing, you know, like floor hockey or something. And playing your jeans in your leather coat or something? No, what am I, the Fonz? Well ... No, no. I'd get into like cutoff shorts and stuff like that. And an Army jacket. I forgot it's the 80s. Yeah, Army jacket. My green Army jacket with the private stripes on it. Sleeves rolled up there. It's a short sleeve shirt. Yeah. And I'd get into camouflage pants because you never know when you're going to need them. He came ... never know, and I'm going to have to be in cami in gym class. He would come up to me by the back door of the gym. One time he did this. I was smoking a joint. And big ... took in a big hit, Opie. And he opened the door right when I was holding it. And then he poked me in the stomach. And I went ... like right in his face. You wanted a little contact. Go down to the office. Like, ah, damn it. But, ah, well, see, I don't need Jim to do radio, so ... Screw it. I guess I didn't have to go. So what else did he say about Anthony? Ah, he just said he's a ... I don't know. He said he's a pothead. Pothead? Well, ah, was. Was is the ... I haven't ... I don't even think I've seen pot in probably 10 years. That's pretty scary that you've been making more money than him now. Ant's moved on to crystal meth at this point. Yeah, tell him, ah, I'm no longer a pothead. I shoot speed balls, heroin and cocaine right into the eyeball. Right into my retina. What, Casey? He doesn't work at the school anymore. Yeah, he retired. No, he went to Stony Brook to do something. Oh, really? Bidding. Well, if you ever see him, tell him I said that. Mr. Trotman? Trotman, yes. Ever. Do you have a teacher there, ah, Miss Valentine? Yes. Yeah. I used to go out with her sister. Really? Yeah, Doreen. Ah. Yeah. Went out with her. And now her little sister's teaching. Wow. You know what she used to ... do you see her around school and stuff? Miss Valentine? Yeah. Yeah, you know what she used to ... she used to love watching BJ and the Bear. Drag her about that if anyone has her in class. She used to sing the little BJ and the Bear song all the time around the house. All right, Casey. Okay. Thank you. Peace now. All right, man. Pretty damn funny. Let's go to John. John, you're next on NAW. You guys are huge sellouts, man. Why? Whoa. First for the WWF, second for Goin' to Morning. You guys swore you weren't going to morning. Well, we're willing to make a deal with you guys. Then you hear our ... I'm not going to go to the WWF. I'm going to go to the WWF. I'm going to go to the WWF. I'm going to go to the WWF. Thank you, guys, didn't you hear our deal? That sounded like an April Fool's Joke to me, man. What do you mean? Which part? Well, either the fact of going to morning and disguising that as a deal not to be called sell out. No, our deal is if you guys allow us to go to California and come back with some great, great stories because the WWF bribed us and gave us a free trip to WrestleMania, we won't go to mornings. Get it? Yeah, I get it. Peace out, diamond dust. What the hell is wrong with you guys going to the morning show? What do you mean? Why are you guys going? Who said we're going? I heard the rumors, you guys are switching in the morning. Rumors, rumors, rumors, rumors, rumors, rumors. My god. Everyone thinks we're going to mornings now. So it's not true? I don't know, who'd you hear that from? I heard it on the radio the other day. From who? I was on your show, somebody was calling up, you guys were talking about morning, I was on my way to work. Did we announce that we were going to mornings, Opie? What are we, insane? We can't even believe us anymore. We're not going to be able to listen to you anymore. Well, Ryan, I guess we can tell you what was going on, okay? Okay. Spaz trying to pick up a girl. Can I put you on hold up? Yeah, we've got to go right to it. No, I'll come right back to you, I swear, Ryan. Alright. I swear. This show loves going off on tangents though, hold on. Alright. Let's go to Rick, Rick back on the street. Rick, what's up? Hey guys, what's happening? Hey. Basically, what we've got, we decided instead of letting Spaz off the hook that easy, we had him on the corner of 7th and 56th trying to pick up women with his stupid shirt on. And right now he's putting the Spaz moves on some blonde girl outside the bank. Make him dance in front of the girls. I'll try and get close so you can hear. Hey, Spaz. Hey, I'm Spaz. Hey, what's up? How you doing? You listening to the United States show? I'm Spaz from the opening of the United States. I drink 20 water, really. That's my card. Oh my God, he's getting a card. What? He's picking her up. Oh my God. Is she hot, Rick? No, not really. Oh, okay. Is it a chick? Yeah, there's... Alright, Rick. Wow, they're shaking his hand and she's looking at him like, wow. Like what a freaking mad man. Older woman, how old? 70s? No, she's kind of in her mid to late 30s. How does Spaz make out with her? She's a little bit of a... She's a little bit of a... She's a little bit of a... She's a little bit of a... She's a little bit of a... She's a little bit of a... She's a little bit of a... She's a little bit of a... She's a little bit of a... 70s? No, she's kind of in her mid to late 30s. How does Spaz make out with her? Hey Spaz, make out with her. Give her a goodbye kiss. Okay, I'm going to sexually assault you now. I'm going to assault. Coffee first, he says. Alright, this is good. This is good. This is really going somewhere. This is the hell of a... She's got a dildo. Alright, Rick. Alright. Thank you. I knew I should have hung up on Ryan. Alright, Ryan, you're back. Yeah. Hey, man. See the feedback? Line 2. Okay, Ryan. Yeah. So are you or are you not going? Are you a faithful listener? Yeah, I've been listening since early summertime. Alright, we can never lie to a faithful listener, so... No, we are not going to... Hell no. Good, good. Let me tell you what happened. Here you go. Do you know how many people listen to you guys and can only listen in the afternoon? Yeah. Let me tell you what happened, though. We announced it as a joke and everyone picked up on it as bad jokes. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. So I decided, well we decided to F over Mr. Sniffin because he thinks he knows it all about radio. So we announced on our show that we're going to Mornings and he was all over like, See I told you so! I told you so! Him and the other. And then he's finding like old postings from like six, seven months ago going, Look this is where I wrote back in blah blah. Look it said it right there that they should go to Mornings. Now Sniffin you are had you ass. You guys are perfect where you are. You know there are other guys on that message board that really can't stand us too much. And they were writing stuff like, Ha ha, have fun getting up early. Ha ha, you're done. Ha ha. I didn't think you guys were going to go. Hell no. Because you were talking about it this summer. You were saying there's no way we could ever get up that early. Right and then people are writing messages going, See they said that they would never go to Mornings and I said on this message board on many occasions that if the company told them they were going to Mornings, god darn it they're going to Mornings. They're going. Opie and Anthony don't have the kind of pull to tell the management that they're not going to Mornings. If they want to put them in Mornings, let me tell you something. If we're in Mornings it's because we said we want to go to Mornings. And you said you wanted to go? And we said no. So we are not going to Mornings. We're not going to Mornings. We're not going anywhere. And we want the company to bring Howard Stern over to this radio station. Or if he can't leave K-Rock that's fine. Just sign on Cast the Dam show on both stations. It would be a brilliant move. Thank you, Ryan. Can I give a shout out? Yeah. Oh no, you suck. Alright, cool. We are not going to Mornings. No. It was a little trick we were playing on that cute little message board that thinks they know it all. It's pretty funny when you could just, the second we said it too it ended up up there. They're like, oh, oh, oh, they're going to Mornings. See, we told you. We told you. We told you. Look at your source. It was us, you idiot. Greg, what's going on? Good morning, how are you? The whole morning thing is so funny. We had like two or three people come into my office here screaming that you guys were going to Mornings and they couldn't believe it. And I'm just looking at them going, you've listened to them for a year and a half. They're pulling a chain, man. Well, we weren't pulling the, we, I don't even think we were pulling the listener's chains at all because when we announced them, we said it in such a way like, okay, there's a lot of rumors, right, here's the lineup. We were obviously kidding. And then, you know, people heard from another source and then they thought it was real, you know. You let me tell you something. You, you worked a lot of people in and we had to explain the whole CBS infinity thing to them and we were laughing ourselves. And I thought, you know, if the advertisers ever figured out how stupid some of the listeners are, they might stop spending their money because nobody's going to get it. Yeah. It was, it was just too funny. Ah, cool, Greg. So syndication tomorrow, guys. All right. Thank you. Bye. Let's go to Chris. Chris, you're next on any WC line three. Line three. Chris, what's up? What's up? Hey. Tonight, I was just, I was just talking to the guys. Hey. Tonight, I was just fooling around with that message board and I looked on it. He's going to have like an interactive thing where people call him up at a radio station and they can talk about the opinions. Oh, no. Like, it's not bad enough that you could just write it. Now you're going to call up and talk about it. Oh, God. You guys going to bomb it? Come on. How would the WWF do this? Leave him alone, man. Oh, come on. He's doing a little internet radio show. Yeah. What are you guys doing tonight? You got good seats? The guy's all excited. He finally gets away from his dentist drill for like a second. This is all he hears all day long. That's his life. Here's Alan Sniffin's life right here. That's it. Finally, tonight, he's getting to do this little internet radio show. He's got to be nice. Well, Chris, I guess what we have to say to our listeners, if you're going to call his little radio show tonight, only the serious calls, please. Yeah, just serious radio-related questions, please. Just a serious call. Like Scott Muni questions? Just a serious call. Yeah, serious questions. All right. You guys suck. All right, Chris. Thank you. Bye. Please, because I'm going to be listening tonight, and I'm going to be listening to all the calls, and if I hear one person with some goofy thing, I'm really going to be angry tomorrow. Only serious questions, please. That's right. On the message board. Hey, Alan. On the message board already. Hey, Alan, and others, you've been had. They're going to mornings? Not. Of course. See, that's the pull that they have on that station. The power they have is the power that Stern has at K-Rock. It just wouldn't work if they went there. There you go. All right, let's go to Dennis real fast. We've got to take a quick break here. But Dennis, what's going on? What's going on? How are you doing? Hey, good. I saw Jim Brewer at Governor's over the weekend. You know, Jim was supposed to hang out with us on Friday, but I think we were a little too tired. I got a voicemail, and I never called him back. He wanted to bring beer by and everything, so if Jim or his people are listening, I apologize. We were just burnt. We loved broke. I didn't even tell Rick or anyone. Yeah, but... How was he? It was good, but Paul from Airsick opened up, and I saw the guitar there. I was hoping it was Stephen Lynch, but when they mentioned Paul, he's good, and he gave you guys your props. Let me tell you. He mentioned you guys numerous amount of times. Paul did? Paul was great. Cool. All right? Well, thank you, Dennis. Sure. Take it easy. All right, buddy. Bye-bye. Let's go to Mike. Mike, you're next on ADW. Hey. Hi. You're on the radio, man. What's up? Oh, not much. Hey, good job, buddy. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. Thanks for having me. Hey, good job with what you did with Alan, man. I just got exiled from the board. I sent you a message. Oh, Jesus. It was my transcript of the conversation I had with him. Anyway, I was just wondering, is it true that your whole show is going to be on in Boston starting in April? Oh, that's a tough question to swallow there. Well, we don't know. Honestly, we don't know how that stands. Okay, so I was reading that. Some of the Boston newspapers online were reporting that. Well, Boston has started playing our bits at the fine radio station that is WBCN, and we'll see where it leads to. So, we'll see where it leads to. So, we'll see where it leads to. So, we'll see where it leads to. So, we'll see where it leads to. Okay, cool. Yeah. As we sit here, we don't have anything in writing or anything. Okay. We're just developing a relationship with those guys as we speak. So, all right. Cool. Indication now. Thank you, Mikey. No problem. All right. Well, let's take a break. Cool. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. Okay. Let's take a break. Cool. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. That's what someone writes on the message board. Hey, Alan, stick to drilling. Opie and Anthony, jokes on us. Opie and Anthony, hey, Alan and others, you've been had. Pie in the face. Yeah, oops. It happens. Oh, well, you guys were wrong again. We've got to take a break. They're just killing the damn thing. What do you want to give away, man? We've got so much stuff. You want to give the wrestling, the Smashing Pumpkins? Oh, man, I was just listening to the new Smashing Pumpkins CD. It's really, really good. Really, really good. What are they writing? The latest posting from Mike Francesca, from Mike and the Mad Dog. I haven't been drilled since prison. Okay, listen, we have your chance to win the new Smashing Pumpkins CD, Machina, The Machine of God. Before you can buy it, the album is in stores tomorrow. But if you're the 10th caller right now, we'll give you a copy. How many copies do we have? Let's give away five copies right now to the first five callers, spazzes working the phones for the brand new Smashing Pumpkins CD. 212-757-1027. It's kind of like a car wreck on the highway. You're going to have to tune us in to see what the hell these idiots are doing next. O.B. and then S.B. We refuse to be responsible. Turn yourself on. We refuse to be responsible. 1027. W.N.E.W. The ladies from Rage Against the Machine, sleep now in the fire. It's the O.N.A. show. Very strange show today. Attention, hi, here in New York City. Yeah, so we're going to try to make people laugh a little bit here. The mayor's on TV. I'm talking about the Diallo. Did you hear the mayor? First of all, I would like to send my deepest sympathy to the Diallo family. This is a car city, and I cannot even understand what it would be like to be in their position. So I do send out my deepest sympathies. Thank you. Now, secondly, any of you Mother F'ers screw with my city. I'm going to put the living crap out of every one of you individually. You must obey the laws of me. I am Lord Comover. This is my city. Calm down. I see anybody breaking windows at the wheels and carrying TVs at the way. They will be stopped on sight. Lord Comover has spoken. Obey me. Don't let me have to show you the awesome power of this Death Star. Please, listen. I don't want to see one person lighting a fire unless it's a hibachi. Lord Comover has spoken. Peace in the city, or you all die. I will eff you up like there's no tomorrow. I might look like a skinny guy, but I got a whole army behind me. That's the intention of that fat ass Hillary for a while, doesn't it? I will show my power, my strength. There will be no hiding in my city. But when I say city, it almost sounds like it's got to be dumped out of the planet. New York City. New York City. A city that never sleeps. Okay, okay. Did you taste that, B.S.? I'm a bad mother-fucker. Lord Comover. That's right. I'm Rudy G. I'm here to say. My hair looks like a roadkill toupee. I'm the number one man in NYC. So why are all the homeboys so pissed at me? I'm the R to the U to the D to the Y. A bad mother-fucker makes the food vendors cry. Get the carts off the streets, you goddamn immigrants. That's right. I'm a bad mother-fucker. Clothes are trip clubs and porno stores. I don't care. The cops bring my whores. Take on Al and Farrakhan. I'm plenty fucking tough for a skinny white man. So squeegee guy trying to turn a buck. Get yourself a job, you lazy fuck. Yeah, I'm the mayor man. I'm number one. I got a frigid wife and a big fat son. Don't give me no shit, Bob Hillary. That fat ass bitch ain't no better than me. I can't bottle it with the homeless and sick. All the motherfuckers can suck my dick. I'm Rudy G. Yeah, I'm Rudy G, mother-fucker. The Lisbon mayor, Rudy G. Lord, come over to the motherfuckers in the hay-out. Word. Hey, ass, turn down your radio. This is debauchery mania. Prostate exam for everyone. WNEW. 2127571027 if you want in on the show today. It's a sad day for New York sports. Who's dead? They might as well be dead. Yankee slugger, Darrell Strawberry, has been suspended for the entire 2000 season for failing a drug test last month. Really? Goddamn, that's really sad. Very sad. He can't stay off the pipe. What's wrong with that guy? Well, you said last week with a nose like that, he should be able to snort wine? Snort coke, yeah. It should be exempt from any laws governing cocaine use. He's got the twin ball and nostrils to just custom-made for snorting coke. Maybe he was just walking by a pile of coke breathing. And it just whooshed up his nostrils. That's what I would say. How are they going to say no? Maybe someone just played a really bad trick on him and put it in a friendly scribble or something. Yeah! Why couldn't he just say that? Look, some of my friends are still a-holes, you know? Yeah. Maybe I was a little equal. Powdered sugar. They thought we were all just having fun. Yeah, they sprinkled some on my jelly donut. I inhaled while I was eating it and... That's sad. And you've got some strong opinions on addiction. Do you have any advice for Daryl Strawberry? Just put the pipe down! Because, see, a lot of people believe that, you know, the sickness must be so great that he can't, you know, stay off it knowing that they're going to be checking him and giving him drug tests and all that. That's what I hear Corky Steinbrenner saying too on the news. Did you see him? He's like, it's terrible. It's a sickness. It's what it is. Daryl's got a sickness and we have to help him. What happened to that? Jesus Christ. Billy would drink a little too much. He would fire him back in the old days. Sure. Billy, you're fired! Remember that, George? Billy would just look at him the wrong way and he'd fire him. Billy Martin would, yeah, you're right. He would just look at him wrong after a night of drinking, probably. And George would fire him. Get out of the dugout, you son of a bitch! You're gone! But now, Daryl, he's got a problem. It's addiction and we all got to stand by Daryl and help him. Help him? What the hell happened to him? Since when did Steinbrenner turn into an after school special? This guy sucks now. I miss the old George. Get help, Daryl. It's an addiction. It's not an addi... It's not a sickness. The Yankees are a very special episode. Yeah, a sickness. It's no sickness. The guy has no friggin' willpower. Put the pot down! Oh, Jesus. Stalker Patty has strong opinions on... I didn't even know she was in the building again. What is she doing here? Something yakking my ear off about her opinions on Daryl. I just came to see Reynolds! No, no, no. I'm not... Actually, no, you're gonna like this one. Patty's here because she's got a new look, Opie, and she wants you to take a look at her. Awww, that's kinda cute. That's kinda sexy, Opie. Listen, listen, listen. The whole Stalker Patty thing is played out, trust me. Almost as played out as the Mike Tyson. Yeah, but you don't... Trust me, Stalker Patty is played out. Take your little cell phone and I'll talk to her through the locked door on the lesbian couch outside the studio. How are you gonna be able to look at her and evaluate her new look? I got a new hairstyle. Look, no it will do. I got the Dorothy Hemmel. No it will do. Alright, this is what we'll do. Lock the studio door, cause I've had it with Stalker Patty. It was all cute, but now it's like getting a little too real. Lock the door. No, listen to me. Lock the door. Rick, you're on the other side of the door with the cell phone. And I will talk to Patty as she's pressed up against the glass door there like she's in prison. And we'll discuss her new look, okay? Yeah, that sounds hot. She's got her little nubs and everything. Oh, Jesus Christ, Rick. Just get the cell phone, lock that door though. And I'll talk to her like I'm talking to her like she's in prison for trying to kill me. Like the telephone, yeah, that's good. Make sure the door is locked though. Alright, I got a new hair style. So what we're saying, Corky Stibrenner? Yeah, I mean, you know something? Just put the damn pipe down. Just put it down. The guy's got the world, you know, he's got a second chance at life. After the colon cancer and everything. And he can't hold it together. What the hell is wrong with him? Don, what's up? Hey guys, first of all, what do you think you should be feeling sad about? First of all, what do you think you should be feeling sad for this guy? That's bull. You want to get him off the pipe, put him in jail. It's just a sad day though, you know? No, it's not. You're sending out two different messages to the world. Man, I got a 15-year-old kid. How am I supposed to tell him don't do drugs? Why? You can do whatever you want if you're a superstar. No, you can't obviously. Oh, he got suspended, gee wow. First he make it a couple of mil. Don, his career is over. And I personally find it sad. I personally find it sad that we all saw him crying and breaking down in front of everyone after that parade and stuff. It's sad that the guy can't stay off the crap. Someone's got to smack him upside his head. That's what it is. That's what I'm saying. Look at LT. How many times with LT? How many with how? It's a joke to a certain point. Now it's like, yeah right, you can do whatever you want. You're right. His career is one thing, but give me a break. He's going to be doing time. It's just sad. If they give their left nut to be playing Major League Baseball or myself, my first love was basketball, I would kill to play for the Knicks. And these guys have the raw talent and they can't stay off the crack. And it's all self control. It drives me nuts. I would have gave pretty much anything to shoot a few J's at Madison Square Garden. You got that right. The old double standard thing drives me nuts. You try and bring your kids up right and teach them the right stuff. There it is all over the paper. LT cocaine eight times. Is he going to jail? No, they're going to suspend him and let him do commentary. Yeah. I mean come on. It's just too much. Anyway, hey you guys suck. Syndication now. Thanks, Doc. It's true though. You know, you got the world by the balls. And you just F it up with dope. That's what I find sad about it. Someone who has all that talent is just going to waste. Kenny, what's up? How you doing guys? You guys are great. I tell you. This guy's a jerk off. What are you going to do with him? He reminds me of a new jack city. It's cool. It's cool. You can't stop. You know, he has a wife. He has a kid. He's got all the money in the world. Just like they said, the willpower. He's got no willpower. The guy's a jerk. You get reference of the deck. We love obscure references on the show. They could make a new jack city part two and let him play Ooki. Ooki. Good job, Kenny. Thank you. If you're just tuning in, Strawberry is suspended for the entire year. It's an addiction with Strawberry. Ant's going to go off on this guy. Mike, what's up? How you doing? I know. I heard you. Ant's going to go off on a tangent. No, he's not going to go off on a tangent. But Ant has some serious, strong feelings about addiction. Well, I can tell you something. Speaking from personal experience, man, that it is a disease. Yeah, it is. And you need to seek help for it. And as long as people keep enabling him, like George Steinbrenner, he's going to stand by his side. We've got to stand by Strong. Exactly. Until he's as skinny as a straw and falls down bad. Right. Exactly. Until all these people, even in the media, stop saying poor Strawberry. I mean, okay, he dealt with colon cancer. He's dealt a couple of bad things. Whatever. But people keep enabling him to do it. You know what? F that whole enabler, that psycho babble stuff. Because this son of a bitch doesn't even want to stop himself. That's the only thing that matters. If he wanted to stop, he stops. And then it's done with. He could go to so many programs and have people get behind him, and we're all with you and stuff. Unless the guy wants to do it, it's obvious he doesn't. Exactly. Then he's not going to stop. That's what I was trying to say. He's not going to stop. He's a loser. He's a freaking loser. I agree. I wish I could be making 9 million to sit on the bench and go out every once in a while as a DH. If you throw your life away because of booze or drugs, you're a loser. And the only person you have to blame is yourself. Because at any moment, when you pull a pipe to your mouth, or a straw to your nose, or a bottle to your lips, and it's effing up your life, you know it's effing up your life. You're picking it up. The second you put it to your mouth or your nose, whatever the hell you're doing, you know in your head you shouldn't be doing it. But you're doing it anyway. There's no arm twisting you and pulling it towards your mouth, and you're saying no, no, no. You just don't do it. Well, it's not that easy. Yes, it is. No, no. Now your logic, it's not that easy. You know what? It is. He just said, you know something? No, I'm not going to do it. Then you know what? He wouldn't be doing it. That's it. You know, you make it sound real simple, but I'm telling you, it's not that easy. It is. It's called willpower. It has got to do with willpower. It really doesn't. It has to do with trying to get yourself together a day at a time. And I know that sounds like cycle babble to you, man, but that's the real of it. And as long as he doesn't want to stop, he's not going to. All right, Mike, how long have you been trying to quit? I've been clean for a while now. Is it killing you every day? I mean, yeah, you know, it catches up, man. What was your thing of choice? It was the same thing that I was doing. Coke? But then, you know, I got married and I got kids now, and you know, priorities do take a... I mean, that's what you're saying too. Priorities do take priorities. Sure, you need a job to make enough money to make money. Sure, you need a job to make enough money to get the kids some Coke too. It gets to the point where you just don't have time to do it. Ah, kid, come on. Well, this show always got to be loosely based on a comedy show. So, Mike, you know, we don't want to get too serious ever. That's right. We'll throw some serious nats at you, and then we got to hit you with something outrageous and silly. All right, well, that's all I wanted to put in. I mean, you know, but you're going to bed them out anyway, because that's what you do, so keep doing it. No, Mike, I don't want to be misunderstood. Be honest with you. I just think it's really sad. That's all. Yeah, no, it is. It is, because, you know, his priority is to go get high, over making a lot of money and being a public figure. I mean, kids are looking at him and they're being like, well, what would you know? I agree with the last guy that called in. He could do what he wants, make money, and big deal, he got suspended. That's not right. All right, man, syndication tomorrow. Okay, let's go to Donna. Donna, you're next on NW. We all just found out that Strawberry suspended for the year. What's up, Donna? I'm not really a baseball fan, but Anthony's right. Unless, you know, he doesn't want to help themselves, you know, he must like doing it. Yeah, it doesn't matter. Then you know something, let him sit there, and maybe if he's still alive in a few years, he can look back and maybe some point go, boy, did I F up. Yeah, and then he'll come with the money that he has. I mean, help could be so easy for him. That's okay. He could lose all that too, and lose that wife that sticks by him between the coke and the whores and everything else she sticks by him. I'll predict something. He'll lose her, and he'll lose all of his money, and he'll be a bitter old man, just destitute, because he can't give up the pipe. And another thing, you guys should definitely go to California. All right, thank you, Donna. All right, bye. Let's go to Jimmy real fast. Strawberry baseball cards. Me dialing people. Comes with some crack cocaine. Look at this, it's a Daryl Strawberry crack pipe. Got his picture embossed right on the side. The edge of the strawberry card has a razor, so you can cut up the line. Little razor on it. Cut up your lines with the strawberry card. Each one comes with a crack whore. We'll send it to your house. C-O-D, be dialing people. Be dialing. Daryl Strawberry crack cards. Let's go to Jimmy. Jimmy, you're next on N-E-W. And a free Beat the P-Test Kit. Beat the P-Test Kit, people. This is valuable if you work in civil service. Be dialing. If you're a conductor on the subway, invaluable. Beat the P-Test Daryl Strawberry Kit. With a McGuire rookie card, for God's sake, be dialing. What's up, Jimmy? Hey, man, what's up? Forget about the drugs, Daryl. What about the hookers that are picking up stank whores on the street? What's with that? Maybe he wants to get the AIDS. What do you want to have? What's going to kill Daryl first? Coke, cancer, or AIDS? There's going to be one of them, I know that. Or full-blown AIDS? Listen, guys. FBA. Listen, guys, syndication now. Rape an ape. All right, Jimmy. Oh my God. You don't even know what that means? I don't want to know. You know, if you're a band out there and you're looking for a name for your band, you've got to call yourself FBA. F-B-A. F-B-A. Federal Bureau of Ass. Couple more calls on the strawberry thing, and we'll move on, and then we'll allow the fan to do 20 hours on this. Well, I believe you've got to be a little sympathetic with the straw, straw. Straw, very. Well, the guy's obviously got an addiction, got a problem, and it's not going to be solved overnight. I don't think suspension is what this man needs. I think he needs some support from the rest of the team. Isn't that right, Megan? That's right, Dork. What do you mean, it's right? That's the dumbest thing I ever said in my life. But I always agree with you, Dork. No, you're an idiot. You're a blithering idiot. What, are you on a pipe? Stomping at me, kicking out of baseball for good? Dork, I'm not on a pipe. You see the size of me? The guy's a bad example for baseball, bad example for sport, bad example for the kids. Do you agree with that, Megan? Yes, I do, Dork. What's your problem? The guy's got a problem. You've got to give him a couple more chances. How much longer do we got to talk about this? 19 hours and 52 minutes. I could change about five more times back and forth with the program. Program? We'll be back at the end of the night from blood latency. Wow, let's go to Brian. Brian, you're next on NAW. Brian, hey. Hey, yeah. God, I spit all over the microphone. Do I agree with Anthony? You agree with Anthony, Brian. How old are you? I'm 12. I'm 12. All right. When was the last time you had an addiction? I don't know. Those goddamn Pokemon cards drive you crazy. I need them. You know this moron, Daryl Strawberry? Yeah. He could snort a brick of cocaine faster than Earl could put up a picture. That's pretty good. Another obscure reference. Very good. Thank you, Brian. See you. Bye. Later, man. Turn up the radio and listen to yourselves now, Brian. You're laughing down the hall. It's funny. Jeff, what's up? You're next. How you doing? You're right about it. It's all fault. I quit smoking for two years. I was at a pack a day. You know, all the email from my brother, once you're out of college, that's it. We'll quit. I quit for two years after smoking a pack a day. I had one at a meeting, at a seminar. And I was back to a pack a day. I'm a jackass. A week later, I'm a pack a day again. It's my own damn fault because I have a cigarette in my mouth. You've got to watch that. And, sorry. All right. No, it's okay, Jeff. But, you know, Strawberry, he's an asshole. He's gotten his third chance. Three strikes around. All right. Thank you. Peace. Yeah, I was going into the... Remember, I was going into the muni suite every two minutes to smoke a cigarette about two months ago. You pretty much quit. I think you're like one of those bar smokers now. Why? Why? At the appearance? I grabbed that smoke on stage. The guy's looking at me right in the face and he goes, I thought you quit. I'm like... But then I don't smoke. Adam. See, I have a cigarette today. Hey, Adam. Hey. Listen, I just want to say I was doing coke and ecstasy for a long time there. Yeah. And I saw what he was doing. I said, this is enough. I locked myself in a room for a week. I had people, you know, bringing me food and stuff. And that was it. And I haven't touched it since. And I don't want to hear that, oh, it's an addiction. It's a sickness. Yeah, it really sucks. But when it's over, it's over. And Strawberry should just get over it and either move on with his life or quit a profession that's going to test him. How long have you been playing? About a year. Congratulations. Thank you much. All right, man. So you just want to quit and that's it. Anthony. Yes, Opie? Anthony? Yeah. Why do you keep calling my name? Sorry. We have more Anthony's that call this radio show than any other name. I know. But there you have it. Strawberry is suspended for the entire year. We'll let the fan do 15 hours on this. Goodbye. Goodbye, funny man. You know, it's bad because when he's sober, I guess he's pretty good and stuff. But until we have a final word from Corky Steinbrenner as we get to the subject. We got to stand by the straw. I mean, he does. It's up his nose all the time. But he stands by the straw and the pipe, whatever the hell else he's into. Look at his nose. He can't help it. Come on. Recently, he's had a straw up his nose and a pipe up his ass. Oh, God. We'll just stand by and give him all the support we can. Can't work. All right. We'll be back. Opie and Anthony. It's the Kevlar kind of day. 1027 WNEW. Anthony, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. How many times do we have to tell you? You're a little chubby. You're packed on the pounds for winter. You got to get rid of it. Now, Stacker 2. Or you're going to be in our Ugly Ass Competition the next time we do a road show. Do you want to be part of the Ugly Ass Competition or the Hot Bikini Contest Competition? Your choice. Go either way. Either way, though, we could use you. Yeah. So if you want to win the prize for Ugly Ass, do not listen to this spot. It is not for you. Stacker 2 would not be for you if you want to win the Ugly Ass Contest. That's right. But if you want to lose the pounds, then get that nice, slender ass, Stacker 2. It does three things, Anthony. It burns the fat. It also builds muscle. That's another thing it does. It crushes the cravings to snack in between meals, and it gives you a boost of energy. Wait. So that's four. That's four now. I know. I apologize, Anthony. Oh my God. But it does build muscle as well. Okay. It's Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. They have a website, stacker2.com, or give them a call at 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Thousands, thousands have proven it works. We had Anthony. Is this the best radio you guys could come up with? 1-027-W-N-E-W. Bam, bam, bam, bam. Ah. Damn, I love filter. Captain Pallai. I'm title of record. Ah, damn. I want to kill something. I'm telling you, I just started working out again. Yeah. That CD is getting me through my stupid workouts. Put the CD Walkman on. Yeah. Got the filter CD, title of record. And you go to town. Start pumping. Start pumping us. A series of 70 pounds. Yeah. God damn, I've lost a lot. I'm never going to be a Fight Club champion. I'm going to have to whip my balls off in the next six months to try to get back in fighting shape. Anyway, but God damn, that's a great record. What are you listening to? You still listening to your Kid Rock, Anthony? Yeah, Kid Rock, still in there. Uh-huh. You need a new CD to listen to. Yeah. Yeah. I was just checking out the new Smashing Pumpkin CD in the office. Yeah, I got the new one. I'll pop that in the truck. It's really, really good. I'm not a big Billy Corgan fan. They're doing great reviews. They're saying this is one of the best albums he's put out in the last 11 years. Who's saying that? They are. Well, they. No, I've read a lot of reviews on it. I don't remember where because they all do the reviews at the exact same time in every freaking magazine, so. Billy Corgan, Cardinal O'Connor. You never see him in the same place. Huh, is it just me? We got copies to give away of the new Smashing Pumpkin CD. I'm distracted because Rick's calling up outside the studio. Is that door locked? Yeah. So we can do that. Karen from New Jersey, Instant Feedback. Did you know that there are Opie and Anthony We Deliver Kegger t-shirts on eBay? Really? We knew that would happen. Definitely. We have limited edition. We deliver Keggers. We deliver Keggers. We haven't heard We Deliver Keggers. No. Look at everyone. Give me a little piece of it. Just a tiny piece. I want to hear a piece. We deliver Keggers. We deliver Keggers. We deliver Keggers. We deliver Keggers. There's a clip on the unofficial website of Nikki. She showed up unexpected to our road show last week. Yeah. There's a video clip of her singing We Deliver Keggers. Oh yeah? For the 1,400 people. I want to see that. Oh wait, she's on the line. Wow. She's thanking us. Hello? Nikki. Hey guys. Hey, how you doing? I had a, you know, I just wanted to say thank you for like a number of reasons. First of all, I got there late. Well, you know when I got there because that's when I went right up. Yeah, we had no idea you were coming up. The balancer was so great. He let me, as soon as I said who I was, he let me right in. People outside were really nice. I think you sounded great, Nikki. You sounded fantastic. Hi, this is I am Mike. Oh no. I just want to say that you sounded great. No, no. It's just the bow holding down. I'm begging you, all right? Yeah, I'm calling like I got a drummer with a pancreas. Oh, you found a drummer? I found a drummer with a pancreas. Okay, cool, man. All right, I just had to tell you that. You think you could like do, we deliver keggers unplugged for us on the show maybe? Oh, are you kidding? I did the first rehearsal. They're coming to rehearse on Wednesday. I have my first rehearsal with the new drummer on. Oh yeah? Yeah. And what, does he have like a head and everything? What? Does your drummer have a head and speed and everything? He has a head. I mean, he's lit half the time, but he's got a pancreas and he's like alive. Hey, you look pretty good on those pictures from the... I haven't seen them yet, but I'm looking forward to... Like your little black outfit and your cowboy hat. I didn't see it, but I mean you guys, I didn't even have to say who I was. They brought me right up. I mean, you let me go to CD on and stupid drinking songs. They just said, here, here, oh, you must be the filthy whore. Oh no, no, no. Don't go, please, I'm begging you. Don't put me through anymore. Yeah, beg. That's what they say in the hotel room before I rape them. Allegedly. Can I just say one other thing? Yeah. Just a stupid drinking song and... Yeah, because a lot of people want to know what the hell it means. They were screaming the drinking part and that's what it was supposed to just be, a dumb, fun thing. Well, it was dumb already. I know, I'm setting myself up. Get out the P-necks, you whore. It was supposed to be a dumb, funny thing and it was and I just wanted to say thank you. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Here, lift up your shirt. Oh my God. You must be horny. What happened? If it's a prison visit. They're here at Natnation Row. Here, lift up. Let's see your bra, at least. Come on. I don't wear one. I just... Whoa, she doesn't wear one. She's wild. All right, lift it up real fast. No one can see. Come on. No. Come on with your cute little haircut. Let's go. Yeah. Come on. Let's see something. Patty, is that... That homework is being crazy. Patty, is that the only hair you got cut? Excuse me? Is that the only hair you got cut and trimmed? It is the only hair I got cut. Oh, yeah. So you still got a wild werewolf down there? Do you have like a triangle or a mohawk down there? Or the American werewolf in London? She's three feet away behind a locked door. Come on, Patty, show us something. Press it against the... Oh, she's thinking about it. Come on. Press ham. Lift up. Lift up real fast. I know she's going to do it. No one can see. It's just Aunt Nye. All right, she's pressed up against the glass. Come on, real fast. It's Paris. Oh, my God. I don't do things like that. I can't even go in a try-on room. All right, how about... Let's see your abs at least. You can't even go in a try-on room? All right. All right, she's going to show the abs. No, pull up. Look, pull up. Oh, my God. I can't do stuff like that. I can't do it. I'm very modest. Well, Patty, I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm going to show you how to do it. I'm very modest. Well, Patty, you have a new look. It's nice. Nice little haircut. Very good. Thank you. Are you going to like getting new glasses? I don't know. Maybe something from this century? No, what happened is I can't afford the prescription I'm walking around with, so I tried to go to Dr. Philotop and I tried to look into his financing. I don't make enough for me to try. I know what's weird about this present, isn't it? I need another contest, though. This is the weirdest thing. Like, she's talking. We hear her voice. It's not going along with her lips. Yeah, it's like a little delay. It's really freaky. All right. What else have you changed about your look there? Anything else? New clothes? New shoes? Well, she's wearing kind of a different shirt, I think. Is that new? Yeah. It is. He gave it to me as a gift. Oh, yeah. Was it, Randall? No. Patty, would you like to kiss me through the glass door? No, I'll put my lips against the door. Yeah, Patty, you put your lips against the door. And then put your face against the door. You fag! Put your lips up! Do a prison kiss. Prison kiss, Patty. There you go. Prison kiss. She won't even kiss you through the window. Go ahead, Patty. Patty, go for it. Hope's got his lips like smashed right against the window. She's waiting for Patty. Patty, go ahead. Just go ahead. Make like you're kissing him right through the glass. No, don't bang your head into... She's banging her head like a pigeon flying into a window. She's got a chocolate tea. She's got a chocolate tea. She's stuck against the window. Come on, go ahead. Come on, Patty. Oh, he just boomed her again. Did you see what she did? She slammed her head up against the window. Come on, are you going to kiss me through the glass or not? Come on, Patty, press ham. There you go. Prison kiss through the window. Go ahead. Patty, straight on! Don't turn your head. Leave it there for a while. What would that be like, man? You could tell because you're that close. It's just a pane of glass away. Oh, you're stealing her up through the glass. What would that be like? Pretty hot? Yeah. Alright, Patty. Thanks for stopping by. We've got a glory hole over here. Go to the other side of the window over there. Okay. Bye-bye. There goes Patty. Oh, you didn't realize? Patty just revealed to me before while we were in spots that she used to be a singer. Oh! She's thinking of songs that she might want to sing to you. Maybe she's going to cover We Deliver Keggers. Hi, Patty. Okay. It was nice to see you today. Very nice today. Yeah, I had fun at the show the other night. It was a lot of fun. That's good, Patty. We'll stalk a Patty at our live show. Okay. Well, thanks for stopping by. Okay, we'll forward to the next one. There she goes, stalker Patty. She's waving. We will not let her in the studio anymore. So now when she stops by, it has to be a prison visit. Do you know exactly what it would be like to kiss her? You were that close. You were one pane of glass away. Would you like to get a hummer from her? Yeah! I'm a guy, idiot. Oh my God. All right, whip it out. Whip it out. I'm going to hob your knob. Chris, what's going on? What's up, fellas? That's the retard, man. I just got through real quick on that one. What do you want to say? I just want to say goodbye to you guys, man. I'm leaving to go move to California tomorrow. Have fun, man. Hopefully you guys will get syndicated sometime soon and I'll be able to listen to you guys out there. We will, yeah, we're trying. We'll see what happens. Is there any chance I can get in touch with the guys who make those O&A Express t-shirts? Yeah, hold on. If you're really moving, hold on. All right. Send Chris a shirt. Seriously, someone take line four. Dave, what's going on? That was disgusting, man. Why? How could you do that? I'm so stuck with Patty. She's gross, man. I didn't do nothing. The glass is like four inches thick. I never touched her. I was pressing my boobs up against the glass. I was pressing my boobs up against the glass. That was disgusting. And making out with her through the glass. That's gross, man. You got your pussies. Go to LA. All right, Dave. Thank you. That was horrific. All right, man. More of your phone calls in just a bit. 212-757-1027. Fran is 84 years old. Rick, you cannot have oral sex with Fran. I'm sorry. No anal is OK. I can't even believe these morons. He's a disgusting little man. What a douchebag. Game over. This is sicker than faces of death. I'm going to have to get rid of this one. Yeah, baby. We need the ones that rock. I'm all pounded in. That's what it sounds like. Sounds like porno music, doesn't it? Yeah. What would be the porno scene if this was the music playing? Hi, cable guy. My TV is all, like, flittery. I could fix that with my... I could fix that with my... I could fix that with my... I could fix that with my... I could fix that with my... my cable. Let me just pull my cable out of here. I gotta hook that up to your box. Oh, my box. It got so wet. That could be a problem. But I'll fix it. I'll fix your wet box with some... some of my big, thick cable. Let me just hook that and slam it into your box. I think it's more fun porno. Yeah? Like the wacky porno? Wacky porno. Pizza guy still has half his uniform on, that type of thing, pounding the housewife, you know? Yeah. I don't know, the wacky porno music is more like the... doot, doot, doot, doot, doot, doot, doot, doot. You know, it's almost like Brady Bunch music or something. Do you have it? You're gonna make me find the porno music? I remember... Because I remember one was really goofy. And that's like the porno scene where the ice cream man comes by ringing the ice cream bell, and the woman comes out and like he's like, Oh, okay, miss. Here's your push-up pop. And he still has his wacky ice cream man hat on as he's railing her. Now that ain't good. Oh, that's like... That's the long stroking. That's California long stroking. Yeah, you're doing some California long stroking to this one. Alright, hold on, I'll find the wacky porno music. Let's try this one. No, it's gotta be like, Poppy. Come on. This is interracial. This is a big black guy. Looks like a baby's arm clinging an apple. Yeah. Okay, hold on. Come on. Wow. He's taking on the whole football team. Yeah, in the shower. Wow. They're playing cards on her back. You like this, don't you? Bitch. I'll find it. How about this one? No. Action. This is when they like try to make like Charlie's Angels into a porno or something. Lesbo scene. Let me try this one. There it is. Goofy porno. Okay, I have your push-up right here. This is Johnson. Hey, what are you doing? Whoa. Yeah, he doesn't know how to screw. He's never screwed before, but he's like three feet long. Oh my goodness. He's still got his wacky ice cream hat on sideways. He's pounding it. Okay, let me just slam it right here. Please. All right. It's Goofy Porn Music. Whoa. I can only imagine what's going on here. I think you know. Forbidden love. Yeah. By ebony delights. Let me get a little taste of that purple wig back. She's got a schoolgirl outfit on. Yeah. Couple more, huh? This is kind of fun. Oh, this is the end of the porno. The last effing scene. As they roll the credits. Yeah, they're out by the pool, just banging. Yeah. I'm going to go with the porno. I'm going to go with the porno. I'm going to go with the porno. Yeah. I bet it was a feel-good porno. Yeah. Everything worked out at the end. Right in the end. Right in the end. Good time anal music. Wasn't that from Anal Intrusion, part eight? Oh, yeah. This is origin music. Look at that. Yeah. Kind of goofy again. With that wacky 60s V3 organ in there. All right. Name the movie this was from, and... Okay. Uh... Teenage Nympho Suckslux? No? The most famous one? Almost the most famous one. Uh... Oh, uh... Uh... Deep Throat? Very good. Enough of the stupid porno music. We've got to use some of these for our music beds though. Yeah, it's better than that one. All right, what else is going on Anthony? We've discussed the Diallo thing. Yeah. We've discussed Strawberry. He's been banned for the entire year. We did a bet yesterday against Alan Iverson and the damn 76ers. I hate Alan Iverson. You do? We held them to 26 points. That's good because the stupid idiot takes like 50 shots a game now. Oh, that's right. We're doing basketball. Can anyone talk to me about basketball? Can Rick? I don't know. Did you see Vince Carter yesterday? Oh, that was sick. 51 points for Vince Carter. They're starting to say that he might be the next Michael Jordan. He's from North Carolina just like Michael was. Sorry, I was checking the closing presses on my options. He's bald just like Michael was. Oh, really? He put on a great game. Now, what did the Dow do today? Dow up 176 points. We bounced back today? Yes, NASDAQ a little down 12 points. Not too shabby. Looks like people coming back to the blue chips today. Well, we hope so. The tech's suffering just a tad. But if you were in it today, a lot of things moving both ways pretty quickly. Could have made some scratch today. I saw Brad Shaw from the WWF on Squawk Box this morning. I thought I was having an acid flashback. It's like 9 o'clock. I like to get up, turn on Squawk Box on what is that? CNBC? Correct. And that's what I like to do. I like to get up, turn on Squawk Box on what is that? CNBC? Correct. And that's what I like to do. I like to get up, turn on Squawk Box on what is that? Correct. And I see what's happening. Pre-market open. Check out how the futures are doing. See how the market might open. And I see Brad Shaw from the WWF discussing stocks. He's supposedly really good. He knows what he's doing. He seems to have made some money in the market over the past couple of years that he's been in. He's a long-term kind of guy. We learned that. He's dressed all nice and speaking intelligently. I'd like to get him on the show. That would be cool. That would be cool. Because he's pretty funny and he knows like stocks. Not a bad combo for this radio show. No. What else is going on that we forgot to talk about today? Oh my god, the guy that fell from that plane. Another brain surgeon. Another stowaway falls from a jet approaching JFK. Where was that? In Lindenhurst? Yeah. Where was it? I don't know. Somewhere in the pattern. Somewhere in the final leg. I guess he fell right outside an emergency room entrance, Anthony. Almost made it. Almost made it. He could have scraped him up. He almost fell right on a gurney. That would have been nice. Wheel him in. They say it appeared to be a man in his 20s. Had some foreign change in his pocket. Probably came from another country. So they're assuming that he came from another country. Yeah, the old gag where you hide in the landing gear, wheel well. It's not a bug. It's not a bus. What do they think? It's one of those rickety old buses that take the mountain roads. You can just hide in it. Some of these guys make it though by hiding in the wheel well. It's gotta get awful cold up there. It's not pressurized. And they're assuming that he's from another country just because he had foreign change in his pocket? Yeah. Could have been from Queens. Astoria. Oh my god. You know, I don't know if the compartment is pressurized. I think it is. I'm not sure, but I think because the tires... I think if it wasn't pressurized, the tires would explode or something. So I don't think the pressure's a problem, but it's just a cold. It's cold, it's not heated. And once it opens up, you better be awake. Don't take a snoot. Imagine that. I'm just gonna nap here. I'll set my little alarm so I wake up before I plummet to my death. Can you imagine being in the wheel well and you're pretty much laying on the part that's gonna open up? Open. And you don't know exactly why? You don't know why it's gonna open up? So you're gonna be laying on the part that's gonna open up? You must be so freaking paranoid. You know, the first couple of hours you're okay because you just took off. Yeah, but you're like, was that only two hours or it is a 12-hour flight? Maybe I've been just hanging here 11 hours already. And then what do you do? Just hold on for dear life for hours waiting for it to start moving? These people are nuts. This country isn't that great. I mean, it's a good place at all, but... Worth holding onto a wheel for 12 hours? And he didn't hold on too well, so that was it. I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to do that. I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to do that. I'm not sure if I'm gonna be able to do that. I mean, what do you do? Do you hold on? Is there a place to hide? I mean, what do you do? Do you hold on? Is there a place to hide? Randall, you got something on this story? Yes. How you guys doing? Listen, it was Long Beach, and they found the body parts behind Long Beach Hospital. Listen, it was Long Beach, and they found the body parts behind Long Beach Hospital. There it is. I knew it between Long Beach Hospital and Randall's Channel. I'm talking maybe five feet from the water. I knew it was an L. It wasn't a good site. They only found body parts? That's why they're assuming it came from the sky, huh? This was no boating accident. Body parts. Hi, gentlemen. Have a good day. We got a flight engineer and pilot on the line, Anthony. We got a flight engineer and pilot on the line, Anthony. Oh, how about that? Hey, how you guys doing? That's my nickname, yeah. Were you in the Air Force or Navy? I still am. Yes, I am. Good job, buddy. I wish it was. Actually, it's a transport. What do you fly? C-131s or something? Yeah, C-5s. You can fly C-131s. Yeah, C-5s. You guys have actually gotten beer for me. Oh, yeah? Yeah, I dropped off a case of German beer. I just got back from Germany. Tonight on JAG, March! And I heard about this guy. Can't believe that idiot. You know what? Those wheel wells are not pressurized. No? Why doesn't the tire explode? Because they're filled with nitrogen. Oh. Ah, so you learn something new every day. Yeah, but don't they... they gotta still be inflated to a certain PSI. Yeah, they were. And that's probably what happened was when they sucked up the landing gear, they probably cut the guy in half. Oh, wow. Jesus. But you read about these guys that make it. I mean, where are they hiding in the wheel well that they make it? Sometimes guys make it on short runs. You know, up and down the coast for only a couple hours. Hold your breath. Geez, man. Yeah, coming from overseas. They said that he may have came from England. They found some English coins in his pocket. And they said there was a British Airways flotter came in at the same time. Hip hip. Chewie-o. So... Oh, rather, I'm falling to my death, don't you know? Unfortunately, the guy just wasn't able to hold his breath, you know? That's what happens. Hold his breath? Man. All right, thank you, March. Hey, take care, guys. Cool. I'm still not buying that. I don't know about that tire pressure thing. The wheel well is not pressurized, and police believe the man could not have survived the flight, Anthony. Okay. Body found in JFK flight path. He had British coins and cigarettes bought in Spain in his pocket. Goodbye, funny man. Godspeed to you. What a way to go. All right, more of your phone calls than just me. Oh, no. You know what I just found out? What? That's how they have a schedule to fly out to WrestleMania. In the wheel wells. Damn, Vince, you bastard. All right, let's take a quick break. We'll be back. Phone line. Give us a call. 212-757-1027. The Opie and Anthony Show. Throw men jumping all over each other. Okay, terrific. One, two, three, four, seven, W-N-E-W. Static. Opie and Anthony, two to seven. Then, more static. One, two, seven, W-O-N-A. It's the Opie and Anthony Show. 212-757-1027 is our phone line. Fast forward. We're going to be back. We're going to be back. What is it going to take for us to get you off to the point where you're going to change the station? That's what I need to know. Shove it. And the On 1027, W-N-E-W. O-B. What is it gonna take for us to piss you off to the point where you're gonna change the station? That's what I need to know. Shove it. Anthony. Boy, it sure is easy to be a fag on this show, isn't it? That's gonna be trouble for O-B and Anthony. We just received a Ph.D. in stupidity. 1027, W-N-E-W. Yeah, so we took a quick musical break there. Power Man 5000, Nobody's Real is what you heard. That's Rob Zombie's brother on lead vocals. Nine-inch nails before that. This is Cole Chamber. He's coming to town with Typo Negative March 14th at Roseland. Lits coming to town March 4th, Irving Plaza, 311 March 4th at Roseland. The Boss coming back to town, Anthony. We all want to be a part of the restock, to the restock. I'm amazed he still has a voice after doing that song way back when. Yeah. Korn coming to town, too, April 1st, Continental Arena. April 8th at Nassau Coliseum. That's my concert pick right there. If you don't see Korn, something's wrong with you. Unbelievable live band. Unbelievable live band. Wow, look at that. We're getting concert information and everything. We're trying to update the show a little bit. I love that Allman Brothers 13 nights at the Beacon. 13 nights. What, are they slacking this year? Don't they usually do like 30 dates? Well, I think that's when the whole area runs out of pot after 13 nights, so they have to leave. There's no more wee. Yeah, if you need to score some wee, get around the Beacon Theater when the Allmans are in town. How many painted denim jackets you think you'll see that night? Hey, man, Allman Brothers band. Look, I got Eden Peach. Let me tell you something. Let me tell you something. Don't laugh. Those guys still know how to do it. Oh, yeah. They've updated the band a little bit. They got like one of their lead guitars now. He's like 24 years old. They've done that move, huh? Yeah, the guy rocks. He's not an Allman Brother. Well, a lot of bands getting back together or trying to stay together like Leonard Skinnerd and... Yeah. Allman Brothers pulling it off, though. It's not so much like it's a nostalgia band when they go out. It's kind of cold. They're still the same. They can pull it off because, you know, Greg Allman, you know, still alive. Yeah. You need one of your singers to be alive to pull it off. You need an Allman for the Allman Brothers. You don't even need a couple of them to be brothers. You just need one. Well, with Leonard Skinnerd, yeah, I know they have a Van Zandt, but it's not the same. Yeah. One of your singers needs to be alive. See, the Allman Brothers lost one, but they still had one. Right. 13 nights. God bless them. God bless them is right. Frank, what's going on? What's up, guys? Hey. How are you? I wanted to talk about that horror show that's coming up on HBO, if these walls could talk, or as I like to refer it, if these dykes could act. What the hell are they thinking? It looks horrible. Have you seen any of the promos for it? With Ellen DeGeneres? Is that the one? Yeah, they got Ellen DeGeneres as the husband, Sharon Stone as the wife. Oh, and Sharon, they've got her in this spiked dyke do. I've had it with Sharon Stone. I was never really a big fan of hers, but they're just like... Come on. When she was in Total Recalls? What? What? Oh, the, no, no, the Cross the Legs one? Well, which way did it go, Doc? Which one was the one where she crosses and uncrosses her legs and shows her... I'm having a basic instinct. Basic instinct, right. There you go. Jesus. I think he was writing like a fiend. Thank you, Stinky. Opie, he's nowhere near this. If you see this, she's got a lot of city miles, so she's looking kind of old, and she's got this spiked dyke do. She looks like Chuck Knoblach with the bleached hair. Chuck Knoblach. Oh, Chuck's prettier than her. Let me put it that way. They've got her and Ellen talking about having a baby, then they have these other two. You can see I watch this a lot. I don't know why I'm complaining. Is it on already or is this just a preview? It's coming up and they've been pushing it hard. They actually have spots on N.E.W., on Gay Rock. They've got Radio Spots TV. They are pushing this big time. There's another chick, Chloe Savigny or whatever her name is, and she's like the butch type. But you know, she looks like Spike from Happy Days. She's got the leather jacket and white T-shirt and her hair. Hey, Spike, we're getting some good references on the show today. Well, I just want to know if you guys are seeing this. I'm blind. It looked awful, but I made you see it just to get the cringe factor. I don't know. Yeah, we might have to see it just so we can goof on it. Oh, yeah. What I saw on HBO this weekend was the latest installment of Real Sex. Yeah. God damn, is that show fun? Oh, man. HBO is great for that. Thank you, Frank. Sure thing, guys. HBO, you won't find a more diverse channel because early in the morning, you could tune in and see like the Berenstain Bears or Babar, the baby elephant cartoon. And then a mere 12 hours later, you're seeing hardcore pornography. On the same stage. People just banging and covering each other with food and eating off each other. Are you like me? It's just a nice surprise. You're flicking around. I truly do not know when Real Sex is on. And all of a sudden I'm going to flip around and there'll be absolutely nothing on TV and all of a sudden, you're just being like, yes. And here's the news. Look at that. It's gorgeous. And in 1942. What channel is this? I don't get the Playboy channel. Real Sex. It's a surprise. Yeah, Real Sex. Well, the latest installment, I had many problems. Did you see the one chick that she teaches like housewives how to give hummers? And she packs up her little... fake penises, I guess you could say that, into a briefcase and goes to a house like it's a Tupperware party. You suck it. And then they have to pick out which one they want to practice on and then they have plates in front of them. And the bottom of the Johnson has like a sticky suction cup. So they plop it on the plates. Now it's like, wah, wah, wah, wah. And they go to town. And they go to town and she shows all these techniques. Teaching the hummer to housewives everywhere. I've been disgusted by some of those though. You turn it on. There's a whole thing going on with group sex and food. I've seen like three different shows about this. And they're lying in bathtubs and pouring honey and chocolate and corn on each other and licking it out of everywhere. It ain't doing nothing for all of them. I don't know. Food and sex, you know, it looks all great. Oh, do you see the seed in nine and a half weeks? When they're in front of the fridge and the cherries and the shrimp and this and that and they're eating. No, no, it's disgusting. Well, food, you want to be licking food out of somewhere? Honestly, I don't mind that at all. If it's one on one, that's fine. I have a problem with the whole group. Like a lady will have her house filled with couples and they're all just getting naked and trying like pouring honey. Like pouring food on each other or the one on the latest real sex is foot fetishes. Hey, Bob, you're sucking on Dan's foot. Oh, my God. And then the guys, they all just get naked together and stuff. Just the naked guy thing. Was that the one where they all go out into the woods with like the guy and try to teach each other that it's good? And it's fine to be with other men and be naked and hug each other? Yeah, they all hug each other naked. Peter from OK's. What's up, Peter? Hey, guys. What's happening, my man? All right. Yo, I had some guys on my Friday night watching that show the other night. And let me tell you something. When we all were going, it's just a room full of these rubbish wanzes. You know what I mean? They had one from the lotto, white guys like that. It's a little too gay for a card game. You know what I mean? Yeah. Every time you turn around, there's a guy's junk in your face. So how to turn it off. But it is a treat late at night, you know? Yeah. All right, gentlemen. Thank you. Bye. You see the one with the couple that went to the black dominatrix to get spanked? That was a good one. They're getting tied up. I mean, they're paying, and you know they must be paying thousands because it's some elite thing to do. It wasn't like a dingy place. This was some upper crusty dominatrix. And they're tying this guy and a woman to boards and whipping them. And they're paying all kinds of money for a woman that I swear it looked like Star Jones with a whip. This big fat black woman is whipping it. You know, if your girl would ever even talk you into doing something like that, it would have to be, take me to the hottest chick ever with a whip. And make sure there's no cameras, no audio equipment. And there's a guy, you know, he's like, I'm doing this because it's very erotic. And here comes Star Jones. I'm going to whip your white ass. Reverend Al with a wig. And they're paying all kinds of cash. My favorite real sex was the guy who got the real doll or whatever it is. Oh yeah, it was a real doll. It was one of those dolls that looked like a real woman, supposedly. Had a male to his house and then they had a... They cost thousands. They had a threesome, him, his girlfriend and the real doll. And the doll. And they filmed it for real sex. Yeah. What a dick. The guy's banging the doll. Right in front of his chick. In front of his chick. And his chick's like kissing the doll at the same time. Excuse me, dude. You got a live one right there. What are you doing? It was my favorite episode of real sex. Evan, what's going on? Hey, how you doing guys? Good. Hey man, I've been watching real sex for years, man. And what's the deal? They're always showing these 50-year-old schlaps on the show. Yeah, well that's when they take the guys out to a retreat or they take these old couples and try to teach them... In the middle of the desert or something, man? Yeah, and they try to teach them how to have like sex again. And the guy's talking, he's like, I'm 58 years old. I'm an accountant and a grandfather. And you're thinking, what if the grandkids are watching you banging Grandma? Or out in the desert with your buddies hugging each other going, Ummm, umm. They're chanting and hugging as they're naked. Swimming in a big pool of mud or something. Yeah, yeah, they're covering each other. I saw that one. Cover Bob with mud. It's okay. Can I give a quick shout out, man? Hit it, Evan. I'd like to say what's up, Carissa. I'm looking forward to seeing you tonight. I hope you feel better. Are you going to pound her? I hope so. Alright, cool. Have a good one. Bye, Evan. Opie, this just in. Quick news report. Yeah. I'm getting a... Just heard an ONA rule on Channel 7. Reporting from a bar where some guy got shot or something. Psycho Mark, one of his psychopaths, has struck. Oh, what do you got something over there? Brian from Bayshore. Yo, ONA on ABC News Live Shot. Someone in the background yelled, ONA rule. Later. Andy from Putnam County. Nice. Next up from Westchester. Just heard ONA rule on Channel 7. Reporting from a bar where some guy got shot or something. The psychopaths strike again, Anthony. Nice. Very good. Mo from Jersey on the issue of feedback. How about the real sex episode about the guys getting naked together in the woods? That is the worst, man. That's the one where they're all getting naked and getting in a big circle and giving group hugs and stuff. They light a big fire. That's the one where the couples split. Yeah. The guys hang out for the morning and the girls hang out together in the morning and the guys all get naked. To feel comfortable about their manhood, I guess. They'd start touching and feeling each other. Yeah, yeah. They're standing... And hugging. With their shweens. They're standing right across from each other, inches away, rubbing each other's shoulders and humming and touching each other. And they're totally naked. Right. What is this helping? What is it helping? And then they finally get... And then the girls do the same thing. That part of the real sex was great. Now they're doing lesbian stuff. But usually there's only one or maybe two decent-looking girls in that. And the rest are like old housewives or fat women or something like that. Then they all get together and bang each other. Yeah. What does that help? Hey, Rob, what's up? Hey, what's up? Well, I'm an airline pilot. I'm 62 years old and I'm just rediscovering my sexuality. Oh, so is the whole world, pal. Jesus, we're watching your sack hanging like Turkish taffy on a summer day. Like click-clacks. Getting off the chair and sticking to it like a fruit roll-up. You guys there? Yeah, Robert. What's up? You're next. Yeah, I was watching this one show, the real sex. I was flipping around last night, a couple nights ago, weeks, whatever. And it's this black guy. He's like a stripper. And they're showing him warming up in the bathroom, like pulling a puddle, you know? And it's like these long-ass arm motions. Like he's got like 10 foot long. So he's getting his junk ready before he hits the stage? Yeah, but not just like our little white guy with the short click motion. This guy, he's reaching full-arms length. Oh, man, you should have seen it. All right, man, thank you. Yo, wait. I was talking to Stephen Lynch online a couple weeks ago. Yes. He's a cool guy. He's a very cool guy. Yeah, he wasn't like a dick. He wasn't like, yo, get out of here, man. He was a cool guy. The people associated with our radio show are very cool guys. Simple as that. Very cool cats indeed. Well, thanks, Rob. Yeah, cool. He's going to have a CD coming out soon, and we're going to try to do the CD signing with him. Yeah, I wanted to go to the J. Moore show, but I couldn't get in because I was only 18. Ah, next time. Yeah, hook me up. All right, bro. All right, later. Peace. The clown sex episode. Let's go to Rich. Rich, you're next on WNAW. Yo, guys, syndication now. Yeah. You ever see the clown sex episode? Like 15 people with rubber chickens pulling them out of everywhere, throwing pies on each other's faces and whatnot, and then getting down and dirty. It was unbelievable. I don't remember that one. No, the clown sex episode's great. You've got to catch it. All right, I'll have to check that out. Rent it now and get a rubber nose ready. All right, thank you. Bye. I don't suck to speak that. I don't know what that is. Well, let's go to Mike. Mike, you're next on NW. Hey, what's up, guys? What's up? Hey, do you ever see the one where they're all sitting around in the woods and they're at this American Indian retreat and they're talking about putting the women's to peely and the men's to pooly and they're hugging each other with, you know, placing their chakras next to each other? Was that the one where they were playing the drum? Yeah, I saw that one. Yeah, they're all naked playing the drum and it's just a bunch of guys and they make them dance and like jump up and down and stuff. Yeah, yeah, could you pick that up? Hey, Hope, you want to go out this weekend? Me and a bunch of guys are going to get naked and play a drum and jump around naked. Imagine we get all the guys associated with this show to go on a retreat where we play the bongos and jump around. Jump around naked. To show our... All right, terrific. Are you talking like the rabbit or the deer? You know, we're talking about the different types of body parts that resemble animals. Yeah. Well, is he fast like a rabbit or slow like a buffalo? We all watch real sex though because it's just so out there. It's a surprise. It's a struggle. You know, it's like a bonus when you flip around and all of a sudden it's on and you're like, what the hell is this? It's the basic cable package smut. Yeah. You got it. Thank you. You guys are great. Take it easy. Thank you, Mike. Bye-bye. It would be greater if we had the phones fixed. Kind of rough. Aaron, what's going on? Hey, what's up guys? How are you doing today? Good. What's up? Hey, you ever see that one where they make the plaster molds of the guys' units? There you go. And the girls' units? Yeah. We've talked about that one in the past. When a bunch of chinky women put their hairs on? Yeah, the chinky women put their hair on the... And they have the guys prepping the girls? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, because they have to be engorged and excited when they put the cast on. So a guy is going to town on the girl and then he pulls away and they dump her a lapful of latex on her. Hey, one more thing I want to tell you guys. I've got a new code word I want you to think about. You know when a girl's got a shaved unit down there? Yes. How about Mrs. Bigglesworth? Oh, very good. Mrs. Bigglesworth. We'll try to start using that one. All right, guys. Have a good one. All right? Thank you. We don't know on our kitties. Yeah, but the factory where they're making the fake penises, that's hilarious. And the fake vaginas. The little Taiwanese ladies like... Oh gosh, oh yeah. Hey, they got to clean up the schlong and paint veins on it. And they're holding this big friggin' knob in their hand with a paint brush, little paint brush. Oh, that's just a bolt that I need to pull over there. Painting veins. What a job. I've never seen one that big before. Jake, what's going on? Oh man, what's up? Hey. Real sex, that's your friggin' rules. You ever see the one where there's these two old guys, right? And you call them up or whatever or you write them a letter and they'll make a porno for you. Like, whatever you want. But the best part is these guys are like 110 years old. And they get like Peruvian prostitutes, you know? And they're over there like, they're like, Yes, brodom baby! You know, they're like directing the girls, you know? They got like a car wash fantasy. They get like eight of these Peruvian whores out there like watching some dude's car. And, you know, it's just like any fetish video or whatever. But it's the best because these guys are like 110 and they're wearing like the green plaid suits. And they can't even see. They can't talk and they're just trying to tell people like, Oh, it's the best one. It's the best. They say two old perverts and they're trying to pay for it. But they get like six grand a video. And they get these guys who are like, you know, the regular guys. They want all these videos. You know, we got this one customer called up once a month. Six grand for porn a month is a little bit much, but. That's fine. Well, people have some sick fetishes out there. Oh, and it was the most bizarre stuff. Car wash, chocolate videos and like anything you can think of. I can't believe HBO gets away with that, man. Yeah, they do get away with some pretty hardcore stuff on there. Oh, it's a man. You ever see the one with the rubber suits? Yes, I saw the rubber suits. Yeah, they like make rubber suits and they like, they did be in rubber or something. I don't even understand how you get off on that, but I guess that happens. Wasn't that the latex? Yeah, yeah, the latex. They paint on the latex or something? There are people that will get off on anything. That's what it is. Like I completely do not understand some of the stuff that they're doing. Like, well, we are into bonding and wrapping and they get off on wrapping women up as tightly as possible around their ways, like corsets and stuff. And there's a whole club dedicated to wrapping women's midsections up. I don't get that. Yeah, like bizarre stuff. I mean, but like stuff you've never even seen before. Like, you know, I like to paint myself with jello and roll around in mud and then slap my cat and dress as a schoolgirl. Wear the Society for Slapping Your Kneecaps with Pliers. Yeah, but there are only 50,000 people. Yeah, I know. They find 50,000 people that are into the same goofy thing. And I'm almost sitting, like when I listen to you guys, right, and I hear all these, the lesbians come in, I'm going, where the hell are all these girls? I never run into them, I never meet them. And then you watch that show and there's a Society for people who like to, you know, I don't know, go down on cats. Jake, you want to see lesbians going at it, you've got to go to one of our road shows. Yeah, my God. It amazes us. Every time we do a road show, we pick two girls out of the audience that have never made out before with another woman. And they're on stage with someone else that they've never met before and they just go at it. Oh, man. It's unbelievable. That's the thing, like you guys can get them out, but you don't see them girls walking around. You know what I'm saying? Now, believe me, before we got the radio gigs, that stuff wasn't just happening. Like, hey, look at this, Hope. Exactly. For a regular schmuck like me, there's too many girls. Like, I can't walk up to a girl and go, hey, get naked and make out on this couch over here. Jake, let me tell you our hell, too. We can only get that happening when we're on a stage in front of 1,400 people. If Aunt and I are going out for a drink, like around the corner, and we see two hot chicks, we can't work the same hand. It just doesn't happen. Yeah, I was in a band, man. And when you're on stage, like, stuff happens and you get off the stage, you're like, so what are you doing later? Like, oh, get away from me. I feel your pain. I know what that's all about. That's like mainstream stuff, though. You guys got to go do a road show and find somebody that likes to smack around a dog and do something crazy while dressing like a nun or something. Well, we're always trying to outdo the last road show, so don't be surprised if we pull a couple good ones out of our pockets soon, all right? Yeah, I went to the Hoboken one, but I didn't make it in. I'm kind of glad, actually. Hoboken kind of sucks. Yeah, that one blew. People had a lot of... You guys got to do something in Jersey, but not in Hoboken. They're in a club big enough for anything in Hoboken. No, we're going further into Jersey in the very near future. We'll have details, all right? Hey, Jake, we got a fly. All right, man. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Is that the big thing we're working on? The Jersey thing? We have a few big things we're working on, yeah. We're talking about that summer. We've been working on that? A little bit, yeah. We got some plans. I'm not saying it, Waird. I'm just saying, oh, my God. Bob, do you see what we come up with? Bob from Branchburg, New Jersey? Where's Branchburg, New Jersey? I've never heard of that town. The best real sex episode was one of the early ones where a 50-year-old woman taught a huge circle of naked women how to masturbate. Oh, yeah. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I was watching like a geyser. I'm trying to look through the page. I saw that. With your new eyes you can see that I'm looking through the page. That sucks. I can't pull the wool over your eyes anymore. With my new eyes you should have saw what I saw when Patty was three inches from my face earlier. I would say in an hour... Let's see one every... This girl rode some horse like thing. How many orgasms does she have in an hour? She passed out and had to be carried off. Oh my God. 600. 600? In an hour? I'm going off. Do the math, man. I'm thinking every like... My God. Do the math. 126. Okay. Record number of orgasms for a man on the same apparatus. One. That's what I would say. Two tops. Now let's say in an hour? In an hour. Let's think. In an hour. Ten. Ten. One. How many orgasms could you have in an hour? In an hour? Like if everything was perfect. Probably five. Kid. No way. If I was trying? Five in an hour? Yeah, why not? I'd be happy with... Three. I mean try. Look, look, I'm talking trying. I'd be happy with like two, but three would be... I'm talking trying too, you know? Well, I'm saying. Like really trying. You're not even trying to hold out or doing it. You're actually trying to finish. That'd be tough. Working everything. Well, this guy had 46 in an hour. Come on. And Steve writes, he probably laid a map of the world on the floor after that hour. On the same apparatus. A milking machine probably. What kind of apparatus is it? I don't know. Well, there's a lot more people talking about real sex here on the line. Steven, you're next on NEW. Hey guys, love your show. Thanks. Give us the other one. I think this is the one you were talking about already. There's a whole bunch of guys in... It was a real sex in Northern California in a retreat. They had a big statue of a penis and they're out mopping around in the woods and they had a masturbation class and they're sitting in a circle, they're all naked and the guy's like... It's so funny. It's so gay. It's so gay. I think every guy, Sotoeman says that. Like when these scenes come out... It's so gay. You want to watch it. You can't shut it off, but you're sitting there going, this is so gay. The guy has a glass penis in his hand or something and he's like, this is the one I like to call the twist and shout. The twist and shout. You remember that one? And he grabbed it and he twisted it and they're all trying it out, sitting in a circle like, oh god. Steven, I must say I did not see that one. You didn't see that one? No. Oh man. Alright bro, thank you. Great show guys. Alright, how about the one where all the guys go to this place where they can dress like women and learn how to totally dress like a girl and then their graduation is a night out on the town and they all go out, I swear it was like eight guys and one woman that helped them get all dressed up walking down the street and they were all like, you know... And we're very proud and happy with the way we look. No. And I think we're very beautiful. You don't have the right voice to... Oh yeah. We're very proud and look beautiful. You know, it's nice to go out and look feminine for a night. I feel like I'm a woman. I feel like a woman. I look like a woman. I think I'm beautiful. And they go to this restaurant and all the guys are just looking like, oh my god, it's a bunch of guys. Then of course they take them to some place like the limelight where it doesn't matter or something. Alright, let's take a break. Yeah. And more to come. Stay there. When calls call up, you treat them like, you know, good people. You don't talk down to them. Hey, f*** you. Jesus Christ, shut up. You idiot. You're such a loser. Hey, f*** you. What a retard. You're high. What are you, stupid? Hey, f*** you. The Opie and Anthony Show. 1027 WNEW. Moving our way through another fine radio show. Thanks for joining us today. We definitely appreciate it. We've had a very busy show. Got to thank Ivory from the WWF for stopping by. Yeah. Vince Center to make good with us. Vince, sending his people. Sending his hot piece of ass. Yeah. To the Opie and Anthony Show. He knows. He knows the power we wield. And I mean the collective with us and you. Yes. Well, they still got to make it up to our listeners. They made it up to us. Yeah, they certainly did. My god. My god. If you weren't tuning in earlier, the WWF had a surprise for us today. At 2.30. So we're like, wow, it must be Vince himself. Mm-hmm. To kneel down and kiss our feet. Right. Yes, you are. But no. He sent the lovely and talented Ivory. The beautiful Ivory came bearing gifts from the WWF. She was funny. She was intelligent. She was beautiful. Hot. Hot. She is so hot in person, it's not even funny. And she seems like a very fun gal. Yeah, it seems like the type of girl you could go, hey, Ivory, you want to grab a few drinks after the show? Just get snotted? Yeah. I think she would go for it in a second. Maybe pound that tight ass? Well, the big surprise was she came in and offered Aunt I and Rick a trip to WrestleMania in California in April. Yeah. So who are we to say no? Yeah, so they're flying us out to see WrestleMania live in Anaheim. And before you guys call us sellouts and stuff, please remember that it's for the good of the show. It's for the show. We're going to be working out there. We're trying to rig it so we can broadcast live from J. Moore's house. We're going to try to broadcast from J. Moore's house. We're going to have all sorts of war stories. Yeah. We'll be coming back with tons and tons of stories to tell you guys. Cool. And they got some things in the works for our listeners as well, okay? Yeah, we said we want to make good with our listeners too. Right. But it was funny because Vince just knows us. Mm-hmm. Because if you send Luna or Mae Young, but he sends like... Or even one of the guys. Well, one of the guys, but he sends the hot piece of ass. Yeah. How are we going to be mad anymore at that point? She's got like the jumpsuit on, the what did she call it? Her little... Austin Powers jumpsuit. Yeah, the Austin Powers jumpsuit with the boobs just sticking out. Zipper right up the front. She even told us that she has a mohawk. Yeah, she keeps it all shaved. Told us we're going to Raw tonight. Yeah, the game is really going to take us for Raw tonight. We're going to be right behind the announce table if you're going. We got to do some goofy stuff. I want to try to throw a rolled up paper ball into JR's hat. It's going to be my goal tonight when it's on camera. You might be about three feet away from him though. I'll just place it there then. I don't care. Yeah. God damn, get your paper out of my hat. He's trying to hit you, JR. Well, the phones are working pretty well today, so let's continue on this one. Michelle, what's up? Hi, guys. How are you doing? Good. Hey. Good. No, I just wanted to comment. I seem to be the only girl who's calling in about real sex. I don't think anyone else is admitting that they even watch it except guys. You get all horned up watching that? I don't know, but it's funny. I mean, sometimes it's erotic too, but I don't think any girl's even scared to admit that they even watch it. I must say it's more funny than erotic. Yeah, it has. Yeah, because sometimes you end up watching a bunch of dirty hippies on, you know. Because some of the things they discuss is just like, come on. Yeah, it's a little out there. But it's funny though. I mean, you've got to watch it. Every time it's on, I have to watch the entire episode. Oh, definitely. When's the new online? Is it Saturday? I don't even know. I don't even want to know. Because it's one of those nice surprises when you're just flipping around the TV and all of a sudden it's like, oh, this is on tonight? Cool. Oh, look, it's naked, girl. Just when you thought there was nothing on TV. So I don't even want to know because that's part of the fun is just being surprised. And what's the first thing you do when you do tune in there and see? It's like, oh, naked. Oh, you look at the clock. Oh, good. Oh, good. I just missed five minutes. Right. But sometimes you look and go, oh, no, it's over in a minute. It's not just your intact detail that you're like, oh, I just missed the whole thing. Oh, I missed it. Isn't that the worst? No matter what show it is, all of a sudden you flip it on and go, oh, that was on tonight. And you look at the clock, it's like 4 to 11. You're like, oh, man. I missed it. I think it's so pissed. Yeah. It's so pissed. Hopefully it'll be out soon. I don't know if it's supposed to be on this weekend. That's what I thought it was. Yeah. Honestly, I think it is Saturday or Friday. I don't know. That's always a good laugh. What's your favorite real sex episode, Michelle? God, you know, it's so funny. I haven't seen them in a long time. I don't even remember. I haven't watched it in a couple months because I haven't even seen a new one in a while. That was the latest one in a long time. And I haven't even watched it. They don't repeat it that much, which is weird. You think they would. The best part, too, is when they talk to the drunk broads down in the village. It looks like the village or something. Oh, yeah. In between, real sex, take 32, and they discuss their sex lives. Oh, I love when they go up to the couples, you mean? Yeah. They're all giggly because they just came from, like, Paisano. They've had a ton of wine. They're going to be on real sex. Yeah. So. Oh, definitely. Well, thank you, Michelle. All right. Take it easy, guys. Okay. Bye. Let's go to John. John is claiming that he's had 32 orgasms in an hour. John, really? Hello? John, you've had 32 orgasms in an hour. That's absolutely true. 32? That's more than one every 32 complete orgasms. One every two minutes. Let me do my math. How the hell did you pull that off? Less than one every two minutes, yeah. How'd you pull that off? Hey, man, let me tell you, I was with you. So you probably did pull it off. Yeah. It was unreal. That's impossible. That's impossible. What's impossible? I'm not going to demonstrate for you. No, that's okay. Weren't you, like, coughing dust at the end? Yeah, it was pretty bad, man. You can't do it every two minutes. That's it? It's impossible. Well, there's 32 times every two minutes. Real sex claimed during that sex convention. A guy did it 46 times in an hour. I'm not believing that either. 46? I don't believe it. Look at John. John, I'm looking at you. 32. I was really tired after that, man. I'd be happy with three in an hour. Maybe push out four. Four? Yeah, that's it. You've got to pace yourself. I'm telling you, man. All right, John. All right, man. Thank you. Take it easy. You're talking no recoup time in between. If you do 32 in an hour? If you do 32 in an hour and no recoup time, and you have to be able to produce product again in every two minutes. Maybe if it seems impossible. Maybe if you tie it off. That technique we learned where you tie it off in a scarf. I think they're calling things orgasms that aren't true male orgasms. You know what I mean? Like, oh, he twitched. There's one. You know? I'm not buying that. Yeah, someone's got to explain that to us. It just doesn't seem possible. I mean, you let it fly. You need some recoup time at least to make some more stuff. Right. Chris, what's going on? Yeah, I want to know, did you guys see that real sex episode where the woman made a mold of her private parts? Yeah, we were just talking about that. Oh, you were just talking about that. Yeah, they get her all excited and then they dump the load in. And then she was handing them out to all the watch people and they were having a little bit of her. Yeah. All right, that's all I got. All right, thank you. Take it easy. Yeah, we discussed that one. That was a good one. Let's go to Keith. Keith, what's going on? What's going on? How you doing? How you doing? You guys catch the Islander game this weekend? Let me get... What happened there? Wait, wait, wait. Can I start? I'll let you say what you want to say. I tuned in the Islanders. They were having an old timers game. When is someone going to buy the Islanders and make them competitive again? This is driving me nuts. I couldn't believe it. I mean, the attendance at the Islander games this year absolutely blows. Okay? We all know that by now. They had an old timers game. They had a new game. They had a new game. They had a new game. They had a new game. They had a new game. They had a new game. They had a new game. They had a new game. They had an old timers game where they brought back pretty much everyone that was involved with the Stanley Cups and they announced the attendance as 6,000 people for the game. They can't even get people into the Coliseum when they bring back all the guys that won the Stanley Cups. Wow. That's sad. And I know it. And if they're announcing 6,000, you know they beefed up those numbers. There's probably half that. That is just pathetic. Yeah, there's more Flyer fans than an Islander fans anyway. Yeah, it was like it was all the Islanders that won all the Stanley Cups against like the old Flyers teams. You know, they made one big old timers team. And no one went. God, that's pathetic. But anyway, you were at the Islander game what? This weekend? Yeah, I wasn't even at the game. I was watching it on TV. Okay. I was talking to Clark Gillies in the second period. I used to caddy for him. Yeah. I used to caddy for all those Islanders. I know all those guys pretty well. They're great guys. But go ahead. They got the camera shot of Clark Gillies talking to Howie Rose. All of a sudden they cut away. And there's Kevin Weeks, the goalie, holding the bra up on his goalie stick up in the air just looking at it with this big smile on his face. And like Howie Rose, they quick show back to his face. He doesn't even comment on it. You see his eyes like, whoa, I can't believe it. And they don't say another thing. But I was wondering if you guys, you know, if that was involved with the radio chick or not. Same white bra from like the Letterman show? Well, the radio chick is getting a lot of publicity with that Letterman thing, man. But no one's mentioning her name. It's pissing us off. She should get all that credit for throwing that bra on stage at the Letterman show and Kathie Lee putting it on. I don't think she would have talked about today. I don't think she was part of that one. Yeah, I didn't get to hear the show. But obviously she's starting a trend and we like that here on the show. Yeah, it was definitely hilarious. Biggest reaction in the coliseum in 10 years. Yeah. Tell me about it. I'm suffering. I'm hurting bad, man. I'm jonesing for a good Islander team. It's been way too long. No, we should start a new trend. If you go see the Islanders or the Devils or the Rangers, next time one of the good guys, you know, scores a hat trick, you got to throw bras onto the ice. A broad trick? Yeah, a broad trick. Take a cue from the radio chick. Why not? Throw the bras on the ice next hat trick for one of the good guys. All right. Thank you, Keith. One more quick thing. Hope to see you at the Raw. It's definitely going to be a spabunaka. Are you coming tonight? I'll be there. All right, cool. All right. We will definitely be there. All right. All right, man. Have fun. Cool. That Islander stuff pisses me off. Are you a Ranger fan? We don't even discuss hockey much on this show. Yeah, not much. I'm not like very passionate about it. But, you know, I've kind of been an Islander fan. It's just so hard to keep interested after so many years of sucking. Know what the problem is with the Islanders, too? If the current management's not going to care, don't expect the fans to care. Yeah, they don't. They're trading all the good players away. They don't have a budget. They don't have the Coliseums falling apart. That scoreboard's ready to kill them all. That scoreboard's ready to come down any time. I'd go to the games just to see the game where the scoreboard falls. Yeah, that'd be something. That place is a piece of crap. I've been going there since I was what, five, six? Yeah, it's crap. Crappy arena. But no, as far as the Islanders and Rangers go, if either of them got anywhere, I would root for them. If we had half a team, I'd be discussing hockey every day. Yeah. But I mean, it's just an embarrassment. The Ranger fans just eat me alive. I can't even wear the Islander jersey anymore. Nothing. No, that's like, you're just marked. I used to live in the damn jersey and stuff. I can't even do it. It's an embarrassment. And a lot of people don't see, you know, how many of those Islander jackets do you see walking around anymore? No one's wearing them. None. They blow. And don't call us fairweather fans. It's gotten to the point where management just doesn't give an F about the team. So why should we? Yeah. They went and tried to change the logo for a while. Remember that whole thing? Right. Yeah, well, put the guy from the fish sticks box on the uniform. That'll be good. The Gorton's a Gloucester fisherman. All right. There's a guy named Manny that's going to explain the 32 orgasms in an hour. All righty. Someone's got to give us a good explanation. Dr. Manny? Dr. Manny, you're next on N.E.W. What's up? How you guys doing? Good. Explain this 32 orgasms. All right, the 32 orgasms in an hour? Yeah. Let me tell you one thing. It reminds me of the days when you were in high school and all, where you're talking about your friends about the longest you did it. I mean, if you're bragging about you did it 32 times in an hour, I mean, that's something you got to be proud about. You know, my longest idea was like two hours, and it took me like about only like three orgasms within those two hours. That's about it. I mean, if you do it like 32 times in an hour. Can we get a doctor on the phone? That's bad. Thank you, Dr. Manny. No problem. Anytime. All right. What we're trying to say is it's physically impossible. It's got to be. Yeah, I don't think you're... 32 times in an hour, that's like one less than every two minutes. Yeah, that's insane. One every almost two minutes. Yeah. Let's just, for the sake of argument, say 30 in an hour. Yeah. That's one every two minutes. No way. Impossible. Consistently. Up to 30. Boom. No way. You don't have it in you. Kuz, what's up? What's up, O? How are you? Listen, I am a Ranger fan, right? But I mean, I respect the Onalters as a team. And what happened... Of course you do. No, seriously. All those years we were singing, I'm being... I'm being... I got a lot. ...a party. Anyway. Can't even do it anymore. Listen, what happened was, Millbury F'd himself, because he tried to get rid of every good player so he could unload the team and move them. Right. But Gary Bettman stepped in and said, no, you're not moving the team. Correct. So he screwed himself. You're right. That's where it all started. And I mean, I'd like to have a better Onalter team because the rivalry's gone. You know, you see fun watching the fights and the good games. But after something... No, it's... No, what is sad about this too is because I really do love watching hockey. I have a hard time watching the Rangers just because I'm not a fan. You know, but when I used to flip around the TV, when you saw Onalters-Rangers, you're not going anywhere. Oh yeah. Now I see it, I'm like, oh, I might see a shift or two and then I move on to something else. It's just not the same. I'm following the Devils more than the Onalters. That's like sacrilege if you're from Long Island. See, I'm not from Long Island, but that's why I hate the Onalters. But I live here now. It's kind of, you know, you hide the jersey when you go outside a little bit. Not anymore, but when I first moved here. Man, you brave mothers that used to go to the Coliseum with the Ranger jerseys. You're crazy. I'll go to the games, but I won't wear any Ranger stuff. I'll get the quiet cheer in, but that's about it. What's more, the attendance at the Islander games or the audience for the morning show here? Oh, that's tough. Isn't that tough? That's tough. I'd say the morning show. Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch-changes. Thank you, Kuz. How it going, guys? All right. You know, let's take a break, Anthony. All right. Let's give out some wrestling tickets. The WWF did stop by today, like we said, and they did bring a boatload of tickets for us to give away. So let's give away a pair now, okay? Winner receives a pair of tickets to the WWF Saturday, April 15th at the Garden. You could get these before you can buy them. Plus a WWF t-shirt. Tickets go on sale for this event Sunday at 10 a.m. Through Ticketmaster. 10th caller, 212-757-1027. Train wrecking. What's that, a train? What's that, a train? OP and Anthony, 1027-WNEW. Take out the mistake, here. Ha ha. This is the OP and Anthony show. We got a urologist on the line that wants to explain the 32 orgasms in an hour, Anthony. All right. A lot of our crazy zany listeners trying to prank us today, so we'll hope that this guy's for real. If not, he got us. Barry, what's up? Hi, doctor, the first name is Barry. Dr. Wayne, Noture Urology Center. Now, here it is. It's doubtful that you can have 32 orgasms, okay? But anything is conceivable. Here's the thing, you asked a question about, let's see, about the amount of liquid. Yes, yes. Okay, here's the story. There's a certain amount that you can do two or three times, correct? But after that's out, after that's finished, the prostrate gland is dry, correct? The what gland? The prostrate gland is dry. How come a urologist is saying prostrate and not prostate? Okay, the gland is dry. When the gland is dry, it doesn't mean you cannot have an orgasm. An orgasm is a muscular contraction. And it doesn't necessarily have to have semen to have a muscular contraction. If a man loses his prostrate gland, you know what happens? He can still have a dry orgasm. Why is a urologist mispronouncing the word prostate? Well, it must be because of my lisp. How do you spell prostate? It's immaterial. The important thing is what I've said is correct. All right? Everything else is immaterial. Okay? I mean, if we can nickel and dime it all, it still comes down to the same thing. Well, Barry, I don't know where you got your medical license. Where did you go to school? I went to North Shore. Where did I go to school? Yeah. New York, N1. Oh, yeah. Well, I hope you have a... It's not a bad school. I know. It's the best for it. Yeah, it's not a bad school. Did you see that one around just rip out his prostate? There goes his head. Saikamaru, give me one. He does this around the office all the time. Gag, gag, gag, gag, gag, gag, gag, gag, gag, gag, gag. 50-count. I want to be a door-gunner on a Huey. Get some! Get some! Get some! Get some! Get some! Get some! Get some! How can you shoot women and children? It's easy. You just don't lead them as much. Yvonne, what's up? Hey, what's up? How are you? I'm good. We want to know if we can come upstairs and sit on your lap or something. Jesus. We're actually on our way to Roarsworth. Yvonne. Oh, you are? Yvonne. Yeah? My girlfriend's here today. Tomorrow. What? Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. Tomorrow. What? Come by tomorrow. My girlfriend's here today. I can't come by tomorrow. Wednesday, then Thursday, Friday, any day but today. Why? It's day on the sitting of the lampay. Why? His girlfriend's here. Oh, you're kidding. Tomorrow, though. I can't do tomorrow. I'll bang you tomorrow. I can't. Do you think you can be on by tomorrow? I don't know if I need to write it. Just not today. Okay, can we come up and sit on someone's lap? What? We have these hot outfits and nothing's happening. Tomorrow. What then? Mark's out there trying to make some less noise. He's like coughing. All right, Yvonne. Thanks for calling. All right. Bye. Bye. Denied. Of course we can't have that happening here. Do you think we are? Andrea, what's up? Hi, Owen A. How are you? Good. Well, I don't know how anybody could even be proud of admitting that they would do that 32 times in an hour. Well, if you were going for a record, I'd give it a shot. That's the only way you can do it. That's like a dork record. There's nothing to be proud of of that. Well, can we get a real urologist to call us and explain this or a sexpert or can we get Laura Korn on the phone? I want to understand this. Well, I'm not a urologist or anything. My real life says I don't think your girlfriend wants you to say, okay, we're done. Oh, let's do it again. Okay, we're done. Yeah, true. No good. I don't know, though. If you're having 32 in an hour, that means you're getting an hour of action straight through. Yeah, I know. But it's kind of like driving a car, you know, stepping on the brakes every hundred yards, but you're still getting there. It really takes you off when it happens. And it seems to me like it would be like just ramrod, you know, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, you know, you wouldn't be able to stop. It sounds like a personal problem, really. All right. Thanks. Thank you. I think the sensitivity in the unit would be so diminished after a few that you wouldn't even be able to get enough sensation to build up for another one, let alone the whole just staying erect portion of the program after so many times. Get out of here. No one does that. So what did we learn on the opening show today? Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven. We have to get out of here in about 10 minutes to go go to the garden and see Raw's war. How does Mike Tyson spell prostrate? That's what Tommy from Staten Island wants to know. B. R. Stain. B. O. U. L. I don't know, but I punch in it. Bend over. I know where it is. It's right up there. I'll put a glove up there. Mother. Let's play what do we learn on the O&A show today? Jay, what's going on? Hopefully we'll have the phones fixed by tomorrow. What's up, Jay? What's going on? I got a good one. Okay. I learned you could do whippet shots off of the airplane wheels. Yeah, we learned they were filled with nitrogen. Oh yeah. I think you just suffocate. And I got two words for you when you're out in the hotels. With the WWF. Yeah. Room service. Room service. Oh yeah. Mini bar. Alright, you guys talk. Indication now. Thank you, Jay. We're losing one of our listeners. Alisa? Alisa? Alisa, hi. Alisa, sorry. Where are you moving to? No, I'm not moving. I'm going back to work. I've been home for 11 weeks. Yeah. And... Where do you work at? You can't listen to us. No. I work in a really stuffy office. That's the best place to put Opie and Anthony on. I would love to. You guys would be great there. But by the time I get out, you guys are just going off. It makes good water cooler talk. You step up there and it's like, hey, hey, Bob. How's your ass? I would love to, but I want to say thanks. You guys have really got me through my recoup time. You got me hooked on Sims like crazy. Yeah, that's a sick game. It's been really good. And you guys, you know, syndication now and forever more. Yes. Well, thank you. Alright, have a great time tonight. Alright. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Hmm. Scott, you're next on WNEW. What's up? Yeah, I'm 11 and tomorrow I'm having sex at in school and I was wondering if you guys could give me some freaky questions to ask the teacher. Ah, that's pretty good. We remember that, the whole sex thing. What, are they separating the guys and the girls? Or do they do it together? No, we had it once before and she's supposed to come back tomorrow and she's just going to progress a little because our Fed horror math teacher had to come in during it. Do they separate you from the girls? No. In the class? Do you want me to show you the film or nothing? Do you see the film where they should say, you know, like... This is the vagina. Girls have vaginas. Boys have penises. They should be kept clean at all times. This is called personal hygiene. She drew this crappy drawing of a girl sitting down with her legs open. It was so funny. Oh yeah? Yeah. That's pretty cool. I never had a teacher do that. I was hilarious. I started breaking out laughing, me and a couple of my friends. Did the drawing have a triangle or Mohawk? It was just like straight down. I guess it was like a Mohawk. All right, Scott, this is what we can do for you. Okay. Because see, if we talk to you about it directly, then people want to string us up by our nuts. So I'm going to hang up with you and then Ant and I are going to suggest a few questions, so just listen to the radio. Okay. Does that make sense? Yeah. All right. Okay, thanks a lot. All right. Thank you, Scott. This is what... He needs a freaky question to ask his sex ed teacher. Freaky question. Does the vagina have teeth? Yeah, that's a good one. Ask that one. Or can a girl get pregnant if she's giving you a hummer? Yeah, or if you do her in the keister. That's a good one, too. Ask her that. All serious, straight face. What kind of babies are born if you do her in the keister? Yeah. Yeah, that's a good one. Hmm. Will they look like spaz? Hmm. Well, we could expand the game now. What did you learn on the Opie and Anthony show and freaky questions to ask the sex ed teacher tomorrow? Yeah. So Scott could go in armed with a bunch of questions. Okay? Okay. Today I learned that the Islanders and the morning show at NAW have something in common, and that is that they both suck, and in a few months they will be the only whiteys at the unemployment line. That didn't make any sense. JB from Westfield, New Jersey. I learned that not being able to jerk to waa-waa two times in a row makes me a weak man compared to a guy who could do it 32 in an hour. Hmm. Okay? Let's go to Frank. Frank, you're next on NAW. What's up? Yeah, hey. Hey. Yeah, I learned that since Opie loves lesbians so much, stalker Patty went out and got herself a short, dyed hair cut to appease him. Ah. Yeah. That was a fun part of the show today. Patty did a prison visit today with us. She was only allowed to talk to us through the glass, the four-inch thick glass. Hey, Opie. Yeah? Yeah, I'd like to get a turkey and cheese sandwich and put it in a wallbounds bag, you home-at-como. You asked, Frank. Thank you. I thought that was a drink we were coming around. Well, no, he's trying to move it around a little. Andre. Hey, what's going on, guys? What's going on? I learned a couple things. I learned that Ant went from being a full-time pothead to shooting up speedballs into his eyes. Right into the retina. And I also learned that Line 3 sucks. Yeah. Yeah, hopefully we'll have effects. Watch, I'll go to Line 3 next now. Over and out, Dreamweaver. There it is. Andre, see? Line 3 sucks. Wow. Andre. Yeah. Hey, what's up? Hey, guys. I got a quick congratulations to Butchi on getting into Time magazine this week. Yeah, a few instant feedbacks coming in at Butchi from the retina. Yeah, there's a quick little article in the back of the magazine. Wow, that's cool. I'll read it real quick if you guys want me. Yeah, hit it. All right, this is a great change for me, said Regis. Regis was Cathy Lee Gifford. Sorry, guys. Subbing last week for David Letterman. I get to sit in for a cranky over-prey team of dominant instead of one. It's bleh. I get to sit in. Wait a minute. I'm not going to read this. I'm going to read this. I'm going to read this. I'm going to read this. Wait a minute. First, now we got to ask you some questions. How old are you? 15. Okay, where do you go to school? Riverdale High School. Riverdale High School. And are you in remedial English? No, actually I'm one of the top kids in my class. You're one of the top kids in the class. Let me explain. Three words for you. Hooked on phonics. Oh, be a queer man. Working for me. Working for me. Where's the Brian Regan? Hooked on phonics. I got to bring in the Brian Regan. All right, guys. I'm going to read this for like two million people. Are you expecting not to be nervous? All right, take two. All right, now just, Andrew, just read it like you were at your Riverdale High School. Okay. This is a great change for me, said a Regislip list, Kathy Lee Giffords. Something last week for David Letterman. I get to sit in for a cranky intercourse with Donna instead of sitting next to him. But seriously, Giffords' pattern was interrupted by a lingerie-throwing heckler who instructed the free and easy Gifford to put on a bra. She did retorting, put on a jockstrap, guys. We got a picture of her with a bra on. Oh, cool. And I made Time Magazine. It's in the people section in the back. Very good. Thank you, Andrew. Sorry about that, guys. That's okay. All right. Congrats to the Radio Chick. That prank is all over the place. And she was a little bummed today, you know, because she's not getting any credit for it. And it's making all the magazines. It's been all over the news. It does suck when you do something and don't get credit for it. I mean, hell. Yeah, but we hope all you guys are checking out the Radio Chick show at this time. She's really working her ass off. That stunt put her on the map in our eyes without a doubt, right, Ed? Yeah. She's got bigger balls than us. We wouldn't have been able to do that but she and her, so. But she was kind of bummed because everyone is talking about this. It's making all the magazines. Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't say Radio Chick or nothing, but. What? Did I miss something? He's holding up a little sign over there. Debbie, what's up? What's up? How are you, Debbie? I'm good. How are you guys doing? Good. Listen, you know what I learned on the show today? What? That Yvonne is going to come over tomorrow the next day and give one of you a hummer. Listen, she forgot to ask you about the tickets. We're on our way to Roy's War. Oh, it's you guys again. Yeah, it's us. So listen. Yeah. Listen, we got tickets through you guys. I won them because I wanted to escort you guys to the cafe that night. Remember? So you gave them to me because you're broad and daring because you have tickets. Right. So I thought the tickets were going to be really good and we looked really good tonight and I like the section to be in here. That was a good one. What's up with that high lob? I know. I'm doing a high volley. Behind the back. Damn it. All right, a little faster. Down the line. Damn. Ah, dog. Kind of petered out by the net. Thank you, Debbie. What? Was this on the phone? So grossed and ping-pong. Let's go to TJ. TJ, you're next on any W. What's up? What's up, guys? How are you? I learned that for free tickets to California, even two radio tours like you can get on the air by two o'clock. We're on the air every day. This guy listens much too closely. TJ, we're on every day too. Yeah. Oh, yeah. You know, like the Mike Tyson dig. Yeah, we're always on it too. I'm a sex therapist again. Yeah. I've been that way in a while. Maybe a little Metallica with the work of strera. I haven't heard that in a while. Come on. We're on the air every day too. Working hard for you guys. All right, guys. Hey, I checked out American Beauty this weekend. Great flick. You haven't seen that before? No, I hadn't. It was just re-released in the theater, surprisingly enough, or Saturday night. It was sold out. I love, love, love that freaking movie. Yeah, definitely. That should win the Academy Award Best Picture this year. Hey, Kevin Spacey, definitely for Best Actor. See you next time. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Kevin Spacey, definitely for Best Actor. Unbelievable, right? It's hilarious in that movie. Yeah. There were so many good things going on in that damn movie. Absolutely. All right, guys. Have a good one. Enjoy your bra. Thank you. Later. Later. Yeah, we gotta freaking get out of here for that. Yeah. Billy, let's go. Line three. Yeah. Line three. Billy. Billy. No. Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy, Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. Billy. A tragedy, a true American tragedy. Kenny, what's up? Hey, what's up, man? How's it going? Great. Hey, you guys did a great show, man. Listen, I was listening earlier today and I just wanted to say I'm going to Raw tonight and I'm going to have a sign that says Ivory's got a mohawk. Yeah, someone's got to get that sign on TV tonight. She did tell us she has a mohawk. Yeah. Very good. Definitely. Thank you. Keep it going, guys. All right. Let's go to Chuck. We only have a couple more minutes left here. Chuck? Hey, how you doing? Good, Chuck. How are you doing? I wanted to ask his teacher what kind of exercises you got to do to have 32 orgasms in an hour. Oh, that's not a bad question to ask the sex ed teacher. You know, maybe weight lifting a little cleaning jerk or something. Very good. Thank you, Chuck. Bye. What was the name of the Monty Python movie where they were doing the sex ed class and he brings his wife in? John Cleese brings his wife in and proceeds to bang her right on the front desk? I don't remember that. Meeting of life. Meeting of life, right? Meeting of life. It's so freaking funny. Remember? And he's like, you know, step by step instructions right in front of the kids. I don't remember that part. All right. Are we done? Yeah. What? Glenn? Yeah, how you doing, guys? Thanks for picking me up. You guys are great. Thanks. Listen, the little kid could ask his teacher, because I've seen this happen. I work in a school. Little kid says, my mom told me if you put your mouth down there, you're going to get a heart attack. I'm going to get a heart attack. I'm going to get a heart attack. I'm going to get a heart attack. I'm going to get a heart attack. I'm going to get a heart attack. I'm going to get a heart attack. You'll hear that a lot when you put your mouth down there that my teeth will rot out. Dude. So, should he ask that question? What? Yeah, should he ask that question? That's a good one, man. All right, Glenn. That stumped the teacher a hard time. She was telling the whole faculty in the teacher's room. There was a big laugh about it. Yeah. You don't think that's good, huh? No. It was absolutely hilarious. Well, hold me up, Tom. Yeah, come on! Yeah. I'm going to miss that. All right, thanks for having me. Love it. How about we take you out Calimbine style? There you go. Little homage. Tribute to the late Tom Likus. Couple more days. Gotta work out the contract at the most. Two more days, I believe. Okay. Gotta work out the fine print and then the contract for the new guys. Mama, mama, mama, mama. Hey, hey, hey. Goodbye. What? I don't know. Bob, what's up? Hey, I wonder if everybody has their price. Shut up, Bob. Come on. You wouldn't take a free trip to LA? Yeah, I would. All right. You guys got your price. All right, thank you. It's pretty easy. Thank you, Bob. He almost sounds angry. He's okay. He's okay. I think with that we gotta leave. Let's get out of here, man. All right. Can we give away something? What do you want to give away? Paws. Yeah, let's give away this. This is the funniest promotion we've done since moving back to New York. What is it? Guy in Pop-Tart? How many can we give away? Four. The next four people that call are gonna receive a spot on the Budweiser WNAW party bus to Mountain Creek Sunday with Ben and Psycho Mark. Oh, on the drunk bus. On the drunk. And a guest? So you can bring your best pal to hang out with Ben and Psycho Mark. Everyone that's winning this trip to Mountain Creek with Budweiser and NAW, it's like everything's taken care of, skiing and everything. No one wants to ski. They just want to hang out with Ben and Psycho Mark and get really, really drunk and high. Who wouldn't? So we'll take the next four callers to win this. You gotta be 21 or older, okay? Dude, I mean there's gonna be people going, dude, like, why is it cold? Why is it so cold? It's a ski trip. Right? Why'd you take us where there's snow? It's a ski trip. Skiing? I don't know about that. I just want to party with you two. I haven't been to Mountain Creek in a long time. Do they have a good bar up there? Yeah, and Big Lodge. Big Lodge, okay. Wow, the Lodge. Because I have a feeling most of these people are gonna be hanging with you guys right at the bar there. Yeah. All right. The next four callers receive a spot on the Budweiser and NAW party bus to Mountain Creek Sunday this Sunday with Ben and Psycho Mark. If you can't go, please don't call and let someone else win, okay? Yeah. 212-757-1027 is the phone line. Look for Spaz tonight with ONA flags. Tonight at the WWF event at the Garden. The flags are courtesy of Al at apolloflags.com, Anthony. Would love to see a bunch of ONA show related signs at Raw tonight. That would be nice. And we'll be there, so if you see us, come by and say hi, please. We don't mind at all. And we'll see you guys tomorrow too, all right? Yeah. Oh, me and Anthony. Those guys are lightweights. I can drink them both under the table.