 It is Opie and Anthony. Hello, how are you guys? Thanks for joining us. Do you know what's going on with the New Hampshire Farmers? What? Do we care? What? Don't like politics? Yeah. I think George W. Bush is going to be the next president of each United States. That's about it. John McCain! John McCain! Oh. They're all a bunch of goofballs. I hate them all. Yeah. I mean, freaking Al Gore, they're trying to make him look human. And the fact is he looks like he's a robot. He looks like Frankenstein when he walks. They have him shaking hands there in New Hampshire and he's just like... That ain't going to work. No. But George W. Bush will be the next president of these United States. And I love Bill Bradley, but I mean, I got to say it because this is what happens. He just looks like a slob. It's like Bill. Like, press your suits. Do something. Come here. He won't be elected if he looks like a slob. No, I mean, they say the only reason Clinton was elected was because he looked so good on TV and the women went crazy for him. Yeah. What the hell happens? What lady is going to vote for Bill Bradley? They're all going to go for Bush. Yeah. No, but they will. Like, he's got everything going for him. He's got the father that was the president. He's got vote loads of cash behind his campaign. He's got the backing of the Republican Party. And the Democratic Party is a bunch of goofballs. And he looks good on a snowmobile. Oh, yeah, yeah. You see the snowmobile? At least he can pull it off. Remember the Michael Dukakis fiasco when they were like, hey, you know, he'll look cool in a tank with his big tank helmet on. Oh, you look like one of those Mets things in the back window of the car. That big head bobbing around? That was it. His big head sticking out of the tank. That lost him the election right there. You've got to think when that footage happened too that they filmed it ahead of time and his people had to look at it and go, yeah, we'll use this. What are you, stupid? Look like a retard. Like you should be on a short bus. But George W. is doing all the right things, you know, not talking about the cocaine issue. Everybody bringing that up at the beginning when he first started saying that he was running. Apparently, there are reports that he was into coke back when he was young. Who would think, you know, your son John in the 80s doing coke? Wow. I think he was the only one. He was the only one and I believe it's dead now. Dead now. Vinny, that's pregnant today's argument. This is Vinny here. Vinny! Yeah. What's up? I have a question for you. What's up? I have a question for you. What's up? I have a question for you. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? What's up? All right. Yeah, okay, okay. That'll be nice. All right. All right. Yes. If you don't want to hear anyone else's story, it's all up to you. Do you understand with Hepatitis B and itís all down in your blood. Does it still exist? Young adults look at their nuevas all human beings. Well I'm not going to agree that Hepatitis is hopeless because in a lot ofoltış hey, we need to look a whole lotas in and stuff and especially with Hepatitis need to give them no idea how important it is to have your home. Is it casting away tudoram, 딕 TschIT on the front, on the back? He was perfectly honest. When it comes down to it, he's a man. He knows what he's talking about. That's all I got, fellas. Take care. All right. Thank you. Wow. We're doomed as a people, by the way. Pete, what's going on? Yeah, I agree with that guy, Vinny. Okay? The only problem he has is he couldn't articulate his words properly. He's just too street stupid. Okay? But the truth of the matter is, you know, the one question they asked before was, well, Pete, what are you, Vinny? I'm third generation American. Okay? My parents, my mother and father were born here. Their parents were born here. My great-great grandparents were born here. When they came to this country, they came to this country with nothing in their pockets, the shoes in their feet. And all they asked for was a job to work for pennies a day to perpetuate their own family and their own race. Now these people fought over on inner tubes. You heard us talk about it. Cubans drown. I mean, for God's sakes, guys, you know, some of you don't understand what I'm saying. And now they fought over to the country on inner tubes, rubber dead bodies, whatever. And they put their hands out and say, what about me? What about me? I agree. There are worlds around this freaking country. It's full of no vacancy. Put the no vacancy sign up. All right, Pete, thank you. What I'm saying? That's it. Well, I agree with the immigration thing. Yeah, I got you there. People completely outraged now, Anthony. Enough. Vinny hit a nerve with everybody, it seems like. I wonder why. What he was saying wasn't too controversial. Vinny's back on the air here. Vinny, what's going on? Hey, O&A. I thought you were finished. My phone went out on me. But one guy was wanting to know what I was. I'm Italian and, you know, for nothing. And Anthony could back me up on this. Oh, yeah, and blunt me in. Anthony, our people, we discovered this country. It was named after us. I mean, we basically built it. I mean, come on. Right. Am I right? All us, all us Dago cement workers. I mean, I may have came off a little strong, which I didn't mean. A little? There's a lot of good blacks and Hispanic people out there. Don't get me wrong. But I'm just saying, I'm sick and tired. I watch the news every night. I mean, if you don't see what's going on out there, I mean, it's a crying shame. I mean, what these people are doing. I don't know if it's the way they're brought up, you know, without fathers or whatever the deal is. But they've ruined this country. I mean, they've ruined it. All right, hold on a second. I'm sure people are going to be outraged in a few seconds here. Hold on. I don't know why. All right, hold on, though. We'll go back to Vinny in a second. Let's go to Paulie, who's a cop. Paulie, what's up? I agree with what Vinny's saying there, though. I mean, you know, I'm a cop and I work downtown. And let me tell you, in like 10 years, I've arrested maybe five white guys. You look at the news every night, what do you say? The most heinous crimes that are committed, who are they committed by? Right or wrong? Are we talking serial killers? Because that's always the white guy. Oh, of course. You got our guy, you know, like Rifkin and stuff. He was a white guy. You got me on that. The kooky white guys. You talking arsonists? Those are always white too. No, not always. All these rapes and all this other crime that's coming on. Yeah, I got to tell you, a lot of rapes that you see in the paper when you see the composite drawing sketch, black guys. There's some angry black guys out there with the rape. Of course, all the time. Robbery, stuff like that. Yeah, armed robbery. I'll go with the black guy. You always see that. Always, always. And also Vinny. Domestic violence. I got to go with whitey on that. I don't know about that. Babies falling out the window, always Hispanic. What is with the Hispanics? They can't keep their friggin' babies in the high rise building windows. Take some of the chicken wire off the chicken coop and put it up on the window. Too many kids that keep track of that. Why? Oh, man. Frank, is Dominican, Frank? I'm Dominican, first generation. Mother came off the boat by way of Puerto Rico. You got a stolen car phone? Actually, no. It's a work phone. I haven't knocked up a liquor store or stolen a car in at least a week. Well, you're on the line with Vinny. Vinny, Frank is a Dominican guy. Hello, Frank. How you doing, Vinny? Hey, Frank, are you a hardworking Hispanic man? I consider myself. I care about 90 Gs a year, so I'm doing okay. Let me tell you something. I'm very proud of you. I think that's great. I'm saying if you look at the statistics, they're supposedly the minority in this country. They're the ones that are filling up our jails. You knock out the blacks and the Hispanics from the equation. Who's going to be in these jails? Nobody. You're not going to need any prison guards. You're not going to have to buy a club for your car. You're not going to have to lock your door basically at night. That might be true here in the urban centers. When you go out to the Midwest and who's committing the crimes all out there. It's all the rednecks and all the unimpeded. I don't know about that. I watch Andy Griffith and it doesn't look that bad. I just noticed the drunk is the only one in the jail cell. Look at cops in some of these cities out in the Midwest. Who's committing all the crimes out there? Who do they have hontides in Missouri and St. Louis? The drunk white guy in the pickup truck. I can't walk the straight line. That's pretty funny to watch. And by the way, Columbus didn't discover this place. He was lost and the Native Americans were here before anybody else about 5,000 years. Oh, please. So they're just going to have to get the police to come and get him. I'm not going to let anybody get away with this. Oh, please. Just a minor technicality. Let me tell you something about history. Back then it was like the beginning of a monopoly or something. You just kind of bump into a country and you claim it and you kill everyone and then you own it. That's how it had to be done back then. You conquered places. That was the way of the world. I do want to say thank you to the Smash people for lending them the money for the boats. You do a great job at that. That was pretty cool. Our contribution to history. Queen Isabella. Thank you, Frank. That's all she wanted was some of Columbus' Italian sausage. Queen Isabella. I think he had a nailer for those three boats. Hello? I thought I'd inject a little intelligence into this conversation here. That has no place on this show. I know that. OK and Anthony, more stupidity on the way. 1027 WNEW. I can't believe these people are here. I'm going to go to the police. I'm going to go to the police. I can't even believe these people are on anything. He's a disgusting little man. What a douchebag. Dream wreck radio. I'm going to go. This is sicker than faces of death. 1027 WNEW. Hello Mark. Are you ready to play Hi Mom I'm in jail? Sure. What are you going to tell your mom when she gets on the phone? I'm going to tell her I was with a couple of profiteers. You're going to tell her you were with a couple of prostitutes? Yeah. Wow that could be pretty good. I haven't been to jail in about eight years. So she thinks you've cleaned up your act? Yeah and I'm happily married. Oh and you're married and you got called the prostitute? Yeah. Maybe you can tell her something like you can't tell your wife obviously so you had to call her. Yeah I had to call a couple of them. Let's give your mom a call man. OK cool. Make this good. You're going to have to speak up real loud because the phones really suck. OK. Mark. What? Listen it's Mark. Yeah? Listen I'm in jail. What? I got caught with a couple of prostitutes. Who's this? Mark. It's your son Mark. Where are you? I'm in jail. Where? In Lowell right here downtown. With what? Oh give me a call. Don't call my house. This call is being monitored ma'am. OK. I didn't know she was joking with me. Are you serious or what? Mom I'm serious. We've set the bail at $5,000. That would be cash. $5,000? Yes. What did he do? It was found with a couple of prostitutes in the Lowell area. One of which was a transvestite. And it's a serious charge ma'am. Will someone be coming to pick him up? Mark. He's in Lowell? Mark. What? Can you come? We've got to clear this up before it makes the paper tomorrow morning. Yeah because now the newspapers print all the a-johns that were caught with prostitutes. So his name will be emblazoned for all to see in the Boston Herald tomorrow. Who am I speaking to? This is Officer Jenkins. Officer Jenkins? I'll have to call his brother. I'll call his brother. I'll call his brother and see if I can get the money. We know also the prostitute has a tested positive for the AIDS virus. Which is another problem he's going to have to deal with. Hello ma'am. Yes I'm here. Where's Sonny Boy? Are you speaking up to your mother? Yeah ma'am. What? I don't know how to tell you how this happened. I was with the brain. You know the brain? Oh yeah? I take care of it with a couple of them. It's not a laughing matter son. I know. Mother sounds very upset. You try to raise your kids. I'm sure you did your best didn't you ma'am? Yeah. And look at what happens. Oh my god. I can't do this anymore. Ma'am! Excuse me ma'am. Happy Mother's Day ma'am. Joke. This was the worst. I'm going to burn in hell for this. Ma'am! She's alright. He's fine. He's not in jail. Why? You could smack him in the head. Mom you still there? Talk to us ma'am. Look how upset. Oh my god. I got to make a phone call. Did you know she was going to get that upset? No. I can joke but I'm always joking with you. I'm the one who's joking with you. We feel horrible now. You got to smooth things over and call us back man. Alright. Good luck. Bye. Oh no. That one didn't work well. Oh my god. Boopie and Anthony. There's no level 2L that you guys won't stick to. Boopie is a level 3. Boop. 107W and EW. Are you in love with each other? Yes we're homo. Love gay people. Yes we're homo. It's so easy to get guys naked. Yes we have a lot of pent up sexual frustration. Yes we're coming out. We're gay. Yes, Boopie and Anthony. Two guys who are not afraid to love each other. We're here. We're fabulous. Get used to us. 107W and EW. Hey Anne, your mom did say I was high. Aw come on mom. Don't bang on people. You f*** my mom. I'm f***ing yours. Oh, this is disgusting. I say lay back and enjoy it. The hell with the bargain ride. Boopie and Anthony. A couple of real motherf***ers. Hahaha. Hahaha. Haha. What's up Anthony? My buddy, my pal. My partner in crime. Hey Anne. You're listening to the Opie and Anthony show. The most talked about radio show in the entire country at this point. Wow. Let's not kid ourselves. Everyone loves to hate the Opie and Anthony show. Isn't that funny? And we laugh at all of you. I'm hiccuping. I'm laughing so hard. We laugh at all of you. Yeah. I love how people love to spell out our impending demise. Remember like the first three months we were here? It was going to be over. We were out of here. After three months. It wouldn't last. Then it was six months. They'll never make the new year. They'll never make a year. Okay. It just keeps going and going until you know two years later what? We're past a year and a half at this point. Yeah. I don't worry about it. It doesn't look like we're going anywhere anytime soon people. Any of our detractors that like to say well I guess that's it. You know they took a little hit in some of the ratings and that must be it. Oops sorry. Why are the bosses around here patting us on the back and congratulating us and trying to get us hookers and stuff? And at this station it doesn't seem to matter. It'll take quite a while for us to get down to a .5. Or a .8. So we still have plenty of time to really screw up. I gotta say cause I know he's listening cause he's such a loser. Tell me Tom you took our bait and you're such a loser. We laugh at you today. Do you think you're ever going to get to us? You loser. He's attempting to trash the only, the only show on N.E.W. that's making money for this company. What are you talking about? You got a Brian on the car phone. Brian how are you? Jam-like. Eddie what's going on? Yeah I was just wanting to talk about Likus. As soon as he got on he was like you know how, who, who, how, they went from 14 to 7. How could they talk you know? Hey Eddie we got under his skin so bad he had to spend another hour on his syndicated radio show that supposedly is all over the country. The country doesn't know who Opie and Anthony is but he's helping us out on that front. Now people all over the country know who Opie and Anthony is. He also brought up, I mean later on a couple hours into the show he started talking about Anthony. He said that Anthony is probably going to lose the CD radio and the divorce. You know and then I called up and I said that's not true and he hit me in the head with a yule lock and then he was talking about you know Anthony's mom and Anthony's smoking again. I don't know where this guy's going. I think he's lost in space Opie. I know that's why I just hung up on him. Let's go to Ed next. Ed what's going on? How are you? Yeah. Come on. Alright I got a few points to make. One is that he was making a big freaking deal about how Z197.1 beat you guys. Meanwhile it is a known fact that music stations get ten times more listeners than any talk station. You know we don't need anyone defending us today. We said it yesterday too that we took a hit in the ratings. We went from 7th place overall to 14th. Yeah you guys did see that. But the fact is and this is a major fact which he even slipped and said during his little rant last night that what matters the most when you do a talk show, Ed and I are now in the talk show genre, is to do very well 25 to 44 with men. Anthony what are our ratings for men 25 to 44 this past book? Number one. Thank you Anthony. That's right. That's all that matters. The 12 plus number is a bragging right. We would like to be higher. But the truth of the matter is we're not pulling in 12 year olds, 13 year old and 14 year old boys or girls. And we're not getting the upper end of the spectrum. The 60 year old men or women either. We have a very loyal following. We're making an S load of money for the company. They are very happy with us. And that's the truth. What's pathetic is Tom Lycus, we set the table for him. When we get off the air at 7 o'clock, we have a huge, huge audience. That's another thing I was going to say. He would have no one if it wasn't for you guys. He doesn't have anyone. Hold on. The .8, those listeners come from you guys. Ed, a .8, you might as well have no one listening. The fact is that there's a religious programming station out of Jersey that beats Tom Lycus at night. And contrary to what Tubby Tom says, our show today is not going to be a three hour infomercial for the Tom Lycus show. No, it's a quick thrashing. And then we move on. And then that's it. And the fact is every time we do talk about him, his numbers don't go up because we just tell everyone to stop listening to you, Tom. We hated you from the beginning. We still hate you. And I guarantee you this, Tom. Tom. I know we get under his skin. And that makes my day. Trust me. Jam! I will guarantee you this one, Mr. Lycus. Okay? Aunt and I will last in New York radio much longer than you will. That is a fact. Aunt and I are up to 19 months. You're up to three months. You want to make a little wager to see who lasts longer, pal? I would like to say it wouldn't even last a year, but they'll probably give you a year just to be nice about it. Come on! Because we have bigger problems with this radio station than getting rid of the .8 night show. You know what blows? What b-b-blows around here? The station, uh, is in the crapper. Takes a big tank, again. Per usual. And we get lumped in with it. We're doing very well, thank you very much. Then you got to open up the post and read how no one's listening? Not to this show! We have people listening. We have a huge audience. All you have to do is go to the Super Bowl party to figure that out. But the post, you know, they see NEW as a one, I don't even know what this station's at right now. It's a one-two, Anthony. Average is one-two. Let's just put this in perspective so people can understand this, okay? The station's at a one-point-two overall. Our morning show is a point p-p-p-p-point five! Compared to Howard's nine-point-oh. Just to put it in perspective, okay? Then, uh, mid-days is a one-point-one, I believe. You and I shoot up to a two-point-nine. Two-point-nine, and we hand that whole audience over to Tom. Who in return hangs onto how much of that audience? Point p-p-p-point eight! People punching out like mad. There's a station, all they do is religious broadcasting out of Jersey that beats him at night. Wow, better than, uh, J-er on a car phone! And he was talking about honestly on his radio show last night. If you want to be honest, why doesn't he talk about where he got his, uh, you know, Flip Him Out Friday idea from? Flip Him Out Friday, okay? Or whatever he calls him, Flash Him Friday? I honestly don't know. The fact is, and this is the reason why we hate him, and we'll never support him, we know for a fact that he stole that idea from us. It's a rip-off of our Whip Him Out Wednesday. We said it the first day he was on the air that we won't acknowledge him and help him out until he admits that he stole the greatest radio promotion of all time. Thank you. Just in case you're wondering why we hate him so much. Yeah. And he talks about being honest. Come on, Tom. Tell him. Tell him about how you were down in Turks and Caicos. Broadcasting live the same week Aunt and I were. With Sam Adams. And how Aunt and I were doing Whip Him Out Wednesday down there, and the whole island was loving it, couldn't believe it, thought it was unbelievable. And you even said it on the show that... But I call it Flash Friday! That you started the promotion about a month after you got back from Turks and Caicos. Totally different. I got it on tape. You said it. A month after you got back from Turks and Caicos when you were broadcasting live at the same promotion we were for a week straight. You start this great promotion of yours. Come on! That's why we hate you and we'll never support you, and can't wait for you to be gone. Point eight. That's an embarrassment. We hand you an audience you can't even keep it. Well, who the hell wants to talk about him anymore? Load. That load. Crap. John, what's going on? John! John, what's up? John, what's up? Hello. Hey, John. Hey, my name's Joe. I think... How you doing, John? Hey, we're going to take you out like a style. This clown spent the whole... His first fifteen minutes of his show defending how come his ratings suck. Well, there was a subway series that was building and the whole station revamped. So he spent the first fifteen minutes defending about how his show sucks. And then after he finished getting himself on some sort of solid ground he was like, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And then after he finished getting himself on some sort of solid ground he decided to take pot shots at you guys. That's fine. I'm not going to mention him by name. I don't care if they mention me by name. It gives me ratings. The only reason why I listen to the SOBs is because he happens to fall on the radio after you if I'm doing my driving late at night. John, that's fine. You don't have to defend us because you know what? We were in our office laughing at the top of our lungs going, we got him again. We got under his skin. Look, he has to spend an hour of his syndicated show that's syndicated all over the country talking about Opiate Anthony. Who wins? Who wins, Tom? You loser. The guy only talks about things that he thinks he has a strong standing on. He picks on women and how his whole philosophy of men. The guy's a freaking joke, number one. Number two, if he's had any sense he'd understand the philosophy of radio the way you guys evolved, the way you guys paid your dues where you needed to and kicked ass where you needed to. And hopefully grow. This guy's going nowhere fast. John, our ratings are fine. Everything that went on in the last three months we're very happy with what we got yesterday. And we're still number one with the demo that matters the most. Men 25 to 44. And with everything else, fine. They go up and down, who cares? But it's nice that they do go up as opposed to certain other shows. The biggest embarrassment of this radio station is the Tubby Tom Show, by the way. We know our morning show sucks and all, .5, you know, whatever. But, I mean, they don't have a lead in the morning show at all, okay? They have to kind of start from zero. And they don't do much better from zero, obviously. Zero to .5. But to hand somebody the huge audience that we get in the afternoons and then turn that around and get a .8 that's an embarrassment. That's an embarrassment. I mean, come on. Come on. .8. A .8. Unbelievable. Makes me want to pull out of Yulah. Danny, what's going on? Yo, what's up fellas? I tried to get through to his show. Danny from New York. How you doing? You're on the John Likus Show. Hello, Taff. Head Jerko. I tried to get through to his radio program and his gay lover flash and his phone screener, Mike Douchebag. He got all the information. I hit him with everything. The listener parties, how he stole your promotion and stuff like that. He kept me on hold for 15 minutes. Of course. You know why? Because he's so calculated. The one thing about our radio show, we'll just go to the phones, you want to trash us? Fine, do it. We don't care. He set up so many calls last night that made it so calculated the point he wanted to make. He had this foul suit. That's sad. He had the gohanis, you know, to take some abuse from your fans. He doesn't have the balls. He doesn't have the balls. And I confronted him when he was live in New York for a week. We went right into his studio. He couldn't take it anymore. He turned off our microphones. He got so freaked out. You were making fun of my voice, my radio voice. We have a copy of that. We got to play that on our show. It was so freaking funny. I started mocking his voice and he was like, Yeah, you got to play that, man. I wanted to rip him a new one for you guys. Keep up the good work. Bye, man. Bye. We're just about done with this and then we'll start our real show. Who's this? Raul? Yeah, what's up, guys? That guy is so horrible. He just sits there trying to abuse you guys. I know. I love when DJs do that to Aunt Nye. Everyone knows who they're talking about and they're too scared to even say our names. That guy is horrible. Boy, that's some brave radio. Ouch. Can you guys do me a favor? Can you put on the Mike Tyson vid again? Come on, man. We're trying to record this. If we have a slow part of the show today, we'll do that, okay? You just did. Is the reef coming? No, you're all right. Let's see. Jeff's going to try to explain what Tubby Tom was saying last night. Jeff, what's up? Hey, how are you doing? I got through to him. I called him up and I was like, I just want to tell you how much better you are than ONA and he let me right through. When I got on, I just wanted to discuss how your ratings drop. So the first thing I had in my mouth was nobody's why yours don't drop and nobody wants to drop on me. I was just just... They won't let me through if I say, oh yeah, I like ONA and I want to rip on you. I want to rip on them right away. He takes this whole thing a little more seriously than we do. We openly laughed at the speaker last night when he was talking to the whole country about OP and Anthony. What a loser. The only reason why I was talking about you guys is because you don't want to lose your listeners and he knows we're going to listen so we can try to rip on them. We talked about him in the beginning when he first came to New York and a lot of people checked him out because we started talking about him but it didn't help in the ratings and it's going to happen again. We'll fade away and stop talking about him again and his ratings will continue to be sucky. I told him, I said, know who you're better than? He goes, who? I said, the morning show. He goes, oh thanks, they said, well, you know. He started up in the morning when as soon as he came on going, oh, I'm going to read off all the names that are ahead of me and he read off the Spanish station. And I told him, I said, you're right below the Spanish people. There's only 1% of them around here. Alright, Jeff. Thanks a lot, guys. But there you go. There's our cute little response, Tom. That's it. It's not going to be a 3 hour infomercial. Still number 1, men 25 to 44. I know how important that is. Don't you, Tom? You know how important that is, right? You would wish for that, wouldn't you? You're never going to get it. Ever, ever, ever. Come on! And I'll say it again. Aunt and I will outlast you in New York. We're up to 17 months. You've got 3 under your belt. Let's see how this one plays out, Anthony. Yeah. Oh. They laugh at you. Alright, let's start our real show now. Yeah, we'll do that. Got that out of the way. Ace all those tubby Tom calls. We're not spending any more time talking about them. That's it. We've got a good show today. We've got Gary Conrad coming in, the hypnotist. Are you going to try to be hypnotized today, Aunt? I'll sit down and see if he can do it. Why not? Who else is going to get hypnotized? We've got to get Spaz again because he was priceless last time. Oh yeah, priceless. Well, we've got to start by you. Who's he going for this time, an Emmy? Come on. We've got to start with you confronting Gary Conrad. You don't believe in this. I don't believe it. Sorry. And you will attempt to get hypnotized today. I'll take a stab at it. We've got to get Psycho Mark to get hypnotized as well. Psycho Mark has basically said he'll do it. Alright, cool. We've got a couple of listeners down and I think we're going to have a good show, guys. Thanks, Rick. I'm encouraged by that. Rick says we're going to have a good show, Anthony. Thank Christ. Jesus. Thanks, Gelman. Ah, dude. Gelman! Rick's like Gelman, just trying to get mic-tied. You're like Gelman. I am not. Where are the whores? Or all of a sudden Gelman has to say something because he's trying to get like freaking camera-tied. You got me. Gelman, time for our Millennium 2000 trivia contest. Who wants to be a cocot? Alright. Our facts line is 212-9579. Kathy Lee, your knobs! They're hanging like cow orders. Wear a bra for God's sake, Gelman! Get her a bra! Alright, and our facts line is Alright, and our facts line is 212-9579-639. Phone line is 212-757-1027. And it's the Opie and Anthony show. Thanks for listening to the number one show with Ben, 25 to 44, Anthony. That's right, Opie. Let's not forget that fact. It's an important fact, okay? They forget about it when they write in the paper. What did you learn on the show? I learned how to function like an idiot without a high school diploma and a job in the radio. And then the theater of the mindless. 1027 WNEW. It's the Opie and Anthony show. Thanks for tuning us in. We appreciate it. It's 1027 WNEW. Patently waiting for Gary Conrad, the hypnotist, to make his way through the studio door, Anthony. He's got his work cut out for him today because, sure does, Anthony has become a skeptic. Yeah, just doesn't believe in it. I'm amazed by that because I know that Rick or Spazz would have told us by now if they were faking it, if they were acting, if they were going along with the hypnotist. and to this day, they swear they have no idea what was going on. I still don't buy it. Even Rick said he was looking at the tape when he was under hypnosis and he couldn't believe the stuff he was doing. Don't buy it. What's in it for those guys? I just don't, uh, don't believe it. I don't know what's in it for them. I think maybe they wanted to believe that they were hypnotized, maybe, um, maybe they were just acting for the show and now it went too far for them to say now that he was goofing. I don't know. Talk to Rick Gellman. Shut your ass. Rick Gellman. Yes, Anthony and, uh, Opie Lee. You were, uh, you were indeed hypnotized, you say? Yeah. So when you were acting like a child in the corner, you had no control over your body. You, all of a sudden, were this child in the corner looking for a quarter or holding a quarter that Opie gave you in the corner. You were completely out of effing control. If there was a fire in the building, you would have cowered in the corner like a child and died because you could not snap out of it and be an adult that you are. I have no idea. I mean, I don't know, you can't say because the situation didn't happen so you don't know how your body's going to react. You couldn't at any point sit in that corner nothing in your head went like... Get up and walk away? That would be a great test though. Hypnotize someone to be a child and then all of a sudden, you know, you tell them there's a fire and they have to get out and see how they act. Pfft. I ain't buying it. Are you filming our show, Steve? I'm not buying it because Rick also had that look on his face. It's that I'm BSing look when he's trying to be serious. No, look. No, it's not. His mouth does something very distinct when he's lying. I can tell when he's BSing every time. No, it has nothing to do with that. About that whole thing, I'm not sure. All I can tell you though is that I remember the part where I couldn't curse and I had to do some Chinese crap and I remember it a couple days later when we were talking about it how frustrating it felt when I recalled that because it wouldn't come out of my mouth no matter how I wanted to talk. Yes! Look, Steve! My argument is then how come there aren't more hypnotist criminals? You know, hypnotize somebody to go into the bank and open the vault for you. Okay, well here's what he explained to us in the other room. He says if you're not going to be open to this let me know because it's probably not going to take. You've got to be able to relax, be open to it, and just let him do his thing. I mean, if you're going to sit there and go well, you know, I really don't believe this crap I'm going to try and do it. I am going to do everything he tells me to do. You have already been predisposed. You've already told yourself you're not going to be hypnotized. I'm a skeptic. What can I say? There's a level of trust that you've got to give the guy. I'm not saying I'm not going to be hypnotized. I'm saying give it your best shot. I'm going to sit here and do everything you tell me to do and we'll see what happens. And I have another witness in the studio that happened to be here that day. Steve from the unofficial website came in to film it again today and he saw what I saw. Yes, I did. He has nothing to gain or lose. So, Steve, what's your opinion on this? My opinion? Well, actually the reason I'm videotaping Anthony right now and whatever he's saying is because I want to do a before and after. If it takes, I want to get this, this skeptic sort of response and then I want to get him bouncing around singing I'm a little teapot. I believe in hypnosis but I've got to tell you I know my buddy Anthony is not going to take with him. If he's as unwilling as he sounds it probably won't work. So anyone not willing to go along with it it's not going to work. What a gag that is. What a racket that is. Oh look, it's not going to work because you're not open to it. I'm open to it. Well, we'll have to ask Gary Conrad. We will, you know? I'm sure he has an explanation. He's probably been asked that before. But Steve, you saw what I saw. How f'ed up was that? What Rick and what Kevin were doing was so out of character for what they usually do. So why couldn't Rick just at any point as he's acting like a child you mean to tell me you are so f'ed up that you couldn't even that's worse than any booze or drugs or anything. You could do heroin and it would be like, hey Rick, what's up? You'd at least be yourself. This is more powerful than any narcotic on the face of the earth. I have by mistake said stupid stuff that has come back to bite me on the air. Why the hell would I voluntarily make myself look like an ass in front of you guys? Because it's hypnosis. There's nothing to gain. No, because it's supposed to be hypnosis. It's for the show. It's whatever it is. I don't like you guys that much. I still don't know what your intentions were during this whole thing. What your motivation was for doing that. If you remember, I wasn't even going to do it. OPI kind of pushed it on me because we were lacking a few people. A few people backed out. So I was kind of a last minute, alright, I'll do it, what the hell. We've set the table here. We'll see what Gary Conrad has to say. Bill, what's going on? Hey, what's going on man? How are you guys doing today? Good, you're live on the radio. What's up? Cool man, listen, I almost just sleep at the wheel here. I'm trying to be able to hypnotize that man sitting in colostomy into having some personality or something. Oh my god, I tried to hypnotize this morning, they're horrible. So maybe the hypnotist can help us get some ratings. Well, that's what I'm thinking, man. I don't know, take the two or three of their fans and hypnotize or something. That's something to ask him, Bill. Thank you. Alright, good luck guys, take care. Kevin believes. Kevin, you're next on NEW. What's up? I've witnessed others be hypnotized and I'm pretty sure it's the real McCoy, man. Is there some kind of cult thing that these people are coming out of the woodwork to defend the hypnotist? I don't know what it is. I'll tell you guys, I saw a guy hypnotize about 12 people when I was in high school. They were doing some pretty outlandish stuff flipping like he said that these guys were looking up at an airplane in the sky and everybody was waving to them, flipping them to bird, this one guy got up and mooned them all. It's the real thing, man, I'm telling you. Alright, thank you, Kevin. Alright, have a good one. Bob from Freeport on the Instant Feedback, have them... What word can we use? We can't use the P word. Have them urinate themselves, that should prove it once and for all. Because who would do that? We might have to challenge Gary Conrad to make these guys do some just incredibly outrageous, ridiculous things. I don't know. I'll agree to whatever he says, I'll go through the whole process there and we'll see what happens. But I'm very skeptical. Keith, what's going on? It's not Keith, it's Pete. This is why Anthony can't be hypnotized and this is why Spaz is so easily hypnotized. Spaz has no will. If you have self-control and you have your own state of mind, you know it's in your head, your thoughts, you control it. Anthony has that kind of personality. You can see when they talked about... Remember when his buddy came over, I can't think of the comedian from the Olive Garden, and they had to make the... It was the... They had the little spy cam coming down to the airship. He's so technical and he's so persistent that his body won't be hypnotized. His mind won't be hypnotized. That's his problem. However, Spaz will do anything, anywhere. For example, lick a stained seat in front of other people and then have Anthony admit in front of everybody that it wasn't him. By the way, ask Spaz... Dude, put down the pipe. Slow down. I'm sorry, man. I get excited when I talk to you guys in the front. I love your show. You guys are great. I think you touched on ten different things in 30 seconds. We lost you. I'm still here. The point I was trying to make was that Anthony's not going to be hypnotized because he has a strong will. That's the problem. It's all conscious mind. We got a lot of questions to ask Gary Conrad. One more thing. Just one more thing. Just ask Spaz, what does Anthony taste like? All right. Very good. Thank you. I got a lot of email before the show and they said that they can't really hear what Anthony was confessing at the Super Bowl party. Oh, really? Because we bleeped out the F word. I'm just going to tell people that Anthony, in front of over a thousand people, said I F'd on the couch. On the couch. In the office. Thank you. Don, what's going on? I've seen the hypnotize be done. I don't believe it works. It's just like they're all acting. You know why I don't think it works too? Because it's bad acting. You know, the normal one-of-the-mill person that you take off the street isn't a very good actor. And they don't do very well under hypnosis either. Obviously there's limits. I don't think you can hypnotize someone and make them into a brain surgeon or a good actor. I think it has to be within their abilities normally. It's like, you know, a spaz, you're a hooker trying to get money out of Anthony. And he's like, hey baby, it's just like bad acting. Why would he do that though? For the show. And then not fess up to it at this point? Why would he do that? Goof. So you're saying because he sounded like spaz it wasn't believable? No, because it was just bad acting. Not because he sounded like spaz. What else is he going to sound like? Are you thinking, because you think in cartoon terms of like Bugs Bunny hypnotize where it's so over the top. Me? You guys are thinking that. The lightning bolts coming out of the eyes into the head and all of a sudden he has no control. He's in the corner like an infant. Get out of here. I saw Rick acting badly as an infant in the corner. That's what I saw. Think of it as breaking down the walls of self-consciousness. If all of a sudden you're not opposed to doing any of this stuff, sure, you can act like a baby. I don't know. I don't know. You could try to smooth it over with as much psychobabble as possible. I ain't buying it. Exactly. That's why you won't be able to. The thing that they did was so outlandish that they might not be able to do that on their own. I think Gary made it a lot easier for them to do that by making them meet. He sat there for 40 minutes and calmed them all down. What if someone is hypnotized? I walk up to him like Rick is in the corner, an infant, and I go, Rick, Rick, what are you, a jerk-off? Look at you. You look like an ass. Or try to make them laugh. I wish I would have done that because I think I could have totally made them laugh and broken them down. Then maybe you shouldn't be hypnotized today and you should try to mess with the people that are hypnotized. Oh, no. You're trying to hypnotize me. Chris, what's going on? Hi, how's it going, guys? Good. When I was in high school, we had a guy named Amazing Neil on our senior trip. We had about 400 people in the senior class. He said, anybody wants to try to get up? Probably about 30 people got up. I was one of them. I was a little bit of a skeptic. He said, if it doesn't work after the first five minutes, you know it's not working. At about 30 people, about 10 people sat down. He had the shyest kid in our senior class making out with a microphone stand. Some people worked, but I went up there a little skeptic. He had people, you know, dirty dancing, guys and girls laying on each other that wouldn't have touched each other sober. Yeah, I've seen all that before. I truly believe this stuff. Thank you, Chris. Joe Soprano checking in from the Bronx. I would like to see Gary hypnotize one of the guys, namely Psycho Mark, to pick a booger and eat it. That's lovely. I hope this backfires on your ass, Ant. I hope you go under like that. He's not... We get to dance in a jig or something. If I do, God bless him. He's an amazing man. Let me go on record. I believe in this hypnosis thing. There's no way Ant's going under. We'll see. I don't want to look foolish later. There's no way he's going to go under. See what happens, man. You never know. You're going to be able to let go and trust him. Just go with it and see what happens. I promise you, I will do everything he says. I will relax. I will close my eyes. I'll deep breathe. Whatever the hell he wants me to do, I will do. I will clear my mind. I won't sit there making jokes and goofing. I will go through everything the way he wants me to go through it. And we'll see what happens. That's all I'm saying. We got to take a break, Anthony? You're listening to the number one show with men, 25 to 44. No one else wants to talk about that, because we're all going to be talking about our own horns. Everyone else wants to make us look like losers in the paper and on the internet today. So we'll say it. We'll say it. Listen to the lineup promo. Who's missing? OPM for the afternoon. Mason and Kulinski more on the radio. Check midday on 1027 WNAW. 1027 WNAW. It's OPM Anthony. Hey. What's your stuff? I ought to say hi today, Anthony. Hi, Bill. Cowbell Bill. Hey. Hasn't been on the show in a while? Yeah. Hey, Bill, you haven't seen your buddy Anthony in a while? Or are you digging his new clothes? Ooh, look at that. There must be somebody new in your life. I don't feel that. Bill, at least there's new clothes. Because I can't get my old one. You know, she took everything, man. The clothes are gone. I took one little batch of clothing. That was it? Your computer and ran? Yeah, like my computer and a few clothes and stuff. I thought I'd be able to go back and get the rest of my clothing. No. Well, the phone rang today in the office. Rick picks it up. Rick picks it up. Rick picks it up. Uh-oh. Rick picks it up. Do I ever pick up my effing telephone in the office? Ever, ever, ever. Never, ever, ever. I mean, we're in meetings, the phone's ringing. I'm like, I don't care. I'm not picking up the phone. I don't pick it up. Why did I pick up the phone? Because you thought it was the Hard Rock calling back to bring us lunch or something. But why would they have my phone number? Because I gave them an extension. Why did you give them my extension knowing I would never answer the phone? Because you were on Opie's extension doing an interview. But anyway, regardless of how it happened, I never answered the phone. Rick answered the phone. He goes, Oops, I guess I shouldn't answer that. So now I picked the phone up. It's the Future X. And You know, talking about a couple of finances and things like that, you know? Some issues, sure. I bring up the point that I'd like to come by maybe and get the rest of my clothes at some point. Seems that they somehow made their way into goodwill. Our own Ziggy that we had on the show is probably wearing some of my shirts. I can get some clothes. Yeah, seems my clothes are bagged up and shipped out. Great, to goodwill. We could at least auction them off on the show. Yeah, they'd want to have your defense fund. You can believe it's like, oh yeah, come by and get some of my clothes. Oh, clothes? Like my new ones. Fancy underwear, $4.95. Yeah, seems the clothing is not an issue anymore. Don't feel bad. And I had a friend of mine show up at a club one night wearing his work boots covered with cloth, dress slacks, and the vest for the dress slacks. No shirt. I look at him. I look at him. I go, Chip, what happened? Yo Billy, man, she took everything. Just the vest, the vest, the strappy, encrusted boots. She took everything. Big ass hairy chest with just the vest on. Hang out. And he had to go down to the bar. He had nowhere else to go. With the vest on, he had his work, man. Yo Billy, man, how'd I look? Freaking Chip, man. Chip, Chip, yo Billy, man. The best part of this story, Ann went back to his place. We've talked about it in the air, so I guess we can bring it up again. Yeah, I had to get my computer equipment. But see, at that point you had a chance to get your clothes. It just shows you how much you really like your computer. Well, I only had a limited time. A limited window of opportunity. Because I've got to say something. At that point you didn't start shopping for new clothes. I mean, your jeans were starting to smell. Of course it smelled. Now, first of all, you know, screw you. First of all, it isn't like that. I have clean clothes and I shower. Ass. What are you talking about? I'm just messing with you. Holy smoke. No, I took all the clothing that I needed. There were just other things that you have in your closet that you don't wear that often. You know? Speaking of that window of opportunity, how did you get in there? Through the window of opportunity. Well, yeah, I was thinking in my head, based on previous things that had happened, you know, I won't go into any details, I was under the assumption that if I went and knocked on the door and she was home, that I wouldn't have been able to get in to get my computer equipment. So I opted to take the other chance, which is to just let myself in, let's say, to the house that I was paying rent on anyway. Can you picture that? That was me. Isn't that that famous radio guy's butt hanging out? I was hanging down from cables through the roof, trying not to sit off the floor alarm. I was hovering over it and a little bead of sweat fell off my forehead. It landed on my arm, I think. Here's their computer equipment. Let me just pop the disc out. Oh, I've got to get my porn. God knows what kind of trouble that can make for me in a court of law. Yeah, I wasn't concerned more with my computer equipment than what was on that hard drive. Why can't I reformat this thing? Sink me for sure. Yes, must reformat hard drive. So I reclaimed my computer equipment. And now all that was over there that I figured I would go by at some point and pick up was my clothes, which, good will. I still don't know the fate of my radio-controlled helicopter. Something tells me, same fate as the old NBC traffic chopper. Same fare just as well as Stevie Ray's chopper, I do believe. What about that great mountain bike we got? No, I got that. You got that? I got that when I went to get my computer. I strapped that to the roof. That's how I made my getaway, on the mountain bike. I asked Rick to borrow his mountain biking pants and I strapped everything to my back. Well, look at the bright side. There's some poor, unfortunate kid with a brand new helicopter flying around with an FN Talk at 1027 t-shirt. Jesus Christ. We should have a new contest. Spot Anthony's clothes on the street. Can you find any of my clothing? Yeah, let me know. There would be some WAF Boston shirts that might turn up. Some LEW stuff. Some beer and liquor t-shirts. Plenty of Budweiser clothing. I got my golf clubs too there, Bill. We could still play some golf. I love your priorities. Computer, mountain bike. Toys. The clothing was just like an afterthought of what I threw on top of the golf clubs. I got my helicopter. Damn it. PJ! Did we lose PJ? PJ! No? Oh. PJ! Okay. PJ! No. Ah. We had a good one too. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. There's nothing else there. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. Oh. Well, that's very funny, Anthony. Tragic, but funny. Well, you know, it's life, Obeyan. You're left with more than I did. Corky Anthony. Corky Anthony. What were you saying, Bill? You're left with more than I did. Yeah. Bill kind of went through a situation. It happened to be summer. All I had was shorts and a t-shirt. And you got, Bill? Wiped out. Everything wiped out. Can you retell the story? That's one of the funniest stories ever. Cute little story. I had a story about how a couple of weeks ago my love life hit rock bottom. You want me to tell this story on top of that story? A couple of weeks ago something happened? Yeah. Your love life hit rock bottom? Look at his face. It's embarrassing. I didn't hear about this one. It's pretty embarrassing. What happened? I met the local watering hole peppers. Friday afternoon, half the hour, I usually hang for a couple of hours and I go home. That was the deal. I was ready to go home. In walks the nerdiest looking guy you've ever seen in your life. I'm talking crew cut, coke, bottle glasses, the pencils in his top pocket. Sits down, orders eight shots. This guy isn't with anybody. Bangs, all eight shots. Tequila, I think. I said, I've got to hang out and watch this. You wanted to go home. Talk about out of his element. You picture the front row at a Rolling Stones concert. 1969, the cameras panning across the front row. Bikers, hippies, and all of a sudden there's Pee Wee Herman. That's where this guy is. He looks at me and goes, hey, you want to do a Dr. Pepper? I'm like, what the hell is that? You drop a shot in a gist or whatever. That's a Huntington drink all the way. I did one. That's not bad. He's buying them. I'm like, OK. I'm banging them. I'm like, this is pretty good. The last thing I remember was saying, I don't think I should drive home. That was the last thing I remember. I woke up Saturday morning. Now, you know how water beds work? Yeah. Water displacement, buoyancy. Sure. Normally my alarm clock is right at eye level. I wake up. I'm like, oh no. Why am I looking down at my alarm clock? That meant somebody was on the other side pushing down on that bed, thus lifting you up a little more than you're used to. 270 pounds worth. Oh my God. Where did you find it? I'm like, what the hell? You don't even remember? No. No. The last thing I remember was saying, I think I should get a ride home. And you ended up with a chick that was 270 pounds? At least. Were you hypnotized? At least. I was anesthetized. Oh my God. Now, I got up and I said, you got to go. You have to go. Before any of my pals come over here. I never let it down. Oh, it's too late now. I went back to the bar the next day to get my cough. The whole place was looking at me like, are you nuts? I mean, you know. But yeah, Phil's nailed some pretty quality tail in his day, too. You know, like it's his reputation. He walks out with a hemorrhage like, whoa, he's slumming tonight. I think that hepa carried me out. Put me in her back pocket and took me home. Oh, man. So anyway, I said, they said, you know, the guy that was buying you those Dr. Peppers? I said, yeah. They said the paramedics had to show up, put them out on a stretcher. That's a good night. You were the lucky one. All time low. All time low. That's a good story, too. You've been better off in the stretcher. I know. I would have been. Too funny. All right. We got to take a quick break here. Waiting for Gary Conrad to show up to hit the test. A lot of good phone calls on hold. You guys stay there. We'll go to you next. One oh two seven double W.W.W. It's the Opie and Anthony show sitting in today. Cowbell Bill. We love Cowbell Bill's stories. He hasn't been here in a while. Steve from the unofficial website hanging out. Bill from the old neighborhood. I haven't been out there in a while. How is it out on the island? I know. We like to see you out there. I haven't been out there in quite some time there, Bill. Give Bill some headphones, please. Let's go to the phones here, Anthony. Tom, you're next on any W. What's up? Hey, how you guys doing? We're doing all right. I just jumped in. I hear Anthony telling that story about going home and getting his computer out. It reminded me a month ago. My wife probably was having trouble and she got me restrained or I can't go in the house. So I'm walking out. I've got no clothes. I've got nothing to do. I'm walking around the block. I'm waiting for her to leave the house. I break into the house. I feel like such a criminal going into the house. I'm creeping around making sure nobody's watching me. I get my clothes. I get home. She cut all the buttons and all the pockets out of all my clothes. I got home, put my pants on, stick my hands in my pockets. There's no pockets in my pants. Nothing at all. I don't know if that happened to you, but jeez. Cut the buttons and the pockets out. Put the buttons off my shirts, all my good shirts, no buttons. My pants, no pockets. Man. Cut them all out. So she must have knew I was coming by. All right, Tom, thank you. Before you leave, this is Tom Lycus. This show couldn't beat that Saturday morning health show you guys got. Tom Lycus, I don't know who he is, but thank you. Thanks for the call. Mariah, what's going on? This is Sophie and Anthony. Yeah, you're next. Hi, guys. I just wanted to tell Anthony I could definitely relate to that because when my marriage broke up, I got the three guys in the truck to move me and I had to wait until my husband left. And I had to help them move because we had to move that fast. So here's the three guys and me moving the furniture out. They had a two hour window so I could definitely relate to having to be out in a hurry. The three guys have anything to do with your marriage? No, it had nothing to do with it. Actually, Anthony, it was like I had a husband that didn't want to work and I was working free jobs while he was banging somebody in the house. So that's why I left. Rock. Hey, I can relate to that. Thank you, Mariah. You're welcome. Bill, you're going to tell the other story. You've told it before, but it's a killer. Bill had a great life. Well, just like that girl said, I'm working my butt off. I'm sending my wife to school to become an RN, paying for the house, and she finally gets a job as an RN. I can't look. So I was banging the doctor. Oh, man. She's still on a swallow. Turns out to be my best friend's second cousin. So I said to him, I'm like, hey, what's the deal with this guy? He's like, oh, he bangs all the nurses. Oh, just give it up. Great. So I basically got booted out of the house, took everything, left me with nothing. And my mother's saying, well, don't worry, honey. What goes around comes around. I'm like, yeah, my right. There's no way this is ever going to even out. A couple of years later, I hear from my best friend that the guy gets in an accident with his Jaguar, bites off his tongue, and they can't find it. I figured I'd give him a jingle. You called him up. I called him up. Remember me? Can I catch your tongue? Dick. Wow. I asked my wife, how does that feel? Like nothing. He's giving you a little stub. I love that story. Oh, wow. True story. Sue, what's going on? Hi. Hi. How are you doing? Great. I just have a drinking story for you guys. Drinking story? Yeah. How do we get that? I'm talking about drinking. I just figured you want to hear a drinking story about my husband and I. Sure, why not? We were out partying with a bunch of friends. Went to their house, wound up being, you know, promiscuous and we were skinny dipping, wound up getting totally ossified. We were happened to be up the street, drove home, throw up in the driveway, my husband and I. He dragged me. He dragged me to a place called the Carlyle, and I was like, oh, my goodness. I'm going to go and get a drink. He dragged me to the car. He dragged me. He could only drag me into the garage and we wind up sleeping naked on the garage floor. My children had to cover us up. Oh, Jesus. 16 years old and 13 years old, we're taking care of mom and dad, drunk and sleeping on the garage floor. That's a sight they'll never, ever forget. You know what? I hope that they kind of got something out of it. Of course, we didn't get much out of it. That'll screw you up for life. It was hysterical. Your parents were drunk and naked in the garage. You taste like antifreeze. But you know, it's totally embarrassing to have your kids taking care of you when you're ossified and naked. Yeah. You screwed them up. That's it. They kind of rigged us for a while over it. I've never caught one of those inadvertent down-the-shirt looks at your mom or something. She goes to bend over or something. You just turn and look. You're like, oh, God, I just saw my mom's boob. You're like, oh, son of a bitch. 12 years old, cut-shod, that exact thing. Same thing. I think it always had to happen. It happens. You're like, oh, God. They like F'ed you up for a while. You don't want to think about that. You don't want to think that your mom's fat. Yeah, it's burning in your head. Swing and boob. You're like, oh, God. You're like, oh, God. You're like, oh, God. You're like, oh, God. You're like, oh, God. You're like, oh, God. You're like, oh, God. Come on. Mama? Mike? Yo, what's up, O&A? I got a story for Bill today. You want to talk about fat broads in the bed? One time. Not really, but go ahead. Listen, I'm in the ball one day. I'm six foot, like, 325, right? I'm hanging out. I wake up the next morning. I look over. There's this cow that's the size of a friggin' couch with legs. Sitting there, she's about 4'11", 250 pounds, and just a big swab. I'm looking at her like, holy Christ, what the hell did I do? I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. I'm like, oh, God. It sounds like you have a lot of experience with this, Mike. Well, yeah, I like to go hogging now and then. All right. Good luck, fellas. Thank you, Mike. Thanks in a while. I got to roll a fat one. With that, let's play a couple tunes. We'll be back. Maybe Gary Conrad got scared. Maybe, because you want to confront him today. He hasn't shown up yet. Poof Fighters, Everlogue. David Grohl arrested for driving drunk on a moped. On a moped. Way to go, Dave. It's 1027WAW. Opie, you scum. And Anthony. Your new name is Dick. Opie and Anthony. What changed you into such a demonic little bastard? 1027WAW. WAW. Hey, Kaitlin. Hi. How are you? Kaitlin. How old are you, Kaitlin? I'm 28 now. Man, you're a little old to have the name Kaitlin. I thought that was one of the most popular names that only hit in 1990. Wow. Kaitlin is like the Gertrude of the roaring 20s. Gertie. Gertie, you know? Hey, Gertie. Back in the roaring 20s, I bet Gertrude was a great name for women and little girls, but Mildred. But you just don't see that name anymore. Kaitlin is the same thing. Eventually it's going to run its course, I think. Ethel. Men find Kaitlin very cute. Yeah, but there was a time, Ethel was a great name. Ethel is a hot number, Rick. I gave her quite a banging last night. And Bertha. You know, those names all were cute in their day, too. Like, yeah, those are all hot. Like, back in the day, it was like, hey, man, you see Bertha? Yeah, I'd like a bang Bertha. Oh, yeah, look at Gertrude. What are some of those other names from the past that were in the roaring 20s? There was Gertrude, there was Bertha. Oh, Abigail. Mildred. Abigail is a good one. There was Hortense. What? Hortense. There was Judy. Hortense? Hortense. Maybe in your neighborhood. Hortense. That wasn't it. That wasn't it. Hortense. I don't remember any Hortense. Harriet. Harriet used to be hot. Harriet. Can you imagine a hot broad today walking around the streets of Manhattan and her name is Harriet? Imagine banging an Agnes. Bang, banging an Agnes. So like, I got Penelope doggy style. But see, like, Caitlin works. You know, you sit there. Yeah, yeah, Caitlin, right. There were probably some jocks in the 20s, like, you know, talking dirty to Gertrude. That rocked. Oh, that's cool. Not like a Thelma or an Ellen. Right. Eleanor. There's an Eleanor. Oh, man. Who would ever name their kid Eleanor after? There's Eleanor. Eleanor Roosevelt. Yeah, after seeing that mug. You know. Eleanor is now like a lesbian name, I believe. You ain't had it till Winifred put her hand down your pants. They'd call her Freddie for sure. Hey, Freddie. Freddie. Hey, Barney. What about Hillary? Hillary used to be hot. Yeah, that's an old name. Yeah, not as old as like a bird. Yeah, that's a good name. Yeah, that's a good name. Yeah, that's a good name. That's a good name. That's a good name. That's a good name. That's a good name. Yeah, not as old as like a Bertha or a Bertrude or an Abigail. A Harriet. Harriet. Oh, man. When I got Harriet, yeah, had a bun of hair going, yeah, Harriet, you do it. A Eunice. Eunice. Eunice was another one. I'm going to take you like Hitler took Poland. Out of fight. 23 skidoo, you bitch. Hubba hubba. Heard of the roaring 20s. I'm going to show you the roaring 69. How about that? Heard of the roaring 20s. I'm going to show you the roaring 69. Hildegard, come here. I'm all for violence sometimes. Anthony. Hey, you guys are a bunch of punks. God, I want to punch you in the face. Then I'll leave a bruise. 1027 WNEW. 2127571027 if you want in on the show today. Cowbell Bill hanging out, telling some of his stories today. We always like it when Bill stops by. Bill, good friend to the shop. Fax line 212-957-9639. And if you want to send hate email, you're allowed to do that as well. Because it gets filtered to us and then we read them and then we get to laugh real hard. Yeah, we don't care. I'll let her rip. Dear WNEW, I've been an NEW listener since 1968. Wait, wait, when did this come in? It sounds like one of those, the beginning of one of those we used to get when we first got here. Oh, I know. No, this is, no, it came in today. Huh. Alright. Actually right after yesterday's show. So they couldn't wait to get this in the boss's hand. Okay. Dear WNEW, I've been an NEW listener since 1968. Groovy. And I was never as appalled by anyone in radio as I was by the Opie and Anthony show. Thank you. We like that. Never as appalled. And they were playing recordings of Kirk Douglas' voice and ridiculing him. Were we ridiculing him or just pointing out how bad life is? How tragic. Tragic. All of a sudden this guy was a strong guy, actor, ladies man, Hollywood. You see Spartacus, you know? Spartacus. Look at you, Spartacus. You're freaking beautiful. And then you tack on a few years and you get the guy he is now, you know? Yeah. It's terrible. Well, he was talking the other day about his son having another kid. His 57 year old son having another kid. Yeah, that's not too selfish. With Catherine Zeta-Jones. Would you like to hear the clip again, Ann, before we move on with our hate mail? Alright. I said to Catherine, okay, I'm very happy for both of you because I want more grandchildren. I only have three grandkids. Oh, poor guy. They call me, my name is Kurt. It's really sad. But what was this guy's problem? That we played it? I got to interrupt our hate mail, another radio station talking about us. Everyone likes talking about the Opium Anthony show. Yes. Darren, what's going on? Hey, what's going on, Opium Anthony? How you guys doing? We're doing alright. Alright, I'm a long time listener. About a year now, you guys kick ass. Thank you. Anthony, when you did that Tyson thing the other day, I literally pulled over and cried. Yes, I try to make people weep. Could be the best thing Anthony has ever done. Wow. I think it was, Ann. I absolutely think it was. Listen, so when you guys... I got to be honest. When you guys go to commercial, once in a while I'll turn on K-Rod or, I'm sorry, that other radio station. No, you can say it. I don't care. There's nowhere else to really go for music. We understand. I find it funny that people make believe they don't turn away when the commercials come on. That's what you do when you're listening to radio. You listen to some commercials and then you see what else is out there. What the hell do you think we do on the drive home? Listen to Tubby Tom? I thought you listened to... Hey, am I gay? I'm a cane, I guess. Listen to some music on K-Rod. The only good thing about you guys other than Howard is at least your commercials are a minute long, not 30 minutes long. Anyway, so I turned on the other station and Pandavis says, he says, John Rocker is to baseball as those two other guys, those two other DJs are to radio. Two other DJs. Those two other DJs. Then he said it like three times in a row. Then before he plays a song he goes, well, I think you guys know who I'm talking about. And if you don't know who I'm talking about, maybe you can give me a call and I'll explain this a little. So I should call them. If you guys have three way, let me call him on the line. Darren, don't even bother. Let's mess with him, bro. Don't even bother. He's doing that because he's just trying to get us to talk about him, that's all. I'm surprised he had time to say anything in between those 92 minute... Black blacks. You know, they don't let him talk about it. That's got to make you feel so good as a jock knowing that you got hired and your PD just tells you, look, play a lot of music and don't talk a lot. But I want to showcase my talent here. I have to... No, no, no. Look, look, look. Play the rock songs. You can intro like another 92 minute rock block that's coming up. But please don't talk much. I like for the first couple of months not talk too much. I can do that. No, no, no. No, no, no. Ever. Ever. Like Opie and Anthony, they're allowed pretty much speak their mind. Whatever they want to talk about, they can talk about. If you want to deem that being the John Rockers, well, whatever. We're just talking. We let people get on the phones, talk about what they want to talk about. That's how this show works. But for you, I just want to maybe in between the rock black, maybe talk about... No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. You are an air, no personality. That's it. Just seg the songs. But what if I... Seg the songs. Yeah, but in between there's going to... No, no, no, no. No, no, no. Will, Will, Will, Will. You're not understanding me. We love what you do. We loved your tape. We hired you. We really feel that you are a talent. Can I interject here? Yeah. Did Steve Kingston have like cotton in his ears that day when he was listening to that audition tape? We just love the way you said 92. You know, and fitting it into the rock black thing is just brilliant. And we really love how you say the word rock. Rock, rock. It's never been said that way in New York before. I could go with that for a while, but maybe I could... Easy, easy. Don't get excited. Calm yourself. That's got to suck. You get a job at Regal and you're just segging too. If you're a DJ and you get a job where your main thing is 92 minute rock blocks, that's pretty sad. Coming up by an hour and a half, got some rage against the machine. That's just got to be great. Make no mistake. If you get into radio, you want to be able to talk, to express yourself, to have a show based on your ideas and the ideas of your callers, have something interesting going on on a daily basis. That is the dream of anybody on the radio. If they're telling the weather, if they're doing traffic, if they're segging 92 minute rock blocks, the ultimate goal is to talk. Bob, it ain't happening over there. Shut her down. I can see Kingston saying that to Will. Your talent, it shines through the music. When a 92 minute rock block is playing, people know that behind that music you're sitting pushing those buttons, starting the CDs, stopping them, playing the commercials, putting the CDs away. They know that's you. That's your talent. Bob, what's going on? Hello? Hey, Bob, you're on the radio. What's up? Hey, how you doing? Listen, I just want to say one thing. Given this nut juggler time on your show, all you're going to do is help him out. The more you talk about him, the more you're going to help him. The only time mentioning somebody's name helps them out is if they're any good. Yeah, if they can back it up with talent. Then a lot of our listeners will go over there and then they'll hear this rock block thing. Then they come right back to us. They come up here. It doesn't matter. It's temporary ratings to him. It's when people don't mention the names that they're a little afraid that they might send people over there and then they'll listen and say, hey, well, that's pretty fun or interesting or whatever. Well, I just want to say one quick thing. I just started listening to you guys about three or four weeks ago. I think the thing that separates you guys from everybody else is when calls call up, you treat them like good people. I used the F word, Alfie. I apologize. We had a tough time with that. Sometimes we do things just for our own entertainment. Thank you, Bob. I got a little rambunctious. I said, ask you to the guy. I think you feel threatened by Will and you just lose. Maybe that's it. I want to play a rack black. You know, we could be one better than him into a 93 minute rock. It's one more bit. Do you think like when the ratings come out and it's like that day part goes up that he really thinks it's because of him? Yeah, yeah, that's the funny thing. He's like calling the PD and stuff and going, hey, how is my rating? Let me pop through the numbers here. Let me crunch some numbers. Hey, look at that. I went up like a fraction, but I went up after because of the way I say rack black. In reality, he went down. Yeah, he did. So not terrible. It's the music. But then if it goes down, he could say, well, it's the music. Hey, boss, you're giving me music. I can't play a rack black of this music. My rating is going down. Keith, you're next on the radio show. Hey, open. It really is saying how old you are. How old are you, Keith? Twelve. Oh, OK. It's so funny when you read up on there that he had a story about when he was twelve and then it like just happened. Then you realize he is twelve. He is twelve. I thought it was a thirty-year-old guy that was going to tell us the story when he was twelve. But it's actually a twelve-year-old talking about Keith when he was twelve. Yeah. You realize kids your age over in Taiwan are like smoking bots and firing machine guns and taking over countries and stuff? Oh, yeah. You see that in the news? They're chain smoking. What are those two kids' names? They're like twins. Wang and Wang. Wang and Wang. They're twelve-year-olds. They puff bots and like shoot up stuff. How sad is your country that you can't like, you know... Because you can't crush a rebellion of a twelve-year-old. That's hysterical. Throw some porn at them. They'll stop instantly. How sad is that? Go ahead, Keith. What's up, Keith? Well, you're saying how horrible it is to see your mom's boobs. Yeah, if you inadvertently see your mom's boobs. What? Seeing your mom and dad do commando on the bed. Commando? What happened, Keith? Oh, God. I try to forget it. What happened? You walked in on them? Oh, yeah. Early Saturday morning. You opened... You just flung the door open? Opened it. Was mom taking it from behind or what? Oh, my God. Yeah, what was happening? Yeah, what position were they in, Keith? Feet over the shoulders. Whoa! Wow! That's the high how you're doing. Is your dad hung? Huh? Oh. Is your dad hung? I don't know. But were they making noise or anything? It was pretty embarrassing, huh? My mom's a professional. She was moaning, huh? Yeah, I guess, yeah. Yeah, that's pretty bad. Then what happened when they saw you? Their back was kind of facing to me, so I managed to get out. Oh, they didn't see you? They didn't ask you to join them? Oh, God. Oh, man, who are you, Rick today? Taking it too far? I took a hit on the head this morning. Terrible. Think I'm spaz? Hey, this kid's quick. Even 12-year-olds think he's a good fun spaz. So did you enjoy it? I mean, was that the first time you ever seen, you know, people having sex? Oh, yeah, I guess. Yeah, that sounds awful. You'll remember that for the rest of your life. Yeah. Has your dad told you about the birds and the bees yet? Actually, my brother did. What did he tell you? Well, it started with this question, what hole does it go into? I bet you know. My father said, whatever one's open. Oh, my God. Is your dad's name Jackie? No, not that one. Oh, my God. That's funny. Keep you all right, man. I guess you'll do okay. Anything else? Rather not say. Okay. You guys suck. All right. So does your mom, Keith. Call back any time, all right? Okay. All right. There he goes. Keith, everyone. He's very funny. He's very funny. Funny little lad. Chris, you're next on the radio show. Come on, Opie. That was a pretty bad man. Isn't that? That is so wrong, man. It was wrong on many levels. I apologize. I got hit on the head really bad today. Yeah, you did. My noggin is all messed up. I think you got a conclusion at the brain. Oh, man. You guys are killing me here, bro. All right, Chris. Thank you, Craig. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. We are, Vinnie. Say the N-word. What's happening with this country? Oh my God. We just try to speak our mind. Well, here's another one. You watch the news and you hear these people are so afraid to say the wrong thing. They have to say African-American. Vinnie is an angry man. When they talk about white people, we're just white. Start calling me an Italian-American. Let's put that in front of every person. No, could we not do that, Vinnie, please? For the sake of all the Italians out there. Come on, Anthony, stop. Come on, you know what I'm saying is the truth. I just want to ask you guys, if it's possible, if I could go head to head with O.D. on, I mean, face to face, maybe on your show, with a little, I don't know, just talking about the things that are going on, because obviously he sees things from a weird point of view. This guy thinks O.J. was innocent. I don't know what's wrong with this guy. Yeah, well, you guys will go at it again. You think it's ever possible we could meet face to face? Yeah, what the hell? Serious? Yeah. Wait, there's a guy that wants to rip you today. Oh, come on. I think we did this yesterday, but we'll give Chris a shot. Chris, what's going on? What's going on? I just called two seconds ago. I'm back on because that little punk-ass bitch, little racist Vinnie, I'll rip you a new one. Hey, Sag, I weigh 240 pounds. I'll bust your head open. I'm not 260, bitch. Yeah, you're probably fat. I will whoop your ass. I will whoop your ass. How dare you talk about Puerto Ricans, bitch? I'm not talking about Puerto Ricans, baby. Me and Rip will come back with a freaking kick your ass. You've got nothing against Rick. He works. You probably don't, you bum. You probably drive around with your little Puerto Rican flag hanging off your mirror. I don't have Puerto Rican flag. You don't have a car. You don't have a car. You probably have a bicycle. Why do you put an American flag in your car? You freaking little bitch. You freaking greaseball. You freaking Italian greaseball bastard. Now, why do you guys call me greaseball? You're a little greaseball. You're a greaseball. All right. Here's the real racist. Go and have some macaroni. All right. Go and cook yourself some macaroni. Go and have some macaroni. You got to know that one. Yeah. You're the real racist. You've got to start calling me greaseball. Why? Am I calling you names? I'm just saying how things are. Yesterday. You said it yesterday, you freaking greaseball. I said your people go up the cliff. Goomba. I'm not saying any lies. Goomba bastard. What are you talking about? We are so doomed as a society because we'll never get along. It will never be like Vulcan, where everyone is just logical and gets along. There will be hatred on this planet forever until we just blow ourselves up or a meteor hits or we spin into the sun. There will always be hatred on this planet. That's what amazes me when they get these groups together that try to wipe out the hate, stop the, silence the violence. It ain't going to work. We're animals. We're all greasy little dagos. We're animals. That's all it is. That's all it boils down to. Sure, we know how to pull things out of the ground and make buildings out of them and planes and cars, but the bottom line, we're still animals. We look at something and hate it and we want to kill it. Hey, Benny, that's just the way we are. Gary Conrad, the hypnotist is here. Could you come in so we could hypnotize you to love black people? I don't think that would ever happen. You would never love black people because he's a little racist goomba guinea fricking of eggplant parmesan eating Jesus Christ. Eggplant. I got nothing against black people. I said that. I don't hate black people. I think there's great black people. I'll tell you what, I wish that guy J.C. Watts would win the presidency or that Alan Keyes. They'd be two great presidents. I don't hate black people. I'm just saying there's something wrong with these people where I don't know if it's a family breakdown where they're filling up the prisons, they're committing a ton of crime and nobody's talking about it. What are you talking about, you idiot? What are we talking about? Look at this freaking Gotti. Look at Gotti. Everyone always points back to Gotti, don't they? Leave Gotti alone. Well, I think that guy's a pretty cool guy. You better say that. He might be tapping your phone right now. Be careful. You better say that. All right, listen, you guys, we've got to fly. All right, man. Benny, it's always a pleasure. Okay, so. Benny's going to fly. He's going to fly. He's going to fly. He's going to fly. He's going to fly. He's going to fly. Benny, it's always a pleasure. Okay, so. Benny's going to be our new morning man, hopefully soon. Because I would listen to this every single day of my life. Benny in the morning. I'm going to head with OG. All right, Benny. Hold on, Rick wants to talk to you. All right. Hold on, you call back anytime. Thanks, fellas. He gets the phones going, Anthony. Benny in the morning. Well, we pretty much did that bit yesterday. Yeah. You want our new lineup? Promo, Anthony? Yeah. No, it's funny. Why? We told everyone that we have a new morning show and it's going to be Anal Radio all morning long. Yeah. A bunch of people on the email before the show today. Hey, man, I was excited to tune in the brand new morning show and check out Anal Radio and instead I hear two schmucks this morning. Oh, come on. All right, we'll be back. Gary Conrad's here, so we're going to get some people hypnotized. A couple of people on the line here that want to talk about seeing their parents have sex. You guys stay right there, Mike and Chuck. I don't know if anyone will beat Keith's story. That was pretty funny. We got to replay that. Funny kid. We got to get that right back on the air. That was very funny. We'll be back. Stay there. All for you, Anthony. Afternoon. Anal Radio morning. On 1027, WNEW. Pretty stacker too. The world's strongest fat burner. Oh, yeah. You're packed on some pounds for the holidays, didn't you? Everybody, that winter weather. I'll say you can bundle up. You're not as conscious about your gut. This winter sucks. Yeah. It got cold all of a sudden and now it won't go away. This is like the first winter in what, three years? It's close. Very cold January and now it's still cold. But you're bundled up. You're not noticing that you're packed on a few pounds. The Groundhog saw a shadow today. Did it? It saw a shadow. It did? Six more weeks of winter, Anthony. I didn't even know it was Groundhog Day. Although I watched Groundhog Day on the TV because they play that 24 hours a day every day on TBS for some reason. I love that movie. Yeah, very much. Why don't we have Spaz in a Groundhog outfit popping out of a pothole? I'm sure there was one station in this town that did that stupid bit. The Groundhog. We're going to have one of our own staff dressed as a Groundhog popping out of a pothole. I'm sure someone did something on that today. Well, we're going to have a cab driver come out of a manhole cover, see if he sees a shadow. That's how we decide if there's going to be a longer winter. Because we're wacky. That's funny. All right, and stack it to the World's Fastest Fever. A lot of people also gain weight from the Super Bowl, you know? Yeah. You're picking out like crazy. Big heroes and stuff. You've got to burn the weight off. What are you going to do? I ask you. You're going to pop some Stacker 2. Stacker 2, World's Strongest Fat Burner, burns the fat. Also, what else does it do? It gives you a boost of energy if you're feeling sluggish during the day. And then it cuts the cravings to a snack. Boy, I almost forgot that. Very good. Yeah. Well, you don't need to know this stuff. You're a slim guy. Yes. You're trying to help out our fat friends out there. I can't afford to get fat either, Opie. Why? Because I don't have many clothes. I'd have to go out and buy new clothes, which I can't do. Okay. Stacker 2, the World's Strongest Fat Burner. They have a website, www.stacker2.com. Stacker2.com. Or give them a call, 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker 2, the World's Strongest Fat Burner. Thousands have proven it works. 1027 WNEW, it's the Opie and Anthony show. Gary Conrad waiting to come on in. We got Cowbell Bill in the studio helping us out, giving us a lot of energy today. We appreciate that, Bill. Ant and I are sick of looking at each other. Thank you for breaking it up. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. All right. There's a bunch of people on the line, Anthony, that caught their parents having sex. Yeah, kind of disgusting. We can kind of go with this for a little while and see what happens. Melissa, you're next on NEW. What's up? Yeah, hi. Hi. Well, I have a really, really terrible story to tell you. What happened was I was in a car accident. It was like around 2 in the morning. You know, I went to the ER, got stitches on my forehead and so on. So I'm getting home, and I'm really scared, so I want to talk to my parents. So I go up the stairs to the bedroom, and I walked in on them, and my mom was giving my dad a hummer. And when she saw the stitches and the blood, she just stopped and said, oh my God, what happened to my dad? You know, it's like they acted like I didn't walk in and didn't see anything. So it was kind of embarrassing. I don't know if it was more shocking because of my accident or because I actually saw them, you know, doing what they were doing. So your dad was just kind of hanging there. Yeah, your dad's junk was right there for you to see and everything. Well, not really, but you know, she had it in her mouth. Oh, we can tell. And then she just stopped and said, oh my God, what happened if you were trying to, you know, caress my face? And I was like, oh, Mom, please. Yeah, touching your face and God only knows what her hands were on. Well, I know what they were on. I saw it. She didn't try to kiss you, did she? She didn't try to kiss you to make your boo-boo better, did she? Well, she just, you know, she just grabbed my face and was trying to look at my forehead and the cut. And she was trying to hug me. And my dad just turned around and I guess he put it away or whatever. I don't know. It was really embarrassing. Melissa, your mom went from one head to another. Yeah, I guess you could say that. All right. Time. Time is everything. That would have worked much better. Ten seconds ago. Thank you. Well, that's a good story, Melissa. All right. Are you embarrassed? Are you embarrassed for your father? Excuse me? Are you embarrassed for your father, if you know what I mean? No. Like, you know, was it like anything you have ever seen in your day? Well, I didn't want to look to my dad, which is, you know, shocked that my mom was coming at me thinking that nothing happened. Come on. You looked. Your dad wasn't coming at you. I did. You looked. How did your dad, you know, measure up? Oh, God, that's my dad. I know, but you definitely looked. You looked. Yeah. All right. And, you know, what was the first look? I guess I could say my mom's a lucky woman. Oh, God. That's wrong. Yeah, you wanted daddies, didn't you? No. You're a filthy whore, Melissa. I like that. All right, Melissa. All right. Nice talking to you guys. Thank you. All right. Thanks for sharing today. Where the hell is this show going today? David, you're next on any W. Tom Like is here. What? I'm here. All right. I'm just kidding. No, check it out. I had, it wasn't that embarrassing, but when you invite a friend over for WrestleMania, can I say that on the radio? Yes. Oh, well, I'm watching WrestleMania, and sure enough, I went upstairs to ask my mom what kind of question, and I walk in and my dad's got, you know, my mom like all the way. Can you say the poop shoot? Easy on that. Yeah. Look, so you walked in. He was violating your mom, and he was, yeah, he was exploring the balloon knot. Oh, that's right. I thought it was, I thought it was something about balloon knot. Yes. Okay. Oh my God. And you walked in on that? Yeah. They came out like 20 minutes later, they're like, son, let's have a talk. I'm like, let's not have a talk. Have a talk. Dad, go wash off your area first, man. You know? But it was good for dad. It's good. It's good. It's good for dad. It's really good to explore, you know? You're pretty psyched your dad's getting... Come on. All right. Balloon knot city, baby. Here's what it sounds like now when your mom farts. Oh, thanks, boo. Thanks, David. All right. Bye. So juvenile, Opie. Chuck. How are you? What's up, O and A? Cowboy Bill. Hey. Hey, my story's like this. Cowboy. Sort of not embarrassing for me. When I was younger, say like 11, 12 years old, me and two of my buddies, like the three amigos in the neighborhood or whatever. So what we used to do was... We would bust my buddies. Check there. I'm just laughing any time anyone calls him Cowboy Bill because he's a drummer and his cowbell bill. And whenever anyone says Cowboy Bill, me and him stop laughing because he's just pictured wearing like a big 10 gallon hat and boots. Wow, dude, you're glad. That's from the Pee Wee Herman Show. That black guy from the Pee Wee Herman Show. Cowboy Candice. Anyway, so the deal is, what we used to do is my one friend's mom had a, you know, they were divorced and her boyfriend and her used to disappear into the bedroom. We used to go out to the garage and get a really tiny little drill bit. And my friend whose mother it was would actually get the drill bit and it would look, you know, those doorknobs you have, you have this little round hole on the outside. We'd stick the bit in there and take the door lock. And we would just, we'd open the door, push the door open gently, three heads stacked on top of each other, just blaring in there. You know, we're 11, 12 years old. We haven't had any sexual experiences at all. We don't know what's going on. We're watching this and the kicker was, the guy's junk was, you know, on the first he saw it. We didn't even know what the hell that was. You know, we're looking in there. We're expecting to see what we got. We see this thing, a little, like an anteater. We don't know what the hell is going on. We're looking at some monsters. You know, that was the only bad thing for us. This went on for, I'd say, a good two years, two, three times a week. We'd stash things up behind our bedroom window. We'd like to piggyback each other up and try and catch a boot. It all ended at one time. At one time, we thought we got fucked. The boyfriend saw us. He would be embarrassed once. Next thing you know, we'd get into the room. We'd start playing Nintendo. Mr. Nigger Charlie. You know, we're playing, you know, Nintendo Super Mario Brothers or something like that. He comes in, potato chips. So this guy, they call us, you know, stay off and don't bang and stuff every time we see the... Now I'm telling you, he's going in the room bringing us sodas and potato chips. You guys hear anything? You're about to get embarrassed. You know, his junk's having the anion hit on it. Chuck, we can't take anymore. Thank you. Thank you, boys. Very good story. Rot in hell. Okay. Rot in hell, come on. I think I heard a word he said. I'm laughing to the freaking... All right, Cowboy Bill. You know, that's your new name now. No, it ain't. No, it ain't. Friend Leon calls me Cow-Bowls Bill. Rob, what's going on? Hey, guys, what's going on? Yeah, so when I was about 12, I'm going through my parents, you know, there's a cabin, there's a drawer, just, you know, peeking through for a look. And so I find this little VHS tape, you know, so I pop it into VCR. You know what it is. It's my parents going at it. Oh, my God, on video? Yeah, right? Oh, you know, they're yelling at each other, oh, baby. Oh, you know, I don't want to get into it, but... How much did you watch? So an hour later... Yeah, really? You know, like 10 seconds later... Okay, I got it. My dog got the bun on the bed, man. Oh, I'm not flicking my mullet all over the place. Oh, stop. You know what happens, you know, you're playing with your dog, you're licking your face. Didn't you see that? Oh, come on. I swear to God. I'm not even believing it. Why would you make that up? Because you're sick. To be on the radio. Come on. Was your dog sporting the little red pepper? Oh. Oh, come on. I'm not even believing it. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. Oh, a great line from Cowbell Bell. There he goes, a-riding in his house, a-whooping in a whop, and everything was in his hands in his lap. It's Cow-more-biss. I'm going to clean up this city. Even if it's the last thing I do. Keith's mom is on the line? Oh, no. Come on. No way. Uh-oh. Keith's mom. Hey, yes, I'm Keith's mom. All right, now Keith was... You sound a lot like Keith. Keith was on the air about 15 minutes ago. He caught you and daddy having sex. Well, the thing is, I mean, I was unaware of that, but it reminded me of all... First of all, they deserve whatever they get because they never leave us alone. And we try to barricade our room. And if that doesn't work, they hear the bed squeak and they pick a broom handle and bang on the living room ceiling. Secure as then, yes. And but what I wanted to say was it reminded me when I heard him on the radio... Your voice sounds a little hoarse. Yeah. I sound hoarse? Go like this. I'm nervous. That's okay. Anyway, my nephew one time... The white owl. The white owl. No, I don't smoke cigars. Oh, yeah, sure. The cigar brand is called Keith's dad. What? Nothing. Go ahead, Keith's mom. Anyway, one time my nephew was over. We had like a company and my husband, he wanted to have a matinee. So what we do is we shut the bedroom door and then we open the closet door so it goes against the bedroom door. Barricaded in a little bit. Right, double door. And having like a final time up there and all of a sudden the kids, I didn't know if they were playing hide and seek. So was your husband. Hide the salami. No, we were not that way. Seat to me. Oh my God, listen to that voice. We're both pretty big people, you know. Oh my God. Poor Keith saw two fat people have a sex. You know, like is it in? Listen to her. Now we know where your son gets his chops from. I know. There's one good thing he took care of. It's a comedic family here. Okay, go ahead. So we're up there and all of a sudden the door, my nephew hit the bedroom door so hard that the closet door swung shut. The bedroom door opened and there he was. Well, my husband, I never saw my husband jump off. He did like a pirouette in the sky and landed on the floor. So my nephew just went like, sorry. It's going to make you puke. So he runs out of the room. So now my husband wants to like start and I'll just be left off. I was like, no, I can't. I can't. You know, I forget it. Wait till later. Oh man, you left him hanging. Yes. What a messed up family. You're having sex. Your kids get to watch you. Nephews, nieces, whoever the hell wants to open the door. Hide and seek going on. You got company downstairs. You need to screw upstairs. It was the worst position ever. You could've spiked. Uh-oh. What were you doing? God. Oh my God. All right. Hold on. I don't even know if that made it on the radio. If that didn't make it on the air, let's just say. Okay. Yeah, you could say numbers. 69. Yeah, okay. Pull the cheese. So I felt like I had to say something to my nephew. You know, because I like to. You always said something to your nephew. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You know. All of a sudden the kid had a hankering for some Arby's roast beef sandwich. Yeah, well, no. I don't want him to feel uncomfortable. I just sit downstairs. I point my finger in his face and I just. I hope you have nightmares for the rest of your life. I will from coming onto that finger. How much does Mom and Dad weigh? I just need to really picture this right now. Well, we're very tall. How much do you weigh? Must be it. Well, I'm about two. All right. Two bills. He's about 260. And you guys are in the 69th position. Your kids check that out. No, I left you. At least I was facing the other way. Oh, so the kid got the Bob shot. No. No. You're traumatizing children. That's like a hot air balloon shot. Hey, what's this name, nephew? This is a few years ago. What's this name, nephew? It's Bob. It's Bob. It's Bob. It's Bob. It's Bob. It's Bob. It's Bob. It's Bob. It's Bob. It's Bob. It's Bob. It's Bob. It's Bob. Hey, look at this, nephew. He got caught by his girlfriend's father. The upside down hot air balloon shot. My son is yelling at me now. Anyway, I really like your show, man. Yeah, everyone likes yours. My new best friend. He listens to it every afternoon. That is so funny. Is your son there with you right now? No, he just went in the other room because he's by the radio. I'm in the den. He's been sleeping on the couch. All right, we've got two more minutes. We're going to get our next question from the guys. I'm going to get the next one from the guys. I'm going to get the next one from the guys. I'm going to get the next one from the guys. I'm going to get the next one from the guys. We do have a friend who listens every afternoon. That is so funny. Is your son there with you right now? No, he's just in the other room because he's by the radio. I'm in the den. He's been sleeping on the couch. Alright, we've got to talk to Keith again. Get him on the phone. Hang on. Social services, please get over there and take those children. We've got to keep going online for two more minutes and we'll have the address. Keith, did you hear what she was saying on the radio? Yeah. That's pretty embarrassing, huh? Yeah, I guess so. So your mom's like a big gal? Oh yeah. Yeah? It is. And your dad's pretty big? My dad looks like two pigs fighting over a milk jug. Crazy rule, man. That is funny. Keith, you're so funny. We've got to go drink beers with you, man. Oh man. Do you know what your mom's favorite number is? No, don't tell us. Keith, are you getting in trouble? No, I'm not. Are you getting in trouble, Keith? Huh? Are you getting in trouble? No, my mom just said don't tell us. Don't tell you where we live. No, no. So Keith? Yeah? Your cousin saw your mom and dad having sex? Oh yeah. What did he say about it? What did he say afterwards? I don't know. I was really young but he had a horrific look on his face. Oh man. That's pretty awful. You don't want to see that. Guess what? Same kid dropped out of high school. That probably affected him. Yeah. How old is your mom? She's around 46. Yeah, and they're still going at it, huh? Oh yeah. How about that? It seems like you guys catch them having sex a lot, according to her. Yeah. They try locking the door with the closet. It doesn't work, huh? Put a chair up against the doorknob. They make these things called locks, Keith. Yeah, really. What about a lock? My brother has one. You ever walk in on him? No. All right, Keith. All right, man. Well, you keep in touch. I will. I'd like to know what's happening in the wacky world of your parents. We're going to need updates, Keith. All right. They aren't smoking that wacky tobacco, are they? I have no idea. Yeah, you better say that. Yeah. Hey, Keith. Yeah? Do you have pubes yet? Oh, jeez. You always got to go there, man. It's the bang on the head this morning. I'm not thinking right. Oh, dear. All right, Keith. All right. Well, thanks for calling back. We're having your mom call us, all right? All right. All right. Bye. Bye. There he goes. The Keith family. The Keith family. All right. Stuff going on over there. Wow. All right, we got to move on. Gary Conrad, the hypnotist is here. Uh-huh. Well, we'll get into it next. If you weren't listening earlier, there's lots to discuss with that. Okay? Hey there. A radio chick special announcement, Anthony. What? That's what that promo just said. I heard she was thinking about wowing us once again today. Really? She's all talk. We love her and all, but she's all talk. Yeah, I don't think she's going to be wowing anybody. Don't tease us. Come in and just do it. Yeah. It is Whip-a-Mount Wednesday, by the way. Yes, it is. Something we'll be bringing back in the spring. It'll be bigger than ever this year, believe me. But it's still happening if you want to put wow in your car and have the girls flash on the way home. Yeah. Okay? Well, you know, if the nice weather's around, you've got your wow on, and you get wowed. There you go. You got to need some feedback there, eh? Yeah, I'm looking for it, Opie. You know how it is in this computer age. That's okay. Let me go to Mark first, then. Mark, what's going on? Mark? Yeah? You're on the air, bro. What's up? What's up? Dude, you should make that kid the new morning show. Keith should be our new morning show? Yeah. I think the whole Keith family. Yeah. You've got to get the dad story. He was sleeping on the couch. Maybe we should wake him up. Yeah. By the way, Keith's got a call back. We want to get his phone number so we can get updates from him. All right, definitely, dude. Thank you, Mark. All right, you've got to talk later. All right, bye. Yeah, Tommy in Jersey. My wife and I were banging away when all of a sudden I looked up, and my wife's 84-year-old Alzheimer's Demented Grandmother walked into the bedroom and started yelling at me to get off her granddaughter. Yuck, it took me a month to get it up again. And she had the grandma whiskers and stuff. Get off my granddaughter. What are you doing on my granddaughter? Oh, that would scare the crap out of you. Gray hair flying all over the place. All right, let's get Gary Conrad in here finally. All right. Anthony has become a skeptic. He doesn't believe in hypnosis. Yes, I am a true skeptic. Gary was in here a couple months ago, and he blew everyone away. Mr. Conrad, back in the studio for a return engagement. Yeah. Hello, sir. Yes, I got to tell you. I know you've been listening. Yes. And hearing what's going on. I am truly a skeptic, complete skeptic. Mr. Conrad, I want to go on record and say I truly believe in the hypnosis. And I got to say also, I don't know what their motives would be. Like, I can't give you any explanation as to why I'm so skeptical. I don't know what their motivation is. Ratings, probably. To do what he did last time, Rick and Spaz, when they were under hypnosis. But I just cannot believe that you are so powerful that you can get a human being, Rick, to act like an infant in the corner. Yeah, well, you know, in 1491, I thought the world was flat, too. So sometimes you should believe in the determining factor. All right, if you think I'm thinking archaically fine, we're putting a challenge out to you today, Gary. Oh, really? I got a challenge. I try to make Anthony believe. I completely believe. Steve completely believes. You got to let me plug my show first. Yeah, go ahead. I'm going to be at Rascals Comedy Club, West Orange, New Jersey all week. And tomorrow night, and the second show Friday night, we're going to do an erotic show. Uh-oh. Under hypnosis. And tonight, you're going to be on a worldwide web. Rascals is starting this thing up where you can... My wife's in Australia. She'll be watching it tonight. Oh, that's pretty cool. So you got to hit like www.com or something like that. Wow, you're not a web boy. You can tell her. You don't want people just going to www.com. What is www.com? I'm going to be at www.com. Let me see real fast. Punch that on. See what comes up. All right. But you're there all week starting today? Yeah, they're all week. And tonight, they're going to have it on a worldwide web. Okay. So www.com. Rascals Comedy Club, something like that. Oh, it does say on air. Bingo. Hey, look at that. See, Rick doubted that. Anthony doubted that too. Wait a minute. I don't know what this is. We don't know what this is. Some kind of millennium bash website thing it looks like. It's amazing. You don't know the real website there, guy? No, I don't know that. Maybe rascals.com. Yeah, they'll know it. 973736. Rascals.com. Rascals.com. Sorry about that, guys. That's okay. Also in the studio today, Cowbell Bill. Gary. Yeah, I know that. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. and it goes on. Hi mom, hi dad, I know you're listening. I hit the heights. Well, I had asked some of the questions you were talking about before like robbing banks. Right, now if you could get people to act like an infant in the corner, couldn't you indeed hypnotize a bank teller? Afghanistan, banana stand. Open up the bank vault or something. Well, maybe. the bank before you probably could get them to do it again. All right. And I mean, wouldn't there be other ways you could use this talent to, I don't know, get yourself rich or, but you're probably doing that by entertaining. I understand. The man asks the question and then he answers his own question. But I mean, other things maybe. Why don't they hypnotize, you know, you'll hypnotize a world leader. All of a sudden we have world peace. Well, maybe they have. I never went the other way though. Maybe wasn't a good hypnotist. See, I'm just very skeptical. That's all. And I want to know is there like everyone saying it would be impossible now because I'm so skeptical to hypnotize me. Well, if you follow the directions, you would definitely be hypnotized. I would definitely. You would definitely be hypnotized big time because in the back of your mind, you can't get past the fact that Rick was on the ground looking at that corner. Lurking in the back of your mind is that image. And if you follow them instructions, you're going to go big time. Now if you halt in the middle of this thing, you know, to take measurements, well, am I hypnotized or am I not hypnotized? Am I more relaxed more now than I was 10 minutes ago? Will I be more relaxed 10 minutes from now? Then it's not going to work because we're pulling out. We're moving already fast and you're going to say, wait, wait, wait, we're going to stop everybody to take these measurements. We're going pal. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Boom, boom, boom, boom. So now what do you have, LeBoris today? What do you think? I think anybody can be hypnotized. It's like anybody can bake a cake. I don't want to keep it in the oven at 350 degrees for 20 minutes. Guess what? You got a cake going there, pal. Right. You open that door every five minutes. Is that yeast rising? Is that thing going up there? No, it's going to fall flat. Not going to work. You can't be assessing it as you go along. You just have to let it go. You're tuition dollars at work. So what are we going to do here? We got a few people. We got a few people who want to be hypnotized. I'd definitely be willing to go in and really give it a shot. I'm glad you say try. We'll work with you. If it happens, it happens. If it doesn't, it doesn't. If you don't follow instructions, we've got to help you. Are you going to throw you out quick? Are you going to try to get hypnotized? No, I'm not going to try. I mean, just go with it. Here it comes. I'll be hypnotized. No, I will follow the instructions. You'll all pop out at that point. My prediction is he'll pop out. When he feels it coming on, he's going to slam on a brick and I want out. I'm not ready to have an orgasm. I said on the radio earlier, I don't think he's going to go under. I'm just myself a skeptic. What am I supposed to do? There are plenty of people. We've got emails up to yimmy yimmy. You phone calls saying, hey, I've seen it. Totally believe it. The people that have been hypnotized by you and a lot of your appearances say it is absolutely a fact. I have nothing to back up my skepticism on, but I am indeed skeptical. That's all I can say. Don't know why. All right. So what are we going to do here? We've got the gauntlet. Here we go. We've got Spaz again. You've got that all time great guy. He's our favorite. I really like him. We've got a couple of guys out. Who else we got, Rick? We've got a few guys that you invited yesterday to come down. Camera guy wants to do it. Unofficial Steve might give it a try. I might try. Don't say try. All right. You've just got to go with it. All right. Fine. You're going to have a lot of people today, Gary. Cool. You've got Anthony's going to try it, Spaz. Nobody tries. We give it a shot. Give it a shot. Psycho Mark is giving me a problem. Psycho Mark can't do it. I'm too busy with work. He's scared because he knows he'll do some crazy things on a hypnosis. He's got to go to work for you. He never does. He can't answer any questions. He's afraid he might act like a normal human being on a hypnosis. How many of those guys out there? We've got three extra guys out there. Three extra guys? We'll just take the best ones. Yeah. Well, that's what happened last time. All right. How much time are you going to need, Gary? I don't know. It depends how intelligent they are. It's going to take a while. The sharper ones and the more creative ones go under quick. That's just the way it is. Oh, look at that. Look at that. We're going to have some trouble here on my life. I like this challenge. That's almost a disclaimer. What? It's almost like a knock to me. If I don't go under, then I'm not intelligent or sharp. He's feeling the challenge. He's going to ... All right. I understand. He's very protective of his talent. I got a question for you. Once you're under, can you snap ... Can you ... Yes, he can pop out any time. Sure. Okay. Because we had this question earlier. When Rick was playing with that quarter as a five-year-old in the corner, if also I said, Rick, fire in the building. We've got to get out of here, would he snap out? No, you were Uncle Opie at the time. I know. I know. Uncle Opie, please get me out of the building quick. Not even saying like there's a fire. What if there was a fire in the building and all of a sudden he's left alone as an infant in the corner? Would he crawl under a cabinet and dive smoke inhalation like an infant would? No, I think his survival mechanism would kick in and that happens at any age. He'd just pow. All right. Survival is his number one instinct. Okay. He'd probably kick you out of here. Probably would. All right. Well, let's get ... I'd be crawling over every once in a while. All right. And I'd have my quarter. Women and children with the quarter. Well, let's get this rolling then, eh? Okay. All right. We've got Gary Conrad, the hypnotist in the studio. He was great last time. He's going to be at Rascals for the rest of the week. Call Rascals. He's going to be at Rascals for the rest of the week. Okay? I'm ready. All right, and go for it. We'll see you in a few minutes. All right. We'll take a break. We'll be back. Stay there. All right. It's the Opium Cowbell Bills show, everyone. Hey. Anthony's in the other room with Gary Conrad, the hypnotist. He's going to get put under, hopefully. And we'll see if Anthony is still a skeptic after the session. I just don't think he's going to go under, man. No way. I don't know. I don't know how powerful this stuff is, but one thing I can tell you is I'll know. Okay. All right. Yeah, you've known Anthony all your life, Bill? Yeah. Okay. I'll be able to tell. Very good. Gary Conrad, he'll be appearing at Rascals all this weekend. We've got the real website. What was it? www.com? No, it's not. Rascalscomedy.com, I believe. All right. There it is. Rascalscomedyclub.com. But Gary Conrad, they're all weekend long. A couple erotic shows thrown in there if you want to call Rascals. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Well if somebody is audio cracking, 별 opinion Capcom for one minute your going to stop at one minute. You don't need this sort of... All right. If I take sc полов of music, gigabitик tabl Euphrates, you're going to be fine. There you go... All right. All right. All right. Okay Ihrka. Good luck. He's done a lot of stuff on the air, said a lot of things that he would never ever do. If anybody remembers stuff in particular that we could have him do, that would be awesome. That's a great idea. We need your help today guys. 2127571027. We go to break listening to Keith talk about his parents having sex from a little while ago. It's worth a replay. Check it out. Dad, Keith. What's up, Keith? Yeah, well you're saying how horrible it's to see your mom's boobs. Yeah, if you inadvertently see your mom's boobs, what? Seeing your mom and dad do commando on the bed. Commando? What happened, Keith? Oh God, I try to forget it. What happened? You walked in on them? Oh yeah, early Saturday morning. You opened, you just swung the door open? Opened it. Was mom taking it from behind or what? Oh my God. Yeah, what was happening? Yeah, what position were they in, Keith? Feet over the shoulders. Wow, that's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Whoa! Wow! That's the hi how you doing. Hello. Is your dad hung? Huh? Is your dad hung? I don't know. Like were they making noise or anything? It was pretty embarrassing, huh? My mom's a professional. She was moaning, huh? Yeah, I guess, yeah. Yeah, that's pretty bad. And then what happened when they saw you? Their back was kind of facing to me so I managed to get out. Oh, they didn't see you? They didn't ask you to join them? Oh, God. Oh, be man, get up. Who are you, Rick today? Taking it too far? I took a hit on the head this morning and I'm terrible. I think I'm spaz. This kid's quick. Even 12 year olds think I'm on spaz. So did you enjoy it? I mean, was that the first time you ever seen, you know, people having sex? Oh, yeah, I guess. Yeah, that sounds awful. You'll remember that for the rest of your life. Yeah, has your dad told you about the birds and the bees yet? Actually, my brother did. What did he tell you? Well, it started with this question, what hole does it go into? My father said, whatever one's open. Oh, my God. Is your dad's name Jackie? No, not that one. Oh, my God. That's funny. Keith, you're all right, man. I guess you'll do okay. Anything else? Rather not say. Okay. You guys suck. All right, so does your mom, Keith. Call back anytime. All right. Okay. All right. There he goes. Keith, everyone. He's very funny. He's very funny. Funny little lad. Bill. Yes. Usually I say, hey, hey, hey. Diamond vision and Dr. Philotoff. Bill. Yes. Do you notice something? You haven't been here in a while. Do I notice something? No. What? Something different on the Opster. No. No glasses. Oh, yes. Yes. I wanted to talk to you about that. I wanted to talk to you about that. Thank God you don't look at me that closely. You just passed the test. Yeah, I had the laser vision correction thing two and a half weeks ago, Bill. Came into the show and I broke my glasses live in the air. Don't need them anymore. I got 2015 vision. I would love to do that. You got glasses? I would love to do that. I could drive at night. Everything is crystal clear. It's unbelievable. Okay. The doctor, Dr. Philotoff, he's performed over a thousand of these procedures. He's been doing it for a very long time. He takes his time. He makes you feel good because I was a nervous wreck to tell you the truth. Right. And he calmed me down and the procedure was like a piece of cake and now I got great vision. Well, knowing you, I know that you probably did a lot of research on this and came up with the best guy. Very good. Bravo, Bill. Okay. I researched it for about 10 months because I was that freaked about it. Because some of the things they do, it could be scary, but then you have someone like Dr. Philotoff talk you through it and then you're like, oh, that's no big deal at all. And now I got the great vision and I want to share it with our listeners. So check this out. For Valentine's Day, in honor of Valentine's Day, Diamond Vision would like to give the gift of sight. That's right. The gift of sight. Contact Diamond Vision and Dr. Philotoff. He's going to put you in the running for a complimentary vision correction and a free exam. Not everyone can afford this procedure. So this is the doctor's way of saying thank you to the Opium Anthony show and their fans. He sounds like the man. He's a very good guy, very down to earth. So if you want to be in the running for a free correction, you got to give Diamond Vision a call right now. 1-800-984-2020. That's 1-800-984-2020 for Diamond Vision and Dr. Philotoff. That number once again, 1-800-984-2020. And if you need that number, just email me and I'd be happy to give it to you. Okay. All right. 1027-WNEW. It's the Opium Anthony show. We're getting very excited. It looks like Gary Conrad is getting close. I have no clue if Anthony is getting hypnotized, but it's looking pretty good in there, I got to say. What do you think, Rick? Okay. From what I've seen, I remember him doing this last time. It's after he's had us start breathing a certain way and relaxing. And right now, he's just putting in regular suggestions to get us used to doing stuff. All right. How much longer do you think? Probably another five or ten minutes tops. Okay, very good. Anthony, of course, the skeptic. Gary Conrad is going to attempt to prove him wrong. I went on record earlier in the show and said there's no way Anthony is going to go under. No way. Because he's not that trusting. I know. You know, you really got to trust the person that is putting you under. Did you see that? He just pulled one guy and pulled him down. What does that mean? He's weird. He's got like a- I'm going to get close now. Oh, really? From what I'm seeing. All right. This guy's in there drumming on the knees. Watch this. Watch this. Watch this. Watch this. All right. He's getting close to Ant. All right. He's like talking to the guy right next to Ant. Okay, here it comes. Here it comes. He's in front of Anthony. He's in front of Anthony. We'll be able to tell if the odds are good here. You know what I remember too right now? He's talking about- Wait, here he goes. Shh, shh, shh. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Oh. Oh boy. Oh, come on, come on. Oh, damn. He pulled him down. Oh, damn. Son of a bitch. He fought it. Dammit. Dammit. Jesus. It like- He went for the move. He went for the move and usually, as you saw with the other guys- Oh, man. You did. As you saw with the other guys, their necks were like- and heads were totally loose and they were like wobbling, almost like the little guy in the back of the car. All right. He went to do that to Aunt and Aunt was like a freaking robot. Jesus Christ. And we were hoping. He went for the move because he holds you and then he pulls you down and if you're under hypnosis you go for it. He did that move to you and we're like, here it comes, here it comes, here it comes. All of a sudden we see your head just go, nope, and you just shook it back and forth. No? He gave it a try, the whole thing. I wasn't thinking anything else. I was really trying. I was relaxed. I did everything he said. We were so hopeful. It just wasn't working. I mean the other guys seemed to be under. I don't know. Whatever. Did you feel anything in there at all? I mean, you know. I started thinking of like some sex and started going- That's a bum. You've got to get your- I started like getting a boner. You've got to stop thinking about sex for five minutes and then maybe you can go to the bathroom and you can go to the bathroom and you can go to the bathroom and you can go to the bathroom and you can go to the bathroom and you can go to the bathroom and you can go to the bathroom and you can go to the bathroom and you can go to the bathroom You would be able to go under here. If you were married, you wouldn't be thinking about sex. Is that it, Rick? I mean what was going on in there? You know, just relaxing everybody, getting everyone in tune I guess with him and his voice. I don't know what the whole mumbo jumbo was behind it but he was doing it and you know people are responding. So I don't know. I wasn't- Were you looking around the room going- No, I wasn't looking. My eyes were shut. I was completely- I was hoping something would happen where I would just go, oh my god, look I'm hypnotized. Yeah. Damn. Did you at any point say to yourself what is all this mumbo jumbo? Yes, I use the word mumbo jumbo as a matter of fact. We had people calling up with some great suggestions for you. Oh really? For things you would do under hypnosis. Really? Like have Spazenac Anthony on the Lesbo couch. Have Anthony caress a Ricky Martin picture. Have Anthony ask out Psycho Patty. Have Anthony lick the Spaz couch. Have Anthony ride the jet ski. Even if it does work it's hypnotism not a gun to my head. Okay? Have Anthony cry over his wife. Have Anthony tell everyone that he really thinks W. Tom Show is really good. Well, I do. You sure you're not under hypnosis right now? No. Call the ex and ask her to get back together. Whoa. Jesus Christ. And we would have known you was hypnotized. Bill. I was bummed. I was enjoying the Opie and Cowbell Bill Show. Yeah, you guys had fun? I think it's good. Bill's a good guy. I was on the phone for a few seconds. Oh yeah? Cool. He didn't help me out with my live read though. What did you have to do? Usually it's like, hey Anthony, Diamond Vision. Yeah. Ah, Opie Diamond Vision. Opie had it done. What did Bill do? Bill was like, yeah, so what? I go, Diamond Vision, I had that the other night at the bar. It looked like I was looking through a kaleidoscope. I set him up. I go, Bill, you notice anything different about me? He's like staring for like two minutes. I'm like, I'll be out here, pal. He goes, no. That's your cue to say, wow, you're not wearing glasses. Totally, totally didn't get that. Dude, I'm just messing with your head. I did fine after that. Yeah, you did very well. It's snuffing in your resume, Bill. He actually played along after that. Anthony, I think we need to take a quick break because I believe he's about ready to march these people into the studio. All right. We're still going to have fun with Gary Conrad even though Anthony did not go under. Sorry. Like I said, I really tried. They were going to make you kiss Spaz. No. Somebody said on the instant feedback. We're going to have you try the chicken dance. Yeah, we're going to have you try the chicken dance. Which I don't do at weddings or anything else. All right, let's take a break. Spaz is in there. He's hypnotized again. He's always a lot of fun when he's under hypnosis. We've got Steve from the Unofficial website. How many listeners are in there, Anthony? Three or four, I think. All right, so it'll still be a lot of fun. So stay right there. We'll be back, hopefully, with Gary Conrad live in the studio with his subjects. You guys are going to burn in hell. OK, and Anthony. 107-WNEW. Hey, Anthony. Yes. There's my pal. Come on. Look at Bill getting the heat over here. But we've been doing it for five and a half years. Maybe it was something that, I mean, the Diamond Vision thing is great. He loves it, took care of his eyes and everything. Bill hasn't had it so he doesn't know he can't relate to that. I think this, though. You can relate to? Now you're talking. There you go. Valentine's Day. You know that big pig of a woman you took to bed last week? Took me to bed. OK, you can get her something. Maybe some Playboy brand lingerie. Oh, yeah. Well, they've got to have a variety of sizes here. Yes, some apparel, jewelry, and the famous 14-carat gold rabbit head necklace. Fat babes need loving, too. That's right. Do they offer a 14-carat gold pork chop around a chain? That might be better for that girl. But for your sexy girl at home, the rabbit head make her look like a playmate. Also, the Playboy best kept sex secrets video. Wow. Playboy collectible videos, Playmate products, movies, and music. And what man wouldn't love a subscription to Playboy? Order online at Playboystore.com. Turn your Valentine into a Playmate by simply clicking your order at Playboystore.com. Free delivery on every order. Order your favorite back issues of Playboy magazine as well. What are you laughing at over there? Laughing at you. Me? Why? OK, come on. My line coming up. No, I don't care. You can finish it up. No, you do it. Free delivery on every order. Order your favorite back issues of Playboy. You like that one from 76 there with Barbie Benton? Mine is still the Florida issue. No, it's not Florida. Same! What was her name? We've been over the whole Florida thing because I made a mistake. But what was the daughter's name again? The daughter on Good Times. Yeah, Velma. She was in Playboy when I was really young and that was my favorite issue ever. Order that favorite back issue at Playboystore.com. Score big at your Valentine. For great prizes and sexy selection, shop at Playboystore.com. Satisfaction is just a click away. Alright, we'll be back with Gary Conrad. He'll be entering the studio in minutes. Stay there. It's the Opie and Anthony Show on 1027 WNEW. We're waiting for Mr. Conrad. Looks like he's just about ready, Anthony. And with the rest of his subjects? Yes, he's playing Rascal's Comedy Club all weekend long starting tonight. Call up Rascal's for the ticket info. A couple erotic shows in there as well. What does he make them do? I don't know. The erotic shows. You can only imagine that. Bend over the chair. I wish we had a number for Rascal's so you guys could call up for the ticket info. I know they're listening so send it on the Instagram feed back. He has the number, right? Yeah, once he gets in there. He'll plug it. Alright, his subjects have stood up, Anthony. Oh my God, look at Spaz. Spaz just fell down. He just walked into the wall, I swear to God. Spaz is a mess. Jesus Christ. Alright, entering the studio, Gary Conrad, everyone. He's lining up his subjects, Anthony. Oh my God, look at Spaz. Look at Spaz. He's got three subjects. Spaz is completely out of it. Like a zombie. He's like a zombie. He's putting on the finishing touches of the hypnosis. I'm just like slamming up Spaz's face. Get the hell out of here. Come on. I still don't buy it no other way. What? I don't buy it no other way. Spaz is standing. Letting go. Getting the hand going against the wall. He's prepping them, I guess. Yes. Spaz's face is hysterical. I gotta give him that. Spaz is a mess. Look at him. Spaz, stand and sleep. Letting go. That was easy. That's it. Maybe it's easier because he's a sleep five hours a day during the show. Feeling good in every way. Locked up in my voice. I'm a little louder. Hi guys. Mr. Conrad. Gary Conrad. I apologize. I was really giving it a try. I got a bag with a million dollars cash and your name on it. My hotel room. Think of how I would reply if you were to say I'll try to be there. I'll try to be there. I still believe you Gary. Still believe in this stuff. Rick, you want some of this stuff? No. We've got three subjects today. You know the phone number of Rascals because a bunch of people have been calling him for that. 973 is the area code. 736-2726. Okay, good. I knew they were all weekend starting tonight. 2726. We're in West Orange up until Saturday. Then Ocean, New Jersey down to show up one show Sunday. You've got to save Spaz for last Gary. I'm a vlogger. I think I'm going to take Spaz on the road with me. I think you're all going to lose him. I don't know if Rick gave you the note but February is Black History Month. We want Spaz to act black. You want Spaz to be a black man? Yeah. Alright. Keep that in mind. Okay, we'll do that real quick. Can I get some water? I'll go out and get my black bag. Keep it going. Alright, we're going to do something. I want to do something with Spaz. He's a black guy. He's going to be a teacher. Steve, move that mic around so we can get him on mic. Alright, here we go. Alright, he's got a suitcase. You've got your TV screen. Filled with stuff, Anthony. Yeah. Spaz on 3, your eyes are open. It's February. It's Black History Month. I'm just putting a little Black History hat on, Anthony. Spaz. Open your eyes. You're giving lessons to everybody on the air about Black History Month. Only Spaz eyes open. Everybody else keep humming and internalizing. Spaz, only eyes open on 3. It's time for your speech, Dr. Spaz. Eyes open, people. It's Dr. Spaz. I'm here today to educate you students on Black History Month. Now, a lot of you have been learning the word nigger all throughout your life. Now, to me, I'm a well-educated black man teaching you about Black History Month. There is no such word as the word nigger. The word nigger is represented by the white folk here in America. Can we have the good doctor put him away for a minute? What I'm going to tell you is that white folks used to educate the deal with these ignorant white folk that used the word nigger. When they choose the word, they use the word nigger. Now, I know a lot of you out there have been involved in many fights because of your 200 years of aggression. The white folks don't want to hear that line anymore. That line will just get you into trouble. Now, I'm here to save you from many fights in the future. Dr. Anthony has a question, sir. You have a question, son? Yeah, because you're not going to throw him off the air. Please. I'm here to present you with information to save you from trouble, son. Where'd you get the hat? Whoa, whoa, whoa! Oh, man! Oh, jeez! We're still on, right? Yeah, we're still on. Barely. Oh, my God. You're going to be singing for us on stage, on three, your eyes are going to be able to come over here. And in honor of your notice, you're going to be James Brown. You're going to be singing for us, dancing and talking for us on three. James Brown, one, two, three. I'm so fucking good! Woo! You know how to do it, like anybody said. James Brown, wow! Yeah, I feel good! I knew that I would, yeah! All right, all right! You told James Brown was dead? No, no more. Now you're up on stage on three, Pedro. Your eyes are much more flamboyant, even your Tom Likus. One, two, three, eyes open. Hello, everybody! This is Tom Likus! And I've been at the top of the OVNP, not to say, killer in America! What's the name of the one, Tom? Let me tell you something. This is Likus 101. They are my friends. I like them all, I like them all! I can feel everything in me! Women serve me, baby! All right, everybody! Likus 101! Man talk like us. Very good. That's Pedro. John Rocker you're talking about. When I start snapping, you turn into a Japanese kamikaze pilot. John Rocker, one, two, three. Eyes open, John Rocker! Oh, let me tell you something, everybody. This is not the regular Rocker you're used to. And I see these Italians! What is going on with that raised piece of area everywhere? Everywhere in New York! I live in New Jersey and sometimes... I can't wait for him to get back to Spaz. A little more Spaz, Gary. A little more Spaz, huh? Listen, Spaz, your eyes are open. I hope you're Anthony, but every time I snap my fingers, you're going to realize you lost another hand at strip poker. You're just going to remove an item. Just every time I snap my fingers twice, Spaz, you do it just like it's nothing. Everybody else keep your eyes closed. Eyes open, Spaz. Now you were just talking to Anthony over here about the month of February. Damn! He's taking his shirt off! February, he says it's cold or something. What, he got a problem with the cold? It's pretty cold out if you go outside. Alright, wait a minute. He's taking off his shoes now. Steve's getting this for the unofficial Opiate Anthony website. I think he's losing in strip poker, Anthony. A room full of guys. This is great. What's wrong with February again? Well, I just hope it ends real quick. Alright, wait a minute. He's taking his jeans off! Carrie, you gotta go the distance. You gotta go the distance. You think you're a chicken, Spaz. You're a chicken. Get over there. Get over there. I just said box your shorts. I just like it. I like it. I just like it. I just like it. I just like it. I just like it. A chicken! Spaz, after we hear a rooster, give us a big crow. Big crow! Like a wolf. He just boxed his shorts in the corner. Alright, I hope he's got some chicken feet. I hope he's got some corn. I'm the one that believes this crap. Don't make him do this. Get away! That's not the pecker. He's pecking at him. He's pecking at all feet. Get your pecker away from me! Now Anthony got some corn. Anthony's got some corn. Anthony's got the prime corn. Anthony's got the good corn. Go get the skeptics. He's in his box. He's running around like a chicken trying to fight Anthony. Okay. And it's safe to come back. Oh man. I can't think of. Where is he? He's in the bell. I'm not letting Spaz's pecker near me. Do we have that thing here? Yes we do. You were just a star in the basketball game. We're here in the locker room. Everybody got changed. But you were a little slower getting changed. One day, eyes open. Hey good game Spaz. Good game man. That was a very good game. Scored the winning shot. Did you see that? Yeah. It's closed on. It's closed on. Yeah, pretty good. How'd you do that layup? Oh it was easy going through the edgy fetch. I told you before the game that we beat there. You guys Listen. Joe, you're Eddie Murphy. You're Eddie Murphy into the microphone. Joe, one, two, three. Eddie Murphy right into the microphone. Ma, throw down some money. The ice cream man is coming. Give me some time, go on. Bring back my change. And you run down the block as fast as you can. Chase that guy. And you know, you know he sees you coming because he goes top speed. Lying at them. And he's going to come and bring back my change. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you ice cream. I have some ice cream. I have some ice cream. You don't have some ice cream. You have some ice cream. Do it in Chinese one, two, three. Sing that song in Chinese. Ayah, ya, ya, ya. Ya, ya, ya. That's the English way. You want some ice cream. Alright, very good. Joe, one of our listeners. Steve, film and hold this for the unofficial Opiate Anthony website. Listen, on three Joe, eyes open. Cowboys got... He's wearing ladies underwear. What the heck is that guy smoking? What do you call that thing over there? Are you a fan? Anthony's got a shorter version on. Same style but different version. How about it? You like these? Yeah. He's calling the guys. That's what he's wearing. I like a teddy with the fluff around the edge. I like it, it's comfy. He's got a hanging one off his shoulders. I like him. Why do they dress like this? Oh, it feels good. You can wear ladies underwear as one, two, three. Eyes open. Look at what you got on. What the hell are you doing, man? Look at you, you fag. He's got a subtle look on his face. Spaz is like practicing jump shots in the corner. This is going to be good, we've got to blow up the hall in the studio. Alright, Spaz, on three your eyes are open. Hold that right there for everybody. On three your eyes are open. You're going to realize there's a... A naked chick to your left over there. She's got the hots for you. You're going to be as calm and suave and debonair as you possibly can be. Every time I snap my fingers like this, she grabs you someplace. Every time I snap my fingers like that, chick grabs you somewhere. I want to do a little pull up, Tom. Bust your sky. What's up? What's up? Taking you a drink? What are you drinking tonight? She can only hear you when you're talking to her. She's got a hearing problem. Can I get you a drink? You're not hearing a little bit too well? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We don't know each other that well. Jumping on, honey, alright? She's coming over, just wanted to get to know you for who you are. Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa, honey, honey, not the baggage. You can't get the jewels yet, alright? Alright, so, just tell me a little bit about yourself. Where are you from? I'm from Browneo. flirting with a boy, Tom. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Honey, come on. I'm going home later, but we've got to do the chit chat thing first. Boy, isn't he smooth. Go a little bit too advanced there. I hope that 12 year old is listening. This is good. You've got to think slow. Boy, you want the ringer ready? Come on. So, what's your name? Ah. Excuse me. On the count of three, your eyes are open. You're going to realize your...Whoa, don't put your head through the window. On three, your eyes are open. You're going to realize you're Anthony. That chick is Anthony's girlfriend. And you're picking her up. One, two, three. Anthony's chick you got there. Anthony's not around. My wife. Listen, Anthony's got the little radio show. And I work for him and everything. I know you may think I'm just a phone screener now. But I'm telling you, I have my points on that show. I'm sure you've probably heard of me. You know that guy Spadger on the radio? Oh, God. I'm him. I'll do it. I never known. Why don't you put someone on his call? The show can't keep rolling. The blow up doll is falling for it. Anthony's got the voices in there. He's a little bit older. He's got some excess baggage. Would you be on the other side? Excess baggage is between my legs. You like it this best. So, how's it going? Come on. You don't really want him now, do you? The ponytail thing is out of control. Oh, my God. Look at the blow up doll leaving. Every time I... Whoa! Whoa! It would fall for me, but not that bad. Stand in his place. Oh, my God. Unbelievable. Eyes on three, eyes open. Every time I snap my fingers, Cowboys have a gas attack. Eyes over and take a look at this one. What the heck? Oh, man. Sorry, guys. It stinks. I love that. Man, look at your wife. Jesus Christ, man. He has a ventilation in this place. What's wrong, Joe? Whoa! I'm a direct viewer. Oh, shit. Oh, did you take my accident for some crap? I thought that was bad, man. Was he going to battle? What, White Castle? White Castle? When I snap my fingers, you think it smells good. Everybody else knows it stinks when you do. Eyes open. What's going on, Ezra? You're getting too much coffee out there, man. Oh, man, yeah. It's moving in at Chili's, man. What's up with that? Stinks, dude. I don't know what you're talking about. You smell like special rose, dude. What are you talking about? It doesn't smell bad. It's smelling things, man. I was going... Sure you have. Sure you have. Let me go. Let's sit up. Spaz, I'm through your eyes are open. Every time Opie says 102.7, Spaz, you realize you become another month pregnant. You become another month pregnant every time Opie says the term 102.7. And after that third time, you're going to feel a little kick-ins further up. And you're going to feel a little rumblings in your belly. And by the ninth time he says 102.7, you're going to lay on the ground here. You're going to have the baby right here. And everything else is going to be normal for you. I'm going to do the eyes open feeling. I do so many radio stations. I didn't know what one I was on. I know you're a WNEW FM, but what are you... No, we're 102.7 there, Gary. Spaz, what's the problem? What was I to hear that? It's 102.7, Gary Conrad, in the studio. We're trying to give the call letters as WNEW FM. 102.7. Spaz, what's the problem? Nothing, I think maybe something I ate. I don't know. 102.7, Spaz. We're trying to do a radio show here. You're distracting me. Now I have to say the call letters again. 102.7. Spaz, what's wrong? Something's kicking in my stomach. We're trying to do a radio show. 102.7 WNEW. Spaz, you're really distracting me. Now I have to say it again. 102.7. 102.7. He's on the floor. Spaz, what's going on down there? 102.7. 102.7. Push, push, Spaz. You're a doctor getting delayed. Pull it up, pull it up. Pull it up, pull it up. Pull it up. Pull it up. Pull it up. Pull it up. Pull it up. Spaz just gave birth and now he's making him breastfeed the baby. It's a rubber chicken. Here you go. Rock the baby, rock the baby. She's the cutest thing you've ever seen. You've got to beat the baby. Rock the baby. It's starving. Where's my husband? Where's his husband? Look at the little nipple there, look at the nipple. That's all I feed it, that's all. it. He's got a great old thing develops teeth and he bites you there spas 123. Oh just bit me. You're gonna get arrested. Rock the baby. This is so wrong. Rock the baby. It's now your your your your vibes will carry you stand. Yes. This your first. Yes. The thing resemble you. Who does the baby resemble more you or the other parent. More like the other parent. Remember going through this pain again. Oh he wants another baby. He's not have another one. What you name it. Junior. He's caressing a rubber chicken. The baby. Baby does mess all over you spas. Baby does mess all over you. I'll take care of it. No problem. I'll be fine. Changing a diaper on a rubber chicken. Mommy wipe himself first. He's a mommy. He's wiping the diarrhea off his chest. That's gonna be a good parent. Look at that. Diaper on that. Improvise. Clean. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Precious. All over the wall. Listen. Everybody's eyes open and you just saw your parents do something that you never thought you would ever see your parents do it and you want to report it first. We're going to start with Joe. Joe your parents did something you never thought you'd see him do. You're going to tell us about it. One day. I don't know. Come on. You were saying about your parents. I mean I came from school. I caught him. Wasn't good. What were they doing. Mom was bent over. And they were having sex. Mom was taken from a high. I never seen. It's disgusting. I want to talk about it. It's disgusting. It was gross. The jackhammer. Oh. It'll last forever. Did they know you were there. They've seen that. Did they see you there. No. I mean I just walked in. I caught him in the bedroom. All right. Your eyes are open. One of the eyes. Now what were you saying about your parents were doing something. So my father's dressed up in a pink bunny suit. My mother feed him carrots. I'm so with that dude. Wag man. I tell you. I've never seen anything like that before. It's a Christmas story nightmare. I'm telling you. Nightmare. Here comes again. So guys. All right. Spas ever have parents. Yeah. You got parents. Your parents are spas. I'm thinking your eyes are open up. Tell us what you caught your you saw your parents doing. Never thought you would see them. No. I want to do. I don't know. What what you were talking about your parents. Oh yeah. This is kind of embarrassing. My parents. I come home like one day like back when I was going to school in elementary school. I come home and I see them to play little dolls. The play with dolls. But the freaky part is. Yeah. So whatever they make the dolls do. They do it themselves. Really. Yeah. Like let's say like they give it to dogs with like some crazy sexual position. All right. Something crazy gets in their or like like they happen to have Barbie walk over to a bed post and screw a bed post. Yeah. Then I see I overheard this and see this by the way. Well it tells mom. So OK. Well Barbie screws head post. I got an idea. Yeah. Go screw the bed post. What did my mom do right in front of me. Screw the bed. Oh my God. Yeah. But what freaks me out is that they see me out of the corner of the eye and continue to do without telling me to leave. Really. Would you back in your toy box. Listen guys I'm through your eyes. You'll be talking to hope you and Anthony. Every time I snap my fingers one of your body parts gets either larger or smaller. I'm three eyes open gang one to the eyes open feeling good. And it's W. W. W. The opening of the show. We get the guys in the studio here. You guys having a good time today. What's the problem. What's the problem. What man check this out. You got a giant foot. Hey let's see the giant foot. I could kick some soccer balls. Look at that thing. That's huge. That's huge. What's the problem. What's wrong. Well I wouldn't want to just join the foot to hit me in my small screen. Small penis. Whoa. Why are you turning your back. No reason. No reason. Joe what's going on. Joe. What's wrong with your belly button. It's getting smaller. It's getting smaller. It's gone. Joe I'm through your realize Rick stole your belly button one of these days. What's going on right now. Dude what are you doing. I need that. That's what I'm talking about. Stand asleep. Just stand and say stand and say bad eyes closed. I'm through your eyes open. You realize that Anthony stole your social organ. One two three. Oh I know. He got your answer. I'm through your. That's OK. I'll leave it in your mailbox. You can pick it up later. Well now you're a chicken again. Give a new meeting to that term one two three. You're a chicken again. Anthony got corn for you. Anthony got that sweet corn. The spaz is running after Anthony. He's got him. He's stuck. He's stuck back there now. They're behind the equipment. Anthony has escaped. Now you're a duck. You're a duck spaz. One two three. You're a duck. You're a duck. You're a duck. Spaz is making his way from the behind the equipment. You're a disco duck. Stand up and dance. You're a disco duck. Stand up and dance. Oh very nice. Spaz is out cold again. Very funny Gary. Very funny. Spaz I'm through your eyes open. You think you had a little accident there and you should have had your diapers on. You're 99 years old. Spaz and that's running high. That prostate just doesn't do it like it used to. So I threw your eyes open. Spaz you're 90 years old and you realize you had a little accident. One two three. Hey guys. Old man Spaz here. Hey Spaz. Hey Spaz. I think I have to go to the bathroom. I had an accident. Excuse me Phil. Let me ask you one thing Spaz. Now that you're in your 90s if you had to do it all over again what would you have done different? Probably not be such a prick in my own glass. What did you do so bad? How did you know that dry? I gave you an advice. Oh man. What about the days on the Opie Anthony show? How were they? In retrospect? Fine memories. Fine memories. Were they fulfilling? Learning experience. Very much learning experience. What do you think about Anthony? He's long gone now so you can say. Quiet type. He never really said much. Many McDonald's runs. That's what I remember. McDonald's. Going to McDonald's a lot. What was Opie like in those days? He gave me a lot of good advice on radio. What about Rip the Producer? He was one of my favorites. I consider him a tough guy. He said Rick gave him a lot of s. You're dry now and you can stand and sleep with your legs firm beneath you. Your legs firm beneath you. Spaz I'm through your eyes. You think you're the Easter Bunny. You hop around a room one day. Eyes open Spaz. You're the Easter Bunny. Careful. That was a freaking looted thing. Now you realize you're a kangaroo in your shadow box. You realize you're Crocodile Hunter from Australia. Talk to us over here Croc Hunter. Come over here Croc Hunter. Ain't she a beaut? Look at this. Now run that one over there. There's his vehicle right mate. You want to scan him off? What are we hunting? A crocodile. Now you got to sneak up in a real quiet light. Like that one over there. She's eyeballed you. You don't want man. Get up and sneak up on her. Stick up on her little bugger. Then you get right up to her. Boom right through the brain. Okay I'll be quiet. Freeze Spaz. Freeze. I don't want him near me. Anthony's behind the equipment again. Spaz on three your eyes are open. You think that the top of your foot's a cigarette lighter. One two three eyes open. Take a look. Light that thing. Whoa what's wrong Spaz? Spaz what's wrong? Spaz? Spaz what's going on buddy? What's on fire? I stand and say stand and say stand. Your legs are perfect. All right listen up guys. On three your eyes are open. You're going to feel great. Joe on three your eyes are open. You're going to realize that your shoes are saying insulting things to you. Harred, accusatory, falsehood things to you. Spaz when your eyes are open. Every time I snap my fingers with Joe his shoes say nasty things to him but your shoes say one nine hundred number things to you. Spaz one two three eyes open and uh Joe come over here. Joe I need you by the mic. Come over here buddy. He's cursing like come over here. A crazy man over there. He's cursing out his sneakers. I wish I could do that to you honey. Joe where was your shoes? Come on here buddy. Where was it from? I'm going to paraphrase some of the things in the in the in the in the speakable language. Call me an anvil. Who? Who's calling you that? The shoes. What's the problem? Dude they're getting nasty man. They're saying all kinds of crap. All right. Spaz look at your shoes. Come over here. Yeah it's hard. Oh you're taking it off. Leave the stockings on. Oh you're taking it off. It appears you're coming off. I got the oils. Spaz on the count of three whatever your shoes are saying you're now feeling it one two three. Now you're feeling exactly what your shoes are saying. Whoa yeah. Feels good. Ah come on. Come on man. They need to hear that. Whoa you got the push button I hope. Yeah we got we're dumping out. No problem. Okay cool. Well you got any callers want them to do anything? Um yeah we do actually. Try to think. They wanted Spaz to kiss the doll. Nah nah I don't want to do anything. No? What Spaz on three your eyes are open. You're like just kiss the doll and the doll was the absolute best kisser you've ever come across in your life. Tell us about it one two three. Eyes open. Go in there Spaz. Whoa. Oh that doll brings back memories. Put your arm around it. Put your arm around it. You can get a little cozy with her. A little friendly. How do you know that doll? Well she's a doll. Wow. I'm embarrassed to say it but you know I got in you know early and um sawed it in the corner of the office and um well I I stuck my tongue in this doll's mouth. Really? How was she? Uh the best kisser of any girlfriend I've ever had. Well you better not let that get out with some of your dates. Appreciate that. Well I am dating one person. Even hypnotized you know you better you better say that. I feel embarrassed saying that I kissed a blow up doll when my girlfriend would be listening. Yeah. Will you recommend other people try that? Oh yeah anybody in the office. Best kisser you're ever gonna get. Beats out any human. Really? Any human? Really? Oh you want to try that? No that's okay. That's okay. It'll make you day man. No that's all right. Anthony's a skeptic when you got the same answer. Hey what's up man? You got the beach a piece of plastic? Yeah I bet. No that's okay. I think I'll uh. I cleaned it. That's great. No uh that's okay. No no you you take the uh take the doll with you. Want to try later? Yeah yeah maybe later. Yeah put it in the office. Maybe I'll check it out later. That's great. No very attractive uh yeah doll. That's great. Keep him away. He falls down all over the place. What are we gonna do with Spass? He's done uh. Oh I got one. You got one more for Spass? Hey uh Anthony hold this buddy. If you would please. Listen up guys. I'm through your eyes are open. Every time Anthony tickles that Elmo doll both you guys realize that you turn into tickle me Elmo dolls. Now he'll hold that doll with his right hand but the minute he puts his left hand on that doll both y'all will feel it exactly where it is being fell down. One two three eyes open feeling good and that's that up yeah yeah yeah it's like a tickle me Elmo right yeah yeah oh watch the side of the head oh that has oh that's got that'll even watch when you flick the nose really hard like this how about when you punch it in the face like that you're just like nail it in the face right in the stomach oh there it goes that had a hurt all there on the floor why'd you take those toes take those toes oh no why don't we ram this thing where the sun doesn't shine I can't even describe what's going on but Steve is getting great video of this it's got to hurt the back of your head they're completely on the floor happening to the guys yeah oh try to make them stand up yep whack whack them across the forehead sleep sleep sleep oh very good what's up oh what are you doing your eyes are open and uh who's the guy you had on you had the one guy is the racist guy and the other guy is the anti-racist what did what did you have on her oh we had Vinny the racist yeah and just people talking to him and was there another guy coming in that wanted to kick his butt or didn't like him or uh imposing point of view pretty much every listener yeah okay yeah all right so listen up on three uh uh your eyes are open you're going to interlock your uh arms and you realize you've been you're joined at the hit y'all are siamese twins and one of y'all are vinny the racist is it yeah we'll make uh spaz you'll be vinny the racist and uh you'll be uh joe the unracist and uh your arms are interlocked and you can't separate you gotta live your whole lives together like this uh one two three eyes open stand right up interlock those arms and like those arms right there interlock that right arm right there and uh your name is vinny yes i'm vinny vinny you and your what is your moniker what do they call you vinny problem black people man well don't push it over we need we need to articulate what what's going on your joke i don't know he's got problems with them black yeah well come on you're talking to the mic all right they're like fighting it's been nice visiting y'all wow time with that one wow the risani twins slick with everything else spaz was a racist and the other guy was a black guy they learned connected oh my god i was using the f word and the fd whatever yeah wherever every alphabet all right started wow well gary conrad i gotta leave guys i got to bring them rascals now hope you guys can do do something with them because i i don't know what to do gary conrad i'm very impressed uh he's gonna be at rascals all weekend long tonight yes that phone number for ticket info gary uh tonight nine seven three seven three six two seven two six and we'll be on the world wide web if you check that out on rask yeah we got the we got the website address we'll give it out after commercials okay well gary conrad it's always a pleasure yeah great great show you'll have a lot of fun a lot of fun uh he's gonna be doing a couple erotic shows as well this weekend so call rascals for ticket info okay yeah all right there he goes everyone gary conrad 1027 wnew theop and anthony show gotta thank gary conrad for stopping by once again today okay a lot of fun to check out he sure gets uh gets that spaz moving doesn't he yes he does running around like a friggin lunatic he loves the spaz unbelievable steve's got some good footage for the unofficial opium anthony website oh yeah to fill in the gaps we were trying to explain as much as possible there uh www.foundrymusic.com it'll take a day or two to get up there but it will be there yeah i'll probably make the clips tomorrow and put them up tomorrow night because during the day it's hard because the site gets pounded so much i know you guys are pounding the unofficial website like crazy right after the show people want to see the site they come pounding and pounding and pounding and the super bowl clips are up people are enjoying those from the super bowl party so wow what a day what a day what a day spaz is horrible high pitch screaming and hollering a lot of fun yeah it was weird when he came out of it he's you know what is that doll doing here my shirt off what's your doll doing here did you make me do something with the doll did you do what did anthony do what did anthony do how do you know you're not hypnotized you didn't go under uh oh really what happened all right what do you want to do do you want to do uh what did we learn on the show today well we have a few calls up there don't we yes we do two one two seven five seven one oh two seven the fax line two one two nine five seven nine six three nine and you can quickly do it on the instant feedback we'll try to read as many as possible here all right all right all right oh people asking about gary conrad he'll be at rascals all weekend long give them a call for ticket info there you go let's get this going hey peter what's going on yeah hey uh this is kevin's brother okay yeah today i learned that i am now an uncle i learned that my brother is a chicken yeah and that i must hide my rubber doll next time he very good thank you peter no problem all right man easy bye sound too smart to be spaz's brother jimmy what's going on what's going on guys you got the brand i can honestly say you are the best team on any w's team you are the only team i just want to tell you guys spaz is like sick there's something wrong with that guy yeah you guys just keep topping every day man i don't know what to do laughing laughing i can't drive them on keep crashing with it uh what did we learn is it open i know what did we learn bro all right thanks jimmy bye put the radio on here you hear dutch what's going on all right what's going on guys all right hey i've actually learned two things yeah uh the first thing i learned is if i ever have a kid named keith i'm getting a dead bolt from my bedroom that kid was that kid was hilarious today he's out of his mind yeah what a guy very good second thing i learned you know you guys are talking about you know driving through arlem and whatnot and you just run lights and everything i was down in orlando this past weekend on business and maybe it's a travel tip for everyone else out there anytime you find yourself on a street called mlk boulevard in a strange city yeah drive faster because they don't put martin luther king boulevard in nice neighborhoods so chris roxas thank you christopher rock i pulled up i pulled up and uh you know i stopped at the first light of canton these guys swarmed out of my car like a bunch of flying monkeys from uh oh my god come on dude jesus christ thank you it was better when chris rock was doing the bet thank you thank you guys bye maggie you're next on the radio show what did you learn today maggie oh i'm sorry um great show guys i'm cracking up um i learned today that if i ever work for you i am never going to have sex on any of your furniture you guys are merciless and you punished this boy to the point of damage now why not you're only going to be able to get that chick from this point on yeah we rode that pony a little too long that whole couch thing i mean he's he's damaged the whole parent story oh my god i wouldn't touch you with a 10-foot pole well you gotta see the video now i know i'm sitting there going two days oh my god no no steve it'll be up uh starting tomorrow sometime okay i gotta check that out because i was just oh my god thank you maggie all right bye www.foundrymusic.com let's move on to kuz kuz yo he calls all the time now i recognize the name what's going on going on oh and i know i learned on the show to trust anthony more yeah yeah i think that little the hypnotist i mean it was funny but i don't buy it i won't say that it isn't entertaining as all hell oh it's funny as hell but i can see if you go to a club and stuff and he gets a bunch of people up there and they're doing things like spazza's doing today you'd be roaring man you'll go to rastle see the guy you'll laugh your ass off but as far as it them being under some kind of a trans under hypnotism i i'm sorry i don't buy it i'm buying it no it's just the kick of being in front of everybody making an ass out of yourself yeah that's it i don't know i don't buy it i don't know i'm buying that something was going on there thank you kuz all right syndication now hey i like that josh from minhattan i'll need some feedback today i learned that a 12 year old boy can be more entertaining than n.e.w.'s morning show keith doing mornings that'd be great keith and his family and uh vinny the racist would you listen to a show where it's just a 12 year old kid and bringing his friends in and they just talk about like 12 year old kids stuff you would have i tune in every day you would have to the funniest damn show you would have to talking about who's like the you know oh no that guy's a dick talking about like girls and stuff and school socks and you laugh your ass off wait that's our show yeah wait a minute we get it i smell my finger yeah we're in our we're in our 30s but we stopped growing when we hit 15 i think you're right it is this show uh dave all right dave what's up yeah i just wanted to say that i had an appointment to go quit smoking through hypnotism this week uh-huh yeah forget about it i don't know what that is gonna make me dance like a little freak like smacking something i'm not going you're scared of hypnotism now i gotta go find another way okay later guys you guys suck thank you john you're next hey what's going on how much i learned that i would never want to be that rubber chicken yeah i mean well you guys did the spaz i was dying well one thing i almost ran off the road with the jump shots and the diaper and everything i one good thing i think we got a brand new spaz scream that we have to isolate you guys get better and better every single day i've been listening to you for like three months now and it's just awesome hey thank you john keep it up thank you all right take it easy bye syndication now syndication now veto yo oh and a how are you all right this is veto i'm joe soprano's brother the guy that does the fountain of the founding music stuff with you guys hey listen what i learned today was never to listen to your show while walking on ice with headphones on i slipped and busted my ass when i heard spaz hit the floor doing the pregnancy stuff yeah i almost stopped traffic you know what it'd be worth the trip to hospital because that stuff was hysterical oh cool i've been listening to you guys like the last couple weeks now my brother started letting me listen to you that was it two weeks well i haven't really i mean i heard you guys but i work in bel-a-lac i can't really listen all right but i had the thing oh you guys almost got me fired one of the guys is doing a nigga jokes oh my god i had to kind of like lower it all right i'm listening what's going on with that word today on this show popping up a little too often today we apologize to our african brother don't worry about them all right hey you guys rock bro thank you vito john i was talking about the word was i seem to be using it a lot today john from peak skill i learned that spaz will make a great mom when he grows up got to be bit of the week oh we encourage you guys to check out the video at uh www.foundrymusic.com okay it'll be up uh hopefully within the next 24 hours yeah where are we going jim jim you're next on the radio show what did you learn today oh well you know what i learned something i didn't know spaz's secret secret setting is to have sex on in and around and we're done oh boy you're bumping it out right at the uh sorry jim money shot something about having sex with the net inanimate object yes okay let's go to russ russ you're next on the radio show what did you learn today hey russ yeah what did you learn today i learned in celebration of groundhog's day every day is groundhog's day for al roca because there's not a day in the week that brother doesn't even see his shadow oh get off the fast stuff get on groundhog i'll welcome to your shadow i could stand next to him and not get a tan all right very good all right thank you let's go to tony tony what did you learn on the show today uh that hit the tip what is the name paul mckennan uh no wasn't that paul mckennan like from howard yeah go ahead congratulations on the 2.9 guys thank you thank you tony 2.9 anything else tony you gotta be kidding hey tony you're listening how good you're doing you're listening you're listening right tony okay that's right 2.9 he's laughing see we could have dumped out of that we know yeah we're going to call that's fine thank you he's listening though right yeah hey jack you're next on the radio show what's up yeah how you doing i learned one of the reasons anthony got new clothes is because his old pants were stinking up the joints wow yeah no i ain't got mad at me i was joking about that yeah and is spaz available for children's parties he probably would make a lot of money doing that run around over now diamond dust it's funny because he didn't use wrangler today yeah yeah all these old cv handlers when i was 12 hysterical though he gets through every day over and out diamond dust shut up you asses gerard yes how are you pretty good good i learned that anthony is good at scaling houses and breaking into windows and i also learned that uh keith's mom and dad should put a deadbolt on their door yes i think that's the biggest lesson of the day yeah they that kid uh breaks into the house a mean thorough model too much thank you gerard thank you on that note uh joey from jersey i learned if i go to the goodwill in long island i could dress like a dj absolutely look uh look out for my clothes i wonder what my fur coat is bryan e from manhattan i learned that you could change the diaper on a rubber chicken all right all right one one last one we'll get out of here john i think you're about it for today what's up hey what i learned do any hole that's open thanks there you go it's all great be said that was the line of the day all right thank you john guys are great okay bye with that i guess we gotta wrap it up i am yeah wow well cowbell bill thanks for stopping by cowboys again thank you guys cowboy bill cowboy there you go he doesn't want to start that poor guy every time do people not hear cowbell cowbell cowbell bill and and they're all like hey cowboy bill no what is he you see what i had yeah that's like the openie and andy show yeah yeah i i want to talk about the openie and andy andy andy andy cowbell bill cowboy bill boy all right always uh pressure when you stop in bill thanks guys well i guess it's time to power down this ends uh the broadcast day here at w any w oh that's right saving a little energy we gotta power down just shut shut that switch and pull the lever shutting her down oh look how dim everything is shutting her down no reason to keep the station transmitter working after uh we could leave the airway that's for sure shutting down um up next cain only problem is you gotta turn your dial though don't even know the guy but we're gonna start promoting him you're great rock and roll that's right some great rock from uh 92 3k rock on the way with cain it's it's our show but you just got to change the station it's what we listen to on the way home you might as well tell you trust me nothing to see here move along people move along move along nothing to see here please turn the dial to 92 3 on your fm dial completely serious oh my god what uh we think i've ever heard that we gave the guy a chance and he sucks he can't keep our audience so we might as well give our audience to someone else and see what they could do with it i think uh we learned today jim from huntington we learned today that anthony runs behind the equipment way too much yeah i've been a lot lately i really i found a nice niche back there to get away from people all right stay tuned for uh cain 92 3k rock tell him we said hi we're giving him our whole audience for now on until something better comes along at uh seven o'clock here on until we get something we could uh you know promote yeah that's what we're doing for now on okay might as well promote something else within the company oh we need the lineup promo no no no we need that lineup promo notice who's missing notice who's not on our website anymore cain next 92 3k rock