 O.T. and Anthony. I like that. This is debauchery mania. I like that. Prostate exams for everyone. I like that. 111027 WNEW. Hey, we're back. Phone line 212-757-1027. Hey, fax line 212-957-9639. It's the O&A Shoo. Hey, man. We were talking about music while the commercials were playing. Grammys are what, tomorrow? Yeah. Oh, we couldn't fly out to LA this year and talk to all the musicians like we usually do every year, Anthony? What's up with that? We haven't done that in the last couple of years now. Why don't they send us on any of those things anymore? Those used to be fun. And at this point we're lucky to have a job. Shut up. Yeah, I know. Yeah, they used to send us to those things. Now it's the best to keep them in the studio locked behind doors. And that's dangerous too, as we found out Friday. What is that clip going to be on the unofficial website? Steve is still hunting for that tape of the wowing on CBS. I want to see it again. It is so freaking funny. Now that I know we're most likely not in trouble. God, is that one of the funniest things ever from Friday's show? I was distracted from the news guy getting checked, as you said. Because I was watching the melee in the background, a psycho mark and a couple of listeners with their wow sign. Well, I was on the phone with our new boss, Jeremy, all weekend long doing damage control. And he asked me, because he left early Friday our new boss, Jeremy, who we love. We really do like this guy. He's really got it out of his mind. He's allowing us to be ourselves. And he left because of the snowstorm Friday, so I had to call him over the weekend and make sure he knew exactly what happened. Of course, we're talking about psycho mark. He was outside the Letterman studio Friday with another wow sign. And there was checking involved. The reporter got checked. There was a fight. There was a melee. There was a tug of war over a wow sign, all live on TV. It was just a freaking cluster F. You have a CBS News trailer where they keep their staff during the live shots and everything just emptied out. And a foot chase after psycho mark and a couple of his cohorts ended with a little bit of a brawl. A little? I didn't know what to look at. It was in the live shot on TV. I didn't know what to look at. So we'll have the clip on the unofficial website, hopefully in the next day or two. So I got Jeremy on the phone because he's back in Washington. And I had to start the story four separate times because I was laughing so freaking hard. He's like, all right, explain to me what happened. I'm like, OK, well, you know how psycho mark likes to cause havoc with these live shots. And now he has his psychopaths. And every time there's a live shot, you know, we encourage the listeners to get a wow sign on TV and stuff. He goes, yeah, of course. You know, I'm like, all right. So they're they're live outside the Letterman studio. And all of a sudden they go to the reporter, Maury, who's like 70. He's got to be over 70. Oh, God, he's an older guy. It's icy. It's snowy. It's a miserable night. And all of a sudden, all of a sudden you see Mark in the background and he just kind of lifts up his huge wow sign. We've seen it many times in the past. Mark has been kicking ass with that wow sign all over TV. And I go, and then Jeremy, well, at that point, you see like three guys jump out of some kind of truck and pretty much tackle Mark live on TV. And then I just start freaking laughing because what's the problem? Well, I go, well, that's that was only part of what happened. You see, while they tackled Mark, then two of Mark's psychopaths come running toward the camera with another wow sign and they swear, they swear that they they slipped on the ice when they checked them. Check them. His life shot. But his life shot. So I'm laughing so hard. I'm like, so one of the psychopaths, yeah, they kind of slipped and checked Maury. He almost fell over. And then the psychopath tried to run away, but his arm or something was caught with the mic cord. And then he spun Maury around a little bit. And I'm laughing so freaking hard. He's like, calm down, dude. I need the facts. I'm like, I'm trying, Jeremy, I'm trying. I go, well, at that point, then you look in the back again and now they're having a huge tug of war over this. Wow. Remember people, the guy is trying to do a live shot here. Yeah, we completely disrupted the whole newscast. Yeah. And then I go, well, then Maury hears all the commotion in the background. So he turns completely around. Now his head is to the back of the camera to see what's going on. Then he had to tell the cameraman, OK, focus on me. And then they start to report and then Mark runs away. Oh, my God. I was laughing so freaking hard at. So now we I guess we're OK for now. As far as this episode. Well, no one has talked to us yet today. So I think we're going to be all right. But that was it was it was touch and go for a while. Well, Anthony, thank you. I'll pay. Bless you. Let's say, hey, Glenn, what's going on? Yeah, my father works for NBC News. He does career work, actually. And they stand there by the camera man and make sure nobody sticks their fingers up so they can get the live shots out. You know, let me tell you, Psycho Mark is the buzz. They either want to kill him or just break his arm. But I think next time that they get a good close shot on him, I think they're going to take him out in some physical way. Well, it's like the most wanted on the most wanted list. They just want to break his little neck. Well, that's obvious, because CBS tackled them live on TV Friday. Yeah, and we see as well. They're waiting for him. I mean, it's like they got an old points bulletin on his anus. You know, at this point, though, it's too late. There's too many psychopaths out there now. We got Mark and then we've spawned a million psychopaths syndication now. And let me tell you, this isn't just somebody coming behind the camera. You know, when the reporters out there and some people just get behind the camera, start jumping and waving and smiling. We are talking in front of the reporter attacks. Yes, that's what this is all about. People, we've had three or four the last week along. It's one thing to do something behind the reporter when you cross that barrier, when you cross over and now you're in front of the reporter. Now you are the prime attention. You know, we were going to talk about this later, but you know what? We might as well, you know, continue the discussion right now. I mean, the wow signs all good and dandy, and I encourage you to continue getting the wow sign of live TV. But other signs that that are associated with this radio show would be pretty good, too. Absolutely. Like a quick rusty trombone sign or hysterical or, you know, a map of Hawaii, anything. Get creative with your signs, you know. I don't think Psycho Mark's going to be allowed out for a while. So that he needs his psychopaths to take over. Yeah, his cover's been blown. You see a live shot anywhere in the Tri-State area. Get a sign and get yourself on TV. You got to be creative, though, because they're they're watching out for us at this point. You must have like pictures of you, Psycho Mark up in all the trailers when they go out to do their live shots. Look for this man. If you see him, tackle him. I hope they break my neck. I swear to God, I can go after themselves. Every one of them is on a mission. Yeah, he's cocky now, but I got him good over the weekend. I should have paid that, Ben. You got it on tape still? I called Ben, right? Yeah, because I don't know Psycho Mark's numbers. So I go through Ben. And this was after I this was after I talked to Jeremy, our new boss, and he's, you know, he's got all the facts and he's pretty much like, I think I think we're going to be OK, guys. OK. So I'm like, all right, I better call Ben and get to Psycho Mark, because I knew when you left Friday, you were freaking, right? Yeah. And you're and he's still freaking. So I call up Ben and Ben and Mark were in Boston this weekend. Yeah. So I got Ben's answer machine. I go, Ben, it's out, man. Oh, no. Psycho Mark's fired, man. Oh, no. I say he's fired. He's fired. It's over. It's over. He's fired, man. He repeated it like five times. Oh, my God. You suck, man. And then there is a pause. And then I go, just get it, man. Have Psycho Mark call me. Oh, you suck. Ben hands me the phone, right? Sweat is dripping down off my face. My heart just fell right down to my nuts. It was like, oh, my God, my life. You know, that's what being associated with the show is all about. You never know if the next day you're going to be fired or not. Yeah, that's just the way it is. That's the environment we have here on this show. So get aboard, man. And I have been suspended three or four times in the past fired once. There are so many times we leave the show like, hey, take care of that. Take care. Yeah. I don't know if I'll see you again. Might be it. And everyone around us, they're the ones sweating because they haven't been through it yet. Don't get the boot. It's damn good radio. And it's fun. ACN fired me three times. See? You fit the profile to be part of this show. But I got him so bad over the weekend. Oh, Ben, it's not looking good. He's fired. I think he's done. He's fired. He's done. I just talked to Jeremy. You're fired. You're done. Go try working over at Cogswell Cogs because you're fired. Hey, Don, what's going on? Hey, how are you doing, guys? Great. How could they possibly fire a guy who's been crowned on national television? Yeah, that's right. You won't miss a minute. We're over at Fox News there, Fox and Friends. Hey, Don, what's going on? What are you doing there? I'm one of the technical managers there. Oh, you guys took care of us. Yeah, well, we like you guys. You got a lot of fans over there. Not only did Fox and Friends allow Psycho Mark to be all over their shots with the wow sign, they interviewed him. And put the crown on his head from Miss USA or whatever? Miss Universe? Yeah, that's right. Yeah, cool. So it's a good deal. Anyway, they can't possibly fire him. He's been crowned. All right, Don, thank you. Take it easy, guys. I must say Fox and Friends is the only cool station so far. Everyone else has a problem with Psycho Mark and the psychopaths. I don't understand it. I don't know. It adds a little excitement. The best is when they put masks on. Goddamn, those guys from Friday were hilarious. The fact that they checked the reporter by accident, but to see what? He had a mask on and it looked like his face was melting. I got to tell you, after you left Friday, we sat in the office for about half an hour, rewinding that tape and playing it over and over again. Wait, which one though? There's so many. The one, Channel 11. Channel 11. Yeah, the Channel 11 one. It's 10 o'clock news. Yeah. We played it in slow motion. You see the guy with the mask and the wow sign coming up behind him. First you see this ominous shadow behind the guy. You know he's coming. Then you see the guy with the wow sign and the big burnt-up gorilla mask. I don't know what the hell it is. Yeah, it looks like his face is melting. Comes up behind him and then right next to him and puts the sign in front of the reporter's face. Completely in front of the reporter's face. The reporter horrified. You see it in the slow-mo of his face. It could have been OJ with a big knife coming at him. That's how scared this guy looked. The shadow reminded me of a shark in the water. You see it kind of under the surface. What's that? You see this ominous shadow and then all of a sudden there he is, the cook with a wow sign and the horrified reporter. We were laughing our asses off. Remember what he was saying when he put the sign in front of the reporter's face? He mumbles something. He's like wow wow wow wow. The guy with the mask and the wow sign. He's like wow wow wow. I don't even know what the hell he said. It was the funniest thing. Mark and the psychopaths have pretty much taken over live TV at this point. We have hit every station I think now. We've gotten two. We got four. We got seven. We got Fox. Then we got Channel 11. They did Channel 13 this summer at the Bruce Show. We'll see if anyone strikes today. You never know. Where are the live shots today? Now I can't wait to see if anyone strikes today. I smoke Good Morning America Wednesday. Really? All right. What happened with Entertainment Tonight? That's right. When Regis walked into David Letamis' studio. Regis on Friday to tape his show. He's back from his heart surgery. Get me a heart patient in the heart disease. He was walking into Letamis' theater and I had the wow sign. So I stood behind in front of all the paparazzi showing the wow sign. And John the Dump Guy said that he saw me last night when Regis was walking in on Entertainment Tonight. Meanwhile I was screaming, you know, hey Regis, how's Kathy Lee's fun back? It's fantastic. I could juggle with them. They're like two hacky sacks. I said that that made it as well. That's classy. Another bonus. All right. We'll see if it's getting all over. We'll see if anyone strikes today. That would be good. Continue with the wow signs but you could get creative with other signs that have to do with the show. Yes. Because then if you're home and you're a fan of the show and you see Spaz as an idiot or something, you'll laugh pretty hard. All right. We've got to take a break. We want to talk about the Grammys and Carlos Santana, what, his uncle was a kid toucher? Yeah, he came out. Now it's his first time getting a Grammy and I don't know, has he ever been nominated for a Grammy? And now I think he's pulling this whole thing where he's trying to get the sympathy vote by saying somebody touched his little schween. All right. Let's get into the story next. Stay there. Leopold and Anthony show. Drone men jumping all over each other. Okay. Terrific. One hundred and seventy seven. W-N-E-W. AnthonyPriceline.com. Yes. Saving people money saved us plenty on hotels and airfare and now groceries. How about that? You know how much it costs to like shop for your household? It costs like, you can't leave the supermarket without spending a couple of hundred bucks. You can't leave and go, well, what the hell is this? I got like one bag, one little plastic bag. You go to Priceline.com. Now you can name your own price for groceries. Everything you buy all the time, beef, chicken, soda, cereal, coffee, diapers, everything, up to half off. You go to Priceline.com, name your own price. You print out these prepaid coupons. You take them to the stores you shop at all the time. You don't have to go to a special store. Anyway, A&P, ShopRite, Wall Bounce, King Collin, Gristini's, Dagestinos, Food Emporium, hundreds of stores. You take your prepaid coupons, shop what you named your own price for, and then that's it. You have the coupons, you have the money, you save up to half off on your groceries. Why wouldn't you do this, people? You could save tons. Yes, save lots of money. Check it out for yourself. Just log on to Priceline before you go to the store. Priceline for groceries. It's bigger than big. Priceline.com. Priceline.com. Priceline.com. 1027 WNEW. I like when this kicks in, man. Coal chamber? Yeah, check it out. Check this out right here. Oh yeah. Oh my God, that makes me want to take crowbars to people's heads. Oh, that rocks. Coal chamber rocks. They're coming to town with Typo Negative, Anthony. Yeah? March 14th, Roseland. Typo Negative's a great band to check out, too. Yeah. Hey, Ben. You know... Wow, I love that. Sorry. Very loud. You know anything about Foo Fighters, Chili Peppers? They're playing in Albany. They're coming around? New York City area. They're playing Arena up in Albany. Yeah. They're not even playing like Boston. That's really weird. Yeah, it is weird. Like, I would go to that in a second, but who the hell wants to go to Albany? Yeah. Foo Fighters and Peppers. They'll probably be back in the summer, though. Foo Fighters were on Letterman last night. Letterman called the Foo Fighters his favorite band, and he had them play his favorite song. You like the rock and roll kids? In honor of his comeback show last night. They played Everlong. Oh yeah? For Dave. Did you see that last night? The David Letterman stuff? No. No, I missed it. Oh man, that was intense. Yeah? I gotta say. What was it? First of all, welcome back to Dave Letterman. Seriously, no jokes here. Welcome back to you, Dave. Godspeed. He looked really thin, though. He was looking like kind of thin anyway. He looked like a scarecrow in that suit last night. I was a little worried there. But it was pretty funny. He was talking about how, you know, he was away for a while and he had a quintuple bypass and he got a haircut. He's a pisser. But most of the show last night was pretty serious. I mean, he had a lot of funny jokes about the experience, but then he brought out all the doctors and the nurses and all the people that he brought all the people. Oh yeah, one by one. Went with his regular physician, then a heart specialist, then he had the surgeons that did the operation. He even had this fat nurse that bathed him after the operation. Uh-oh. And I gotta admit, it was pretty intense because my dad went through that whole thing about six, seven years ago. Yeah? So in a slight way, I can understand what Dave was going through because at one point, you know, he announced them all and then he choked up. When was the last time you saw David Letterman choke up? Never. He's never serious. Never. But he almost cried last night on TV. Oh no, not Corky Letterman. Come on, man. There are certain people. Do we have that clip? It's getting out of control. We have that clip. Get Rick. What happened to hiding your emotions? Hold it back until you turn it into a goddamn serial killer. Man, it's not getting out of control. He had a quintuple bypass, man. It turns out that he had like a, like he described it, a grenade in his chest. He could have died at any minute. A grenade? That's what they're saying. I mean, the left artery there, one of the main ones there, he calls it the con-ed of the body. The con-ed? Yeah, you need that one. The aorta? He says that the doctor said that it could have pretty much burst at any day. Oh, that's wonderful. And the morning before the operation, he ran six miles because he didn't know that he was going to have this huge surgery. So he finally, you know, introduces all the doctors and stuff. And then he basically said, I want to thank these guys for saving my life. And he was all choked up. Hey, Rick, we got the Letterman clip. Whoa. Corky Dave. What do you got in the other room? Corky Letterman. No. Where is it? You hit. So it was five weeks ago today that these men and women right here saved my life. And. But the point is, that's not the big deal. They do it several times a day. They do it hundreds of times a year. And when you're going through this, you think to yourself, I'm never going to be able to get through this. But you do get through it. And the reason you get through it is because these people get you through it. If you ever have to have this surgery by God, I hope you're blessed enough to go through it with people like these. That's pretty much it. Wow. It was all choked up. These people are crazy. I don't know why you had to have Robin Williams on last night, though. He's like the court jester. He has to just be funny. He's there to cheer Dave up and make him forget that he even had the surgery, I'm sure, by his fantastic comedy. He was dressed up as a doctor and he was making no sense. Look at the doctor. Stethoscope. Look. Hello. Hello. He's in his own little world. Look how hairy my hands are. He made some hairy jokes. Because Letterman said they pretty much shaved you completely down there. They need a weed backer for me. Basically. Stethoscope. Look, I'm a doctor. It took him two days. One more clip. Nanu nanu. Is this the clip of Robin Williams? Ladies and gentlemen, Robin Williams. Yeah. The incomparable. He's so funny. Before we begin the penal reduction. All right, Dave, everything okay? We just brought this in case something happened. Things are okay. People at CBS are tracking you. I got some stuff here. Hold on. Let's see what we brought for you. A little goodie bag. Hold on one second. Got to open this thing. Hey, wouldn't this be great in an emergency? I can't help you. Wait, Michael Jackson. Oh, no. Yeah. Oh, wait. Oh, we got another thing in here. Oh, some sperm from David Crossby. Okay, let's put that down for a little bit. Oh, wait. And one of shears with. Whatever you want to do. Thank you very much for coming in. It means a lot to me that you would do this. It's just nice to have you back. Thanks, Dad. That'll wear off. I know. Aren't you glad you didn't see this at the surgery? Hey, Dave, it's me. They just thought it'd be real funny. Hold on. I'm over here with the anesthesiologist. Give me that. Boy, that guy. That was amazing. You had all those doctors up here and not a single beaver went off. It is, right? I gotta go. I gotta make a tea. And our senior was sitting at home going, damn. He's back. I asked you, Lord, I asked you. Oh, not the preacher thing. I have a doctor who is a combination of proctologist and neurologist. And it's a little scary because he says, turn your head and fart, which is sick. You know. For those of you playing the home game. I mean, I haven't had any. I'm closed captioning now. Closed captioning? Maybe I'm having. David's back. David's back. So they just said, what did you get, a Quinella? No. I got a. You had an M.G. Dickinson. M.G. Dickinson. I said, why did we do five bypasses? Hey, let's just throw an extra one in, my friend. We're running a special. Hey, come on. But they shaved you up like a lab monkey. Oh, they go. Oh, yeah. It would be two days with me. A few days, guys. Working around the clock. I'm sorry, Mr. Williams, we're going to have to take a lunch break. The surgeon, the guy's got a burn on me. I didn't mean to make it come, but it's taking these off too. Oh, yeah. Oh, there you have it. The very unfunny Robin Williams. Kind of wrecked the show yesterday. I enjoyed the rest of the Lederman show last night, but Robin Williams. The whole crowd is laughing. They think everything he says is funny. Well, he comes running out and he's so full of energy and so manic. It's amazing. And people just think anything out of his mouth is funny, so they'll laugh. What was that? What did you have? Huh? What? What did he say? Oh, I better laugh. Everyone around me is laughing. Woo, Robin. This guy's a genius. Remember Young Comedians Special in 1978? God, he had me rolling. What do you do after that? My stethoscope. No, no, no, no. Look, I'm a penis doctor. And then like he won't do it with like, I don't even know what that means. It was stupid. Michael Jackson and Cher jokes. How dated does he sound? He had a little cooler. You know, the coolers they used to like transport hearts and stuff. He was making believe there were body parts in there and they thought that would be funny. Yeah, but it's funny that like Michael Jackson and Cher jokes. Yeah, those are a little dated. I was like, you know, hey, how about that Madonna? Hey, huh? Hey, look at this here. It's Barbie Benton. I got to tell you, boy, I love that Barbie Benton. Hey, how about that Brooke Seals? You know, it's like Michael Jackson. Are you done? Why couldn't Letterman's heart be okay and Robin Williams have the heart problem? Look, look, I'm dying. No, no. Shazma. I'm taking my own temperature. The old fashioned way. Now I'm going to grow a beard and be serious. Yeah, then he gets an acting job. No, I'm fine, Robin. You grow the beard when you have a serious role. Serious role, grow the beard. Figure it out for yourself at home, kids. Awakenings. Beard, beard. All right. What was the one with Mrs. Doubtfire? Mrs. Doubtfire. No beard. Goodwill Hunting. Beard. Morgan Mendy, of course. No beard. Hatch Adams. Hatch Adams. Paul from Inwood. He's writing on the answer feedback. I think Dave banged the fat Puerto Rican nurse. He was really, really nice to that lady. Yeah? Well, because she had to like, you know, bathe him after the operation. You think Lena was bummed in just a little way? If it wasn't for that hot dog, then I would have been number one for sure. You know? I mean, you got to thank you for something in him going, if he would have died, you know. No, it's a good fight anymore. You know, I got to say something. You know, when we go after Howard, we're called, you know, we're not team players and stuff. You don't know the crap we take. It's amazing. If we mention Howard too much on this show, we catch crap from the upper echelon of the CBS Corporation. Because Howard goes right to the big boss and talks about us and cries. That's a fact. Yeah, we get in trouble and like things are taken away from us and our syndication deal is put on hold and stuff because we're told we're not team players. And I don't care. All the Howard, like, you know, we listen to Howard. We've talked about this in the past. That's great and everything. And if you're one of those hardcore fans that just want to bash, fine, feel free. Who cares? But this is fact. This isn't some made up thing in our own head. This has happened. We talk about him. We get crap because they call us up. Usually when we talk about it, it's because we're defending ourselves. Because he, you know, he makes fun of us and stuff. So we fight back and then we get in trouble with the company, right? Yes. Because we're not team players. Not team players. That's the key phrase. David Letterman's biggest night of his career last night. And Howard goes on Leno. But we're called, you know, not team players. And starts bashing them. And bashes Letterman. CBS is a big late night franchise, The Late Show. And Howard's on NBC bashing CBS. And we're called, not team players. But we catch hell if we do one. Boo hoo hoo. Boo hoo hoo. Boo hoo hoo. That's right, Robin. Boo hoo hoo. Let's go to Jay. Jay, what's up? Hey, what's going on, guys? I see they didn't fix the phones. Yeah, what's up, Jay? Hey, what's going on? You know, Letterman's show last night, you know, usually that trivia, you know, when people come back and stuff, it's pretty gay. But that was awesome. I think this is definitely going to be the turning point when he steals back the ratings from Leno. You know what? I'm going to be watching every day this week. Definitely. And he's got the filling host on Tuesday and Thursday. Well, they got, they got... Yeah, the Cosms. They got Cosby hosting tonight. Yeah, that should be a disaster. That would be fun to tune in tonight. No, my pal Adam is supposed to be on tonight. Oh, I didn't know that. We just found out Adam Farrar, Anthony's childhood friend, good friend of the radio show here, is going to be on Letterman tonight with Cosby as the guest host. Some good friend the bastard doesn't even call. Say he's going to be on? Because he doesn't want us to jinx it. No. Oh, is that it? But he does know us too well. But I guess Adam Farrar is going to be on Letterman tonight. Yeah. I saw Leno last night though. It was the return of Corky Stern. I know you don't want to talk about him or anything. Nah, whatever. I thought Howard's appearance on Leno was pretty boring. Yeah, he's done much better in the past. Yeah, what happened on the old, you know, Howard would go on the shows and it would just, he'd take over and it was kind of cool and stuff and funny. And this one was like Hollywood Howie pitching his new TV shows. Yeah. How will that happen? But watch Letterman tonight, Adam Farrar. And then Thursday the guest host is, oh God, Kathy Lee. Oh no. Kathy Lee Gifford. Oh no. Is guest hosting Thursday. That's going to be a disaster. But I thought Dave was all bitter. What happened? Why do we have to see Kathy Lee? Dave's going to be back tomorrow night though. Yeah. With Julia Roberts. So what is he just stopping once a week? He's going to do either two or three nights a week. But they're not really sure. That's pretty cool. He might do Friday show as well. I like the guest host thing. Like they used to do with Carson years ago. Remember that? But they've got to have good guest hosts. I mean, they can't get Jon Stewart. I think comedy stars will understand if Dave needs Jon Stewart to fill in one night. They would absolutely not let Jon Stewart do that. Well, instead they get Kathy Lee Gifford instead of Jon. Jon Stewart's been doing very well for Comedy Central. You think they're going to let him even get a taste of Network TV? Huh. They've got to keep him down. You put Jon Stewart on there. You put Seinfeld on there. Keep him like a beaten dog. Not Kathy Lee Gifford. Yeah. She promises a great show Thursday. Yeah. She promises something that has never been seen on Network TV. She's going to show her gash. Now that would be something to tune into. A balloon knot. See where Cody came sliding out of. God damn wet and wild is what that thing is, I bet. At this point Giff's old prune making the rounds on that thing every week or so. Oh, opens up like a slip and slide. Speaking of Cody, I got to admit, I watch Regis and Kathy Lee every morning so I can yell at them. Of course. No, I yell at the TV. I can't take this, Hor. And Sandy takes the remote and changes the station because I just yell. Because I hate Kathy Lee. You see, Regis gets so pissed. I know everyone hates her and it's so, you know, it's so into hate her, but I truly hate her. Well, there is a reason why everyone hates her. And Regis will sit there. He'll tell a story about, you know, how I was at Notre Dame this weekend. It was fabulous. I got pictures. You know, and he'll go through a story and stuff and it's mildly entertaining. And then Kathy Lee comes on and starts talking about her kids. Regis, you see him, he goes right for his coffee cup. It's like a crutch. And he looks away. He looks away, grabs his coffee cup, and you just know he's thinking, oh, this twat! I'm on one of the most successful TV shows in history! Who wants to be a millionaire? And I still got to deal with this twat! Gelman, get me a new twat! I've had it! I can't take it anymore. It ain't babbling about those two retards, those two mongoloid children, and that old bag husband of hers! There's going to be some good TV watching on Friday though, because Cody's going to be out reading this. What? Playing the piano. Oh my God, is she out of her mind? They haven't had Cody on since he dressed up like a patriot and sung. Is he 22? Is he 22 or 23? Did you see the show when he came out to sing and he forgot the words and he was dressed up like a little gay patriot? Oh my God. He's coming back Friday. That is some great viewing when he comes on that show. She's beaming and Regis just rags him the whole time. He couldn't remember the words! He's a little mongoloid! Look at him! He's a Todd! And you know Frank, Frank is wishing there was some testosterone in his son. Oh my God, I know. Frank, the big football hero is praying that his son is going to be a football player. Well with the coddling that he gets from Cathy Lee, he's destined to be a homo. I'm just going to say, if he does play football, the only position he's going to play is wide receiver. Cathy Lee! Look, you've got yourself a little Pada Puff! He's a marshmallow, a rope swallower, a faggala, a butt pirate! Look at him! Let's go to Mike. Mike! Hey, how you doing? You guys are going to hear this all afternoon long when the phones suck. Someone around here will get the hint and tweak the phones and make them work again. Mike, what's up? I was watching Good Morning America this morning, right? Yeah. And Cathy Lee's sitting there, she's like, oh, my button popped! Then she buttons up her pants, she's like, oh, there it goes again! Oh, yeah. And the penis to pop out or something. Yeah, the button on her pants kept unbuttoning. Yeah. It's probably because of that huge Montana crotch rat in her pants. Can't hold back that Jiffy Pop popcorn thing. Look at that travel! No, galment. It got grown in her panties. It's pulled up like a sleeping bag and I guess the tie broke or something. Yeah, you know, she probably doesn't keep it well groomed down there. Joe Lyons from Comedy Central. Hey! Joey! Hey, what's up, guys? Why isn't John Stewart guest hosting Letterman? I don't know, I guess they would have to ask him. That's brilliant. We would let him, of course we would. I think you guys would let him. Great PR, man. Of course. I don't know. You guys keep him down like a dog. Not at all. You know something? He had a taste of regular network television. He did very well. I thought he was hysterically funny, but the show got canceled. So you guys used that to your advantage to get him to do this show under the safety of cable television where ratings are secondary. And then he's doing very well now and I think he could successfully make it to the top of the charts. He could successfully make the jump to late night network television. I don't disagree with you. You keep him on a tight leash, don't you? He had to deal with World Wide Pants for over a year. Yeah, he had a development deal. Yeah, he was there for a while. He had a development deal with Letterman's Peeps. Hey, what were you going to say, Joey? On the CBS site, on the CBS Late Show site, it says that it's Dane Cook, not Adam. Really? In the paper today it says... It says Bill Cosby with Heidi Klum, Vince Carter, some Dr. Mahone and Dane Cook. How come in the newspaper it says Adam? I have no idea. I'm just pointing out the difference. Dane's funny, but I don't know. Dane Cook is really funny. We had Dane on our show. Yeah, he's not my pal. But in the paper it says Adam Farrar. Yeah, I know and I was looking at an online site too. They might have changed it the last minute or something. Call Adam, get him on the phone. Thank you, Joe, before he was even booked. He's bumped out of the paper. What bastard. We've got to get to the bottom of that. We have Adam's home number, right? Yeah. Let's give him a call. We could call him up. Alright, we've got to take another break. Yeah. If you want in on the radio show, I'm just looking at the phones. Nothing to really go to right now. Phone line 212-757-1027. We'll regroup and we'll be back. Stay there. Alright, here it comes. Anthony is evil, but Opie is worse than Hitler. We're up to a flying start here on the Opie and Cruel and Inhuman show. 1027-WNEW. Opie and Anthony. There's no level 2-0 that you guys want to take to. This is a bottle. Stop. 1027-WNEW. Hey, it's the Opie and Anthony show. Korn playing April 1st at the Continental Arena. April 8th at Nassau Coliseum. If you've never seen Korn, you've got to check them out. Unbelievable live show. I've been jamming the issue CD. Yeah. And my CD Walkman on the train. I've been playing a lot of the Kid Rock. That one. Devil without a cause, I'm going platinum. You like the Kid Rock? Yeah. I really like that Kid Rock album. I like it. I don't think he's got much longevity in the biz, let's say. But I like the sound of the album. Why would you say that? I don't know. It's the type of product I don't think you could consistently pump out album after album of. Well, that's the curse of being in today's music. You're only good for a couple CDs and you're done. There's no Zeppelin's or The Who's or anything like that where every year you're pumping out an album that sells as good as the last. Well, Korn's showing a little longevity right now. Yeah, a little bit. We'll have to wait and see what they pump out next. You know, the Peppers, the Peppers Fighters, the Foo Fighters, the Foo Fighters, big time Foo Fighters themselves. I thought that was going to be a one disc and they're out of here. What? Nirvana's drummer? What? Yeah, and now look, he's more popular than he ever was. Big man on campus, yeah. And Foo Fighters get to that point where they're more popular than Nirvana ever was. Yeah. Getting there, I said. I know that's a debate we could argue for the next two hours. I'm down. I'm down. Okay, Mr. Pushups. But yeah, the Kid Rock thing, like I said, love the album, but I don't think, I don't know. Yeah. I don't know. That stuff, it kind of, it could get old real fast, you know what I mean? Speaking of albums, Michael Hutchins solo album comes out today. Oh, really? I hate... How's he doing? I hate listening to dead guys. And that's... It really bothers me. Yeah. I mean, I'm a huge Nirvana fan. I have a tough time listening to Kurt. Yeah. I still do it. I mean, you can listen to the Hendrix and, you know, like the old school, as they like to say. But I don't know, like Michael Hutchins, I mean, his body's barely cold and he's got a new album out today, a solo album. Dude, you know what's worse though than listening to old Nirvana is when you tune in SNL and Nirvana was on, you watch Saturday Night Live and see like Kurt singing and stuff, that's hard to watch. That's kind of creepy and stuff. It's like, ah, you ass. It's a bummer. You blow it. I wonder what Nirvana would have been if Kurt would have survived. Yeah, well, speculate forever. I'm sure Dave Grohl doesn't care. Your buddy Kid Rock's going to perform on the Grammys tomorrow. My buddy? It's not my buddy. We'd like the Kid Rock, right? Yeah. And Carlos Santana, Anthony, we want to... Carlos Santana, we want to get to that story. What, his uncle was a kid toucher when he was growing up? I don't know if it was his uncle. Well, what does it say? I just said that. He just said he was a molester. Of course, the song that's up for a Grammy, a few Grammys. Yeah. I'm see-be-as-ever! Yeah. I could give you a little extra if you want to do that. It's too late now. Past the post. Yeah, so he's coming... I don't know why he picked now to come out and say that he was molested as a child, but he said he had counseling and he's free from guilt and shame, and he's up for 10 Grammys. 10 Grammys! And he's coming out with this now. It just seems the timing's a little odd. Now, what's the story? Why didn't he come out on the stage of Woodstock and say this? You know? What's the story, though? Someone touched his pee-pee or what? It just says he was molested as a child. Yeah, for a couple of years when he was a kid, and it makes him feel uncomfortable, but he's over it. It doesn't say who, what, where, when or anything. Yeah. Someone had instant feedback when we talked about it earlier. It says, is he Cuban? Because that's just part of their culture. And no, I don't think so. It took him 35 years to get nominated, Anthony. He's going to sweep the Grammys tomorrow. Do you think so? He is the favorite. Everyone says that he's going to take it all. He's going to win everything tomorrow. Him, the song. He didn't write that song, though, you know. Did Rob Thomas write it? He's part writer in that, yes. With another guy. And then I love when the Grammys come around because you realize what phonies some of these people are. Like Ricky Martin, Living La Vida Loca. He didn't write that song. And you realize when the Grammys come around, because, okay, best song, Living La Vida Loca, written by Alphomodoublabla. It's like, what? That's not Ricky Martin. He didn't write the goddamn thing. Yeah, that's up for record of the year. There's a couple of them like that. Album of the year. It is just pathetic what music has become today. Album of the year. Backstreet Boys. Dixie Chicks. The Chixie Dicks. Diana Krall. Don't even know who she is. I have no clue. Santana and then TLC. Britney Spears is up for one. Isn't she, Britney? Did you see her little Sunday layout in the Sunday Daily News TV section, I think it was? One of those, like the magazine section that they have in the Daily News? I missed that. Special bonus poster. Yeah, special boner poster maybe. She's got those big cans of hers out. Her lips are just like, I swear to God, it looks like she had just been with a guy. She's got lips. Hummer lips. She has, they're all engorged and just glazed over with some product. I don't know what the hell is going on. She's got, of course, the belly showing. I love Hummer lips. God, is that the biggest turn on the big full-lips? And then she's telling, you know, she's 18 now. I know. Just had her birthday. She's totally legal now. We could get her in Playboy officially. Yeah. And things that she collects. You want to feel old? Why? She was born in 1982. Oh my God. You feel old. It's only three years before my girlfriend. That's nuts. Yeah, she says in that article, she collects diamonds. Well, there's something any 18-year-old can relate to. Right. She's collecting diamonds. Fantastic, Brittany. And then she also says she will never pose in Playboy. Someone asked her now that she's a little old. Let me tell you something about the first two years in Playboy. If that next album comes out and it tanks, she'll be naked in Playboy. Absolutely. Guaranteed. She'll be hoping for Playboy. I'm praying that the next album tanks so we get her in Playboy while she's still nice and tight. Yeah. Because she'll be in Playboy eventually. I hate when they do that. Yeah, they're 18, 19 years old, don't want to do Playboy. All of a sudden their career is gone. They're in their 30s and they decide now they're going to strip? Yeah. Take it back. I hope her album tanks so bad, Playboy passes her right by and she's got to go right to swank. I want to see her in swank. I want beef curtains. Let me give you a swank. I'm going to give you a swank pose. Not the swank pose. I hate when you do that, man. Leg up on the console. The swank pose. The swank pose. Right to swank. Right to the let's see what Britney had for lunch pose. Can't wait to see her on the Grammys tomorrow though. Oh yeah. All right. Is she performing? I would think so. That's probably a big attention getter. I would assume so, sure. Well actually, Ben gave me the list of performers at the Grammys here. Let's run through them, Opie. Oh wait, where's the performers list, Ben? Britney. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Britney's got to perform, right? She is. She is performing. With her little headset mic on. All right. So she can massage her cans while she's saying, rubs her belly and stuff. Yeah. God, every time I had that remote control and I passed by the Nickelodeon channel, got to stop. Yeah. They show the Britney Spears cover. No, this is the other one. Oh, it wasn't? No, she still has the belly shirt and stuff. I thought it was from the Nickelodeon, that award show, where she went on and she's performing in front of a bunch of 10 year olds. And her nips look like pencil erasers. Like two thumbs. That's classic. Billy Bardy's fingers. Yeah, Britney Spears will be performing tomorrow, man. Oh cool. Oh, I'm going to have to go to the bathroom. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom. I'm going to have to go to the bathroom. Billy Bardy's fingers. Yeah, Britney Spears will be performing tomorrow, man. Oh cool. I'm trying to see... What about the Backstreet Boys or NSYNC? Of course they're performing. The only one I want to see tomorrow... There's only three people I want to see perform tomorrow. Backstreet... No, just kidding. Sting, Santana... What's Sting going to be doing? Kid Rock and Britney Spears performing. So they don't tell you what? Well, Sting's latest album is doing really, really well. Yeah, he'll probably perform one from there. Has Puffy copped any lines off of his new music yet to change it to millions of dollars for Puffy? Give him a couple more months and he'll have something going on with that, I'm sure. Ben from Jersey, I saw the poster for about two seconds before I put a map of Alaska on it. Talking about the Britney Spears in the Sunday paper. So, thing rocked. Very good. Keep the instant feedback going. We finally figured out a system where we could read all the instant feedbacks. Yeah, it got a little crazier since we've gone all talk, you know? Yeah. Speaking of Backstreet Boys and NSYNC, kudos to Carson Daly this weekend on MTV. He was running, believe me, I don't give him kudos very often. He was doing this lame ass win a date with NSYNC and he had to deal with these little teeny boppers who'd come running out on stage and answer questions and tell why they want to go on a date with all five NSYNC band members. For what? A gangbang? An NSYNC gangbang? Ow! I thought this was going to be fun! It hurts! It hurts! So, Carson, inadvertently... I thought we were going out for ice cream or a little roller skating. I thought we were going to play air hockey and get a float! Why? Oh! Oh! That's the one I want to say. I thought we were going bowling! Oh, you seem like such nice boys in the magazines! Ow! Ow! Ow! I'm bleeding! Oh my lord! Why? You don't know from where! But, Carson calls them NSYNC. NSYNC? NSYNC! Right on stage in front of them! And the whole crowd's like, boo, boo! Bunch of little teeny boppers. And he's like, what? It was a slip! I made a mistake! And then NSYNC starts giving him... starts razzin' him back, calling him NSYNC. He's like, ah, you be quiet. You want your next song to be on Total Request Live, just shut up. You can tell he just did not want to be there and deal with that. Like he says, he's buddies with Kid Rock and stuff. You think Kid Rock calls up and goes, ooh, how was NSYNC? Were they fun to hang with? Or like totally razzin' his ass? You fag! Did you get one? What a day with NSYNC! NSYNC! Oh, this is good! I'm going to go out for ice skates! Why are you playing cards in my bag? Ow! Why are you grabbing at my little nubs? The doctor never put anything in there! Oh! What? So wrong. I look like I could play his doughnut. That's a stupid contest though, bud. It really is. They all come, they come running out on a stage. I was hypnotized by it. Like I turned it on, I'm like, what the hell is this? They go, okay, I'm now from Buena Park, California. It's candy! And she comes running out, wah! Just screaming and jumping, her pigtails are flying. I love the take! I don't want to go on a date! What the fuck? What do you think is going to happen? And they all propose to me! We're all living together in a big house, the vibe is just me! It's great! They don't have sex with me, but I get the money and I get all their pictures and it's retarded! And I go, wah, wah! Adam Ferraro, not on Letterman. Hello, hello, hello! Hello! Adam Ferraro, everyone! Adam! Hi, you guys! Hey, pal! What's happening, champ? I don't know, where are you? I'm in LA. All right, then it must be a misprint. Unless you're on Leonard. They actually called me to do it, but I have to go test for something, so I couldn't do it. What are you testing for, Hospitaliano? That's the sequel to the Olive Garden commercial for all the unsolved questions? I cannot wait till I get another job so we can move the ball breaking up to a new level. What are you testing for, pal? I'm not telling you, I don't want to jinx nothing. Yeah, that's a good thing on this show. Don't tell us crap. How you doing? I'm doing good, my friend. How are you? Very well. Having fun? Doing well, Adam? Yeah, you made the paper today, man. It says that you're going to be on it. I know, well, they called me and I would love to do it, but I've got to go do this other thing, so they're going to reschedule me. The word on the street is March. Wouldn't have been with Dave anyway. Would have been with the Gazer. With the Gazer, man. I was doing it to stand in for Dave. His heart's a little fiddled fatter. I understand you had some blockage. Too much jello pudding. And the blockage. My wife, Camille, told me about blockage. We had to clean out the blockage. What you don't want, Dave, is blockage. It's like his heart was trying to pump jello pudding through the veins. That's what it was. I told Albert, you're too fat. You're going to get some blockage. Yeah, a very special fat Albert. Fat Albert gets a quadruple bypass. On a very special cost. With the doctor hub-bub-ub-ub-ub-ub-ub-ub-ub. Albert, I've been told that you stopped eating the pork of rice. Look-a-bub-a-ba-di-a-bub-a-cholesterol-bub-a-bub. Your cholesterol is like a jar of mayonnaise. We can make a new heart out of this radiator. And a bicycle pump. It's angioplasty. Angioplasty? This ain't no place for you. A little ventricular tachycardia. Albert, you forgot to tuck in your Ava Orva. Get the jaws of life. We've got to crack his chest. They got to crack open my ribs. Who said ribs? How much the ribs? All right, you're not on, huh? No, I'm not. I'm actually... What are you doing this weekend? This weekend? You're going to be in New York? I've got to come in late Thursday, so I'll be around. Where are you playing? I'm not playing. I've got to go in for this other thing. What other thing? I can't tell you. Italians don't like to give away information. Oh, it's one of these things you're testing for. Sure. Sure. LA, New York test stand. It's not a water filtration system sales pitch, is it? No, it's not. But let me ask you something. Do you know cleaning products are a very lucrative thing? I'm coming in for an Amway meter. I've got to come in and I want to talk to you. Someone's going to show me the program. Somebody put aside. Now, people don't plan to fail. They fail to plan. You dick. Let me tell you something. Banks crash all the time. People will always need water. They always got to eat. They got to drink and they got to clean. Ah, you ass. Hey, dad. If the financial system falls, it's Germany before Hitler and nobody wants that. Well, if you're going to be in New York, we'll hook up for something. Yeah, I want to get a hold of you. I got to talk to you off the air. I want to hear what this is so I can blab it out over the air. I know you. Nah. All right, Adam. All right, pal, hold on. It's like talking to you and telling you to keep it secret. Why? Remember Blazing Saddles when the old woman came to deliver the pie? Yeah. I hope you have a good taste not to speak about this to others. That's so true. All right, Adam, hold on the line, all right? All right, pal. Adam Farrar, everyone. Oh, yeah. Live from LA. He will not be on Letterman tonight. No. Little misprint in the paper. He had it back out of that. He would have been funny. Yes, he would have been. Let's take a break. We'll be back. Opie and Anthony. Jack, can we get these illiterates off the air, please? Please, suck. If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen. 1027 WNEW. Opie and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. I've been away for a while. While I was gone, I had been coupled with my past surgery on my heart. Plus, I got a haircut. Letterman from last night, of course. I still think they should have sent out like a 90-year-old man in a wheelchair just to roll out. Now, David Letterman, and just have him like... They should have got Bob Hope. He's not doing anything. Have Bob Hope in a wheelchair? He looks so bad. He's on all the tablets now. They're saying that it's just a matter of days before Bob Hope joins every friend he's ever had. They've been saying that for years with Bob Hope. Yeah, but you know something? When they end up in the Enquirer and stuff... The Enquirer is always right. It's usually right. You think that he did write a bunch of BS stuff, but he's always right. He's always right. He's always right. He's always right. He's always right. He's always right. You think that he did write a bunch of BS stories, but they're always right when it comes to celebrities dying. Remember Dean Martin? They had the picture of him when he was crapping himself and everything, and said it would be like a matter of days. What happened like a week later? Boom, dead. Done. Well, Jimmy Stewart is another one. Goodbye, everybody. Goodbye, Emporium. Bye, savings loan. And there he was, dead. Dead. Without his wig on. They showed him the last shot they had of him coming out of his house after he fell in the bathtub. That's what happens to all the old people. With the big huge liver spots on his head. Yeah, the big liver spots on his head. I swear it was that asshead alien from Star Trek head. It was that size, full of liver spots. That's not how you want to remember Jimmy Stewart, though, you know? I don't want to remember. It was a wonderful life. And Charles Lindbergh's story. Which way? I'll go! Hey! I didn't know you could think Jimmy Stewart. I didn't either. That's clever. And then, who else died like that? George Burns. Can you stutter like Jimmy Stewart? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I don't know. George Burns, same thing. He slipped in the bathtub. They all slipped. Old people don't bathe. We don't care if you stink. The second they hop in a bathtub, it's the end for them. Their hips crack like graham crackers. Oh, this is horrible. So you're saying Bob Hope very soon, huh? Yeah, I would think so. He looks like Mr. Freeze right now. My eyes, I got chat-meet-contact lenses. His eyes are so red. He's got like rat eyes now. It's not even a joke. Hey, it's Bob. I'm a rat home for Texaco. How do your eyes get that red? Like his eyelids are like turned inside out or something. Someone pump Texaco gasoline in my eyes. Grr, I can't tell Chiro from Butch Zil. By the way, we are live today. I think people think we're still on a long weekend. Is that what it is? It's Tuesday. Yeah. It's Humber Tuesday. Give us a call, 212-757-1027. Fax line, 212-957-9639. You know, every day, Anthony, it's gotten to the point with our radio show that people just kind of show up to say hi. And they try to get into the studio. Yeah, they do. Well, Rick's upstairs with a couple guys. I don't think we can let these guys in. Why? Who are they? We'll explain in a minute. Hey, Rick. Guys. What's going on? What's happening? All right, Rick's upstairs. I'm upstairs with the two guys that just kind of strolled up. I guess, I guess, are high school kids on vacation this week or something? Yeah, it's winter break. Oh, it is? Yeah. That explains Nick and Colin showing up. All right. One's from New York, one's from New Jersey, I guess. I've got a few guys that I've got to go to some gifts. Gifts. What kind of gifts? Can I say what kind of gifts? You know what kind of gifts. A beer? Several. Pot? And how old are these kids? They're beneath the legal age. Oh, great. Who sold them beer? Geez, man. Yeah, put them on the phone. I want to see. I've kept them behind the glass for right now until I got clearance from you guys to let them in. Come here, guys. Well, let's just talk to them on the phone. I want to see how a 17-year-old kid gets beer these days. Right. Who bought the beer? Because we used to have to hang outside like 7-Eleven and hope one of those cooler, older kids, because the drinking age was 18 back then, would just get us the beer. Was it you or did you? Okay, Colin, come here. Here's Colin. He's the guy who says he bought the beer. What's up? Colin? Yeah. It's Opie and Anthony. We got you on the air, man. Hey, what's up? How'd you get your beer? I walked into some shop and just paid for it. Did they know you were underage? No, I had an ID. Ah, the old fake ID. You got the fake ID working? Yeah. Where did you get it? Somewhere on 8th Avenue. It's a little decrepit shop. God damn, they're still doing that in Times Square area? Yeah. And what was obviously the person behind the counter was not an American? No, he was a Bindi. That is hilarious. We used to get our fake IDs in Times Square when we were growing up. I didn't get the ID in Times Square. That's where I got the beer. Oh, really? Yeah, I borrowed the fake ID from my friend. Remember all those shops when we were growing up and you could get the fake IDs and stuff in Times Square area? Yeah. They never worked though. No. All right, well do you look 21 I guess or the guy just didn't care? I don't think the guy, I mean I could pass maybe but the guy really didn't give a crap. Well, everyone on the phone lines is saying let the kids in. I think you should let us in too. God, we'd get screwed though, man. You guys brought beer, you're underage. Yeah. Maybe that... We walked. You know how far we walked? Nick's got like a broken leg. And you guys walked with beer through Manhattan? Yeah, we walked through. My back is killing me. All right, well leave the beer upstairs because I swear someone will try to crucify us. All right. Trust me, if you're at my place we'd share beer together, you know, but they have rules around here. All right. All right, get Rick. All right, Rick. Yeah. All right. Just leave the beer upstairs and have them come down and say hi. Okay. All right? Yeah. We'll get screwed if they bring the beer down here. You got it. Look at us showing responsibility. The boss is out of town. Yeah, what the hell is wrong with you guys? Oh my God, look at that. We could easily pull this one off today. You know why? We just don't want them drinking the beer so we have more for us. Yeah. Yeah. Rick, I think you're going to have to confiscate their beer. Yeah, definitely. Make sure you... Confiscate the beer. Put it in the evidence locker in our office. Okay. Yeah, the food fridge. It's marked food and beer fridge. And what's in the food fridge? Oh. Beer. Right. What's in the beer fridge? All right, Rick. We'll see you in a bit. All right. See you in a bit. All right, bye. Guests always trying to stop in. Hey, Chris, what's going on? Hey, what's going on, ONA? How are you? Good. You could make a fake ID on the PC. Yeah. Really? Yeah, the way PCs are now and printers. Oh my God, they're amazing. What you can do? Yeah, you just got the scanner. You scan your regular license in. You take out the part where it says under 21. You change the date. Yeah, you can change around the date, the names, pictures, everything. You can manipulate everything. You can manipulate everything. You can manipulate everything. You can manipulate everything. You can manipulate everything. Yeah, it's great. It's amazing. Does it look really good? Yeah. Yay. The only thing, you can't touch it, but the looks are great as long as they don't pull it out. As long as they don't pull it out of the thing? Yeah. Yeah, you just flash it in your wallet or something. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. God, we didn't have that when we were growing up. I knew some guy, Ope, some guy that actually printed out $100 bills on the printer. Some guy, wink, wink. You see that, right? Some guy, fronts and backs on a piece of crap printer. And obviously, you get a bunch of money, but you don't get a bunch of money. You don't get a bunch of money. You don't get a bunch of money. get over there. Look at these clowns. Hey, guys, what's up, man? Look at this. Guy's just stopping in, saying hi. Hi. Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? Hey, guys, what's up? So you brought some beer, huh? Yeah. Which one is? Has the fake ID? Yeah, I figured that. Let me check out the fake ID. You got a couple of years before that passes, dude. Yeah. You got any hair on your ass or anything? You got to see none on your face? Nothing. You couldn't get away with buying beer. No. Let's see that one. Doesn't even look like me. No. Told you, the guy in the vlog. Wait, let me see. That's not you. Let me see that thing. He's like white and this guy's like Dominican or something. Look at this. It's like the same nationality. That's horrible. Dude, that's sick. Someone sold you beer with this? Yeah. And what about this guy? Where's he? I have no idea who he is. You just had this made up? No, I got it from my friend. We got it from somebody. It's probably been passed down for generations. This poor guy's like probably dead. Wow. You don't know who this guy is? No idea who that guy is. That doesn't even look like you. Don't even come close to him. That's hysterical. Some Indian guy sold you beer? Yeah. That's great. I'm glad we confiscated that. I'm glad we confiscated that. I'm glad we confiscated that. I'm glad we confiscated that. I'm glad we confiscated that. That's great. I'm glad we confiscated that so these two can't get in any kind of trouble. Isn't that hysterical? Take your hat off. Look. It's like a hair. It's a little bouncer, man. It's not the same color hair. He's bald. You get into clubs with that thing? No, I only use it today. Really? Of course. You bat in a peltzer with it. It's like a picture of Black Earl. I know. It's like the furthest edge. That's nowhere near it, man. It looks like it. Wonderful. All right. All right, guys. Well, thanks for stopping in. Thanks for stopping in. All right. Thanks for the beer. That's always appreciated here at the show, especially after the show. Yeah. Because, you know, we can't drink during the show anymore. Just shots. What's up, Mark? Did you bring any weed? We'll go back out if we need it. Yeah, right. Let's get some underage guys to cop some weed for you. That won't get us in. We haven't been in enough trouble last week. Could you get some crack? I think we need some. Hey, Carrie, what's up? Hey, what's up? I'm going to go get some crack. I'm going to go get some crack. I'm going to go get some crack. I'm going to go get some crack. I'm going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. We're going to go get some crack. Alright, Carrie. These guys are saying you're lying. You're lying? Yeah. You're a liar. Why am I lying? Do you know what you can tax the kid about? The guy? No, you just tell him to get the beer. Yeah, yeah. We give him all the money and give him the list. Oh, hey mister. It's no difference. Yeah. Oh yeah, he does it. That's the way they got it. Oh yeah? That's how you get your beer? Yeah, why wouldn't he tell us? I don't know. It doesn't seem like something somebody would do. Yeah, well, you just get a couple kids and you can use the guy. What kids would you use to get crack out of a guy? Yeah. Jump out of the car and get the crack. How about that? There you go. Oh wow, that had to hurt. God damn, you see that one shell ripped right through his thorax? Took out all of his internal organs. Oh, and there goes the Apache toward the horizon. That never gets old. Let's go to Paul real fast. Paul, what's going on? Hey, Dumbly, what's happening? Did you check out the console? It's your biggest fan, Paul. I love this guy though. What's up, Paul? Let me try to get a clear signal here. No, you got a clear signal. All right, did you read the article on today's paper? Which one? There was a couple of them on each page. The one in the back there says Mason and Colizzi's gone and bringing some other douches up from Florida. Well, they don't have all their facts together in the paper. Let's just put it that way. But it's good to see that Steve is going to move on. Well, I hear he's becoming an intern for Scott Moody at the other station, you know? Steve's a nice guy, Susan a nice girl, but they really need to leave at this point. Right, and they also say that they're getting rid of Tom Likus or Lovelines. They don't know which one's got to go. We don't know who we're voting for, right? Come on, Paul, stay tuned. You got it. Hey, Dumbly, be good and catch you guys soon. All right, Paul. Later. Paul loves you, man. There will be some changes. The remodeling continues here at WNEW. But yeah, I guess Steve's saying he's going to be out by the end of March. Yeah, the radio message board just going crazy with the stories like how could they keep them on the air? Like you never hear about radio personalities giving notice or anything. Usually they're just gone and that's what happens. At this point they can't hurt us any worse, so you just might as well keep them there. Like they usually do that with personalities on the air that have an audience and they can do damage. Like if they know you're being fired and you're on the air, you could get on, lock the studio door and just do the F show all day long. Just say the F word over and over again. We're hoping Stephen Seward does the F show before they leave because then people at least will check it out. They might bump that up to a .6 by the time they leave. I mean, at this point if they decide not to show up for work because they know they're leaving and there's just dead air in the morning, that will get more ratings. Do you think dead air would get more ratings? Oh yeah, because people would tune in and they'd go, oh my God, dead air, something's going on. I'm just going to keep the dead air on until I find out what the hell's going on over there. You know what they should broadcast maybe? Maybe the sounds of waves or a brook. So you could put that on your radio in the morning and it like helps your sleep. That's not a bad idea. During the morning. That might work too. I'd give them a lot of credit for leaving. You gotta give them some credit. To save the ship. Because we only have about a year left, I'm telling you right now. Oh, we do? Well, we only have a little over a year left in our contract. Yeah. And by the end of that year, they're going to definitely reevaluate this place and decide what the hell to do. Isn't it amazing? We've been here 27 years. Or it just feels that way. But honestly, I think we only have about a year to turn this place around. And then I'm telling you, they'll make some drastic decision after that. N-E-W, polka, all day, all night. So I'm glad they're leaving so they'll give us a shot at trying to turn this place around. Yeah, I wish them the best. Everybody's speculating again, Opie. Will Opie and Anthony go to mornings? No. Will they go to mornings? I'm now saying yes. Oh, really? Yeah. Why not? Just mix up a little. All right, let's say this. Let's say now, yeah, we are. Because they'd like to quote us on the Internet and in the papers. Starting in a month, we'll be doing the morning show. Opie and Anthony, mornings. N-E-W. Radio Chick will be doing middays. Don and Mike from Washington will be doing... R-shift right now. Afternoons. And Ron and Fez will be doing nights. Nights. That's the new official lineup of N-E-W. Starting in a month. There you go. You got it. Run with it. Be the first to write about it in the paper. You heard it here from Opie and Anthony. Opie and Anthony, mornings. Radio Chick middays. Don and Mike afternoons. Ron and Fez nights. There you go. There's the lineup. There's the lineup. Carolina, they finally got us. They offered us so much money we couldn't turn it down. Yeah, we were just holding out for the big bud. That's all. Of course. I'm going to be clearing, I think, 30 grand. 30 G's, right? Yeah. I'm psyched. Nice. All right. Well, guys, thanks for stopping by. Yeah. Thanks, man. What kind of beard you bring? Bud. You rock. I love my bud. We like the bud. Cool. All right. We got to take a break. Someone wants to talk about the, who wants to marry a multimillionaire. Great little story in the paper today. Guy turns out to have a restraining order against him. Yeah, we'll get into that next. And whatever else you want to talk about. 212-757-1027. Opie. I'm all for violence sometimes. Anthony. Hey, you guys are a bunch of hoods. God, I want to punch you in the face. That'll leave a bruise. 1027-WNEW. Anthony Paizano of Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. You are Paizano. I was there last week, Anthony. Yeah. God damn, I forgot how good the food was there. It's great. I took a couple months off from Paizano for no real reason. I just... A couple of people in the neighborhood looking for you. Maybe you didn't want to go down there, Opie. No, I've just been really, really busy. Finally got down there last week and I'm like, man, why ain't I eating here every night of the week? It's great. Great food made from old world Italian recipes. Great food, great service, great atmosphere. Yeah. And I believe Joey's doing something right because we're walking down Mulberry. Yeah. And all those guys are outside. It's like 15 degrees out and they're all trying to drag in, right? They got their menus and their special board out on the sidewalk. Yeah. And they're like, come on, come on, come on, half price, half price or whatever, right? Yeah, they try to usher you into their places. And I'm like, no, I'm going to Paizano. Oh, the look of disgust on their faces. They get so pissed off. So if you are going to Paizano, make sure you say that to all the guys that's walking to Paizano. You walk past them and you hear them under their breath. Damn, Joey, Paizano. Damn, damn, damn. But I'm so sick everybody goes to a Paizano. And all the other restaurants where I'm not exaggerating, completely empty. I get to Paizano and there's a little festive atmosphere in there. Yeah. Nice crowd, not too crowded, not too empty, just right. It was during the week and we had a great, great dinner once again. Great dinner. That fried ravioli that you like that you came me on to. That ruins my dinner because I eat so much of that I get full and then I got to take dinner home because it is so good. You just pack out on that stuff. Fried ravioli, try it. Yeah. I want them to name it Anthony's Fried Ravioli. Could you do that, please, Joey? And the best part, Joey's got a new service too. Anthony's thick Italian sausage. Joey started like a taxi service too, man. What? If you're there and you're having a fine Italian meal and you need to go somewhere after dinner. Wait a minute, Ovi, this might just be for you. Oh, it's just for me? Oh, I thought he was doing it for everyone. What, did he personally drive you somewhere? See, I don't think he does that for everybody. Oh, I wish I could talk about Joey's ride. Hello. Oh, nice. Oh, sure. Yeah, so I had a great dinner and then I'm like, hey, Joey, I need to get to the Mercury Lounge. I'll drive you. He drove me there. Well, I wouldn't try that. But if you do tell him that Ovi and Anthony sent you, you'll get a free glass of wine, which is good. So then you drink the wine and you drive yourself home. All right, ask Joey about his taxi service. I'm really not sure if it's happening. I don't know. What are the rates for the first mile? He's that type of guy, you know. All right, well, ask him that. I asked you to see him in the restaurant. Say, Joey, I'm going somewhere. Can you drive me? I didn't think he was doing me a favor. I really just assumed this is what he does for all his, uh... Is there a meter in his wine ride? I don't know. Oh, boy. All right. All his customers, he drives in places. Okay, well, try it. I'm trying. Call Joey. Oh, boy. And Joey's, uh... Oh, I guess we can't announce anything yet. Joey's going to be a father soon. Oh, yeah? Soon. We'll announce it on the radio when it happens and then you can congratulate him when you go down to the Mercury Lounge. It's Paisano, Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. We really love this place. Give them a call. 965-1188. That's 965-1188. O.B.N. Anthony. We punish ignorance. Hey, ass, turn down your radio. 1027 WNEW. Goddamn, I'm wired. I had some coffee today, huh? Yeah, I don't drink coffee very often, okay? You know that. I had a large light and sweet. I'm like, I'm flying. I'm like on The Sims when they go to the espresso machine. What's your deal? You're out of town, you couldn't get the crystal meth before the show today? Yeah, that's it. I couldn't cop any crank. It's like, crystal meth or coffee, I guess I'm going to have to settle for the coffee. For the coffee. Well, Anthony, secret's out. Yeah? We're going to Mornings. Yeah, just hit the New York radio message boards. And they're very smart to report on that because I'm just tired of the speculation that keeps being knocked around on the Internet and in the newspaper, so we figured let's clear the air. I mean, Mason and Kalinsky pretty much announced their ad here. Yes. March 31st. 31st. At the latest. I guess they're going to pay him for a couple weeks. They ain't going to last until March 31st. There's speculation as to who will be coming to the show. Which positions are going to be jockeying around. And we have the official lineup. We're setting the record straight. It was in the daily news today. They were commenting about the rumors and stuff. And the lineup will be Opie and Anthony to Mornings. Got to get up early. Oh, no. Radio chick, mid-days. She's keeping the same hours. Donna and Mike doing afternoons. Godspeed, guys. We leave you our work over the past year and a half of building an audience here in the afternoon. Very popular duo from Washington. They do real well down there. We'll see what they do up here. Yeah. And Ron and Fez from Florida doing nights, Anthony. Mm-hmm. There you go. There you go. That's the line. We're announcing it on our show today. Where do I fit in? Come on! Let's go to Bob. Bob, you're next on Eddie W. What's up? You got it. How you doing? Good. I just want to let you guys know how you're going to bury Howard when you move to Mornings. Well, believe me, you don't stare at Mount Everest and go, hey, boy, that's an easy little hill. Let me just crank up there to trot. Yeah, let me take a nap before I start climbing. All right. When you're halfway there though, to top the sky. You're going to have to do the whole thing. Yeah. You're going to have to do the whole thing. You're going to have to do the whole thing. You're going to have to do the whole thing. Yeah. You're going to have to do the whole thing. All right. When you're halfway there though, to top is closer than you think. All right. Halfway. Halfway will be nice. All right. Thank you, Bob. All right. Good luck. Bye. All right. So there's the announcement, Anthony. There you go. All right. We've got Steve from the unofficial Opium Anthony website in the studio today. Hey. www.foundrymusic.com. You spell foundry, F-O-U-N-D-R-Y, music.com. I always thought that was an easy word. Evidently, it's not. Oh, it's a nightmare. It's a nightmare. Steve, I'm gaining respect for you by the day. I'm getting respect for you by the day. You are like a pioneer, like Jonas Salk, finding a vaccine. You actually found, now, but get this. There is, you know the game, The Sims that we've been into playing a lot of? Ha. Simulated families, lives that you place in houses that you build and you have to guide these people's lives or they might die or you could just kill them. Yes. Or you could just have fun and kill them. It turns out you played games with them before. Yeah. You know, you're the one who, you know, with the funny. It turns out you play god basically. You play god to these people. Yes. Well when they get naked in this game their bodies are cubed out, you know, digitally cubed out so you don't see them naked when they're taking a dump or showering or taking a bath. Which kind of pisses you off. You buy the game, you're an adult and you've got to look at this cubed out thing. So I heard stories that there were these patches, little program fixes that you could put into the sims program where they will be naked without the cubing. Steve researched this for I think 28 years. He was researching this and from all the info he got he said there is no such patch. Maxis, the people that put the game out, denied there even being a patch but you did say until someone comes up with one. Exactly. Amir, two days later my email mailbox, like 45 messages with attachments, found it Steve, found it. Here's the patch. So on the unofficial website is the patch to see the sims naked. Very nice. And I installed it, checked it out, it works perfectly. Had our little couple take a bath and there it was. One thing troubling for the guys though, no stuff, no junk. They're junkless. The girls have little boobies and the guys are junkless. Like a Ken doll. Yes. Very much so like a Ken doll. Poor guy. No genitalia. That was the most sought after patch though and Steve found it on the unofficial website www.foundgmusic.com. Yeah, you're like Magellan or something. I tell you, since we started talking about the sims all the computer stores are sold out of this damn game. We have people around here that have the game on order and stuff. They've been searching like four or five different places and they can't find the game. I'm at the point now where I built up a couple and I don't want to play it anymore because I don't want to wreck it. Like they're doing very well and I'll feel all guilty if they fall apart at some point. So I haven't even touched that particular couple. I did make one because you can download skins off of this thing. I downloaded a Captain Kirk skin and it looks just like Captain Kirk walking around this neighborhood for some reason. And I put him in a one room house where the bathroom is right next to the bedroom and there's no refrigerator. And you know what he does? He keeps knocking on the door of the couple next door to get food. It's the funniest thing. I'm hungry. I need food. Please, anything. Some soya brandy. Anything. I'm famished. That's classic. And we've heard from people that are trying to make skins that look like the people here on the show. Like you guys, yeah. Because you can download a program where you can make your own characters and even make the looks of them. So if you know what the people on the show look like from the pictures on the website, you can make your own skins. Since we've been talking about the Sims, the funniest discussion we've had is that kid on Friday, the normal kid, he was like what, 18, 19 years old? Yeah. Who is a serial killer in the Sims world? Yeah. Got it. I was talking about that with my brothers and friends this weekend. We were laughing so hard. You make a little death room. Right. And then you invite the people in the house. You call them over into the death room. You leave and then block the door with something and let them starve to death. And then you get a little tombstone. All you have to do is get them to walk out into the yard somewhere and pause the game and you wall them up. And they just sit there and they pee themselves and they cry and they die. There's another version of that. I was reading an email before the show today. A guy, he has the death room upstairs. The death room. So he walks the people upstairs and as soon as they get up there, he erases the stairs. That's right. So they're like peeking over the second floor and they can't get downstairs to eat and stuff and they die. Yeah. I've done that. I've got one house with one guy left in it and a whole bunch of tombstones out in the yard. There's ghosts that show up every couple minutes because so many people have died. This game is great. Yeah. And there's like a little death room with just urns and garbage in it because these people just, they go in, you know, you stick a fridge in there and you erase the fridge. So they have nowhere to go to the bathroom and nowhere to throw the trash. You know, we've all blown off our games to play The Sims. Yeah. And it's a huge half-lifer. I've been spending some time with the Tiger Wolf's, Tiger Wolf, Tiger Woods PlayStation game. Yeah. And now I'm blowing it all off to play The Sims. Yeah. I guess you're right. I got the kid the other day. Oh, you did? They dropped off a kid? What a pain in the ass. You got to like take care of it for three straight days and then it turns into like a regular child. Right. So I had crying all the time. Yeah. So I had ships going when one was sleeping, one was up. It was a pain in the ass. You can't imagine doing that in real life. They took mine away. Yeah. Yeah. There's guys that take it away from you. Irresponsible bastard. You can't even care for a digital kid. I was too busy watching the big screen TV. I was playing with the electric train. Exactly. Hey Nick, Yeah. I downloaded this patch. Yeah. And I can't get it to get on my computer. I was calling to see if you guys could tell me what I need to do, man. Do you know where to put it? No. Did you read the read me file? Yeah, that's right. There's a file in that little zipped package that tells you exactly where you have to put it. Okay, cool. Yeah. Yeah, do that, man. Hey Anthony. Yes. I called him before. I told you I'd get the ghost. Did you get it? Yeah. Yeah. Explain that again because that's kind of cool. You know what? You kill them, right? Right. And then you take the urn outside before anyone has a chance to mourn it. That's right. Yeah. And then a ghost appears. You get a ghost in your house. Cool. And you can make characters of people you know. Like I got my roommate and my friend made. And I'll have them come over and I'll be like, yo Darren, check this out. They'll look what? And I'll make them tickle my roommate and stuff and he freaks out. Jesus Christ. I got a quick dude. You're going to hug Jim now. You're going to hug Jim. He's like, no, no, don't do it, man. I'm like, oh yeah, look, I'm going to make a fall in love. Freaks out. Can that Spies and Earl fall in love, man? That's not what I was saying Jesus Christ about. Hey, turn around. Did I need to see that? I got to go. Jay Moore is showing his junk to everyone in the studio. Jay Moore is like, Jay Moore pulls his pants down. That's great, Jay. Thanks, man. We got to take a break. We're going to Jay Moore. His last day in New York. He's going to leave us for a long time. We're going to Vegas. We'll talk to him next. Stay there. What did you learn on the show? I learned how to function like an idiot without a high school diploma and getting a job in a radio. Get your head on your ass, Dad. Yeah, Dad. Put your head on your ass. That's a great movie. Yeah, Dad. Get your head on your ass. Jay Moore back in the studio. I have nothing to plug. I'm here out of love for the Opie and Anthony show. Thanks for finally throwing us a bone. You threw me about a hundred and thirty thousand bones. A hundred plugs does one show for free. That's not bad. You don't have any other gigs in New York, the area, Jersey, nowhere. Unless they're going to cover charge at the United Terminal. You're leaving tomorrow morning? Vegas. You're going to get a call. I'm doing this movie. Pay it forward. That's not a plug, by the way, because I didn't even start filming it. It'll be a while before it's out. Yeah, and it's straight to video. My luck, you know. Jay Moore, Great Rental. That's my name. Saturday, wanted to run a movie. I went for Suicide Kings. John, did they only have one copy? Blockbuster. Why do you run from Blockbuster? They edit out the masturbation scene in Bad Lieutenant because they don't think it's appropriate. Really? They do their own editing at Blockbuster? I'm going to do that. They're big Christians. Get on a mic. That sucks. Mike DeNicola. Yeah, they edit out the offensive scenes and the guy who owns it also contributes to Operation Rescue, the people who blow up the abortion clinic. Oh, nice. So do I. I supply the time and the health. And they have no porno. That's the big one. I don't go to Blockbuster. I don't feel good about walking into a video store that doesn't have that curtain. Over 21 only. I walk in there, fight a few rounds in the ceiling. Where's my porno? Yeah. Cueball Rag with an afro. Do you have to get a few legitimate videos before you go in there? No. Some tells me Jay Moore runs in and just goes right to the front. Where's the effing section? Yeah, Jay goes right for it. Where's the rocko stiffened re... I'm so shameless when it comes to the porno. I need teenage ass-horses. Yeah. Not as good as the book, by the way. No, it's so easy. Don't we got a little hairdo? I ain't got my hair cut. A little hairdo? I like it. Guys aren't supposed to notice other guys getting haircuts, Jay. Well, we know how gay I am. You know what? I swear to God, you're the first guy that noticed. No one said anything. No, we don't know. You know what happened? This is why I noticed. I was at Paisano's last night with a friend of mine. I was there last week. I saw the picture on the wall of you two. With the swan flip? You like the swan flip? Yeah, swan flip. And you had really long hair. Yeah. And then when I came in, your hair was noticeably shorter. All right. Yeah, sure. Okay. And it looks like you got your eyebrows done, too. Actually, she turned my eyebrows. Maybe I am gay. What is up with that, though? I don't know. Why did you get your eyebrows done? Hey, Stephen Lynch. Hey! Look at him. He's knocking. He's watching the movie. What are you doing out there? He's watching the movie. Stephen Lynch and me were in Boston together in a hotel room. The guy cleaned out my minibar. Uh-oh. The good news is Stephen Lynch is here. The bad news is I don't see a guitar. Oh, God. No, it's getting tuned up for the big show on Thursday. That's right. Thursday. He's doing a whole lot. Tuned up? Will you send it out? Yeah. I don't know how to do it. I've got to give it to somebody. I'm unretarded. I can barely play the goddamn thing. You have no guitar here? No, I don't. You know. What are you going to do? Just talk? Yeah. He's going to talk about the controversy. Just hang out and drink beer. How are you going to sing Half a Man with no guitar? I'll do it acapella. Play Opie's Eyebrow. Jay, shut up. The controversy that is Stephen's new song, Stomp on a Fetus. I love that one, right? Jay, what was the suggestion you had for me? Full blown AIDS. Yeah, let's say, let's go on the new album. He's in my hotel room in Boston. We were both doing this thing from college. I got a college conference. I did my show and I brought him up on stage, second show Friday, and he killed. It was great. It was awesome. When you guys came up. So awesome. Yeah, I got there. I was pumping them to hell. And then somebody goes, they suck. I go, F you. You suck. I called the guy out. Some salty Irishman. You're doing your clean bit. Your non-X rated bit at the college thing. Yeah. A girl stands up and goes, put the map on. You got to set it up though. This NACA conference, National Association of Campus Activities, they inducted me into their hall of fame. Hall of fame. It's me and my carrot top. I think I'm going to be there after my showing this weekend, by the way. It's Anthony Clark and me, the two members. You have to be completely, once you get to college, you can just do whatever you want because the checks there, they flew you out, they're stuck. Right. They already paid you. But there's like 1500 people in this theater and it's all the kids who don't care, but there's always the advisor or if it's Texas Christian University, it's the priest or if it's all the ministers. Oh boy, clean act. Yeah, totally clean. I didn't even say damn hell nothing. So you're trying out your act so these colleges will hire you obviously. Right. That's where you make the money. You get like 30 grand a pop and they fly in. It's like you only get 30 grand. Yeah. I get $122 for 30 dates. That's 30 grand that you took out of my mini bar. So I'm doing it completely clean and I'm like going, so you know my dog, and I'm doing like the clean set and this girl goes, make a map of Hawaii in my back. I do like a quad octuple take and I go, what? And she goes, make a map of Hawaii on my back please, Jay. 2000 people don't know what she's talking about. They start applauding. And I want to say, I'm like, but I'm like, oh lady, you know, easy. I got to work clean, you know, and everyone's like, what is he, what's so bad about that? Yeah, map of Hawaii. That's funny. And it's just so strange. Like this college girl from like wherever, you know, and then after my show, Lynch kills, he does half a man. And if I were gay and he did the guy for smashing pumpkins, if he lost his car keys. That's one of my favorites. And then they're like, let's go to the club next door. I got to save my voice because you know, I'm a big girlie and I lose my voice. And so I'm like, no, I'm just going back to my room. You know, I'm going to drink a bottle of NyQuil and pass it off for 15 hours. And they're like, no, let's go out. It's him and Mark Teich, his buddy Mark. So we finally get back to my room and literally 12 beers, two, you know, the little bottles in the mini-bar. Two bottles of Glenfinnage, two bottles of Jack Daniels, a couple shots of NyQuil, and a dance game for Klonopin and Dine. And the more he drinks, the more he knows how to play. I'm like, go and play in the white room. The more he drank, the more he's sober, he's like, I don't really know that one. I'm like, dude, block star by Radiohead. He's like, dee-doo-doo-doo-doo. I didn't even know you were going to be at the conference and I show up and there's this picture, you know, showcase tonight, J. Moore. So I have my little backstage pass and I'm like, I'm going to go meet him, man. I feel like Luca Brasi on the Connie's wedding day, practicing, I am a big fan of yours and I'm going to do him on the Opie and Anthony show. I hope your first child will be a masculine child. What did he say instead? So what are you, switching to Sam Adams now? There's no more Bud. So what happened? He switched to Sam. The house, my hotel bill was like, fully paid for it, except for the mini-bucket, the mini-bucket was $190. I swear to God, that's not a joke. It was a $190 mini-bucket. Hey, you don't drink. No. But I ate all the nuts and all the chocolate. That's like five drinks. Yeah, I know. You could ring up a tab pretty quick in those days. It was a privilege. I had a bottle of water. I had just had a tab going for Cravet and the boys and then I go up to the bar and I go, let me just get a bottle of Avion. Let me drink it out of the bottle because I'm not allowed to do that. I'm like, I'll stand here. Just let me drink it out of the bottle What are you, like a weirdo? I go, yeah, I'm a weirdo. I drink it out of the bottle. I enjoy it that way. She goes, that's $9. And I thought she was teasing me because I was a weirdo. Yeah. She was. It was nine bucks for water. Jesus Christ. They're buying water, Norton. Chug it up. Chug them up. He's buying water. We got a guy that was doing Jay Moore chants on your show. Scott. Yo. Hold on. You better go get Pauna Guitar in a hurry. You were doing chants at Jay's show? Yeah, I was. Bring it down. Me and my buddy were up there the second show Friday when Steven came up. Yeah. And Jay's doing his bit and about 25 minutes through the show he stops and he goes, and he only listens to Opie and Anthony. And at that point, me and my buddy and two other guys just go nuts. And. That's right. Are you the guy who wants to be an intern here? No, that's my buddy Jason. Oh, okay. Met him after the show. Right. And. That guy said he would do anything. I said, they might actually take a dump in a waste basket and tell him anything. He goes, I don't care. I'll do it. So. Tell him to get off my back. Did you have to dump that? No, that's fine. I just see you hitting the buttons. I don't know if you're done. No, no, no. So I told the guy, he goes, put in the word for me. So there's the word. Now let's get going. We were waiting at the bar for you. But anyway, we're yelling Bush expert and he yelled Ingrid. Now cool. I told you. Somebody yelled out Ingrid. Somebody yelled out Ingrid in Boston. That's cool. Nobody knows what we're talking about. All of a sudden, Jay Moore, Bush expert, buddy hacking. He went on a whole 20 minute bit on buddy hacking. I don't know where it came from. It came out from me and my buddy yelling. Oh, awesome. You guys helped me out. And Stephen was awesome. It was a really unbelievable show. All right, man. Thank you, Scott. And tell your friend they put the word in for him. All right. Appreciate it. All right. Thanks for coming to the show. That was a good show. I had a really good time. We had a great time. We got to get a guitar for Stephen Lynch. I know. What are you thinking? Mine's in the shop. I got to get it set up. A Jeep? Chelsea guitar. I know. Where's the horse, Norton? We can get you a guitar. OK. I got a guitar. I don't know where. Where's Vince Scalza's 12 string? Any faithful listeners in the area with a little acoustic guitar that's pretty good. Wait, Mark, you got one? Oh, I mean. You got a cheap one? There's a couple in the prize closet, but they're autographed by a... One made out of goddamn cigar box and a twig. Get it out of the prize closet. That's the one that's signed by Aerosmith down off the wall. Jay, you really got to leave tomorrow, right? We're having our huge road show Thursday. I know. Believe me, I know. People would freak if you walked out on the stage. Stephen Lynch is doing a whole set or whatever. He's doing 20, 30 minutes for us on Thursday. You got to play Special Olympics today. You love the Special Olympics? Yeah, but he won't play it because he can get boot off stage when he does it. You get boot off stage now? I have been. Come on. Seriously. Where are you playing at? Special Olympics? Opening the song, the opening song of the Special Olympics. He's got that one lyric where he goes, I know I'm going to hell in a handbag. And I go, that lets you up the hook. I'm going to the audience and what you're doing is right. Yeah, yeah. You saw my act. Look at me. I whipped a gay guy. Come on. The whole rascal's West Orange. Everyone's like, fag, fag, fag, fag. And I told the guy to fight. Oh, man. All right, let's try to get him a guitar. Let's take a break here. We're doing the road show this Thursday. Mokkei's in Wanto. If you stick around for like a minute, we have all the details. OK? As we go to break, it's Stephen Lynch on tape. This is the song called If the Guy from the Smashing Pumpkin. Wait, how's it going, Steve? What if that guy from Smashing Pumpkins lost his car keys? Thank you. Where the f**k are my car keys? They were right here in my hand. I had them just a second ago. Did I leave them in the kitchen or underneath the cushions of the couch? I can't find them anywhere. Oh, here they are. Tudes with Tudes. I think every time we open our mouths, we're pissing someone off. Mokkei, open it. We're out of control. We're so lucky. All right, knock it off. 1027 WNEW. All right, we're trying to get Stephen Lynch a guitar. Do you want an acoustic or do you want to try something with an electric? We only have an electric. Who is that signed by? I'm just hoping that maybe Stephen will sign it. Someone's got to be Stevie Ray Vaughan. Someone's got to be close to the station with a good acoustic guitar. We'll let you into the studio if you've got a guitar for Stephen Lynch, OK? You've got to get here immediately, though. If you're close, please help out the show. There you go. All right, real fast, we've got to talk about Fidelity Diamond, Anthony. Ah, yes, the engagement ring specialist. You might have missed Valentine's Day, didn't you? Well, you could have a plan. You missed Valentine's Day. She was expecting it on Valentine's Day. That's why you didn't give her the engagement ring on Valentine's Day. Now you give her the engagement ring. Oh, now she's totally surprised. She freaks out. That's how to do it. And where do you go? Fidelity Diamond, the engagement ring specialist. And if you do get the engagement ring at Fidelity Diamond, your lady's going to give you a Hummer. A Hummer, guaranteed, man. She's going to hob your knob if you go to Fidelity Diamond, the engagement ring specialist. Diamonds equal Hummers. Now is that a guarantee from Fidelity Diamond or... Well, we're just assuming that the ladies will hob some knob if they don't think it's their ring from Fidelity Diamond. I don't think it's on the bottom of your sales receipt. You know, guaranteed Hummer. I wouldn't think so. Maybe on the bottom of the box you could go, you know, now hob my knob or something. How romantic. Honey, will you marry me? Yes. Turn over the box. Hob my knob. All right. The big news about Fidelity Diamond, you will not get ripped off there. Oh, they educate you about buying diamonds. Most people don't know about buying diamonds. Step by step they'll walk you through it. Yes, you buy it loose like you picked out your girl. Loose. And you could check out the diamond, the top, the bottom, the sides. They educate you about diamonds, cut clarity. Carrot, all that stuff that you need to know. Then you pick out your setting and they put it together right there in front of you. There you go. And if you buy your diamond engagement ring at Fidelity Diamond, you're going to get a platinum engagement ring setting for free. That's a $500 value. Fidelity Diamond located on Route 17 South in Paramus, just minutes from Manhattan in Rockland County. Give them a call. Fidelity Diamond, 2-0-1. Just minutes. Just minutes. 2-0-1-2-6-1-6-5-5-5 you ass. 2-0-1-2-6-1-6-5-5-5 for Fidelity Diamond, the engagement ring specialist. Dudes with dudes. I think every time we open our mouths we'll piss someone off. So be it Anthony. Come here. Come here. We're out of control. We're so wacky. All right, knock it off. 1-0-2-7-W-N-E-W. My God. Wait, are they new phones? Yeah. You recognize the phone, aren't you? Yeah. Little wonder, little wonder, little wonder you. I'm getting it. Give me a father. Intergalactic and... Bulma. Pregnant or whatever. Is it Bulma? Iman, that's right. Bulma. Iman. Wouldn't you get her pregnant? I don't find her hot. Really? I think the tire is hot. Tires got those big breasteses. Totally fake. No, they're not. Oh, stop it. They're not. Just stop right now. Tyra Banks? I don't think they're fake. I don't think they're fake. They've got to be fake. You're questioning big. You're questioning my pimp hand? Yes. This I've got to question you. No way. Tyra Banks, got to be fake. They're hanging down. They've gone all over. Yeah, I don't think they're fake. She's got that big, huge forehead though. Tyro Colas. Like a beluga whale. Oh my God. Beluga whale sonar head. So do I. Let me see. You got a five head? Not like, no. No, you don't get the Tyra Banks forehead. Well, she's got the short A head. Yeah. The hairline starts at the top of the head. You're getting a hummer. It's like getting a hummer from a bald guy. How is that, Jay? It's all right. Uncle Pappy. We've got a couple of good phone calls here. Cindy, you're next on the radio show. What's up? We've got Jay Moore in the studio and of course Stephen Lynch as well. We're going to have a lot of fun today. Cindy? Hi. What do you have to add to this mess? Listen, I need to ask you guys something. All righty. I'm kind of embarrassed. All right. Be careful because I see what you want to say on the screen. You've got to kind of talk in code so they don't dump out of our show. All righty. In honor of Tuesday night, hummer night, you know, you guys, you're holding hummer things. I hear kids in the background. That's a big time. Are those your kids? Yeah. It's like walking in Deer Hunter. No more. Get the kid out of the room. It's just a little baby. Nothing. Oh, the kid's a little different. A little baby. Bring them over here. So anyway, I could be the start, but I can't finish going all the way. All right. And I need tips from you guys, listeners. Basically swallow the chowder. What's the tip? I will if I get that far, but I get bored and there's nothing else to do. Well, maybe you don't do it well and it takes too long. I don't know. I did mine. Oh my gosh. She's talking about hummers with a kid in the background. That doesn't work. That's even too sick for us. Damn. Thank God. I just swallowed my chew. Jay's gagging. Just settle my stomach. So is it your husband, we're assuming? Yes. Everybody takes a long time to finish? Yes. That usually means you're not doing a very good job. Are you using your hands? Oh, nice. I try. I don't know. It gets sloppy. The sloppier the better. Let's go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. The sloppier the better. The sloppier the better. Listen, when you go up with your mouth. Wait, wait, wait. That's okay. We don't even know what we're talking about. Be careful. I just wanted on that. I know. It'll be in the air. At least he's talking about eating a popsicle. Yes. When you're eating a popsicle, Cindy? Yes. Okay. Shut the kid up because I will vomit if I have to talk to your kid. It's like walking in deer hunter. The prosthetic and the kid standing there. No, no more. Not the kid. Get the kid out of the room. No, no more. No more. And she's like, no, come back. No, you come back. He says, no more. No, no more. Oh, come on. Is he on the phone now? Oh, she hung up. But you could still explain. Isn't that horrible? So gross. I'm a kid. Explain it. So then you take it and you grab the shaft. Flee stone in the background. Flee stone in the background. Flee stone in the background. Flee stone in the background. Okay, the kid is in the room. the head. That's why it's called testicles. Picture like a big apartment building. Leave everyone in the middle apartments alone. Let them sleep. It's either the penthouse or the boiler room. And we're going to have to do a little bit of a Let them sleep. It's either the penthouse or the boiler room. And when you come up with your head, you're all right. All right. I'm going to keep this all in the air. Yeah. Your hand should be attached to your mouth. So far, so good, right? Very good. Very good. We don't even know what you're talking about, Jay, at this point. When you come up with your head, you have to take your head completely away from the your hand now is at the very top of the popsicle so that there's actually like a masturbatory effect. And then you go back down into the mouth. Bravo. Goodness. Let me ask you something, Jay. Will you come to the bathroom with me, please? No. Jay, when you say the hand, you don't mean the little ring, right? You're talking about the hole in the face. Yeah, that's a very good point, Steve. Because that's annoying, too. Let's break this down. It's like De Niro, Cape Fear. Let's break that down. Yeah, ladies, don't do like the ring as Stephen Lynch is doing now. You are funny without the guitar. You've got five minutes. You got a new five minutes right there. Don't do the thumb and pointer finger ring going up and down. It's like that makes us feel like, you know, pretty thin and stuff. Get your whole hand on it. I think the ring technique is for our own use only in quick situations. Yeah, yeah. And the free hand should either be on our ass or on yourself. In plain view of us. Look how much I'm enjoying doing this that I'm actually touching myself. And then we go, wow, she's a little freak. There you go. I agree. Hummer tips from Jay. That's great. On this Hummer Tuesday. Bravo. I forgot it's Hummer Tuesday. Yes, it's Hummer Tuesday. I took a crazy day and forgot all about it. Oh, man. So that was good, right? Yeah, that was good. Very informative. You guys are going to remix this for the worst of Opie and Anthony. It's going to be like Jay Moore giving a gay guy. You're going to mix in Marco going, really? Really? We'll have the station voice. More proof that Jay Moore's gay on N.E.W. Vince Scalza, this is a very interesting Jay Moore, the original band talking about him. Scalza, that's a great show. You know what his show is like? I love his show. Do you watch Apocalypse Now? You've seen the movie. Yeah. The Marlon Brando character. That is Vince. He is on the station. No one knows what he does. It's way in the wee hours of Sunday or something. I know. We're trying to build a station here, but we don't even care what he's doing over there in the corner. Someone has to just, I don't know, execute him with something. No way. Terminate with extreme prejudice. I am pro Vince Scalza. It's great. N.E.W. I can't believe I'm still at N.E.W. No. R.J., what's going on? R.J.? You mean Andre? Whatever your name is. Andre, right. Bez does it every time. One thing that Jay didn't mention, by the way, Jay, love your work, man. You're the best. Pickle up. One thing that nobody ever mentions is that, I know I'm going to get dumped. Well, just talking code, man. All right. We can get anything. Now, that's an example of what not to say. Thank you, Jay. We had to dump that in that one. That was just for the people on the wall. Sometimes you've got to do a show just for the people on the wall. And then he always tells me, I want to do a show just for the people on the wall. Yeah. Sometimes I just got to say that. Then you go to the phones and they're just laughing uncontrollably. Great. We just entertained four people. All right. So what do you got for Jay? All right. Big thing. The hand cannot actually leave the skin. If there's rubbing, you know what I mean? The difference between the different... Oh, like grabbing the skin on a Sharpay or something. And then moving it back and forth. Moving it back and forth. Your hand isn't actually moving on the skin, but you can move from head to tail on that damn dog. Yeah. I think the key word here is friction. Right. Friction. Yes. Well, there could be a certain amount of lubricant involved. Right. Because if you did that to a popsicle, it would break in half. Right. Exactly. Right. Exactly. And nobody ever mentions that and that's like the biggest mistake. There are different techniques for different circumstances. You can use the rub technique if there is some byproduct of the act maybe, regardless of where it comes from. A whole lot of byproduct. A little viscosity. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. In a motor oil commercial. When her hand breaks down viscosity, it could cause an injury. Don't let this happen to you. All right, man. We're going to let you go, all right? Don't pull on it to a lever to a cigarette machine is what I mean. Slide it up and down. Slide it. Yeah. You don't want to throw a rod. That's true. Carmen, what's going on? Hi, guys. Hi. I had some sex with Jay last time you were in. Oh, yeah. I was on the phone. I was on the phone and you did it. Yeah, you guys. You came to visit for a while and I had phone sex with you having to use whale knocks and all that balloon. Yeah, I was in LA. Exactly. Whale knocks. You got a kid in the background, too. Oh, my God. I know. What are you roommates? Are you Cindy roommates? What? Are you and Cindy roommates? You got a kid in the back, too. No, not roommates. I'm a married woman. All right, Carmen. What do you got for us? Now, proper technique is making sure that you're not going to get a heart attack. Hi, Carmen. What do you got for us? Now, proper technique is make sure that you lick the inside of your hand first so that we have that lubricant, that way you have connection with the lips. All right, Carmen. Hold on, baby. I got to lube up the hand. There we go. Like that prison rape scene. Who are you having sex with? Thor from the White Shadow? What the fuck? Come on, baby! Thor from the White Shadow? Wow, what a reference! Where did that come from? Who's giving you a hug? Is it Heywood? I don't know! Hold on, baby! She sounded like an African woman. I was just doing the stereotypical African woman voice check. I don't even think anyone heard Carmen in Radio Land. Why? She was dumped central, man. They dumped out of all that. Really? Really? What? Spit on the hand? What did you say? I didn't disagree with that technique. Spit on the hand? Yes. Oh, that's like a prison rape thing. No, no, no. Spit lick. It's like, how romantic. Come here, baby. Yeah. Hogy bear. Dwayne Wayne from What's Happening? Hey, hey, hey! Oh, God. Thanks, Rick, for the assist. Hey, rerun. Dwayne's with your girl. Mike, what's up? Shirley Hemphill. The late Shirley Hemphill. Oh, what? What, Jay? Why? You can't make fun of Shirley Hemphill because she's dead? Give her a month. She's still rotting. And Mikey, what's up? She's still rotting. Hey, guys. Carcass will be rotting for a while. What's up, Mike? Question for you. You guys are opening up a whole new realm here. It's a whole new world. Exactly. How about the gas-fifing technique? What's that? Yeah, and they make the same face at the end as I do when the gas hits me in the face. Exactly, yeah. Exactly. You know that face. Pah, pah, pah, pah. Don't dance with me. Then there's the no friction but lots of noise technique. Yeah. All right, Mike, we're going to let you go. The gas siphon. Prevents thermal breakdown. That was a reference to women not finishing, I guess. Yes. Now, you know, I do that whole joke in my act about women not finishing. I'm trying to remember it now. It was like, why would you ever put it there if you don't? Yeah, that's right. You don't stare into the garden hose. You don't stare into the garden hose because your friend might turn it on. You don't put it in your mouth and play with the knob. You know, ever go to a friend's house and he takes his gun out to show you but you're not expecting it and you're like, oh, hey, hey. Did you take my surprise? You're like, whoa, I can go off. Put that away. You don't put it in your mouth and massage a trigger. Nice gun. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, licky, licky, bam. Hey, you said you wouldn't shoot me in the face. You can tell Jay's got no more dates here in New York. He's doing his whole act today. That's okay. We ain't going to stay for a while. I saved the best stuff for you guys. Hey, did we get a guitar that works to the board? Hmm? You drinking a beer over there? Hell yeah. Oh no, there's no beer allowed in the studio. Steven Lynch, baby. Oh wow, he doesn't? Alright. Do you have full blown AIDS down yet? I'm working on it. He'll be there tomorrow. Oh my god. Oh, you mean the song? Yeah. That's Who Do You Love, you started on that, Dan. Keep playing that. I did a hell of a job tuning this thing. Yeah, Who Do You Love? Who Do You Love? Unplugged. J. Moore. 47 miles of barbed wire. Got a corporate stake for a necktie. Better ride a snake out. And he'd tip me right on top and bent out of his skull. Come on, take a little walk with me baby. Tell me, who do you love? Who do you love for bunnies? Full blown AIDS. Let's see if we can get a song out of it. Full blown AIDS. I'm down to my fighting weight. I'm down to my fighting weight. Alright, what do you got over there, Steve? Oh yeah. Somebody requested that Harry Chapin song, do you remember that one? Ah yeah, I like this one. He's funnier when he gets drunker, so somebody get him a shot of something. Way ahead of you, man. Here, drink my dipped cup. You know, one of our listeners... The trick is you can't just take a sip, it all goes down in one piece. One of our listeners needs just a sip. Let's get one of our listeners to drink out of your dipped cup. They'll do it. What do we got to give away? They'll boof, right? They will boof the second it hits their mouth. You come down and drink out of Jay's dipped cup. We'll set you up with some prizes today. I'd rather see triangles and mohawks if you're going to give away prizes. Alright. Yeah, this is Jay's going away party. I like when you guys... I was listening earlier when you guys slammed Slayton. He's like, you got Jay Moore, you went to Jay Moore's show. And you go, you know the difference between you and Jay Moore? He was here yesterday, had five lesbians on the couch. What do you got? CDs. You heard that? That was great. That was awesome. I like Slayton though. Alright, let's go. Alright. Full of no-names. He's going to ruin your song. I know, I already feel it. He's not going to let you get through. I believe you. I'm a Steven Lin... I'm letting everybody know what the title of the song is. I flaked him down at the corner and he picked me up at the light. I told him where I was going and we drove off into the night. How's it going, my friend? I asked him. Slowly he turned his head. The taxi driver looked at me and this is what he said. He said, I don't have a good day, I know that you'll be sick. Okay, good night, goodbye. It reminds me of the controversy the first time we had him play that song. Yeah, 25 minutes before I could play it. Before it was cleared by our NEW sensors. We got new bosses though, now we're allowed to do whatever we want again. Write the twat song. We can let it roll. Steven Lin's going to be doing our roadshow this Thursday of occasion. I'm so jealous. That's going to be fun. It's going to be a lot of fun. They're always going to be a lot of fun. You know why Steven likes it the most? Boos. Yeah, boos. You're going to be in Vegas. There's like 8 naked chicks in front of Steven and he's going to be like, is that beer? Look over their heads, it's beer. We've got to take a break. We'll be back. It's J. Moore and Steven Lin hanging out with us today. J. Moore leaving for Vegas tomorrow morning. Leaving for Vegas. So you think Spacey's going to win? He's better. That would be great for your movie, man. I know. Ellen Huntress won the Oscar to Little Kids Not Three People Nominated. There you go. She's got a big forehead, huh? But I'm in it, so that's the kiss of death. CDRecordable.com Yeah, this is great, man. Wave of the future. People are making their own CDs, recording. My brother has joined the rage. Yeah. He's got a burner and I believe he went to CDRecordable.com to get the cheap CDs and he's making all his Buffett CDs at the house. That's what it is. You make your custom mixes of music if you want to do that. If you're a band, it's a lot more convenient to make a CD than a tape. A lot of radio stations don't play tapes. Correct. You need a CD. You want to back up data off of your computer. You have all those video files from the unofficial website that you've downloaded onto your computer. What the hell are you going to do with them? They're taking up space on your hard drive. You could dump them all onto CDRecordable and store them that way. Yes. They'll be at your fingertips. You could trade them with your friends. Now, there's two things going on with CDRecordable.com. First of all, you could get the CDs. The recordable CDs had a very cheap price because you're not dealing with the middle man. You're going right to the manufacturer himself pretty much. Not dealing with overseas either. What do you want? You need a CDRecordable? Wait a minute. We'll have that shipped out to you in eight days. We'll have that shipped out to you in eight months. That junk is leaving Korea right now. Burn up CDRecordable. Of course, you need a CD burner if you're going to make your own CDs. Yes. CDRecordable.com can take care of you as far as that goes as well. They have cool different colored CDs. Yes. I think that's pretty neat. You could color code your music or your data from your computer. Whatever you want. Color coded. There you go. Log on to CDRecordable.com. Check it out for yourself. Click on the Opiate Anthony icon. CDRecordable.com will throw in a free gift. With each order placed from now until noon next Thursday, excuse me, CDRecordable.com, with CDRecordable.com, you'll be eligible to win a Cannondale mountain bike. Each order you place increases your chances of winning. Log on to www.CDRecordable.com right now. Dudes with tunes. I think every time we open our mouths we'll piss someone off. We're out of control. We're so wacky. All right, knock it off. 1027 WNEW. You should have potted that mic up a little sooner, oh, when I was cursing? Yeah. O-F-O-S. Click. Hi. I was talking to the NBA with Jay Moore, Anthony, a little sports break. So you got to curse so much? Because I was trying to remember... It's guy talk. Yeah, I was trying to remember one of the Boston Celtics names that got traded. Thank you. 1027 WNEW. It doesn't matter to anyone else. Jay Moore, Steve Alenso for the studio. Are you guys going to Sue Kalensky and friends? No. It's something we talk about a lot on the show, is women of comedy. Judy Gold's on the show. Who else? Jay, we got an announcement to make. I'd like to see the announcement. Steve and Sue are leaving. They're leaving the 31st of March. Of March, if not sooner. So when's my slot? New lineup here at WNEW. Opie and Anthony doing mornings. Morning drive. No way. Radio chick doing middays. Don and Mike doing afternoons. Who's Don and Mike? From my Washington. And Ron and Fez doing nights. Where's my slot? You want a slot? No. You're part of our slot. I know it. Yeah. That's why I would never take a slot. Are you really doing mornings? You're going head to head? Mornings. It's going to be a good day. Well, here we go. It's in all the papers, so it's going to be a good day. It's in all the papers, so we figured we'd make it official. Everyone's speculating. There's rumors all over the place. So sure. We just gave out the lineup for the new WNEW. I can't stand opening up the paper and you read all these boneheads. They can't get it right. Who's staying? Who's going? Opie and Anthony, two mornings? No. Yes. Spell it out. Okay. Yeah. We're doing mornings. They finally got us. A week ago, you guys are going, we're not going to mornings. No way. We're just helping out for the big bucks. Jay, you know how negotiations are? We've learned something from you. Did you get a bump? We got a bump. Did you get a door deal? Yeah, we're getting the door. We're getting the door deal. Any dollar deal. I'm the only white guy in the store. Hey, Tracy, what's up? Hey, I know Jay knows probably a little bit more than I do as far as hummers, but I give one at least. Wait, what's that supposed to mean? No, I mean receiving. Yeah, that's right. Because I'm a man. I like heterosexual sex a lot. I do this at least four times a week to my boyfriend. I never do this to my wife. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I do this four times a week to my boyfriend. I never need to use my hands. No? No. You're a double amputee, right? Use your feet like a monkey. She's a feet jackie. No, that's a popsicle well enough you don't need to use any other thing for fiction. How far away from the studio are you? We could try out your technique. I'm Steven Lynch. So what do you do, juggle in the meantime? If you can get him off, you know you're good. What time is it now? 5.30? I don't know. All right Tracy, thank you. Wait, wait, wait, hold on. So what is it? You just keep sucking the popsicle and you don't need your hands at all? Well, I mean I can't. Crazy. So you've got a great mouth is what you're saying. I've been told. What's your nickname? Hoover? Yeah. What does it do? What's the magic? What's the magic that you don't need hands that you could entertain your husband with card tricks as you do it? No, no, I didn't say that. I enjoy it though and I just. That's the key ladies. She enjoys it. Maybe he's one of those quick drama girls that like the second something happens it's over. Do you give them the look? Do you look up at them? Oh, yes I do. See, I don't like the look. How come? I'm thinking of somebody else. I love when they play pointless cards. No, Jay, they've got to make those eyes like those old paintings. I just came from privilege. I'm thinking of the Chinese girl with fake boobs and then my wife blinks. I'm thinking of the Chinese girl with fake boobs. I'm thinking of the Chinese girl with fake boobs and then my wife locks eyes at me and I'm like, oh, it's you again. I mean, you're beautiful and I married you but you know. Are you looking down watching? Yeah, of course. I get the hair out of the way. But I'd rather look at it in the mirror and make pretend I'm in a porno. But then I realized like halfway through that I'm only looking at myself. I'm only looking at my abs and triceps. Jesus Christ. I want to see you because those guys are, you know, I want to make sure I'm in shape. You're lucky you were late today because Jay Moore walked into the studio pretty much naked. Yeah, I've seen that before. Don't worry. Oh yeah. You showed him your junk too? No, I showed him my vagina. In Boston we were in the hotel room and it was him and his buddy and I go, you guys want to see my secret? Oh no, you pulled that one where you stick your junk. But the thing is they told us to come up. When we come up the elevator the doors already half open. We open it up and he's on all fours. That's right. All fours what? I smelled rusty penny before I even got through the door. I open it up and there he is. I'm on all fours giving him a brown eye. Oh man. Jesus. What the hell is wrong with you? Look, come on, we're on the radio. We have a million people laughing and a million people are vomiting. It's all about the radio, man. You invite the guys up, you're completely naked in your room on all fours waiting for them. I'm naked. I had just taken a dump and I was coming out of the bathroom and I was all clean and the door was crossed with the toilet. That makes the story much better. Oh yeah. So I dropped his shorts and I gave him the whale eye so they'd have to walk in and look right into it. He actually stayed that way for about a half an hour and we just tried to chuck M&Ms in there. No, I waited for you guys to finish. I waited for both of you to finish like a gentleman. That was sweet. Anything else Tracy? No guys, that was it. You guys are great. I'm going to miss you in the afternoon. Well, listen to them in the morning. What else are you going to do in the morning? I'm going to give my hummers in the morning. Alright, well as you're doing that. Alright Tracy, thank you. See you later. Bye. Bye. Taking over the .5 rating slot, morning drive radio here at MEW. A lot of mixed feelings about us going to mornings. I know. Alright, let's go. A lot of controversy. Oh, a very famous person on the line here, Anthony. Bridget from Let's Make Bridget Cry. Oh, you remember, huh? Bridget. The whore. The whore, yeah. The little whore. My boyfriend dumped me. You can't say that Jay. Oh, she's a pig and she gives hummers. She's a little pig. Am I wrong? She's a little pig. I would have done the same thing right after I... Ugh. Ugh. Disgusting. It's absolutely disgusting. I'm still trying to make her... Hey Bridget, is the bump on the back of your head healed yet? Yeah, it's fine. I'll give you a new one. I would have thrown you so you cracked your head open on the oven. Jesus. That is so disgusting. You got what you deserve. So, you're sad that Jay's leaving, huh? Well, I'm a little less sad now. I was just playing the game. I didn't know she was a big Jay Morr fan. I was just playing Let's Make Bridget Cry. Hi Bridget, how are you? I'm fine. When do we get to play Make Bridget Cry again? Oh, I don't know. Yeah. All right. When do we get to play Make Bridget Shake like a car on bed guest? Yes. That's secret code for orgasm. All right, so you're sad, Jay. Bridget, I was only playing the game. I don't want anybody to think that I'm really just that mean. But everyone already thinks I am anyway. I'm still going to miss you, Jay. I'll be back, honey. Okay. I'll be back. Call Rascals and say, when's Jay Morr back? Okay. All right. Give them the door. All the door. All right, there goes Bridget. Bye. I feel bad now. I'm like making her cry. I just call her to wish me a safe flight. Now I'm on the charcoal briquette halfway over Denver. Jay, what's going on? I'm right here. What is it? Jay, what's up? Oh, hi. That old gag. The old one right here. Hey, Jay. What? The guy on the phone. Who are you? Hello? Who is that? He's got a guitar. Is that Jay? Hello? Wait, no. Yeah, he's got a guitar. Is that you, Steven? Is that this Jay? On the phone. All right, who's on the phone? Hello, you're on the air. Or Steven. All right, he wants to talk about the multi-millionaire who married on Fox last week. Didn't you have some info on Rick Rockwell there, Jay? He was a star sir trying to rob. He lost to like Sinbad. And now with three and a half stars. Metalog Lemon gives you one star. That guy's judging your whole life. The parrot from Baretta. Two and a quarter stars. No, I remember he had a suit and the suit was printed like money. The whole suit was dollar bills. And he goes, you know, I've been on the show for consecutive weeks. I guess you can tell him I'm putting my money into my wardrobe. I remember watching Mr. Leonard. Well, I like a Rick Rockwell. I like a Rick Rockwell. I like a Rick Rockwell. I like a Rick Rockwell. I like a Rick Rockwell. I like a Rick Rockwell. Every city you go to you do morning radio. I'm going to promote these gigs. It's not like Mr. Leonard. They got like, you know, Mr. Bob. Mr. Peebles. Mr. Someone. Mr. Someone. Mr. Some douche. I was doing radio in Cleveland with Barry Sobel and he brought me a lot of... Barry Sobel's hilarious. He's funny. He's still around? Yeah. He burned a lot of bridges. That's a fun story. It's the We'll Never Play Here Again Tour. He's funny. He named it like Half Joking and then realized he wasn't Half Joking. We're on the radio and it's like we're in Cleveland and it's the number one like morning hacky show in Cleveland and we go, let's talk to Mr. Bob. And it's like a normal guy. Like, we look like the partner on Home Improvement with the beard. And the guy goes, well, as you can tell, we have a snowstorm coming. And Sobel just goes, whoa, whoa, whoa. Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, why are you talking like that? Man, what do you mean? And he goes, whoa, whoa, and they had like drumsticks and Sobel takes them away from the guy and hides them like a child. He's like, dude, dude, what are you doing? Why are you talking like that? Why are you talking like that? The guy goes, well, I... Took him out of his head. And then they go on commercial and they put him on a sign like Mr. Bob is one of the most popular figures in all of Cleveland. You have to understand. He's an icon. Yeah, he's literally like they completely freaked out. They kicked us out. And then I had my own Cleveland scud. Hey, Lynch, how about a song, man? Yeah. You got another one in you? You salt the Irishman over the corner. What do you want me to do with my hair? Full on AIDS. It's not done yet. I'm down to my target weight. Lynch playing our road show Thursday, Mulcahy's in Wanson. And mine's already. How about a... Doors open. Oh, here's a special ed. You never did Half a Man here? Yeah, I did that. Oh, special ed. Special ed rocks. You told me you didn't do Half a Man here. No, I did do Half a Man here. The first time I played here, I did that. Every so often, that special ed will just be in my head. You know, you wake up in the morning, it's like, God damn, that's Stephen Lynch. He's stuck in my head. I like the part where he gets hit in the face with the brick. Little twist at the end of that one. You didn't expect that. Is there a Rod Serling written twirl? It's a twist and then the twist. Like, you know, Willoughby, Mobile Home. Willoughby Funeral Service. Willoughby Funeral Service. Willoughby Funeral Service. Willoughby Funeral Service. Willoughby Funeral Service. Willoughby Funeral Service. Special Ed. What's she split... what all she got? You're writing like a song a month? What is this? Hey, you're being generous when you say that. I got the CD sampler in my house. I'm playing it for my roommate. My roommate's like, no, I heard it. I've been listening to that song for a long time. I'm like, I don't care. That song was great. I have a CD sampler at home. It's great. So, what is this? A little bit of a I'm playing it for my roommate. My roommate's like, no, I heard that too. I'm like, how do you know this song? What do you want to play? I don't care. Play Freebird while you're at it. Geez, man. Oh my. Wow. What do you know? Jay totally laying in. Well, it's like, you know, you come on the show, I'm the new bitch. Jay's protecting it. Jay's like spraying, it's like a tiger spraying the walls. Yeah. My territory. No, it's everyone's territory. I mean, Louis Black had a whole joke about the sharper image. He comes in, he lays down the new stuff. He didn't show up just so he doesn't have to drink beer in the cold. Hey, man. What? Hey, man, I'm a musician. I'm not a comic. God damn. You are a comic. You're one of the funniest guys I've ever seen in my life, man. You just keep writing. Down to my target weight, sarcoma has popped out all over my face. I think you're the hot guy. I'm the hot guy. I'm the hot guy. I'm the hot guy. I'm the hot guy. I'm the hot guy. I'm the hot guy. I'm the hot guy. I'm the hot guy. I'm the hot guy. I think you're writing an excellent poem. That's like the Nicole has wrote that down. Little Jackie Martin. How do you guys feel about going head to head? Mornings against the Sternmeister. Excited? About the nations? I think excited like the guy that's waiting to climb Everest. You're looking up there. You're like, I could die up there. They leave the bodies up on Everest. You're like, Jesus Christ, base camp is 12,000 feet. What am I doing? Names flash across my eyes. Danny Bonaduce. Darien O'Toole. Darien O'Toole. Darien O'Toole. Steven Lynch. Steven Lynch. Oh. Rocky Allen. Rocky Allen. Ouch. Ovi and Anthony. Steven Tsu. Steven Tsu. God, they didn't even get out of the tour bus. Bovi, could you see like... That was a good one. He's in the back with like a game of Tiger. He's like, let me just save the game. I'll be right out. God, it's already canceled. Can I keep the bus? Lynch hit us, man. Oh my God. They didn't even put on their North Face jacket. It's over, man. I don't even know who you guys are talking about. Steven Tsu. Oh, they did mornings here for the Pets. Oh, they did mornings here for the Pets. They did mornings here for the Pets. Oh, they did mornings here for the Pets. Year and a half. That's a good sign. Driving a 1.5 down to a .5. That's a good sign. People go, when were you on Saturday Night Live? And I go, exactly. You would always be out at the end waving. Good night, everybody. That's your character. The guy waving. That and the Andrew McCarthy and the... The welcome back hotter. Walken. The welcome back hotter. Walken selling Skittles. Skittles. Skittles. Skittles. Skittles. Skittles. Look, you should get Skittles. Because without watermelon, passion fruit, Skittles, there's many in a bag. You don't get just... You don't get one. Many Skittles. Steven, play something. Come on. The fender still has the... A rainbow of fruit flavor. A rainbow of fruit flavor. Yeah. It's a rainbow of fruit. Forget it. Come on, you salty Irishman. Play a song. Play the song, I'm so drunk, I don't know what to play next. Get your bit closer. What a drunk. You know, my hotel bill was $195 and it was a free hotel. They're drinking the wine. They're like, oh, there's no more beer. Let's get to the red wine. The refrigerated red wine, like cheap Italians. Oh, with the screw... The cold red wine. Ah, the screw top. The screw top. It's in a box. I love this. The box. The box. Come on, Gallop. All right, let's hear Steven Lynch. What do you want to hear? I still don't know what's next. Just play. Special Ed. You think the hole comes out of his head and you put it in your ear? Only the Kinks did that. Yeah, Kill a Kitten Lie, that's pretty timely. Ah. Really? Yeah. Very controversial. With the good ending. I hate mail, it's not even funny. I hate email. I know, it's all me and Boston in between vomiting. Holy smoke! I hate mail. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. I hate email. My nail is too long, too thin. Make a kitty cake, throw him at a train Make him snort cocaine, hit him with your van Flush him down the can, stake some TNT Up his cat booty, do what you must do As long as you can a kitten Treating kittens isn't easy And if that makes you feel queasy Grab a pitchfork from the shed And get a puppy dog instead Killer kitten, killer kitten Got a killer kitten, a little furry kitten Killer little kitten got a kitten Got a stable with a kitten got a hangin' with a kitten A6N5309 A6N5309 A6N5309 Hello? Hey, I thought I'd inject a little intelligence into the conversation here. That has no place on this show. Opie and Anthony, more stupidity on the way. 1027 WNOW. Anthony, rock away betting. Yes, we love it. Hey, hey, Stephen. You know, rock, rock, rock, rock, rock and roll high school? Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock and roll. Yeah, no. Maybe you can play that on the guitar. Ramones. Is it this? You know? Yeah, I'm gonna... No, I don't know. I don't care about mattress stains. Rock, rock, rock away betting. They'll haul it away, give me a steel bed frame. Rock, rock, rock away betting. My rock away mattress is so thick. It doesn't hurt her when I bang my chick. Rock, rock, rock, rock, rock away betting. Yeah. Not bad. Thank you. Rock away betting. The Ramones, ladies and gentlemen. Over 130 stores throughout New York. That's a lot of stores. New Jersey. New Jersey. Brand name mattresses. Brooklyn, Queens, all over. A lot of stores. At up to a 65% below department store. Regular prices. More than half of them. Rock away betting is the only major area mattress store that offers you frills, frills, free steel bed frame. I don't know what that means. Free delivery and free complete removal of your old stained, lumpy, crappy mattress. Who wants that? No, you don't want that outside. No, I don't want that. People know your business. Definitely don't want that. Scrape DNA off and clone you. Yeah, well that's, you know, maybe you're on the edge. Rock away betting guarantees you a better night's sleep with your new mattress purchase. And a better night's sleep is the most important reason for your new mattress purchase. You can shop in one of Rock away betting's area stores or call 1-800-TRY-A-BED. What's about that? 1-800-T-R-Y-A-B-E-D. Try a bed, right, man. Try a bed. Rock away betting. The best and friendliest place to get your brand name mattress, right, Mr. J? I have a clean size bed in my apartment from Rock away betting. Yes, I opted for the King. It is truly a Titanic-sized mattress. You've got the mother of all beds. You can do that when you live in Queens. I don't, I live in Brooklyn. Yeah, well you get a bigger apartment. Hey, come on, huh? I'm in Manhattan, you know, I could take a dump and use the door at the same time. You often do. Yeah, apparently. Yeah, we do. Yeah, we do a lot of that today. Rock away betting is the official provider of mattresses for Anthony and Jay Moore. Obie. You scum. What changed you into such demonic little bastards? One vote. Seven. Vegas. W-N-E-W. Take your ass. Stephen Lynch in the studio. Jay Moore in the studio before he flies out to Vegas tomorrow. Hey, we're kinda screwing off. It's his last show for a while with us. It's rock and roll, Jay. Hey, look to your right. Look at this. You're such an idiot. I had to tell you guys to come in the morning. Dude got the big Howard wig on. I found it in Psycho Mark's drawer. I was looking at the girls of Obie and Anthony on the web. That is a pretty hot site, my friend. That's cool. What do we only have to compete with? A 10 share? No, it's funny about it. That's not bad, right? No, it's funny about it. We gotta work from a .5 up to a 10. No, that's cool. Number one. No, it's funny about the Howard wig. Steve Mason has been wearing it for the last six months, hoping that would change his luck in life. I don't know where to start. I think we got a song over there, Lynch. Alright, hold on. We got Chris on the line. Chris, what's going on? Hey, what's up guys? How are you doing? You like that killer kitten song, huh? Oh man, what is wrong with you people, man? What's the problem? I don't know what the hell is going on. Yo, Steve, you still there? Yeah, I'm still here. What's wrong with you, man? What the hell are you talking about? You're freaking killing a kitten. You know very well that if you kill a freaking older cat, they give you more of a fight. Oh, I see. I hope it was like a turnabout thing. I gotcha. Yo, it's the couch guy. Thanks, Chris. Alright. We'll see you Thursday at a road show. You got it. Alright, man. Later. Road show. Okay, he's bought us off. Doors open at 7. We'll be there right after the show at 8. Hell yeah. So, what are we going to do over there? Jay, did you write a song? Jay just wrote a song. I didn't write that. I think he wants to perform it. Come here. Look at him. Oh, wow. Look at Jay. He's a ghostwriter. Here he comes. Is he going to perform it? Is this the... Is this full blown AIDS? Yeah, where's his guitar? Oh, sorry. Alright, man. Here you go. Well, the Kill a Kitten song was so controversial. I guess these guys figured... No, wait. I was going to say wait. We have nothing to do with this. These guys figured... I don't have anything to do with this either. Hold the guitar. Come on, Beck. What are you giving me the mic for? Take the heat off of the kitten thing by writing a song that may be a little less offensive. Called what? Full blown AIDS? Full blown AIDS. Full blown AIDS. Full blown AIDS. Full blown AIDS. Full blown AIDS. Called what? Full blown AIDS, this is called? I think Crush It Fetus would have been better. You gotta ask the author of the song. Mike DeNicola. Yeah, Mike, you come sing the song. You don't really know who I'm going to sing. I'll take the hit for the authorship. Yeah, he'll take the hit for the authorship. It's his song that you're going to sing. I can't sing. Oh, yeah. He's singing like a bird. No big Stephen's playing. Look at this. It's like the Harlem Boys Choir. Harlem? You are drunk. It's like the Harlem... By singing this song, my plane is going down tomorrow. There's no way around it. I'm on an MD-80 from LA to Vegas. MD-80? Yeah. Those things are going down like a five dollar whore. Come on. The safest planes you can get on now. MD-80? 767, Bob. That's when I'm taking the LA and then I go to the Vegas. That's when I'm taking the LA and then I go to the Vegas. He's not going to sing it. You should sing it. Why would you sing it? You sing special effects. I don't know. You make fun of the tongue people. I don't know. They've been working it out during commercials and stuff. They've been rehearsing. I thought Stephen Lynch had stones. I guess I was wrong. Come on. Who's walking away? Come on. Sing the song. They wrote the song. You wrote it. Sing it. You and Mike wrote it. Me and Mike. Look, people are like... Look, people are like... Jay seems so offended. Every time Mike wrote a line, he'd pass it to Jay. Jay would read it and start laughing and staring off. It's a funny song. So? All right, Mike, come here. Sing the song. Why won't you sing it? Mike really can't sing. I really have a bad voice. I thought that was... That Mike's not on because it's... Mike's saying something in the background. Voice, voice. It doesn't matter. Come on. Sing the song. Stephen, why won't you sing it? That's what I think we're... Because I didn't write it. It's not my song. I would sing it, but I don't know the... I've never heard how it goes. I haven't either. We're just making it up. And take a look at it. I know you could buy it. No, no, Stephen had it before. He was singing it during commercials. He was working it out. He already had the chords down. He worked out a bridge. He was. Oh my God, you got a whole song ready. Somebody say something. There's people listening to the show. Oh, we're just reading it. Ed's looking at the jugs on her. Look at the girl in the corner. No, Ed's looking it over to... It's okay. We're going to Morning Drive. We don't care about this slot anymore. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. We're going to Morning Drive. He won't answer my phone call. Steve, Boobie, baby, this will put you over the top. No way. Not now, Dolly. Not now. Look, you've got to be talented. I don't know what you did, but I'm never wrong about these things. Come on, Mike. I don't think so. You wrote it. You wrote it, man. Sing it. Martin, Steven, why don't you do it? I can't do it, man. Why? Because it's not my song. I didn't write the song. No, I just tuned. Not my tune. You wrote the music. It's called Lick My Love Pump. All right, Steven Lynch. When you're at the tour stop and Mokkehies, you can just heckle. Every song he sings, you can just start screaming, FBA. FBA. What does that mean? Full blown AIDS. Full blown AIDS? Oh, I'll do it there. I'm not kidding. Why don't you do it now? Come on, I understand. You wrote the song and now you don't want to sing it? That is so- Like everywhere you go, people start shouting, full blown AIDS. It's like Jesus Christ, man. For the people that don't know why they're shouting it. Peter Goebel and Sparky Lyle's book. It's like a spinal tap song. Come on. All right, instead of arguing for that- No, we're not softening it. Dino's like, Dino Carlo goes, we'll soften it. No, you can't soften it. No compromising. It's either- All right, I'll tell you what I'll do. I'll play the music, I'll read the words that are in front of me. How's that? All right. You're a beautiful boy. She's only too buckly for crying out loud. It's called Full Blown AIDS and it's not written by me. What are you writing about? It's written by Mike Dino Carlo. Just in case the Grammys are listening and want to know who penned it. No, Mike wants his ass cap money. He'll be in Carolina this weekend if you guys want to protest. We're here, we're queer, you're dead. We're going to kill you, Mike Dino Carlo. Everyone's saying on the phone lines, don't be a pussy, sing the song. Oh, they're calling you up. They're talking to you though, not to me. I'm not the guy with the guitar. Back up him with a 12-pack. He's got his guitar. The scary part is he's got the music worked out. I know, he does. He comes in with a 12-pack, forgets his guitar. You're a guitar act. All right, what is this called again? Authors of the song? Jay. Jay, what's this called? It's called Full Blown AIDS. Down to my target weight. Sarcoma has popped up all over my face. I lost three teeth and all my friends. It looks like I'm nearing the end. I used to tell a lie or even a fib. When you're lying in bed counting all your ribs. I tried to give blood but you showed me the door. But I went to stand up and I fell on the floor. It's full blown. Damn that whore. Damn that whore. I said damn that whore. Damn that whore. All right, that was Jay and Mike. You ought to be ashamed of yourself. I can't believe you would play a song like that. That's probably the most offensive thing I've ever heard in my life. Jay and Mike just reading what they wrote in front of me. And everybody knows who wrote Living La Vida Loca. I left. Oh my God. That could be the most offensive song I've ever heard in my life. Worse than Special Ed. Special Olympics. No one's calling us. They just quietly turned off the radio. They blacked out. What's GLAD stand for? You don't know, do you? Gay and Lesbian Action Award. GLAD is like a movie award you get. No, it's a gay and lesbian... What does the AD stand for? Anti-defamation? Oh, that's good. No, that's GLAD-able. What do you call it? GLAD is a gay... You should know that, Jay. Action Winner GLAD Award. Action won a GLAD Award. Yeah, gay. Yeah, one because it's gay. I'd much rather have that than kiss a guy. You kissed a guy in that. No, I did not kiss a guy. On action? No, not on action. I was thinking of GO. Oh, so it's different? It's different that it was a movie or a joke? I'm a millionaire. If they say, go kiss that guy, here's your check. And we've got to give them a couple of... We've got the lyrics. Let's put the lyrics on eBay. What? Oh, we're going to auction off the handwritten lyrics? Let me sign it first. Sign it. Sign it because we're going to frame it and put it in our office. Here you go, Mike. The most offensive song. You could be in the Guinness Book of World Records for writing the most offensive song ever. Ever. The song was great. The song was a pisser. The song is bad. The most offensive song ever. The reviews are coming in. Hey, Lynch, you want to play If I Were Jay? A lot of people suggested... Why don't you play something nice like Daisy Hill Puppy? No, no, this is good. You know a song if I... Well, play If I Were Jay. We've got one more from Steven Lynch. Wait, wait, wait, wait. The only reason we did that is to take the heat off Killer Kitty. All right. Well, yeah. He's going to sing a special song for you, Jay. No one's been thinking about Killer Kitty right now. No, but he's going to sing a special song about you, Jay. Check this one out. I did not write that song. And by the way, the true writer of that song will be at Caroline's this weekend, right? Mm-hmm. Yeah. I'm sure I was supposed to do. Okay, listen. Do you know who we are, dear old friend? You and I, drunk again. The laughs have been had and the tears have been shed. Maybe the whiskey's gone to my head. But if I were Jay, I would give you my heart. And if I were Jay, you'd be my work of art. And if I were Jay, we would swim in romance. But I'm not Jay. So get your hand out of my pants. Oh, keep going with the whole thing. It's not that I don't care. It's not that I don't care. I do. I just don't see myself in you. Another time, another scene. I'd be right behind you. If you know what I mean, cause if I were Jay, I would give you my soul. And if I were Jay, I would give you my heart. And if I were Jay, we would tear down the walls. But I'm not Jay. So won't you stop cupping my balls? We've never hugged. We've never kissed. I've never been intimate with your fist. But you have opened brand new doors. And over here I drop the only drugs. You're going to have to see what the hell these idiots are doing next. B.O.B. and Anthony, we refuse to be responsible. We refuse to be responsible. One, oh, two, seven. W.N.E.W. Fran is 84 years old. Rick, you cannot have oral sex with Fran. I'm sorry. No anal is okay. Trainwreck Radio. B.O.B. and Anthony Show. 1027 W.N.E.W. Oh, man. Mike DeNicola is my con. DeNicola's got a fence on him. DeNicola, get in there. We're short of Mike. He's got to share one or the other. Come on, he's sharing my Mike. Come here, you've got to get on Mike. Mike DeNicola, who was at Carolines all weekend. So if you don't like that song, you can protest him at Carolines. Let's tell him how you feel. Colin Quinn's there too. Colin Quinn at Carolines is Mike DeNicola, the author of Full Bloat Aids. Sarcoma's a word I never knew until it came out of his pen. I never knew that word. Well, the reviews are coming in for the song. Let's go to John. John, what's up? We're cops in Jersey. I was listening to it. I had to call my lieutenant to pull me up the road. I almost crashed my patrol car. Full Bloat Aids, I almost crashed into a back of a bus. I rode a 10. Oh, yeah, it's real funny. J. Moore is a sick individual. I didn't know. You didn't know who you were writing to, J. You're going to wake him up for the part of the ball. I'll tell you exactly what lines I wrote too, if you give me the piece of paper back. All right. We're handing the lyrics back over to everyone. Claiming responsibility now, like a terrorist bombing. The claims of responsibility going in. Let me take this time to not claim responsibility for any of the lines. Someone picked up the guitar and it just rolled right off their fingertips. I'm a professional, that's why. Look, he's even got the song ready. Don't come over the bridge. It's such a popular song and no one wants to claim it. I'm amazed. It's not exactly all along the watchtower. Get his book of world records called though. It's the most offensive song ever, Penn. Down to my target weight, sarcoma has popped out all over my face. Mike DeNicola. Mike DeNicola. All right, where's yours? I lost three teeth is Mike DeNicola, my line and all my friends. Oh, that's it? Then he wrote, his handwriting, looks like I'm nearing the end. That's Mike DeNicola. I said no, you're telling a lie or even a fib when you lie in bed counting all your That's pretty bad. That was a zinger line too. It needed a punch up. Sarcoma, people can't laugh when they're breathing in. I tried to give love, they just showed me the door. I went to stand up, fell on the floor. It's full blown AIDS. Mike DeNicola and I wrote, damn that whore, damn that whore. I kept it heterosexual even. Oh, yes. I kept it heterosexual AIDS guys. He left the studio. Oh my God. It's official. He's outside Carolines with a rainbow flag. It's official in case the Grammys are listening. Full blown AIDS, lyrics by Jay Moore and Mike DeNicola, music by Stephen Marshall. That's fine with me. I'll take the music. But you have to write written in 15 seconds. Maybe there's an award for that. The most horrible song written in that short of a month. That's why I'm so bad. We don't have time to think it out. I played a man dying of AIDS and playing by heart. I did a very sensitive job and I did a good job. Alright, let's talk to Danny. Danny, what's up? You guys think AIDS is an effing joke, man? It's not funny, man. Guys having to eat freaking all sorts of medication, man. You guys aren't 57th and 7th, right? No. I'm going to be waiting outside so I can shake your head. That's a freaking joke. I know I can't do you, you bastard. Spaz, you retarded. I got through. Twice that gold I scammed you, you Spaz. Thank you, Danny, you bastard. I threw syndication yesterday, man. Alright, bye, man. It doesn't even matter, syndication yesterday. Billy the Cop, what's up? Hey, Billy. That's La Machine, my buddy. That's one of the guerrillas. You're the funniest man in the world. Dean of Cola wrote it. Yeah, sure. How many times have you heard so many people calling up to compliment something they hear on this show and everyone goes, was it me? I don't know. I read you the lines I wrote. I wrote, you can't tell a lie, can't tell a lie. No, you're telling a fib when you're laying in bed counting your ribs. That's J. Moore's number one fan, right? J. Moore is genius. J, if they only knew the greatest things you ever did for people, man. If they only knew the greatest side of you, brother. Alright, Billy. Thanks for the line. J, have a safe trip back to Hell, see you at Phoenix. So Billy, you're saying even though that song may be insensitive, I act incredibly sensitive and kindly to others. It's very philanthropic off the air. Hey, you want to say something to a man that God ever put on his planet, my brother? Alright, Billy. Alright, I'll see you later. See you at Phoenix, brother. See you later. See you later. Alright, I'll see you later. See you at Phoenix, brother. La Machine. Hey, J. Got to tell you though, we just wrote show Thursday, Mokey's and Wanto. Did you hear the shirts that we got made up? Oh, please tell me. Is this a good surprise? You got to give us an address, we'll send you a couple. Yeah, I want the Opie and Anthony Express. Is that a train? We got those too, but we got the map of Hawaii on the front. Opie and Anthony, WNEW. Show explanation for the map. But is it an accurate map? We had to write Hawaii really small just so people wouldn't be stupid. Hawaiian Islands. Just says Hawaiian Islands, like on any map you say. No, you should have had like which islands which. Yeah, I wanted to have like all the islands. No, just saying Hawaii kind of, you know, puts it all together. I hope you didn't forget Kauai. You always got to squeeze out Kauai. Hawaii always ends up coming out. It goes out at Mokey's Thursday for the show. That is awesome. Doors open at 7, we'll be there at 8. Who do I have to make a call to get you guys indicated? Of course somebody hacking to make a call. I don't understand why those guys on Nationwide are really funny. I'm in trouble staying out of trouble in New York. Do you have a sheep in the car? Do you want to talk to everyone that's pissed off about the song? Yes. Wait, let me just say something here. Rick is over here trying to write the second verse. Oh no, if Rick's trying to write it. There's a remote chance that it's going to get played. If Rick's going to write it, it's really bad. Psycho Mark would have it. Rick is probably the most offensive person on this show. What are you writing, Jay? Isn't he horrible? Wait a minute. It's got a Gimmie Shelter vibe to it. My lyrics and Mike's lyrics are longer. His are clipped like Gimmie Shelter. Oh Mike, well I... Read it. I'm not reading that. Rick once again, completely over the top. Like when he took my picture with the Hoot. It's totally not even the least bit subtle. That last one is so in your face. I can't even read it. The first verse, this one is so bad. But at least the last one ended with damn that Hoor. At least there was some comedic value to it. No, there was a reason to it, almost a message. Yeah, it was like damn that Hoor, don't have sex with an intravenous prostitute. You could look at it as like a PSA. Exactly. Let's take the hate calls. Well we've got the Rainbow Coalition on line 11. Scott, what's up? Hey, how's it going? Alright, hi Scott. Actually I'm not from the Rainbow Coalition. I got through spaz. Did he ask you what's the Rainbow Coalition? There's a leprechaun on the line from the Rainbow Coalition? There's a spaz, there's a unicorn on three. Hey Jay, I've got a question for you. Hey Jay, I've got a question for you. You got a mohawk or a triangle? I'm like all over the place. I just shave it so I don't pull my hair when I masturbate. You redeemed yourself. I know you're a real pussy there for a minute and you weren't going to own up to writing the song. No, I read exactly what I wrote. I wrote Counting My Ribs. I was at your show at Rascals the other day when ONA wouldn't come up to the stage. Yeah. A couple of pussies there. No, we came up to the second show. Oh, the second show. Oh, thanks. The booze didn't kick in. We had a few more buds. Oh, so we could have booed you then. Or give us more Budweiser. Oh, okay. Lickety-split. No, the beer kicked in for the second show. We've got to loosen up a little bit. All right, Scott, we've got to let you fly. Syndication now. All right, man. Bye-bye. Bye. Look at Rick whispering. I've got an idea for you. Oh my God. All I've got to say to people, if you thought that was offensive, what Rick wrote, I can give you buzzwords. All right? Where's some? Let me see that lyric sheet, Rick. Rick writing the song. Rick, the guy that- I'm not done. I'm not done. The guy that pinned Latin baseball during baseball season, which was probably the single most offensive song ever played. All right, it starts out, all right, intravenous beatings every day. God, please help me. I'm fading away. I don't know why. Sounds like Metallica, doesn't it? I don't know why. Yeah. See, mine was a heterosexual. Our version was heterosexual because of Damn That Whore. Damn That Whore. Well, the guy could be the whore. Damn that little whore. That's you thinking of that. I don't know why. And then this is Rick. What's your last name, Rick? I'm not telling you. All right, Rick, who is uncircumcised, by the way. Hey. Reaction to be circumcised, and he goes, no comment. Hey. Remember? No comment. And I go, that means I growl. I just darkly translated into a yes. I don't know why. Hey. That's Markham. Is that Markham? Hey. Hey. Hey. Y-M-C-A. Hey. Hey. Hey. I can't even read this. I don't know why. Can I read this? Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. All right. And then he read the last verse. You're the sickest one here. No. I'm not going to read that. Oh, no. No. Let Rick read it. Yeah, Rick. He wrote it. Let Rick read it. Rick will read anything. Come on. Someone has to read it. I'm not going to read it. You read it. We've got copps and jerseys on our stomach. We'll get Rick. I'm going on an MD-80. Someone's going to bomb my plane. MD-80. Don't worry about those tail hydraulics because I'm sure we all took care of that. the line that says now blood and pus is all I cream? Oh, Jesus. Now look, I'm on this mic here. I moaned at the same time so there could be no confusion as to what it was. Right. Rick, man. What's the line before that? Why did I... Dump that, please. Jesus, man. That's gotta get dumped. Come on. That's just bad. You know, he brought everybody down. DeNicola left. DeNicola's canceling Caroline right now. He's like, maybe I can get the governors. Call MC. Strawberry, what? Is this true? What? Hold on. Strawberry failed another drug test? No way. Kenny. Yo. Is this true? Yes, it is. I'm just watching Channel 2 news, guys. Somebody else calling in with it. I'm going to give you a little what did I learn early today. Strawberry tested positive for cocaine again? He did. God. What is with that guy? Who knows? He's done. I got two words, Ricky Lede. Screw it. All right, guys. That's what I call for. Talk to you later. I'm going to give you a quick update. Wasn't he going for Howe's record? He's so... The coke machine. How many times did he test? Like eight? Nine? I think that's four now. He's halfway. No, I mean, but Howe was like nine? Howe was like seven. Seven. Seven or eight. So what do you think? Is Steinbrenner going to stand behind him this time or that's it? I'm a theory like this and it boils down to the John Rockers thing did not get reduced, correct? Correct. Right. I think he's going to win salary arbitration and they need revenue sharing in baseball. It's such a strong union. They'll never cave into that. Like football, the Green Bay Packers, there's like six people in freaking Green Bay and they can afford like Reggie White and Brett Farr. But baseball, the Royals are always going to suck. Everyone that's a smokehouse is always going to suck. Anyway, so he knows he's not going to win revenue sharing or salary cap. So anytime anything like this happens, he's going to shove it so far up their ass. Like Rockery, he was like 30 days a lot for saying queers were aides while we're on the subject. And then, like, the guy who wrote that song. That's right. That was it. And by John Rockers. He's back out of the studio. He'll be performing Full-Born Aids. And then, before he introduces Colin Quinn. Deena, you can run but you can't hide. I'm giving out your phone number over the air. Hey, Peter, what else you got on Strawberry? That's all I got. I just figured I'd let you guys know. I'll give you the heads up. How'd you like the song? Did you hear that song? That song's brutal, man. Yeah, it is brutal. It is brutal. Well, so is Full-Born Aids. It's very brutal. Yes, it was a message. I don't want to get that again. Damn that whore. All right, Peter. Damn that whore. Anthony, when you come to Bay Ridge, you know, we're patrolling around here. You better not have Massachusetts places. He's going to have to find you eventually. Come on. Come on. I'm a good guy. You got a phone, Carrie? Every listener carries a piece. This guy's a cop. Every listener's a cop. Yeah. The cops love us. We support the cops. We rule this damn town. Peter, thank you. Hey, when I come back in the summer, it's going to be Opie and Anthony, Stephen Lynch and Jay Moore at the Beatkin Theatre. We're working on that. We're working on that. We're working on that. Oh yeah. Come on. Hell yeah. If we're still around. No, you'll be around. You'll be around and we'll do, we'll do like, we'll just stay there until they kick us out. We'll do like a week straight. We'll see if, we'll see if my sellout streak's taking off. We'll go for the Allman Brothers record. That's right. We'll do like 30 dates. I think we should. We'll just set up a couch on the stage or something. I'll take a month off. Set up a couch on stage. We'll have Lynch come out. Deena Cole will sing full blown eggs. Lynch will come out and go, what do you want me to do? What do you want me to do? What do you want me to do? What? I don't know. What do you want me to sing? I did that one already. I write four songs and I do them all twice every time I come home. Oh my God. Hey, that's how it is. Hey, hey, look. He hasn't heard half of the song. Well, neither has the audience. Joseph. Hello? Yeah, Joseph. You guys are just asses. Okay, yes. Making a friend again. Have you ever seen a man die of AIDS? Yes, I did. I did extensive research when I did Playing By Heart. What the hell is so funny singing your song, Jay? Because you're gay anyway. You both die on men's asses. First of all, you sound like Joanne Worley. Second of all, I didn't sing the song. Third of all. Who sung it then? Who wrote it? This guy is for real. It's funny, right? Stephen Lynch sang it. Wait, Joseph, is that your real voice or are you trying to let this guy? This guy's not for real. Who's not? Joseph. Hello? Stephen Lynch sang the song. I don't think he's for real though. Who's not for real, bitch? Yeah, okay, Baba Booey. Baba who? Baba Miss, bitch. Come on, give us your real voice. There's no real voice. Here's his real voice. That's your real voice, the one potato, two potato down the village, bitch. All right, Stephen, I'm the one that's not making fun of you. This is Jay Moore. What is your primary anger here? Because it's not funny. It's awful. Yes, it is awful. Why don't you all need to go to an AIDS clinic and see someone dying and deteriorating of AIDS? I worked for a month at AIDS Project Los Angeles when I prepared for my role and I visited many, many, many, many sick people. Would you want to be ashamed of yourself for even being part of it? Part of it? It's the Opie and Anthony show. Anyway, joke, joke. That's me, Joseph. You're a bitch anyway. Yeah, that's me. I'll come down there and bitch smack you. No, I don't think so. Yeah. I've seen you staggering around the village a couple times. Yeah, sure you have. Shaking through the park a lot, walking on a cloud like a little bitch. Yeah, sure you have. How do you recognize guys on the radio? I know. I've seen them on the website. That was Jay Moore. I left a map of Miami on the screen. All right. Thank you, Joseph. What's that noise? Joseph? Is there a train? All right, bye. You just jumped track. He jumped off the track. I never saw anybody escape. I know. It's very hard to escape the train. At least you said it. At least you said the cat. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. At least you said the catchphrase. I get it. Really? Open your eyes and look at the catchphrase. We have a dopey catchphrase. Is that a train? What is Nikki? She wants ONA to play what CD? She's got a CD that she wants to do. What? Is she into this? She's got a single called Full Blown Edge. She's claiming plagiarism. All right, we've got to take a break. No, not on the words. On the music. She's claiming plagiarism. I'm grateful that Steve Lynch gets sued. Like, Kill a Cat is 8675309. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And then he thinks he bells out of it at the end by singing it like, hey, see everybody, I know what they think. Tommy Two Tones in the Village with a needle hanging out of his arm going, I had the number one song. What happened? I can't believe you refused to sing Special Olympics when you played that one today. You played Full Blown Edge. And the only reason I did that is because it's not my song. That's it. I'm not taking the heat for it. My friend, it's all on tape, my friend. It'll be on the best of. We've got to take a break. I want to hear Special Olympics. We've got to say goodbye to Jay next, I guess. I write three lines of an AIDS line. Kick down. My flight's in the morning. Can we play the Special Olympics on CD? Sure. Is that a blinds? Yes. I can't play it live. I need a capo for that song. Get ball. We'll be back. Steven Lynch says he has a nice song for us because he was listening to Corky Steinbrenner a little while ago. I like corn dog. This reminded me of a song. Special Olympics. It was a little something like this. Corky. And go. Watch them run. Watch them fall. Watch them try to catch a ball. Oh, Lindy, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Special Olympics. Oh boy. Watch them laugh. Watch them drool. Watch them fall into the pool that's diving. At the Special Olympics. You're searching pity. And I know full well That I will burn in hell But those guys playing wheelchair basketball Gotta be about the funniest freaking thing I've ever seen in my life At the Special Olympics Special Olympics! Take it quirky! At the Special Olympics! Oh, you're such a pretty ugly thing and my wedding might not get married Oh my god! Don! Ho ho! That's right, unemployment line, here we come! Hello? I thought I'd inject a little intelligence into this conversation here That has no place on this show I know that Both the end and the end today More stupidity on the way 1027 WNEW Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner Yes, aside from full blown AIDS, the best way to lose weight, stacker 2 What? What? What? I thought we were all having fun, why? What, Jay? We were talking about strawberry, telling us the drug test Okay I said every time something really bad goes wrong with the Yankees, they do really well And Hopey said, yeah, now someone's going to get cancer And as soon as Hopey said it, Deena Cole grabbed the pendulum, that's a good one Look at him right now, look, he's riding Mike Deena Cole of Caroline's Comedy Club Holy smoke Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner Who's the guy you don't recognize? There's a woman that used stacker 2, Anthony Yes? Lost 100 pounds Come on! Come on! Using stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner I can't believe that you're a lot It does three things, it burns the fat, crushes the cravings to snack in between meals Are you talking about fat marker? And it gives you a boost of energy And now? Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner Oh, stacker 2 is better than that Absolutely is, Jack Yeah, you can visit them on their website, www.stacker2.com You know who lost a lot of weight on that stacker? What? Alright, listen Give them a call at 1-800-LIGHTLINE, that's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E Start now and look great this spring with stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner 1-800-LIGHTLINE or stacker2.com on the internet Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner Thousands have proven it works Peace! Trainwreck Rings What's that a train? What's that a train? OP and Anthony, 1027 WNEW Alright, we only have a few minutes left in this trainwreck we call a radio show Yeah, fun today Gotta thank Steven Lynch for coming in today Thank you He'll be at our road show this Thursday, I'm okay, he's the one talking I'll be there in spirit J. Moore will not be there, blowing us off, thanks J Oh, come on! Screw the movie What's more important, a movie or your pals OP and Anthony? You guys are actually I could retire on my rascal's money What kind of part is this now, moving? Good? Juicy part? With the blood on it? That's why, hey you know, I was reading the website Instant feedback, yeah Yeah, instant feedback and a lot of people are complaining that it's not 18 and over And my message to them is, sneak in What do you retarget? That's what we say Yeah, sneak in, get a fake ID, give the doorman 20 bucks It's the computer age Sneak in or I'll print your own IDs these days Bobby! Almost print your own cash Bobby! Open it! What's up? You got a question for J? J? Yeah I'm going to Vegas, 6 in the morning Where you gonna be at? Why? Come on buddy, let's hang out You like your technique I'll actually be at a wardrobe fitting You're not doing any shows over there? No, no, I'm doing a movie Oh, that's no fun With Kevin Spacey and Helen Hunt and the little hailey Joel Osmond from Sixth Sense He's going back to his real life, this was just a little detour This is my day job No man, this is the best So you're going to do afternoon drive? Am I going to do it? Yeah, come on I might have to because these guys are going to mornings Alright, take care Dreamweaver Alright Bobby, Dreamweaver question 10-4 Well, okay Every day That's true Every day we can't get through a show without one idiot Kathleen! Hey, how you doing? Hey Kathleen, what's up? Hi J, how you doing? Hi, who is Dreamweaver? Dreamweaver was some big fat girl that Hold on Kathleen Yeah, sure I went to take horseback riding, I met her on the CV Out in California You've never heard this story? Oh, it's classic I met her on the CV, Dreamweaver All I kept hearing was like the song Dreamweaver And you thought she was like a real hot piece of ass? Yeah, so I get my horse and I get another horse, pack it up I mean I'm like paw angels And then you realize you're packing her Yeah, I swear I pull up with the horse like in tow The horse that she was going to get on looked at me pissed I swear to God, she was pretty huge She rode the lawn mower around college Shit Hi Kathleen Let's go back to Kathleen She was Dreamweaver, I was the Wrangler Hi Kathleen Hi, how are you? Hi Oh my God, I'm kidding I'm feeling very thing What? Go ahead Kathleen I just wanted to play what I learned today on the OP Anthony show Sure I learned that you give Stephen Lynch enough Yagami's that he'll say antoflashback them additional You could almost hear the big train brake lamp I know, I'm waiting Sparks are shooting out of the wheels I didn't understand what she said I didn't either I said that Hey Never mind Hey I can train for it anyway We wouldn't dream of training Oh no Crystal Marie just fell on her I've never heard that dead silence like that There are this many guys in here I know Amazing Like she just shut everyone up I haven't heard silence like that since Dean of Cold is last time at Caroline's Well, he'll get quite the ovation during the performance of the show I'm going to go to the bathroom I'm going to the bathroom I'm going to the bathroom I'm going to the bathroom I'm going to the bathroom I'm going to the bathroom I'm going to the bathroom He'll get quite the ovation during the performance of Full Blown AIDS I tell you Mike, when you're on stage, anybody who listens to O.B. and Anthony and they're going to scream like lunatics and you say, I wrote Full Blown AIDS and they're going to I'm not even joking I just did 20 We're at 23 now consecutive sellouts in every show O.B. and Anthony I'm in Miami, they're yelling People on vacation Anita Hey What's up guys You've got to make it fast, what's up Okay, I learned since you got here in the morning that we have Alyssa Wilkins and Dorcas and you guys, the task for a week, great radio Great, I loved it, the chicks love it Thank you Love it You guys are awesome Rock on syndication last week Alright Alright Make sure you practice safe sex Yeah If I'm practicing, bye Bye I'll be right over Well, we know Anthony doesn't have high standards He's screwing Dreamwaver though Dreamwaver That was back, way back, when? Come on, that was when I was in California Did you hit it? Be honest Hell no Oh shut up You saw her She got on the horse, we rode around I had this horse, both horses packed It was like the little rascals, like that swayback horse But I had the horses packed out for a full night of camping Like I was going to bring her up with saddle bags Like a little house on the prairie I mean I was going to hunt for her Thank you Alyssa, bringing back the memories She lost 2000 pounds on Fat Track And like after an hour of riding around I just said, oh look at the time, gotta go The horse that she was on was like foaming Like it just won the Belmont Stakes I figured I was going to hunt for her and stuff I had a gun and everything I was going to shoot like a rabbit and feed her Then I realized I'd have to beg a moose You're Ted Nugent? Yeah, I was ready to, yeah I was ready to do some hunting, you know Is that Stephen Lynch? It's down there, Stephen Lynch, listen Waiting for full-blown eggs I'd take more if I could get a cup of You got the order back Whatever No, I didn't Why not even make for the horses? It was my own horse, like I used to have horses What? Out in California Oh, is it Equestria? My dream weaver Yeah Dream weaver, this is the Wrangler You got your ears on? You're still set? You got your ears on, your stomach on, don't you? That big ass I can put my hands in my pockets when I'm naked She's fat, I tell you Poor thing Is that her or the horse? Is that her or the horse? I need an update I would love to get in touch with Dream Weaver now But I don't even know her name, have her on the show Why don't you get on your little ham radio? Dream Weaver Dream Weaver, I'm glad to be waiting for you 20 years Goodbye 20, what are you, 60? 20 years? No, it was like 20 years ago, I was a kid I was like 13 I was like 15 You were driving an 18-wheeler No, it was... It was a CB radio like in the house It was in the house There's no cool way to say it No, believe me, I know Don't worry about it Hey Mike, what's up? Mikey Yo You're on the air, let's go Yeah, I just want to tell you guys I learned today that you guys are devoid of art, class, morals and common decency That's what you want on a radio show Yes, alright, thank you Mike Thanks guys Peace I think we have to leave We didn't write it You played it Clear the Fields, come on Yeah, we gotta leave I gotta do a show Yeah Tubby Tom's coming on? Tubby Tom like it He only has a few left, we should let him start on time I conquered New York, what? Hey, Stephen Lynch, you got any other songs for us? Psycho Mark's like writing down lines for The Cancer Song Why are there racial slurs in it? With racial slurs in it Oh no I guess he's from Salvi Oh, where is he? He's in New York Is he? Tom's in New York? Tom! Bring Tom by He used to like broadcast from the Next Studio Yeah, when he was in New York We trashed him so much, now he's scared of us, he goes to the Westwood One Studios Now guaranteed he'll get on and start ragging about us, but Tom, we're still gonna be here, have fun Who won that battle, Mr. Ouch? Ouch Ouch What helps when you have high powered acts like Stephen Lynch and Bobby Slayton? Hey, wait a minute I was being completely serious Oh my God That was a complete... Wow You are so bad I'm full blown AIDS, that's not very nice I was being completely serious I've been serious I was being completely serious this morning, it was very funny This morning, what time did you get up? Thanks pal, Jay, my friend Can you believe the way Jay just lambasted you at all, Sean? He's pissed because $191 bar bill How do they round it to $191, Glenfinch, all their quarters add up You gotta refill those bottles and put them back in the mini one You know you drink a lot when you have to switch beers twice He went from Bud to Heineken to Sam Adams He's like, I guess I'm on Sam now Jay, to Stephen's defense, I know you don't drink, but Jesus Christ, not everything comes in a pill, you know? Come on, okay? Sometimes you gotta crack a bottle or a can or something I'm jealous I know, I did it too well, I just don't He drinks, he drinks the Nyquil Nyquil, that stuff's kick ass That's why I wake up at 2 I don't know if it's the bed or the Nyquil I got a new bed, I thought it was the bed and then you know It might be the Nyquil And the Klonopin You're mixing that stuff? They better not find you like Farley, man You'd be in your Rockaway bed covered in vomit No, God Oh, God Well, come on Well, why not? They'll come and they'll clean it up for you They'll clean it up, take away, they'll take away Jay Moore If I die in your bed, they'll come and they'll clean it up Imagine that, you call a Rockaway Bedding Town Hall away a dead body in your bed Jay Moore died in my bed He's calling a new bed It's a foamy green Nyquil Don't do it Little orange pills He took out a few too many It's like he coughed up a watercolor set I think he's going to dry the gargle with the listerine Wow Alright, we've got to wrap this up Yeah, we've got to get out of here I want to thank you guys for helping me sell out those shows I'd like to do it anytime And when you get back in New York What's in your pants? You've got to come in How long? Yeah, we've got to play the second round of What's in Your Pants We'll just make sure Rick gets a hold of me How long are you going to be filming for, Mr. Moore? 12 weeks Wow Keep us updated on Kevin Spacey and Helen Hunt and stuff Let us know any fun stories from the set I'll get the little kid on the show Yeah, do that And I'll let him do the Mohokeh triangle That could be cool I want to hear him say, I see dead people That's his big line You want to join in this week? Yeah, I want him to say it on the phone You're listening to Old Me and Anthony, I see dead people Yeah, that's our goal That's all we need the kid to say Hey, you know what? I don't promise many things Yeah You'll get it Alright I don't doubt it Did I deliver Hackett? Hell yeah How many whores in the last two months have been in this room? Well, we could do that ourselves Yeah, but that's not that hard That's not that hard Anthony, the other day he goes I'm more impressed with the buddy Hackett, trust me Anthony goes, relax your strippers And I go, yeah, for free They're munching on each other No one's saying, no one's, you didn't dump that No, I swear, I just hit the button It's way over here, I swear No, I would never deny the pimp-an Alright, absolutely That's what I learned today You know what I learned today, Old Me and Anthony is the best damn radio show in the entire country Alright, Jay Moore Jay, have a safe flight, okay? Back to his Hollywood life Thank you very much And we'll see you Thursday at the Roach job, okay? He's in Wadtox See you there And we'll see you guys tomorrow at 2