 Alright, here it comes. Anthony is evil, but Opie is worse than Hitler. We're off to a flying start here on the Opie and Krul and the Human Show. 1027 WNEW. We just got off the radar. Discussions about old bands, eh? Oh, geez, very important to world peace. And this person is so pissed, he says, Stop picking on has-beens. I bet that you will be doing the news like I miss 20 years from now. Ha ha ha ha. Uh, 66 WFAG. With my big cowboy hat on. Right. I got my bandana around my neck. And I plugged my brother's salsa in there. That's what I do on the show. It's good stuff. Quack quack. It's 6.13, 13 minutes after 6 o'clock. I miss in the morning. It is a good show, huh? Yeah, you want to talk about stuff in the news? Shut up, McCord. Ha ha ha. Yeah, see that jerk, uh, Bels's name. I don't even know. I miss in the morning, 6.13 and 22 seconds. Well, let me get the paper to help you out. Maybe. Moby Worm coming to get you. It's a privilege to have you in the studio, Mr. Imus. I know. Let's use your time wisely here. So I want to see you riff a little bit on, uh... Wait a minute. The minute hand just changed. I miss in the morning. 66 WFAG. It's, uh, 6.14. All right. Quack, quack. What do you think of the two guys that were saved from the 12-story plunge? Were they, um, on a building? Yeah, look on the front page. Front page of the paper. There's a picture of them. What do you think of them? That's my bifocal. Wait a minute. I gotta tie my bandana back around my neck. My neck wrinkles went right over the paper here. I can't... I don't know. Reel this in. I miss in the morning. It's not 6.15 yet. 6.14, 22 seconds. Yeah, yeah. Go ahead. So what do you think of the guys they saved from that building yesterday? Well, you gotta be a jerk being on the outside of a building. Baby! That was pretty good. I'm, uh, I'm riffing. Okay, what do you think of the grandma in Jersey that stopped the hijackers? Dopey old broad. Yeah, she was 81 years old. 81? 81, she was getting old. Wow, could be my kid sister. And, uh, she was getting... Is there time to play a Billy Saul Hargis bit? Uh, no, not yet. Time is in the morning. Very good. Wack, whack. Okay. What do you think of the grandma that was getting carjacked though? 81 years old in Jersey. She fought off this guy instead of giving up her car. No, she's a jerk. She's a jerk? No. And he's a jerk. Why? Well, that's what I do. I just say people are jerks. Time is in the morning. 66 FAG. Look, I got my cowboy hat on. Yeah, I see that. Living work in Manhattan and I dress like a cowboy fag. Right. Well, there's a lot of... Imas in the morning, 6, 15, 33 seconds. There's a lot of cattle in mid-time. Where's McCord? You want to do a little riff on Kathy Lee going bra-less, on Regis and Kathy Lee? You must have a good comment about that. Kitten cans and... Yeah, yeah. They hang like my neck wrinkles. I'm inventing the... Imas in the morning neck bra. Oh, yeah? I'm going to rip that up. Like big bosoms. Well, didn't you start your own promotion kind of like a Wednesday, but you have a little... Rip out your neck fat, baby. When you're on the highway? Yeah. Shut up. You missed your time check. Imas in the morning, 66 FAG, 6, 16. Very good. Shut up. You want to riff on anything else in the news? They're all jerks. Just a bunch of morons. What about the million-youth march? That's coming up soon. You must have something on that. Khalid Muhammad. What a jerk. Just a dope. Imas in the morning. Would you like to take some calls from your listeners? Nah, yeah. Yeah, put one of those on the phone line now. Alright. I don't know if they're going to want to talk to you. Joe, you're on Imas in the morning. Who's this? It's Don Imas. Hey, yeah, you're about the 83-year-old lady. Listen to this guy. Listen to him, McCord. What do you think about that, Imas? Yeah, baby. What? What do you think about that, Imas? My hearing aid came loose. I wasn't able to hear you, baby. Hey, Imas, how's that hot wife of yours doing? You sound like a hot chick, though. How's that hot wife of yours doing, Imas? I don't know. I haven't been able to get an erection in about 20 years. Yeah, baby. Alright, Joe, thank you. I'm going to use my bandana to try to tie up my hearing aid. Save that worth. You know what it's like staring at a young hottie like my wife? Yeah. And no blood flows down there? Yeah. Yeah, I'm pretty depressing. No wonder I'm a miserable prick. Yeah, baby. Imas in the morning, 618, 12 seconds. Quack, quack, quack. Baby! Would you like to talk to more of your listeners, Mr. Imas? We only have you for a few more minutes here. I think it's nap time for the rest of the show. Yeah, I think so. I think it's nap time for Don Imas. I'm a little tired and my throat hurts. Well, I see. It's kind of hard to do this. Well, there's one more question for... Alright, baby, Alan, you're on the air. Don Imas, Imas in the morning. Hey, Imas, I got a question for you. Yeah? How come you're on 102 stationers, Opie and Anthony still got more fans than you, you freaky twinker belt? I didn't hear what you said, but everyone's laughing, so I'll do it too. I don't know which one of you guys does that, Imas. That is absolutely the... That's better than him himself. That's amazing. No, Alan. Well, it's actually Imas in the morning here in the studio. Yeah, no, Alan, you got to understand, we work for the same company and Mr. Imas likes to stop in to our show every once in a while to make sure we're doing okay. Someone's got my colostomy bag. Got my colostomy bag. See, now... I keep it in my hat, baby. Here's a little pump that I store in my bandana. Here's a little pump that I store in my bandana. Pumps to your... Well, get the picture. Shut up, McCord. All right, Jim, you got a question for Imas. We only have him for a few minutes here. Yeah, are you going to get into the gay porn there with that little scarf you were on your head? Get into it. I've been doing gay porn for years, baby. Imas in the morning, WFAG, time check 619. Quack, quack. Quack, quack. How's Imas' voice holding out over there? Kind of hurts. There's a few more people that want to talk to Mr. Imas, though. Well, maybe... We'll see how long Mr. Imas can talk like Mr. Imas. Maybe Mr. Imas should take a... Or he turns into Reverend Al. Maybe Mr. Imas should take a swig of his beer over there. That might help him out a little bit, okay? Baby. Why don't you take a sip of that beer, Mr. Imas? Steve, what's up? You're a little goat. Yeah, baby. You didn't appreciate Billy Saul Hargis bits that I used to do. Imas in the morning, yeah. How in the hell did you get that young ice skating wife? What the hell did you do? A lot of cash and dope. A lot of dope? Yeah, yeah. She's hoping I drop dead, baby. She gets the Imas compound, which consists of my gay fag cowboy hat collection. Yeah, there's only two kinds of people that wear cowboy hats in New York. Right? Cowboys and fags? You know that, right? I ain't no cowboy, baby. I guess it makes you a peanut-pump behind. I know. All right, Steve, thank you. Adios. That was a great question for Mr. Imas. All right. Rich, what's up? Yeah, Rich Crespen for Don Imas. Is Imas there? Yeah, Imas in the morning. I want to know something. How come Opie and Anthony are always allowed to get into ripping on you and everybody else who works with this big conglomerate, but they can't touch Stern? Oh, Howard. Well, I... How can the manager not let them go off on Stern? But I saw Stern was stealing all your material. I've been doing a gay relationship with Howard for many years now. Me and Howard go... Yeah, we go both ways, boys and men. Greg, what's going on? Hey, what's up? I want to know how I am. Mr. Imas, how did you deal with the Y19K problem? Huh? Huh? What? The Y19K problem when the clock turned 1900. What did you do? Yeah, I was back at the turn of the century, right? Did you have to reboot your abacus? That's funny, baby. All right, you guys suck. All right, thank you. Man, a lot of good questions for you, sir. You got a question for Imas? Imas, in the morning, 622... No, no, no, wait, wait, wait. Two more seconds. I got a question. Imas in the morning, WFAG, 623. Imas, I want to tell you, your salsas suck. My brother's salsa? Yeah, you suck. I'm thinking of putting my picture on the front. Just call it fag salsa. It doesn't sell. Big cowboy hat wearing fag. It doesn't sell. Big cowboy hat wearing fag salsa. Fag salsa, baby. Hey, open Anthony, you guys suck. I gotta wear my spurs. Right. When I'm riding my boyfriend, I could spur him. Jay, what's up? Jay, you're on with Don Imas, the legend. You said you could do a colostomy bag under your cowboy hat. Yeah. I guess you could say you're truly a s***head. Yeah, baby. Speaking of, Tom. I'm a crap head. Talk to you later, man. You guys suck. Jay, that was too good, man. Too bad that didn't make the air. Dick, what's going on? Dick. I want to add. I haven't seen mine in a while, baby. It's shriveled up like a raisin. I think my neck is wrinkled. You ought to see that thing. Looks like a tortoise head been left out in the sun. Real small tortoise. So what's up, bud? I want to ask him if he ever did a socket to me. I gave McCord the rusty trombone. Right there, McCord? Yeah. He enjoyed it. I gave him a reach around and a couple of tugs. Yeah, baby. My throat really hurts. We're going to have to wrap up our little segment with Mr. Imas. His throat hurts. Ain't nothing Budweiser's going to fix, neither. Yeah, baby. Well, thanks for stopping by today. Thank you. You should kiss my wrinkled ass for being here. Yeah. Legend, Don Imas. Imas in the morning, 624. Bink, bink. W-F-A-G. It was really 625 when you said 624. 625. Oh, damn. No. I'm going to put on my pink hat, go down to the village. Okay. Go down to Christopher Street, baby, where they all dress like cowboy fags. There he goes. There he goes. He's out the door. We're going to prance him. Yes. I guess we've got to tell people we can't really confirm if that was the actual Don Imas. Oh, no, Opie, that was indeed Don Imas. Okay. There we go. We've got to bring it up again. We started the show with it. Got a little out there. There's new development. There is a huge new development. The man who died in the whale tank at SeaWorld down there in Orlando, the story goes the guy was hiding, he waited for the park to close, jumps in the tank with the killer whale, jumps in there completely naked. They find him, I believe this morning or yesterday, dead, still attached to the top of the whale, the killer whale. Look how you're making it sound. Still attached. Still attached. Well, he was found, the story, laying on top of the whale. Laying on top of the whale, dead as a doorknob, not floating on the top of the pool, still attached to the killer whale. And we were just trying to figure out how. Naked, Anthony, naked. No clothes, nothing. What is stuck? How he stayed on the whale. What is stuck to the whale? Hello? I don't know how he was staying on the whale. Hello, Bueller? Hello? Are you saying that perhaps he was trying to pleasure himself at the whale's blowhole's expense? Well, you come up with something better. I can't figure out any other way he would have still been there by morning. If he stayed there, the park closed, now everyone leaves the park. He figures, now's my chance. Dives in the killer whale tank, takes his clothes off. In the morning, 7 in the morning, whenever they show up and see him, he's on top of the whale. That is a long time to be up there. So maybe something had to be fastening him to the whale. Why isn't anyone else bringing this up in the media? He was doing the blowhole. It's obvious. Well. I think so. I think you're right. I think you're right. That's a sick F, if that's the deal. And then we figured, earlier we were saying the blowhole closes up when the whale dives. So perhaps as he was having a little fun, the whale decides to descend, closes the blowhole. Oh! All right. Well, there's an incredible development in this story. Yeah. The name of the whale. Yeah, this is very interesting. I'm not making this up. The name of the whale that the guy was attached to. Well, let me spell it out. Because I don't even know if we can say this on the air. You can say the whale's name. Tilicum. Or Tilicum. How's it spelled? Thank you, Anthony. It's spelled T-I-L-L. That's Til. Right. I. I. That's I. Okay. K-U-M. That's the name. That's the whale's name. That's the name of the whale. Tilicum. Tilicum. It's Tilicum. Tilicum. Who's laughing out there? I hear someone laugh outside. Who's laughing? Who was that? It's a Japanese whale. Who the hell was that? Who's laughing out there? That was the whale's name. It is the whale's name. It is the whale's name. It's the whale's name. The whale's still alive. Yeah. Gurgling a little bit. Do you think it was a sperm whale? Went from a killer whale to a humpback. Oh, oh, oh, oh, K-Rock. But that is a very interesting development there. Read it for yourself in the paper. Tilicum. Or Tilicum. You've got to say it real fast, I guess. Tilicum. Tilicum. Is that the name of the whale that the guy was stuck to? Yeah. You can't write stuff better than this, man. Yeah. You can try for hours. Well, the other whale, Touch a Snatch, in the next pen, was uninjured. I just want to make sure everyone knows that Touch a Snatch was fine. Can we bring Popeye in? Because Popeye has some experience with killer whales. Hey, Popeye. Yes? Thanks for coming back on the show. Well, blow me down. Now, can you explain the story? Why a guy would be naked on the back of a killer whale? Obviously, he was a Notskiggle man. A man of the sea. Because we used to do that. We'd be out at sea for a long time without any signs. When you're at seas for a long time, and there's nothing but semen on the boats. I mean, like semen. Sometimes you need a Pusky. Whales don't have a Pusky. They don't have a Pusky. Sometimes you need a Pusky. Whales blow hole, like a Pusky. Really? Well, it ain't seen one in months. Any types of whale. A hump whale, a sperm whale. It's kind of hard for Pops Guy though. Why? Well, I'm used to Ollivsk. She's like a little Gutsky. Little skinny Ollivsk. Gotta get what you can out there at sea. You figure that out, okay. So you get so desperate you jump on Whales Max? Well, you start with other sea-lifes. Yeah? Yeah, like a sea-litchkin. You ever touch one of those and they all fold up? Better than Ollivsk. Then you go for the bearded clams. It takes the clams. It takes your knife. And you start shucking. I shucked it and shucked it and shucked it. I'm quite the mother shucker. Ah-kak-kak-kak-kak. You just keep shucking till you got a juicy clammy mask in your hands. Ah-kak-kak-kak. Then you use that. I was shucking everything that moved through. Ah-kak-kak-kak-kak. You'll get the taste of you. That didn't work. It clamped shut on Popskies' member. My mighty member. Ah-kak-kak-kak-kak. So Popeye, have you... I've done a whale. You've done a whale, huh? It was out to seas. Monsk has gone by. I didn't have Pussky and Monsk. I didn't want to do the whales. You've got to grab the cute one though. Nothing worse than doing an ugly whale. Ah-kak-kak-kak. But nothing's better than a huge, livgen, breezgen, manzgul. Once you go whales, you never go back. Ah-kak-kak-kak. A lot different than Olives. Olives is a skinsky bitch. But no titskies. Ah-kak-kak-kak-kak. You'll scoop through the pees of you. Now, why wouldn't you do like the sea hag before the whale? Whoa! Not the sea hag. Oh, little cave. Ah-kak-kak-kak-kak. I'd rather have blowhole than a sea hag. You ever see the heggie? Smells like a chum. You know when you throw chumps, folks? That's the sea hag! Ah-kak-kak-kak-kak. Whimsky wouldn't do her for free burgers. You're the daughter of the D.W. Whimsky can fit into a shrimpsk. You've never done sea life? No, I can't say I have. There we were. Tentacles to testicles. Me and the octopusky. Ah-kak-kak-kak-kak. Do you get crabs from the sea life? I had a crab once. Oh, tight. You gotta watch the claws on your test wiggles. Ah-kak-kak-kak-kak. Whimsky's got a sea dog heel. Ah-kak-kak-kak. More to throw the key to heel. I'm Popeye the Sailor Man. Ah-kak-kak. When there's nothing to nail, you should grab you a whale. Says Popeye the Sailor. Ah-kak-kak-kak-kak. Popeye the Sailor. Ah-kak-kak-kak. GIF. Opie and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. Today I'd like to talk to you on a very serious note. Because this is the story of a man overcoming monumental physical pain and suffering. I went to the DMV today and it was really, really ugly. There's nothing funny about what you're about to hear. Everything was organized. I went in there. That's such a part of just being like a man. I went in there. That's such a part of just being like a man. I was going to motor vehicle and registering. Work with me, son. So I get to the lady and I must say, the nicest DMV lady ever. Ever. She wasn't the problem this time. The last three times they were the problem. Alright, so she's going through all the forms like, okay, we'll get you out of here, isn't that jiffy? Right. And she's going through all the stuff and I'm like, alright, finally, fourth time going to DMV to get my vehicle registered. This is it. I'm finally going to have New York plates. I must be told today's world can be namby-crabby. All of a sudden she says, okay, I just need a copy of the title. What? Is this the title? I start to panic. What to do? So I had to get the leasing company on the line. This was the last time I went to send me the power of attorney basically saying it's okay to register the car in New York State. Alright? You would think the people when they're sending that would send a copy of the title knowing I'm going to need that as well, Anthony. No, you can't expect them to do that. So I don't have the title. So now I can't do it. So now I'm ready to go home, which means I'd have to go back to the DMV for the fifth time. No, no, no! So then the lady sees the panic on my face. She goes, look, can you get the leasing company to fax it over, the title? If I get a fax of it, boom, you're out of here in two minutes. I'm like, no problem. He realizes he's got to get it. So I go out in the hall. It's key to the story that you know I only had 70 cents in my pocket. I call the leasing company and I explain my situation. I need the title faxed over to the DMV. The lady says, I can't do that for you. You have to talk to Judy. Judy is busy with another customer. You'll have to call her back. Click hangs up on me. No, no, no! I don't have enough money to call damn Judy. So what do I do? I drive all the way home. He figures. What the heck? And I call Judy and I give her a piece of my mind. I say, Judy, listen, you have to fax a copy of the title to DMV right now. Will there be a problem? She says, no problem at all. Will you do it now? She goes, yes. I go, okay. I am going to leave my house for the DMV. I expect that title to be faxed when I get there. That is beautiful. All right, it gets better. So I go back to the DMV. Everyone knows now because I was there an hour before or whatever. I spend 20 minutes staring at the fax machine, waiting for a copy of the title to come through. What to do? What to do? 20 minutes later, it is not coming through the fax machine. He said it would not work. After 20 minutes away in the DMV, I am like, okay, there is a problem. Now I have to make another call. I don't have any change. No, no, no! So I am at the customer service. I explain, look, the lady was supposed to fax it 20 minutes ago. I have been staring at the fax machine. There is a problem. I need to use your phone. She goes, there is a phone in the lobby there or whatever. I said, no, I have one nickel. I can't make a call. The lady, supposedly part of customer service, goes, you will have to talk to a supervisor. His arm arose. I go, it is a god damn phone call. Give me your phone! Sir, you are building bridges. You are making friends. Now the real friendly teller heard me screaming at the lady and she goes, and she goes here and she hands me a cordless phone. I go, thank you. And then I turn to the customer service lady and I go, was that hard to do? He got up and got one. So I call the leasing company again and I go, hi. Remember you said you would fax it in 20 minutes? I have been staring at the fax machine. Guess what? Nothing is popping out. What is the problem? Oh, I will fax it right over. I made a copy of it. It was too light, blah, blah, blah. I am like, will you fax it right now before I come back in here with an automatic weapon and shoot everybody? And did she? She did. She did? 15 minutes later she sends it over. You've got moxie. And don't let anyone ever take that away from you. And then I paid my 72.50 so I wrote the check and I got out of there. Young man, do you ever look back and wonder what would have happened if you had just given up, if you hadn't followed your dream? I took five trips to DMV to get my license and my registration. And I think we have all learned a lesson from this. You've showed us that while no man is an island, one man can make a difference. And now I am registered in England. That's pretty cool. I'd say you are very cool. A very cool cat indeed. Hello? I thought I'd inject a little intelligence into this conversation here. That has no place on this show. I know that. Okie and Anthony, more stupidity on the way. 1027 WNEW. A lot of people want to know if Corky Steinbrenner will be making an appearance today to congratulate Coney on his perfect game. Wait, I hear him. Oh, there you are. What's up? It's Corky Steinbrenner, everyone. Not the strong boss from the 1970s. All of a sudden I'm a little wrinkled old man that's so sensitive I cry every two seconds. Corky Steinbrenner, I see you have your crazy Eddie outfit on. Same outfit you've been wearing since 1977. That's how I dress. I wear my turtleneck and my little sports jacket. You were wearing that same outfit yesterday even though it was 100 degrees. You must have been sweating your bollies off. I was wearing this with my fired billy button. Oh, Billy, where are you? I miss you so much. Thurman. Thurman, ah! JFK Jr. We hardly knew ye. Ah! Well, was it nice to have Yogi Bird? Yogi, Yogi, Yogi Bird Day. Who can ask for more from a day of baseball? You never thought you'd see the day of that, Yogi? Yogi in the park again! Wait, what was that? Ah, Yogi in the park again. Oh, it was so good. He looks like Yoda, though. Yoda, Yogi, what's the difference? So you must be proud of Kony. Kony! Pitching the perfect game yesterday. Perfect game! He's the best pitcher in baseball! He sure is. And you had Don Larson there. Don Larson! What a man! Let's not forget his perfect game from 1956. 1956! And did you see the picture of me in the paper with... with... ...Daryl! Daryl! He's the best crackhead in baseball! We're going to give him another crackhead in... Yeah, in August, huh? Yeah. Okay. If we could keep him away from the horns! He loves those little horns! One cracker and another! He's trying to get his nose in it! Well, let's not forget about Mattingly. Mattingly! Back in the stadium yesterday. Mattingly! He's got his play... ...proud of Yankees on the back! You got Gorky Steinbrenner in the stadium! I used to be so strong in the 70s! I never shed a tear! Remember me yelling to Reggie all the time! Sure did. Reggie! Reggie! Reggie! I missed you so! Look at me now! I'm a blubbering fool! I used to be able to fire people up to the right! I didn't care! I didn't care! Do you remember what you said in the locker room after... ...you guys won the World Series last year? I don't know! I was crying! I said, the Yankees are the best team in baseball! Oh, and Dave Linfield! I love him! I love him! Sure you do. All right, Gorky. The Bronx Mom is the best team in baseball! I'm the boss! I can't believe how lucky I am! Do you have any thoughts on a huge Yankee fan... ...that passed this weekend? Oh, Reggie Jr. Why did he have to fly? Why? He worked his life's arm in day! And Randy Rhodes! And my favorite guitar plays! Why? Leave the flyer to professionals! You won't see me fly if you're here! This dude could forget Stevie Ray in the helicopter! And Jim Croce! Let it stand there! Why? Don't forget Buddy Holly! Buddy Holly! Hey, Julianny, I need a new stadium, please! Can I have a new stadium, please? Hey, you need a Kleenex? All right, Gorky. Well, Gorky, thanks for stopping by the show today. I used to be so strong when I happened to be. I look like a woman. Thanks for letting me on your show, guys! You are my father's two biggest fan souls in radio! Gorky Steinbrenner, everyone. Gorky Steinbrenner, everybody. One, two, seven, WNEW. How many of these are going to speak? Float like a cinder block and sting like foam rubber. I want another fight with smoldering Joe Frazier. The thriller in vanilla and chocolate. What? I did too many of those Decon Forgon commercials. All right, Mohammed, set off the Decon Forgon in the room. The bomb for the bugs. Remember who was doing those commercials? Decon Forgon knocks them down! Knocks out the bugs! I know, you didn't get it right. Set off another one. Decon Forgon! Oh, Mohammed, we didn't have the light right. Okay, set off another Decon Forgon. That's probably what did it. Insecticide. I would knock it out by DDT. I would get like a boat. Float like JFK Jr. And sting like a marshmallow. That's quality stuff. I am the greatest. Opie, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass, you're obviously a scry. The Opie and Anthony Show. It makes me sick. 1027 WNEW. This is FM Talk, the 1027 Talk. You can't ignore it, it's Opie and Anthony. Hey, you want in on our stupid radio show? Give us a call, 212-757-1027. It's filled with a bunch of nonsense, this radio show. Of course. But we like it. Nonsense is good. I hope you do too. Our first female, Amy. Hello? We like putting the women right on the radio. Okay, well, good to know. No waiting. Yeah, no waiting for the ladies because most of you guys are scared of us. No. All right, Amy, what do you have for the show today? This is bad. I was in high school and I was a freshman. And you know, working on being popular, you know, all the games you play in high school. And I come home one day and my mom's like, oh, listen, this is really sad. I ran into Mrs. So-and-so at the supermarket. And you know, her son doesn't have a date to the senior prom. So I just told him, I told her to just tell him to have you on the show. And I'll tell him to have you go with him. And it will be great. You know, he's a really nice guy. He's like the dorkiest guy in the entire high school. And your mom got you your prom date. I'm like, you can't do this. I'm a freshman. I don't even want to go to the senior prom. I can't do this. You know, like this could ruin my social career. She's like, no, you got to do this. It's just awful. My mom used to try to set me up with the bank tellers at her bank. Oh, that's cute. That is nice. And your mom's trying to set you up. You know what's weird about moms? What they think is cute and what you think is cute is two different things. Oh, yeah. Oh, there's this lovely cute little girl at the bank. And I think you guys would be perfect together. So you finally go in with her, you know? Because she can make small talk with your mom. You're like, ooh, ah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. She can make small talk with my mom so I should be dating her. Yeah. It's like, mom, I'm looking for something more in a hose bag at this time of my life. My mom is just known for that. She worked all the time. She was always trying to do extra things to help you out socially. She packed my sister's lunch and my sister comes home crying from school. She was sent home. She went to Catholic school. My mom had packed her lunch and you know how you would wrap up sodas and tin foil? She wrapped up a can of beer by accident. My sister got sent home from school. Rock. That's a cool mom. Like peanut butter and jelly and bud. I never had the cool lunch. No? I was always the guy trying to upgrade my lunch with my pals. Really? Oh yeah. I never wanted to do that because I was skeeved out by anyone else's mom's hands touching the food. Do you want to trade this sandwich? I'm like, ah, you're skeeving mom's hands all over this thing? I'd get a bruised apple for snack and my buds would have homemade chocolate chip cookies or homemade brownies. I'm like, come on, man. Trade. I know the horror you went through with the school lunch student, especially with the bag. I never wanted the brown bag. I never wanted the little brown bag. I wanted a lunch box and every year, damn it, I got a lunch box. I had my Lost in Space lunch box. You know, one of my brothers should call up with the thermos, but I remember... Because you're hitting a real soft spot in my family. You should just hear what Opie had to go to school with for his lunch. The bags. We were so poor. You're poor, Opie. We were so poor. I'll tell you the story. Yeah, like Anthony said, everyone has... Look how embarrassing this is. It's the Big King Gulliver. I'll tell the story, you ass. I'm the Big King Gulliver. If my brother calls... That's great. How embarrassing. He would be suicidal to tell the story on the air, but basically, like Anne said, you know, all your friends had the cool lunch boxes. Maybe like, I don't know, the Brady Bunch lunch box or the Scooby Doo lunch box. Open it up. You got your little thermos in there for your little fruit cup or something. Right. And your drink and your sandwich all nice and wrapped. Sure. And then if you didn't have the lunch box or you didn't want one, you could go to the store and buy the little lunch bag. No, no, I'll explain. The lunch box were given to the kids whose moms really cared. Right. Then you had the kids that came in, like you said, with the small brown lunch bag. You could go to the store and buy a big stack of those. Right. Oh no, it cost too much money to get the small brown paper bags for my lunch. See, we were so poor. Like Rick... Rick guessed about two minutes ago, my goddamn lunch, a lousy peanut butter and jelly sandwich and a bruised apple were... That's it. It was just like two little things. Were in a huge, huge wallbounds paper bag. The one they packed the groceries in. And then what was your carrying style? Would you carry the whole thing or roll it so it's just like the big bottom of the bag and it's huge, rolled up? It gets worse. It gets worse. We brought the bags home, home after lunch. You had to fold them up and bring them home. That's pretty bad, man. So we could put the book covers on our textbooks. You made them out of the paper bags. Yeah, so like my science textbook had a big, huge wallbounds on the front. Well, my friends had the cool Star Trek book covers. So they were dual purpose, Anthony. They were used to carry my lousy sandwich and bruised apple to school and then we had to bring them home so we could make book covers. It has your name written on it too? Oh, fakes. Because then when you leave that with your coat, you have your whole thing set up, everybody knows it's your bag if your name's on it. Oh, the big shopping bag. I knew my brother would call. He's a bitter man. Elmo! Hey. What's up, man? Is this a nightmare or what? Why are you bringing this up? You know, it gets dark at 4 o'clock. I'm already suicidal and you have to bring that up. I mean, we would take these huge King Kong bags and roll the top down and fold them and do whatever we could to mimic the smaller bags. We looked normal. But once I also got a cement bag from Dad. Wait a minute. One of those huge cement bags. We were done doing the sidewalks around the house. Like a SACRETE bag or something? Yeah, one of those huge bags. It still had powder in it? So we put the food in that and rolled it up. I'm like, you've got to be kidding me. A cement bag! It was unbelievable. Trust me, my brother says it. It happened. I'm dying for you. A cement bag. This is like the shame of our family. I still can't go shopping and get paper. I always have to go plastic just to erase the memory. Elmo, you notice how like Ant's telling all his horror stories from growing up and I'm keeping my mouth shut? I know. I'm like, oh my God. That's like going to a spa. I'm like, I'm just biting my lip because I don't want to have a nervous breakdown live on the air. Come on, I'd love it. It'll make you feel better. Tell Antony about the sugar and margarine sandwiches at Grandma's house. Oh, a delicacy. Why do they feed the kids? I'm diabetic now. I wonder why. What did they do? Well, my grandma had a beach house out there in Wading River. That sounds pretty fancy. It sounds fancy. It was a nice little house. It was great. She had about 40 grandkids. At least. So she would just break out a loaf of Wonder Bread, just on the table, quick margarine, all the way down. She'd bake like 20 sandwiches at a time and then just pour sugar on the butter. And give it to kids. And give it to us. Like they weren't wired enough. And then we'd bounce around. Bing, bing, bing. And we'd go outside to get fried by the sun because we didn't wear sunscreen. Wait, they wouldn't put sunscreen on you? I don't tell the whole story, man. Kids are on crank getting burnt. Number one, we'd go swimming in the ocean without any kind of supervision. We'd have no suntan lotion. We'd be eating sugar. I mean, the ocean is a paradise. And then we'd be so burnt from the sun that we couldn't move, right? And what did we have to sleep in at night? The army blankets with the sand. It was like we were climbing on sandpaper. Those old army blankets, the real rough ones? Yeah, those dark green blankets. And we used to make tents out of them. And we're talking, we were so sunburned, like our eyelids were red. And like our underarms were red. And we'd have to sleep on top of sand. And then we'd have to sleep in these army cots with an army blanket. We might as well have been sleeping on insulation. Because it was the same feeling between the army blanket and the sand that happened to be there from the last person that slept in the army cot. And if it wasn't sand, then it was full of sugar, which is the same as that. Oh my God, that's some upbringing. It was great. All I wanted was like the lousy little brown lunch bag, little sandwich. I know, I practically have to like stick people up. Not for the lunch money, but for their lunch bag. Like, give me the bag. The last thing you wanted to do going to school was look different. I swear to God, you just wanted a conformed fit in so no one would give you crap. Because the second you try to do something different, you're marked an outcast. And if you're the big lunch bag guy, people call you the big lunch bag guy. The cement lunch bag guy. That's the truth. But in the winter, I wouldn't wear my jacket because I'd use it to camouflage the huge lunch bag. Now I go home with a cold. It's just a nightmare. It was interesting. All I wanted was the sandwich. Remember the kid in school in the cafeteria that might as well have been the drug dealer? He came in with the little plastic baggie of chocolate for the chocolate milk. It was like this powder stuff that everyone would gather around. Man, put a little in my milk. Put a little in. What you got, man? What do you have for me? I'm the chocolate man. Here we go, kids. I got chocolate. And like his buddies would all, you know, just I keep a little for my head and then I get rid of the rest. The chocolate milk kid like rules. I never got the chocolate milk. You're kidding me. I remember that. And he would like dole it out to his buddies so that the milk just, it was still like the color of milk, just vaguely brown. But yeah, we're drinking chocolate milk and you suck. Wow, I do suck. I try to trade the bruised apple or the bruised pear for that, but it never works for some reason. Why were fruit was a very low commodity on the ladder? Elms, when we were growing up, why were our apples so damn bruised? Because they had so much room to bounce around in those stupid lunch bags. All right, Elms. All right, I'm going to go and slip my wrist now. What's that, a train? What's that, a train? Opie and Anthony, 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW, it's the Opie and Anthony Show. Facts line 212-957-963. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. Oh, dude, man, God damn. I hope I didn't get any on you. It's the dust that came off the board too. Why you think I'm sneezing? Yeah, but do they ever dust this thing? You just got to use that mic. Geez, you got like the cancer victim mic over there. What? I don't know what the freaking morning guy has, but you talk into the same mic he does every day. The chick sprays it though. Yeah. After her show. Facts line 212-957-9639, and we got some Alan Greenspan audio. Oh, my God, it's hilarious. He's funny. He's like the Wizard of Oz, this guy. Alan Greenspan, of course, the most important person in America. Yeah. Kids, don't be fooled. Don't think like the President of the United States is the most important man in America. No way. I don't even think he's in the top 10 anymore. He's just a figurehead. He is totally a figurehead, like not even the Queen of England, like the King of England. Just useless. Alan Greenspan, when he talks, the economy works or doesn't work. Right. The market goes up or down. Right. If you know anything about Alan Greenspan, I mean, everyone on Wall Street, they listen to what he says. He's in charge of interest rates and things like that, you know. And then the whole economy shifts just because of what he says. It's a delicate balance. He's like the guy who's spinning plates on sticks. And sometimes you got to like, you know, leave one stick alone for a while and spin the ones on the other stick. And then you're like, oh, no, the sticks on my feet are slowing down. All right. I won't pay as much attention to the sticks on my shoulder and I'll spin these plates on my foot. So it's a delicate balancing act of raising and lowering interest rates and determining inflation and unemployment and all kinds. It's a big stool of financial crap that he stirs around. Can I tell you something? That magic trick with the plates and stuff. Yeah. Always stresses me out when I have to watch it at home. It's slowing down on his foot. Oh, my God. Well, it gets there in time. It freaks me out. I saw a guy set a record of spinning basketballs on his body. And he had like the things on his kneecaps and his feet and his fingers and his head, his nose, a chin everywhere. And he's spinning. He starts the first one and he's got like, all right. He's got 35 to go. And I'm looking at that first one going, oh, geez, it's wobbling. Oh, it's wobbling. It's got to fall off. Like we need more stress in our life. We can't just, you know, enjoy. I know. I feel stressed out. You're absolutely right. The spinning plate guy. He's spinning plates. We can't enjoy it. He used to watch like Merv. Hey, it's the spinning plate guy on Merv. This is great entertainment. But Alan Greenspan is like that. Yeah. So he talks. And he never says anything that anyone can really understand. It's hard to decipher what Alan Greenspan says. Thank God. It's kind of like World War II where we're trying to decipher the code. Yeah. I have the enigma code. Right. It's like some kind of a code that he talks in that we can't quite understand. But the people that run things, I think, understand. And he talks and the market reacts. You know, I think we as a country should keep this guy very, very happy. Just send him hookers every day. Whatever he takes. Hookers for Alan Greenspan. He should have been getting hummers in the Oval Office. Is he married? Does anyone know his... He is married. Can you imagine if he has a bad morning with his wife? He could wreck the entire world economy. Oh my God. Could you imagine that? Alan! What are you doing with your underwear on the floor? Shut up, you bitch! I'm going to raise interest rates to full points! Mark it up on it, you sons of bitches! Damn, this is dangerous! So we got audio of Alan Greenspan. Try to figure out what he's saying. The whole economy is influenced by what he is saying today, okay? Yeah. Listen to this. Our challenge in monetary policy is to foster as best we can the financial conditions that will allow this economic expansion and technological revolution to continue as long and as vigorously as possible. Yeah. Yes, Alan, we're listening. What are you saying? We're going to what? What should I do then? You know what he's like? You ever watch those shows where there's like this all-knowing, all-powerful being and the poor little human guy or the poor just regular guy asks him, what do I do or when should I fire at the monster? What should I do? And they go, you'll know when the time comes. And you go, oh no. Could you just tell me? When the time is right, you will know. Like help me out, will you? Like could you just give me a time around about ballpark? Throw me a bone, will you? Mr. all-knowing guy. All right, so Alan Greenspan spoke. We have another clip. Try to decipher what he's saying here. Experience has demonstrated that an essential ingredient in this prosperity and an ingredient for which the central bank has ultimate responsibility over the long run is low and stable inflation. What? You will know more when the sun and moon are one. Right. When the cows wag their tails and the dogs sleep with the cats. What? Every word was perfectly picked. You notice that? Yeah, every word. He's got to. Carefully. He has to because if he says the wrong thing or if it's even interpreted as the wrong thing, the economy will suffer. All right, let's listen to the last Alan Greenspan quote from today. See if you can figure it out. Priced stability removes a major source of uncertainty and distortion that would otherwise interfere with the spending and savings decisions of households and businesses. Maintaining price stability also reduces the likelihood that imbalances could develop that would ultimately undermine economic expansion. What? Holy mother of pearl. I feel like I'm in advanced trigonometry again The professor is doing the problem on the board like, okay, you start and you're like, okay, I follow that by the end. You're like freaking out like, oh, I lost you somewhere. Oh no, I don't understand a word he's saying. You're just sitting there, I remember that with the teacher. This would heat up inside and get all like hot like, oh no, I had him, I had him the first few words and I lost him somewhere and I haven't gotten him back. I'm going to fail. I haven't understood a word he said in 10 minutes. He's right and I ain't catching this. But you start concentrating and it's like, okay, I got it. You get the first few, maybe the first line of the problem, you know, 20 lines into the problem. You're just like sweating and you're heating up and you're just like, oh no, oh no, Alan, should I buy yourself? What should I do right now? Let's go to Brian. Brian, you're next on WNAW. Hey, what's up guys? This guy's reminded me of the Darth Vager bitch you guys used to do. Oh, our old boss. Yeah, he's like the Darth Vager of the economy or something. Hey, boss, when are we going to do an appearance next? Could you like tell us when our next appearance is? I am Darth Vager. The appearances will come when the time is right. We must first move the Death Star into proper position. Then the appearance will be based on the military might of the planet we are surrounding. But Darth Vager, we just want to like go out with Budweiser and have some party with our friends. Darth Vager? Yes. Are you going to be raising interest rates in the near future? That will be determined at a later date based upon, well, which way I tie my shoelaces. Yes, both be one canopy. I am the master. I don't know. Maybe I'll raise interest rates. Let me flip this coin. Darth Vager. Yeah, Greenspan is like him. Vinnie! Hello. Vinnie actually knows what Alan Greenspan is trying to say today. All right. Go ahead, Vinnie. It's real simple. This guy is like a retard, first of all. He is like 90 years old. Last time he would talk, the gas was 80 cents a gallon. All he talked about was what he talked about prices being important. Yeah. That's all he talked about was inflation. That if prices don't rise, the economy stays the way it is. Vinnie is the brainy kid in the front row. We don't like you, Vinnie. You are with the AV squad, aren't you? You know where to put the paper clip when the film starts jumping. I never knew. Where did the AV kid used to put the eraser on the pencil when the film went... And he made it straighten right out. I was jealous of that because I never knew where to put it. FOBIE FAMFODY. 1027WNEW. I'll do this one for all the animal lovers since they like gerbil so much. Uh-oh. It's a sing-along, too, so everybody feel free to join in. I'm a father of mousetables. When the game of life makes you feel like quitting, It helps a lot if you kill a kitten. Mark my words, because from where I'm sitting, You can't go wrong if you kill a kitten. Look at those balls. There's no crime that you'll be committing. I know the law, you can kill a kitten. And if you need yarn for that scarf you're needing, You'll get plenty when you kill a kitten. Feed it turpentine or break its spine. Crush it with your shoe as long as you kill a kitten. Kill a kitten. Listen up. If the one you love isn't quite as mitten, She'll like you better when you kill a kitten. And I'll quote the Bible, because that's where it's written. If he loveth Jesus, he must kill a kitten. Throw him at a train, make him snark cocaine. Drown him in a lake, bake a kitty cake. Flush him down the can, hit him with your van. Stick some TNT up his cup of tea. Do what you must do as long as you kill a kitten. Kill a kitten. Meow. Kill a kitten. She got to kill a kitten. Alright. Killing kittens isn't easy. And if the thought makes you feel queasy, Get the pitchfork from the shed. And kill a puffy dog instead. Kill a kitten. You got to kill a kitten. A little furry kitten. You got to kill a kitten. Kill a mother. You got to kill a son. Kill a little f***ing tater. Kill a man. To 8-6-7-5-3-0-9. To 8-6-7-5-3-0-9. Meow. Steven Lutz, everyone. Static. Opie and Anthony, 2-7. Then, more static. 1027 W-O-N-A. I'm here. There's a guy on the line that got very injured. Oh. The Gay Pride Parade. I was very injured at the Gay Pride Parade. Yesterday, huh? Oh. So what happened to you? Well, I went down there because it was for Gay Pride. Yeah. But I thought it was, gay was happy. Like, in the Flintstone song, we'll have a gay old time. So you thought just, it would be very fast if people would be just having a happy time. Oh, I was wrong. Yeah? Boy, the weather yesterday, it was the Triple H's. What do you mean, the Triple H's? Hazy, hot, and homo. Oh, come on. I didn't know. Oh. I wanted to march in the parade. Yeah? So I just joined in. Uh-huh. And a young man said, march in front of me. I'll bring up your rear. No, he did. He did. Oh. And I started chanting with the rest of them. Because I didn't know. We're here. We're queer. We're fabulous. Get used to us. We're here. We're queer. We're, oh. That didn't go over too well. No. Then I went on one of the rides they had set up. What do you mean, they had rides at the Gay Pride Parade? Richard Gere's Tunnel of Terror. Oh. It's like a slide. It's like a slide, but you dress up like a gerbil. And slide in. And I was banged about on some faux intestines. Oh. Oh. And I had just gotten back from England. Yeah? So I got used to calling cigarettes fags. Okay. So I was going around going, hey, give me a fag. I need a fag in my mouth now. I said, look, I'm dying for a nice big fag to suck on. And all of a sudden this grown man puts his stuff in my face. Oh. Oh. Well. You could imagine my shock. Yeah, how was it? I'm suing for that. Oh. So I ducked out into a bar. All the stools were upside down. That old gag. Oh. But I did find some lovely ladies in there. Oh, ladies at the gay pride. Well, I'm quite the stud. I was making time with them and making out at the bar. Oh, yeah. This poor girl, though, like she had something in her throat. Why? That she couldn't swallow because it was making a lump in front. Ah. I was going at it. That was a dude. Oh. Because then I saw something twitching in her dress. So I picked up a bottle and hit it. And she punched me. I thought it was a rat. Oh. Then some man asked if he could push in my stool for me. That old gag. So I ran out of there and caught the parade, more of the parade. Yeah. I saw the baton twirlers. Yeah. They were spinning the batons. But you should see how they catch these things. How do they catch them? Well, put it this way. They could do a handstand and catch it. Because that's what they were doing. Oh. All I know is I maybe had too much to drink. And I woke up dressed as the Indian from the Village People with my ass burning in a place called the Pile Driver. Oh. So I'm showing all involved. I'm very injured. I can't sit down. God damn it. All right. Well, I'm sorry to hear that you got injured. No. The gay pride parade. Oh. Are you done? I'm done. All right. There goes the guy that got injured at the gay pride parade. This is debauchery mania. Prostate exams for everyone. Good afternoon. Hi. I'm going to be in the Nevada area in about a week. I got your pleasure menu. Could you hold on a minute? I'm sorry. I have Tourette's syndrome, which makes it hard to communicate. Oh, no problem. Any prices, hon? Yes. OK. Well, house minimum starts at $100. That's for a basic one activity party. $100? Wow, that's pretty cheap. That's where the prices start. And then from there, the sky's the limit because all the ladies are independent contractors. You don't think the girls would mind being with a guy with a... That's no problem, hon. Handcaps, no problem. Oh, good. So I could come down and get a girl and climb aboard and start going... Well, you have to come in and discuss that with the lady. So for $100, could I put my head between her... Could I do that? Yeah, I'm not allowed to discuss that on the phone. You have to discuss that with the lady, OK? Oh, I just want to warn you that when I get in the room and things get hot and heavy, I can get a little wild, you know, when I get... Is that OK? That's no problem, hon. Do you take the fees? The fees? The fees? A mess card? Yes, we do. Could I bring a muzzle so I don't clamp down on anything I shouldn't be? That's fine. Do you think a girl would mind when I start... You have to come in and discuss with the lady. Are they pretty women? Very pretty. This might sound like a strange request, but... Do you have any girls that aren't that attractive? All of our ladies are very nice. High up... Jungle fever? Do you have any black girls? We have black ladies, we have Asian ladies, we have Oriental ladies. It just depends. I have to go now because I'm very busy. Do you have a dwarf? No, we don't. Not at this time. Because I saw a dwarf in a movie once and it made me... Goodbye, OK? Why are you guys both stupid? You're like a black eye for all mankind. I don't think they're very nice people. The only way I could actually think they were funny was to be on heroin. Opie and Anthony. You know, I just like want to throw up. It is Opie and Anthony. Hello, how are you guys? Thanks for joining us. There you go. Alright, Ant, you want to get into this rape thing? What? What do you mean? Uh-oh, they found out. There's this biologist, Dr. Thornhill, and he says that rape is in every guy. Yeah, like it's just a fact of our biology. We are biologically inclined to rape. To rape. What the hell is this guy? I want to hear what his logic is. Alright, listen to this. Yes indeed, rape is natural, biological, and evolved. That is, there's no question but that rape is biological. Alright, I guess the common thought behind rape is that it's not a crime of passion or sex. It's just a violent act. And people say that the rapist has nothing to do with sex. It's all about power and violence. But this guy is saying that it is just a sexual thing. And it goes back to like caveman time. Caveman days. Where we just forced ourselves upon the cavewoman. Ever see that clan of the cave bear? With who was in that, Daryl Hannah? Yeah, remember that? The guy just like, she's down by the lake getting some water bent over. The guy just comes up behind her, wham! Slams it home. Oh man, we're going to get into some heavy stuff. Mike says the rape comment is true and he'll tell us why. Alright, Mike, what's your logic? Okay, I'm actually a third year psych major at Hofstra University. I'm going to tell you, the ego actually wants to suppress rape only because of the superego. We get punished. But internally we want to rape when we're, what? Shrink talk. Okay, I mean it's boring but it's absolutely true. We are born with the intention to rape. The only reason we don't do it is because we feel we're going to be punished for it. Otherwise we just go out there banging everything in place. Well, isn't that just anything? Like we would rob and... Yeah, pretty much anything that you're going to do that you would satisfy yourself, that would satisfy your ego rather. That's what you would do unless you would feel threatened about being punished about it. Basically we'd go out, we'd rob, we'd rape, we'd steal. Yeah, okay. We would be doing all of that. Well everybody's got that thing about if your plane was going down, what would you do? Grab the hottest looking chick next to you and just start going. Grab a handful of boob and that's it. Okay, Mike, what's up? Listen, at some point all girls, they want to feel that. What? Not want to be raped. Hold on, Mike. Hold on. Explain yourself. At some point, I mean they all have it in them that they want that roughness. They want someone strange. Well, wait, you can't make a blanket statement like that. Not all girls. Maybe there's girls that are into the rough sex and maybe want to have some fantasizing. I have heard some girls have the rape fantasy, but to say that all women are into that is... Like they would just want a stranger to come up to them and assault them like that. She wants to get raped. Oh my God. There's lots of girls that want to get raped. Oh really? It's the truth. All right, wait. All right, wait. The girl with the two nipples is back in the studio. What's your name? Tresch. Tresch. And you want in on this discussion? I think a lot of girls have fantasies that they want to have more spontaneity in their like sexual end of things and they'll have this deviant thing. It's Satanism type of thing where they want to be like handcuffed and thrown down. Are you speaking from personal preference? Well, actually it's something that I constantly think about that I would love to have in the next life. Really? You want me to come over and punch you in the face? You want me to come over and punch you in the face? Yeah. No, not punch you in the face. How about you start running down the hall and we'll have Psycho Mark change it. I would like to chime in on some of this discussion. Yes, Mike Tyson back in the studio with the megaphone. I agree with this bitch. I think every woman wants to get raped. Come here, honey. You like that, don't you? Body blow. Oh yeah, look at those boobs. I do like a speed bag in the gym. You want to run across the face. You like that, don't you? So you're saying all the chicks they like are like getting raped? I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them fantasize about different things. Yeah. I'm not talking to you. Shut up and bend over. Okay, baby. I'm going to give it to you hard. First, I'm going to...here's my foreplay. Right in the...I'm going to punch your rectum. Here we go, it loosens up the area. No, don't worry. I'm used to doing this. That's Robin Gibbons. She loved it. I would punch her all about the leather Cheerio. You know what that is, don't you? Now I'm really pissed because I was in prison for nothing. You're saying the girls like to be raped? I'm saying that girls like... Shut up! Goddamn bitches, never want to listen. You got a good jaw, seems to be working pretty good. Take that with you. It works very good. Hey Mike, what do you think of her two nipples on her left breast? That's pretty good. I'd like to punch it. There we go, look at her boobs are swelling up. This is cheaper than a boob job. Look, you're going from a C to a D. Now you got boob on your chin because I'm punching you right in there. That's good, can you bleed out of that nipple? I'm going to keep punching until you do. Chicks did this. I love that. Yeah? You like that? You want it hard, don't you? Oh baby, give it to me hard. I'll paint you over. I'll treat you like sphinx. Remember that fight I had with him? I was punching him. And I wanted to get him in his gappy teeth. Peef, peef, Peef. A-F-F. Peefers. Hey, you know something? Mike Tyson can help you. I and Mike can help you out with that double nipple. I'll just bite that bitch off. Come here. Don't, don't, don't hurt me. Don't scream so hard, the police are going to come. I don't get along with them very well. And if it's a bitch cop, I'm going to do her too. I'm a battle king. They got a gash, I'm in. How am I doing? You did good. I'm okay, huh? Yeah, you are. You like to get me poked on my head. Oh, you gay, you like that, don't you? I love that. You're not too, uh, looped off. I think you need a few more body blows. Let me see that balloon knot. You know what a balloon knot is? No. You ever blow up a balloon, a party balloon, and you look in the end of it after you tie it up? You ever, you ever do that? You got a brain in that head, you bitch. Let me knock you about the skull a little bit. See if I can jar-loose any of them brain cells. Did you ever blow up a balloon? Yeah. You ever blow anything? Jesus Christ! You're thicker than my head! You ever look in a balloon knot? What does it look like? It looks like my ass. Very good! Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Well, at least you got the right answer. It does look like that. Sorry. My guy's going to give you a Cleveland steamer. You like that? You ever hear of that one? It's also called the hot lunch. It's where you lay on the floor and bombs away with the stinky bombs. Shut up! Goddamn bitches! Then she's screaming like she doesn't like me sticking my fist in there. I'm going to hot-tie you, you bitch. Can I do a little more foreplay? I'm going to punch you in your uterus. There we go. Let me just grab a handful of ovaries. That's good. I sure, you see now? I know. See me? That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. You see me? That's it, man. I'm siding Mike with you. What the hell is this? I crawled inside of the unit. Couple of blows to the vulva. I drive a vulva. Mike, give me more, Mike. Give me more. You want more? Here you go, bitch. Yeah, you keep screaming. Here you go, right in the bung. I'm going to put this in for nothing. Courtney, what's going on? Yeah, hi. I'm a psychologist also. And I wanted to know that if they were saying from the evolutionary standpoint that what? That they like to rape? I don't know nothing about evolution. I ain't reached that yet. That's like puberty for me. I ain't gone through it. What else? Didn't the cavemen also kill each other to eat food? I mean, come on. I still don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You saw that fight where I bite the ear off. I'm still doing that. You need to tell that guy to put himself into a jail and have him be raped. Yeah, by me, Mike Tyson. Exactly. Iron Mike loves it. Iron Mike would give him a good one too. I had a couple of boys. I would imprison. I would call queens of the weight room proms. It was great. I'd dress them all up. They would toss my clothes. I would go to the bathroom. I would go to the bathroom. They would toss my salad. A lot of controversy on the show today. Trish is saying that a lot of girls want to be raped today. I'm not talking so drastically. I am free-hearted, Lee. And it's easier to rape them after you do this to them a few times. I am. Shut up. You came to my hotel room. You wanted it. You looked at me. You wanted it. You were running down the street screaming you wanted it. Marcy, what's going on? Yeah, I just want to know how old Trisha is. 28. And what's your education, dear? What's my education? Yes, you have an education? Yeah, I went to college for two years. Really? Well, spontaneity is not a word. Yes, it is. No, it's not, Mike. Spontaneity. Trisha, if you know anybody that has been raped in the past, it was not a real pleasant experience. It certainly does not turn people on. And I really think you're a big bimbo. You ain't a real bimbo. Shut up, you little... Wait a minute. Can I tell you something? I'm not talking technically as far as getting attacked and raped and beaten up. I don't think you ought to rethink that. All right, let me restate it. I'm talking about a little bit of foreplay where your hair gets pulled, you get spanked around. It's not anything that's going to physically hurt the woman, per se. Okay, I apologize. For us women that listen to ONA, and I personally enjoy you guys, get out of here. I mean, this sends out a bad message. I agree with our little hair pulling, maybe a little name calling, some gentle biting, and a spade shovel over the head. That's a night out with I and Mike. Oh, look, the whore hung up. Marcy hung up. Well, it's a sick statement by this biologist. Let's play that again. Yes, indeed. Rape is natural, biological, and evolved. That is, there's no question but that rape is biological. All right, I'm going out tonight. Look at that. I'm working out on the heavy bag. Only it's your prostate. Patty, what's going on? I just wanted to say that as far as women fantasizing about being raped and everything, as far as myself, if I'm with somebody I trust, it's one thing, but I don't know about women fantasizing about getting raped. What about if you're with a big boxer, ex-convict? How would you feel then? Huh? It doesn't matter how you feel, you bitch. Bridget, what's up? What can you add to this? I just wanted to say that there's a big difference between rape and fantasizing about rough sex. Not with me. But the whole true definition of rape is sex against your will. I don't care what that name is, Will Bob, Pete. I don't care, I'll do it more. I know you don't care about it, Mike, but the point is we need to worry about the line that we're crossing between rape and fantasizing with rough sex. That's a big difference, obviously. I love this show and I listen to it every day on my drive home, and I love it. I love this show and I listen to it every day on my drive home. It makes an hour go by fast. But we need to just be careful about the line that we're crossing. That's all. Thank you, Bridget. You know how you stop that? All the screaming? Yes. Disable the jaw. Most bitches I've punched, I notice they got a glass jaw. They can't even take a punch. It's like it doesn't even have to be a full right hand. It could just be like a short arm left or something. They go right down. Watch this one. Look, get back here. Watch. Down. They can't take nothing. You make a short arm, you will. I'm all for violence sometimes. Hey, you guys are a bunch of fools. God, I want to punch you in the face. They'll leave a bruise. 1027 WNEW. I want minority. Not enough minorities on my show. Who wants to be a millionaire? Go white guy. Go and bring me some spear chuckers. Come on, you can't say that, Reed. It says in the paper today, can anybody explain this to me? We just asked, why is it that nearly all our contestants are white men? I'm a white man, so you know I have nothing against them. But come on, we would really like a little more diversity here. Diversity? Where are the mous-mous? For the love of God, Kelvin, get me some spooks. They've had over 100 contestants so far. There has not been one African American playing for the money in the hot seat. Really? We've had one Hispanic and just 11 women. Regis says, here's the challenge. He said, everyone out there who has thought about being on the show, who isn't a white male, dial that 1-800 number and let's get into the game. Come on. What's the worst thing that could happen to you? You might become a millionaire. You have a problem with that? I don't think so. Bring on the chinks. Gelman, Kathy Lee, get me some chinks. Where are the wetbacks? They make their way across the border, make your way to the hot seat. You could win a million. I want homos, Gelman. Where are the slopes? Come on, you can't say that. I want gooks. Gooks and spokes, call. Call Regis. Oh my God. So Regis is looking for some minorities. Who wants to be a millionaire? That's your final answer, you spade. I can't believe it, Gelman. He wants minorities, I guess. I want minorities. Yes, he does. Where are the dotheads? Get out of your 7-11s and into the hot seat. I want hymes, gooks, chinks, spades, spear-chuckers. Bring them all. Eskimos, homos, Mexicans, wetbacks, I don't care. Get me something other than whiting in the hot seat, Gelman. Where are the homos? The lesbos. The slopes. I want a thank, Gelman. Bring on the kid touches. Good for you, Yone. Hey, Vinny. Hey fellas, what's up? What's up, Vinny? Listen, that's what I'm talking about. What's going on with this country? Oh my God, not Vinny. Come on. Hey, Reg, let me just say something. You got the number one show on TV. So let's bring some black people on the show to make it better. That's like saying, hey, I live in a really nice neighborhood. I got an idea. Let's get some black folk to move in. You want to make it better? Come on. What's going on here? Vinny, you're very funny, man. You know, they tried to... You're wrong, but you're funny. I tried this once before on that show, Johnny. That lady, Maya Angelou, was complaining because they didn't have enough black contestants. They found out that black people were trying to get on the show, but they weren't passing the test. The test? That was your only problem. I don't care. We're lower than the standards. I need spear-chuckers. Yes, that's all we need. It's a number one show. Let's get some black people on the show to make it better. What are you doing? Gellman, Gellman, where are my black horns? I'm putting out a plea. Jiggaboos, Jiggaboos, where are you? What's that? Come on. I need minorities. Are you just looking for minorities for... Who wants to be a millionaire? Where are the towel heads? Get out of your cabs and into the hot seat. Gellman, I need slopes. Where are the nips? You sat your ass in those zeros when you bombed Pearl Harbor. Sit your ass in the hot seat. Maybe we should not rename the show Who Wants Food Stance? Oh my God. Come on, Gellman. Get me some dockies. That's just wrong. Why do they have to kiss black ass constantly? I'll kiss them. Just put them in the hot seat. Regis, why? Why do you got to do it? I don't understand. We got all the whites watching. We need higher ratings. I need some color. You know, you ever got... At Thanksgiving, are you listening to me? Yeah, I'm here. At Thanksgiving, you eat breast meat all the time. Occasionally, you want some dock meat. That's where Regis stands. I look at that Kathy Lee White bread all day. I need black holes. Aborigines. I don't care. Come on, into the hot seat. Who wants to be a millionaire? The darker, the better. You want the minorities on Who Wants to be a Millionaire, right? Arabs, retards. I don't care. I want a mongoloid. Preferably a diggaboo mongoloid. All right, listen, Regis. I got to cut you off because J. Moore is on the line. J. Moore? Yeah. Let's check in with J. Moore. J. Hey, if you want minorities on the show, put on the hat, Bree. He's too minority. Put the rock on. A big fat Samoan with man boobs. The guy who eats the cherry sitting on... Put the rock, gentlemen. Come on. I need the rock. Who wants food stamps? Show me your green card. Ah, he hung up again. He's going through the tunnels down there in D.C. All right, we got to take a break. Regis, we got to take a break. D.C. J. Moore's in D.C.? Yeah. Tell him to come back with some blacks. They're running around my rampant down there. This is the best radio you guys can come up with. Funny hack, it always goes, people can't laugh when they're breathing in. I used a C word on stage one time. You can't do that because they go, they can't laugh when they're breathing in. You got to mix it in so they're already going out and then you throw the C word in there and they're already going out. They're on your side and you can say, well, that was a hell of a... Where's my gun? Do you mind if I have another shot? Because I got to go in the other room. I like when a f***ing idiot without a high school diploma gets a job in a radio. O.B. and Anthony. Be a girl of the mind, please. 1027, WNEW. 1027, talk, you can't ignore it. It's O.B. and Anthony. Talking about the Flight 990 stuff. Now they're saying that it's a possibility that one of the pilots decided to commit suicide I kill you. I kill you. And bring 216 people with them. I am tarbashed. My tooth, my teeth, they're killing me. I must crash planes. Why? Why you do this to me? That's just a scary thought. Yeah, you got to worry about every other thing that happens. Weather, mechanical failure, some f*** up, and then you got a copilot that wants to cash it in. Well that's what they're thinking at this point. They can't confirm anything, but that's where they're leading lately. Putting the information together, that's the conclusion they're drawing. They want to hand over the case to the FBI, so that's not good news. What are you going to do about it? Arrest the guy? Geez, it's done. Nothing you can do at this point. That's just a scary thought. Tarbashed. I am pissed off. I am the Egyptian. Ahhhhhhhhhh. First he said some kind of a prayer about death that they picked up on the tape, and then just put the plane into a nosedive. Well first of all, why did the other pilot leave? They leave every so often. You've seen it. Haven't you seen that? I've never seen a pilot. Walk back. How you doing, Dad? Never seen a pilot leave. He's a cockpit. He's still got the voice. When you're in the aisle, like he's walking back, you're like, hey look, it's a pilot. How you doing? Gentlemen, I'll just be walking in the back, got to take a leak, and there's no bathroom up there in the flight deck, which used to be called the cockpit, but that's a pretty funny word. Please don't look to the rear of the aircraft. I'll be taking a leak, and the copilot's up there with his thorazine. Look at him. Should be okay. You're in capital abs. But this guy, it seems, was suicidal. Put the plane into a nosedive. And the pilot gets back just in time to see if he's shutting off the engine. Oh, I'm going to blow up. Oh my goodness, what are you doing? And then he, yeah, he should take a break. And then he tries to recover, pulls back on the stick, but I guess it was too late. And then someone shut the engines off. That's a good thing to do, I guess. Who knows? They say this plane approached the speed of sound before it busted up and crashed, and now they're saying it could be because this whole pilot was suicidal. If you're suicidal, please, find a rock, go behind it, blow your brains out or something. Yeah, don't take out other people, you selfish bastards. That is selfish. Selfish, selfish, selfish. Crawl into a hole, do it yourself. This guy now, if this is true, and he commits suicide and takes along 216 people with him, he's the biggest mass murderer ever. That's just as bad as going into a place, opening fire and then shooting yourself in the head. What's the difference? Only instead, could you imagine some guy walking into, I don't know, an office building and mowing down 216 people and then shooting himself in the head? That would be the hugest of huge stories. But it's just a pilot committing suicide or something. So it doesn't seem that weird, but it's just as bad. I mean, just as bad. This guy took 216 people with him. So they're handing it over to the FBI. We're going to have fun out more soon. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm going to just put the plane into a nosedive. Enjoy the scenery. If you look out the port side window, you'll see the wing rip off as we approach the sound. It should be pretty exciting for the kids. They want to look out the other side. The engine just ripped right off. It's flaming. If you can't see up front, your window is probably blocked by the fuselage skin that's peeling back like a banana peel. Very exciting sight to see. Oh, look at the water. It's coming up pretty quickly. Get your prayers out of the way. Anything else? Maybe you want to jot down a quick note because we're all going to die. Thank you for flying, Egypt Air. Those guys are always under control. Doesn't matter what. Doesn't matter what. I was laughing. I was watching some dopey movie, that movie about the sharks and stuff that came out. Deep Blue Sea. Deep Blue Sea, sure. And it was the stereotypical chopper pilot. Chopper pilots, I mean, they're even better than the regular pilots, than airline pilots, because they are constantly just cool. No problem. There is a hurricane that they have to evict people off of this offshore laboratory. The wind is like 200 miles an hour. Rain. They can't see anything. The pilot's just like, Ah, idiot. Five minutes. And his face is just stumping. They never like, he looks over his copilot at one minute and goes, Holy ****. I can't believe the weather. We're probably going to die. Just a little bit. Why don't you get those wipers on high? Look, I'm flaming hell. I've never seen this before, but I'm sure we can get through this. No problem. Your stewardess is going to come around with your last meal as we plunge towards water, trying not to puke on your pals. Good thing, your family's probably not going to get much more than a finger or anything, so you don't have to worry about anyone identifying you. That bang you're going to hear is the sound barrier we've just crossed. A stewardess just flew out the back of the plane. Very exciting for the kids. Just feel free to crap yourself. Of course, the no-crapping light has been turned off. You're free to crap around the cabin. Tammy, what's going on? I'm the flight attendant. You know what the guys do? What are they doing there? Okay, the minute that you take off, it goes into autopilot. And then after it goes to autopilot, they read books. They read books? It's all automated now, man. They read books at every bump. I'm like, what was that? You know, you watch the movies and stuff and you see the pilot, you know, okay. This is the tower. You're cleared to ascend to 30,000 feet. And you're like, okay. And you see them pull back on the stick? That doesn't happen. They have a dial with the altitude. They dial it in, push a button. The plane does the rest. It goes up to 30,000. And they're just reading books, playing cards. I read a whole thing on this typical flight from New York to LA. And the pilot and co-pilot are playing cards. Cards. Cards? Cards. No fish? Lady Dumb and I have just, I got four jacks. Watch the turbulence. Yeah, they're always very calm. I'm very attentive to what the pilot's saying too. And I hate that because a lot of times the air, like somebody sitting next to you puts the air on so loud that I can't hear it. So you hear like the, bing, bing. Lady Dumb and co-pilot, crash, crash, crash. And I'm like, what are you saying? What pilot? I can't hear you. Turn the fan off, damn it. He's talking to me. And I'm only catching like little words that are really alarming me. Fire engine three. Total hydraulic failure. No landing gear goes about. The habitat is flattened. We should be at our destination by a flame in the cabin. I'm like, what? What? What did he say? I can't hear the pilot. Matt, what's going on? Hey, what's up? Oh, and hey, listen. I, a year ago, I was coming back from Jamaica on an Air Jamaica flight. And they blew an engine. And they had the Jamaican guy, I think he was smoking a Spriff in the cockpit. And he's, and they're telling you how to prepare for a crash landing. Are you serious? I was like, I'm being, because we're holding hands with our kids, like praying and crying. Oh, that's wonderful. I was freaking out the people. I, and they put the bar away. I was like, where's the bar? That's the time to bring it out. He's nuts. He's crazy Jamaican. Man, and they tell you, they tell you, you know, take your shoes off, take your... Is that why they always find shoes floating in the water? I always wondered that. Like, God, they blew the shoes off. And no, they tell you to take them off. Yeah, yeah. Nuts. Revying. Revying. Revying. Revying. That's it. Look at the wing. It's covered with bamboo. Bill. Hey, how you doing, all right? All right. I got a theory on why that plane crashed. Okay. I'm thinking of the pilot. I had too much slurpy, got a major brain freeze, and just couldn't handle it. God damn. I am Tarbash. I am pissed off. I am the Egyptian. My brain went down. Oh my God, I can't bring it no more. That's it, man. That's it. Ah! Why? Ah! You're out there. This is your pilot, Tarbash. I am going to be cruising about into death at 3,000 feet. As I told you that my life sucks, my wife, my wife leave me. Three tunnels die, and I stopped my car walking into cockpit. Very distraught today. Hey, pilot, why don't you go check the back of the plane? I will stay here and watch. I will stay here. No, no, I haven't even been thinking of turning off autopilot and engines and sending the plane into death dive at supersonic speeds. I haven't even dreamed of that. Ladies and gentlemen, if you look out the window, you will see a 767 engine ripping from the wings. Don't be alarmed. Just take your shoes off. Because that's what you do. Look, as we see the skin of the plane peel back like banana. Hey, Koala. Here we go. Don't worry. You won't see a thing. My two-terms have got my D-tension medicine from the plane. Ah! Ah! Ah! I am Turkey Amal. I am so sad. Oh my God. Thank you. Good night. All right, FM Talk and 1027 Talk. You can't ignore it. It's Opie and Anthony. Manny in the studio helping us out and the fine female cops, Lisa and Karen. Very pretty cops. I was very surprised. I was expecting two beasts to enter the studio. I got to be honest with you. Oh my God. And Anthony is up first, I guess. It's time to resist an arrest. I don't want to be first. I was hanging out with Jay Moore. It was like one in the morning when we left Paisanos. I didn't even get to sleep until like two. You knew it was coming. So now you got an excuse when they kick your ass right now. Yeah, I know. I'm kind of pussy. You better go. Anthony is taking a... Wait, she says the rules now. Because she gets all the guys on their knees with their hands behind their head before you even approach them? No, we can't. So what you say like, you know, get on your knees. On your knees, hands above your head. And then you hold to your weapon, walk up to them with your cuffs. And then the second you touch one of us, then we can start the resisting. So then we're going to start on our knees? Yeah. We got a couple. Probably for our own benefit to tell you the truth because if she flips a leg out, we're just going to go on the floor anyway. All right, well, Hank, get up. You're first. This is close. Lisa is convinced she could get Anthony handcuffed within 30 seconds. Oh, my. How are you? Lisa, you have a real nice body, by the way. That little belly shirt going on. Dude, check out the other one. Yo. Wow, they're both really nice. All right. Oh, no. All right, Anthony is... All right, hold on. Hold on. Let me explain. Hank, get a mic. Rick, get a mic to Anthony. And turn the other way so you can face right into the mic. All right, Anthony is on his knees. And you got your legs crossed behind you, too? Yeah. All right. All right, Lisa is behind Anthony. Anthony is putting his hands in front of him like they're against the wall. He's on his knees. His legs are crossed behind him. Lisa's got the handcuffs. Wait, who's got the stopwatch? I got it. All right. I got it. Rick, you tell him when to go, okay? All right, I'll give you a five-second countdown, okay? Wait, you're starting from that position? Oh, what is this, man? Hey, where y'all be arresting people at? In Beverly Hills. Right. Yeah, we got to fight a little bit. Anthony's got... Wait, wait. Anthony's in... Guys, are you fagging out already? It's my mistake. Oh, Anthony's just going to be a cop out. Ant's got his hands behind his head. He's on his knees. Okay, ready? All right, hold on, hold on. Ready? Set, go. Go. All right, Ant's fighting. Whoa! The cop's got him down. They are struggling. Anthony! They're all over him. Ant's getting slapped down. I love him. Ant's fighting like a mother. Okay, Lisa's got one arm, and the other cop's got the other arm. Ant is getting busted up. His face is crunched against the couch. They both have him down. All right. He's up. He's fighting. He's fighting. God, I feel like I'm watching an episode of Cops. It's at 20 seconds. Ant's fighting. Lisa's got him down. Oh, Ant's running. He's done. He's done. He's making his way through the door. He's making his way through the door. They're fighting. Oh, they nailed him. Oh, my God. This is like Fight Club. He just hit 30 seconds. All right. I think Anthony is tiring. Lisa's on his back. Karen's got the one arm. Lisa's got the other arm. Oh, my God. All right, one handcuff is on, and here goes the other handcuff. Karen is screaming at him to put his other hand around his back. And Ant is fighting. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. He's on the lesbian couch right now. Wait, get a mic. Get a mic on him. Yo. He's not moving from that couch though. Hey, yo, they like tough. Holy. All right. You girls are kind of tough. All right, Ant. He's out. Yeah. Ant is exhausted on the couch. He's feeling in my right thumb. He made a nice dash for the door. If he could have gotten out of that door, he was home. Oh, yeah. Ant, how do you feel? Exhausted. Exactly. You look it. Ladies, I must say that was very impressive. Wow. She cuffed you. She's got a belly shirt on. Oh. The choke hold. They put you in a choke hold? I didn't see that. I felt myself slipping away. All right. They're taking the handcuffs off Ant. Ant, I think you're officially part of Fight Club as well, by the way. Because that was like resisting arrest and Fight Club all in the same thing. Hey, Ant, you didn't fag out at all, baby. Man, I was trying to get out the door. Ant, you almost made it to the door. All right, Ant's getting back to his little area in the studio. Dude, let me tell you something. Yeah. At first, you could tell they were being a little gentle. Like seeing how far I was going to take it. At the point I tried to run away, I was put in a choke hold. I saw that. My head thrust to the floor. The one cuff was kind of twisted on my arm. I thought my wrist was going to break. And then I just gave up. Okay, okay. Okay, okay. And I actually said the F word. Like I was really being arrested. I'm like, they got me. Look how happy they are. All right, how long did I last? 58 seconds. All right, that's not bad. That's proof to you guys out there that we can do it. That was pretty impressive. Now, Karen, how tall are you? We know Lisa's like 5'1 or so. I'm about 5'5. Holy Jesus, man. Oh, man, that's warm water. Whew. Well, they're comps. I'm getting the good stuff. Just kidding. You're next, Mark. Manny, you ever see that happen in the neighborhood? I would be nice to follow you. Yeah, all too many times. Yeah. Manny, this is like a nightmare for you. Only rarely it's a white guy like me. No, you believe me. Thanks, Bess. Twenty seconds in, you was an average criminal, Ant. I was. I was fighting for my freedom. When your hat came off, you was a cocaine smuggler. What's up, my brothers? Why are we being oppressed? I'm still calling Khali. Yeah. Oh, that was impressive. All right, do I have to go next? I don't want to go now, man. Come on, don't be. All right, I'm going. You're next. I'll go. I'm going to look fagged up. I got to get a mic closer. Boy, these ladies are rough, man. The harder you fight, the more they will fight you. Dude, after seeing what you went through, I'm like shaking right now. Whew. Oh, God. My heart is pounding, man. All right, Opie's down on his knees. I thought the lesbians got my heart pounding. Forget about it. This is good stuff. Now, were they able to get the first cuff on before you start fighting? Let me tell you, the second you feel metal on your wrist, you can start resisting. But the second you feel it, one is cuffed. I mean, it's very hard. I think Opie's going down quick. Let's get the timer, too. I got the timer ready. Let me know when you guys are ready. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. Let me know when you guys are ready. Help me out, man. You got my back, right? Can I do that? No, you can't. There's one. Oh, there they go. There it is. Opie's on the floor, man. They are fighting him. Oh, wow. They are fighting, man. They're riding him. All right. They're both on top of him. They got him in that damn hold. He's kicking his legs. I just saw two legs fly up. Wow. Is he screaming? Yeah. Yo, this is real. I don't know if I'm doing this. One arm's back. He's at 20 seconds now. Holy shit. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. 20 seconds now. Holy shit. She's got him almost between her legs. Wow. He is fighting, man. And 30 seconds. They are playing rough. Yeah. They've got his head into the floor. He's copped. He's copped. Wow. Ah, I jumped out. Jump out on me, Kurt. I jumped. I jumped. I jumped. Oh, they kicked your ass, man. Get up. Get up. Get up. Get up. Get up, Convict. Wow. Get up, you criminal. That was in 39 seconds. How about that? Holy crap. You freely give that last hand over when they started hurting you. 39 seconds, man. Holy cow. I honestly thought it was going to last a minute, but they were pulling that right hand forward. Hey, it hurts so bad. You know what? You freely give up the uncuffed hand. It hurts so bad. You're like, all right, it's over. I was trying to stay as long as I could, and then it just hurts so much. I know. That's how they got me. Look at my wrist. That's how they got me, dude. Wow. It was like a rodeo. The way legs were flying up. Dude, the way your legs were kicking up like a freaking bronco. I didn't know what else to do. Rick could be a rough one. Look at his guns he's got. Look at the arms on him. I just got my ass kicked by a girl that's like 5'195 pounds. I'm already beat up by girls. All right, well, Rick is up next. Rick's got a couple of guns on him there. If you look at his arms there, ladies. We'll see if he's packing. Yeah, I didn't like the grabbing of the cajon. After getting my face smashed into the rug, it was a little too much. You got to do what you got to do. I understand that, Karen. Thank you. All right, and you're making your way over there? Yeah. Okay. I got to be able to see this, you know. All right. Rick is on his knees. Wait, who's got the watch for Rick? Who's got the stopwatch? All right, Spaz, Spaz is going to keep time? Uh-oh. I'm just kidding. All right, Rick is on his knees. His hands are behind his head. Hands behind his head. The second they touch, the time starts, Spaz. Oh, they're going. All right, Rick's face on the ground. He's curled up in the fetal position. They got both of their arms around his head. Double headlock. His one wrist is cuffed. He's sitting up now. Wow, they're having a tough time with Rick. He's on his stomach. No, he's back up on his knees. Whoa, the one chick stepped on his ankle. He's screaming, Anthony. Yeah, they are really pulling out all the dirty tricks for Rick. Oh, my God. Wow, Rick's doing quite well. All right, the cops are getting crushed. They're having a tough time getting that on. Take him out, take him out. Oh, his face just went into the floor. All right. Oh, watch those cart racks. They're just bending his arm now. Rick is screaming. He's on his stomach. Rick is screaming in pain. He doesn't want to give up that arm. He doesn't want to give up the arm, but he's going to have to. Here we go. Here he comes. Give it up, Rick. He went a minute. He went a minute so far. He's running out of steam, though, Ant. He is really resisting it. Oh, they got the choke hold on him now. They almost had that on behind him twice. There it goes. There it goes. One arm. He's rolling back over again. No one talking trash, though. Everyone is saving their breath. Oh, my God. She's got him in the choke hold. Rick is exhausted. Rick is exhausted. We're up to a minute and a half. Oh, Rick's doing a great job. A minute and a half. Oh, there it is. Rick is well-controlled. His butt is kind of... Whoa, he is putting up a fight. There's stuff flying. Oh, he's grabbing the package. That's not good. I knew Rick would put up a good fight. He's got them arms. Yeah, I know. That's true, too. They're a little tired from cuffing Ant and I, but Rick is definitely... He wants the cart wrap. Rick is definitely doing a good job here. Ow. Oh, he said, ow. That's not a good sign. Now, he's not... He is not giving up, man. The one cop has her knee on Rick's throat right now. On his head. On his head and thought Rick is screaming. He goes, all right, all right, time. Time. Two minutes 15 seconds. Oh, my God. Whoa. Son of a whore, he says. He is in pain. The girls are exhausted. The more you fight, the more they'll fight, Rick. Them's the rules. Oh, they want to leave him cocked. All right. Whoa. Rick is not getting up. You all right, Rick? He's exhausted. Look at that. That was brutal. Fight club. That was brutal. That was great. I saw a knee on Rick's cheek at one point. Rick is the champion. He lasted two minutes 15 seconds. His face was... You know something? Rick can take some pain because that cuffed hand was just turning white. Oh, look at his wrist. There, man. Look how bright they had that cuff. He wouldn't give up. Rick, grab a mic. Look at that. They got you good. Rick, what was the breaking point where you finally said, all right, all right, what was hurting so bad? I thought I was going to get some, man. I heard one point you said, all right, all right. Yeah, it's because the cuff got so tight right there on that vein. Yeah, yeah. Like it's all black now. Yeah. That's where it was just like, OK, I don't want to break anything. Right. You all right, Rick? We're sorry. We heard you. Look at his nose. He's got a bloody nose. Oh, you got it. What's that little move you do to take out the ankle? Oh, you step on the ankle and you're pushing it in and they can't do anything. Yeah. It hurts. It's very painful. Rick, bleeding from his nose. Wow, he's probably going to kill his nose. Bravo. We have blood shed. All right. We like blood on the open-ended. Yeah. Wow. I must say, ladies, that's quite impressive. Look at Rick. I've never seen his hair messed up before. He's a wreck. He started fresh. We started after cuffing two of our people prior to that. So it took a little while. Yeah, and he's like a girl. He was kind of tough. Oh, that's right. Yeah. I don't think you girls need any excuses. I think you did great. Wow. Look at the cart racks. Look at the leaning tower of cart racks. We've got to fix the studio before we get out of here today. I was really turned on for a second. Yeah, for a second. Did you see what you did to your package to try to make you resist? Yeah. I had a face full of my own stuff. Yeah, you were completely in the snail position. Manny, what do you think? I'm pretty impressed. I'm pretty impressed. Yeah, that was pretty good. I can't take anything away from the girls. The guys are pretty tough. What a show this has been, huh, Ant? Woo. I'm exhausted. Rick looks out. Yeah. Rick, you look completely spent. Rick, let's see the wrist, man. We're hitting the kids. I hope Rick's wife doesn't come looking for us. Wow, look at that wrist, man. Yeah. Damn, that's good. He was using his ass almost as a block so you couldn't get the arm back around. At one point, he used his ass to push me into that rack there. That's when you have to knee them in the cheek. That's when you have to knee them in the head. I saw the knee on the cheek, which was a great move. Your face was squished, Rick. It was just like... What's your name again? Karen. Karen. Karen's stepping on my ankle. She's stomping on it like that. Yeah, she's kicking me. I'm like, woo. I'm so excited. She's kicking me. I'm like, what the hell? Karen scares me. At least it does it with a smile. Karen has this look on her face when she's doing it. You don't want to mess with her. You've got to get the job done. Yeah. I understand now. You're more than capable. I hate to be married to it. A gigantic boombox is coming down the street. Hand me the RPG7. RPG and Anthony 1027 WNEW. No justice, no peace. Oh, no. No justice, no peace. Reverend Allen, I didn't know you were going to make a visit to our show today. I am plugging my website. Yeah, I see that. Yeah, hallelujah. We've entered cyberspace where we are not victims of racism. There ain't no race in cyberspace. My website is pleasantly under construction like the Apollo Theater. I need your contributions, please. So, crawl out from the pressure you're under and email Reverend Allen your credit card number. No justice, no peace. Yeah, I hear that. This is a wonderful website that I have. Well, tell us a little bit about it. Well, if the cops shoot up your house, tell Reverend Allen to click of the mouse. It's going to be a nerve center of the community. That's right. Even if you're in jail, you can get Reverend Allen's email. Praise the law. Reverend Allen's in cyberspace. I also have my line of hair care products in shellac online that you can purchase. It comes in the same bottle, so don't be discouraged. You can also download my spinning medallion screensaver. It's a wonderful screensaver, that big Volkswagen hubcap medallion you always see your Reverend Allen wear. Well, I'm going to go do that right now. Yeah, all right. If one of our brothers is an Uncle Tom, report him to me at reverendal.com. That's right, people. Praise the Lord. Reverend Allen's in cyberspace. Hallelujah. Is that going to be a lot of fun, too, online? I got online games on the reverendal.com. I can only imagine what type of games you got in cyberspace. Well, you can download Tawana Raiders 3, where you guide Tawana broadly through a maze of racist, rapist, politicians, judges, and police officers, all the while trying to make yourself a legitimate activist in the community. Watch, let me boot that up now. Whoa, there we go. Whoa, look out, Tawana. Oh, look, I just nailed Steven Begonis. Look at that, sorry. Oh, there goes the DA. Look, I'm making ground now. Oh, damn. Damn. I was doing so well, but I fell into the rabble-rousing, troublemaking, race-bater, lion-sack, pit-a-doom. Why I always make that same mistake on my way to the Senate? Damn. Wow. Well, all this fun can be yours at reverendal.com. And that address again, www.fyd.com. That's right. Praise Jesus, no justice, no peace. I have been vindicated. All right, there he goes, everyone, reverendal. Wow, we haven't had reverendal on the show in a long time. He is pumped up about that website. He is running down the hallway right now. Sounds like fun. I want to play Tawana Raiders 3. OC and<|zh|> Aston Martin. 1027 WNEW. Well, he's out in all the people in his own community. Why is the white man always picking on me? He's got a fat belly and his head's full of grease. He hears his battle cry. No justice, no peace. The man with the plan, you know you can trust. The party little reverend with an ass just like a bus. Reverend Hal, reverend Hal, he's your pal. Reverend Hal, he looks like James Brown with too many calories. Now why is the white man always picking on me? He never burn he gets in the broadcase. Turn on the TV, you would always see his face. He's speeding in his limo to another homicide. He makes the network news with the family by his side. Reverend Hal, reverend Hal, he's your pal. Reverend Hal, all the never-ending thoughts for some good publicity. Why is the white man always picking on me? I'm reverend Hal, I'm reverend Hal, I'm hungry. He's reverend Hal, he will represent your family. And he doesn't charge a fee. Now as long as the footage makes it on the TV. Reverend Hal, I'm reverend Hal, he's reverend Hal, I'm your pal. He's your pal, that's right reverend Hal, I'm reverend Hal. He's a rage bait, white hate, bag of bologna. Now why is the white man always picking on me? Reverend Hal, yeah I'm reverend Hal, I'm reverend Hal, he's your pal. I'm your pal, I'm reverend Hal, reverend Hal. O.B. and Anthony 1027, WNEW. Caitlin. Hi. Hi. How are you? Caitlin, how old are you Caitlin? I'm 28 now. You're a little old to have the name Caitlin. I thought that was one of those popular names that only hit like in 1990. Well, sorry. Caitlin is like the Gertrude of the roaring 20s. Gertie. Gertie, you know? Hey Gertie. The roaring 20s, I bet Gertrude was a great name for women and little girls, but Mildred. But you just don't see that name anymore. Caitlin is the same thing, eventually it's going to run its course I think. Ethel. Men find Caitlin very cute. Well, yeah but during the time Ethel was a great name. Ethel's a hot number Rick. I gave her quite a bangin' last night. And Bertha and you know those names all were cute in their day too. Like yeah, those are all hot. Like back in the day it was like hey man, can you see Bertha? Yeah, I'd like to bang Bertha. Oh yeah, look at Gertrude. What are some of those other names from the past? From the roaring 20s? There was Gertrude, there was Bertha. Abigail. Mildred. Abigail is a good one. There was Hortense. What? Hortense. There was Judy. Hortense? Hortense. Maybe in your neighborhood. Hortense. That wasn't a name. Hortense? Harriet. Harriet and Harriots used to be hot. Harriet. Can you imagine a hot broad today walking around the streets of Manhattan and her name's Harriet? Imagine banging an Agnes. Banging an Agnes. So I got Penelope Doggy style. But see like Caitlin works, you know you're sitting there. Yeah, yeah, Caitlin. There were probably some jocks in the 20s like talking dirty to a Gertrude. That's cool. Not like a Thelma or an Eleanor. Eleanor, there's another one. Oh man. Who would ever name their kid Eleanor after... Eleanor. Eleanor Roosevelt. Yeah, after seeing that monk. Eleanor is now like a lesbian name I believe. You ain't had it till Winifred puts a hand down your pants. They'd call her Freddie for sure. Hey Freddie. Freddie. What about Hillary? Hillary used to be... Yeah, that's an old name. Not as old as like a Bertha or a Gertrude or an Abigail. Gertie. A Harriet. Harriet. Oh man, when I got Harriet. Yeah. Had a bun of hair going, yeah Harriet, you do it. A Eunice. Eunice. Eunice is the Nello one. I'm going to take you like Hitler took Poland. What a fight. 23 skadoos you bitch. Hubba hubba. Hubba hubba. Heard of the roaring 20s, I'm going to show you the roaring 69 Hildegard. Come here. Opie and Anthony 1027 WNEW. Courtney Cox. From Friends? From Friends. She's dropping Cox. Excuse me? She's dropping Cox. On what? What do you mean? Well her name's Courtney Cox. Right. Oh her name. She's dropping her last name Cox. She's getting rid of Cox? She's getting rid of Cox, yes. Huh. She doesn't like Cox anymore. Why? Well she wants to use her husband's name. She's married to David Arquette. Right. Courtney Arquette. So she wants to be called Courtney Arquette. She wants to drop Cox. Well she liked Cox. Well I guess she'd liked it for a while. It was very good for her and her career. Yeah for her career I would think she would hold on to Cox. I wouldn't think she would just, I don't know. I think you're right if we're professional with Cox. Cast Cox to the wayside like that. Well she's moving on with her career without Cox. Hmm. So. You're right. Sends Cox. Why? I don't know why everyone's giggling. I don't know either. If a girl wants to change her name it's fine. I just find it a little odd that she's been treated well by Cox for so many years that she would just dump it like that. She's brave enough to live her life without Cox. I guess so. So. Arquette. Arquette. Courtney Arquette. Courtney Arquette from now on. Not a hyphen. Cox no more. Right. Huh. That old guy. You know I actually felt the downward spiral in that bit. Oh sure. Of course. Of course you did. That's what you're supposed to feel. There's no life, Bush! Oh the other thing we have to mention is the book that's coming out on Reagan. Really? Hmm. And it looks like President Reagan didn't like Bush. Really? Right. Reagan didn't like Bush. Really? Did he like Cox? Or did he drop Cox? Courtney I mean. Well would he know about Cox back in 81? Sure I think at that point during his presidency she was on that Bruce Springsteen video right? So he was dancing in the dark. So he was well aware of Cox at that point. Cox was on the stage just shaking and you know remember? Girating Cox. Sure. We saw her. She was dancing. He forgot all about the Cox. But Bruce. Alright so yeah this book is claiming that. You know you figure it doesn't work the first time. It's like putting sour milk in the fridge and you go, not still bad. Tunes with Tunes I think every time we open our mouths we'll piss someone off. Okay you're welcome. We're out of control we're still watching. Alright knock it off. 1027 WNEW Anthony the Post has a great story on your favorite TV host. Who was that thing? Star Jones from The View. Ah yes I love Star. She's a diva you know Opie. Whether you think she is or not she says it. So I guess it's true. Diva. Anyways it has the headline that reads, Cranky View of Star Jones Bash. This is unbelievable. Star Jones was nice enough to invite 60 friends to a barbecue at her summer place in the Hamptons. But not all her guests were so nice. One in grade called up MSNBC to complain that guests weren't allowed in the house to use the bathroom Anthony. Instead they were relegated to rented portable toilets on the lawn. She wouldn't let the guests in her house to use the toilet? No she didn't want guests using her bathroom. Well I got a reason for that honey. See my ass is so big I got a custom built toilet bowl. It's as big as a jacuzzi. And I was fearful they would fall in with their skinny narrow asses. I'm a diva. Oh you're a diva alright. Also there were complaints from people that were at this party about the menu that Star Jones selected. The menu? What could be wrong with the menu? Well Star Jones provided hamburgers and hot dogs for a guest. Very nice for a barbecue right? Uh huh. But she reserved the lobster for herself. Prepared by her personal chef which she washed down with some champagne. Washed down? You can just picture her eating the shell and everything. Someone goes for the lobster. What a witch. So she sits there eating lobster and champagne. While everyone else has weenies. Hamburgers and hot dogs. Burgers and weenies. And she gets the champagne. I don't think she had champagne for everyone. No probably. Just mix up some Kool-Aid for them ingrates. Get the great Kool-Aid. And then at one point she told the chef to make sure that no one else got her lobster. That that was for her and not the guest said a spy. That's for me. Diva. It's Star Stock. Get in the portable toilet. You mud people. I'm a diva. I use the bathroom in the house. Uh Star Stock? Star Stock. Star Stock? I don't know no lip biscuits but I got buddy biscuits in here all mine. Keep your hands off them. I'm hungry. Why do I sound like River now? I love the red hot chili peppers. Not the band. I'm just eating red hot chili peppers. Yeah it's Star Stock. Mmm. Pasta corn. Take our hands off if it even got close to her lobster and champagne. I'm a diva. And who would want to use that toilet? Imagine going into Star's bathroom because you know the first image you would get is of her on that bowl. With her big old ass. Big ass. It's hard for me to line up. It's like AIM. I got to use one of them uh one of those Norton bomb sites like they use on the bomber planes to line up so I don't hit the seat. There's a lot of ass over here. I'm a lawyer. Here we go. Let me line up. Here we go. Stay out the bathroom. Star I have to use the bathroom. Use the tree out back. This is Star's bathroom. I'm a diva. Here's another one. That was a whole claw from my lobster. That hurt coming out. Mmm. Ooh that's lobster tail. Look it's hanging out. Look I look like a lobster. Look at that. Star I really need the bathroom. Use the pool. Woo. Damn that's a tasty crustacean. Mmm. Uh oh. Uh oh this one's working out pretty good. Stay out the bathroom. I'm in here. Star I'm a diva. Good shot this is Jackie. Hello this is Ronald Reagan. I was wondering if Nancy was there. I need a change and I gotta load my pants as big as the Lincoln Memorial. You were wondering if Nancy was here? Yes. No not today. She won't be here till Wednesday. Oh geez by Wednesday my depends will be messier than the seat in JFK's limo. Why don't you talk to my manager. Hang on just a moment. Okay. Hello. Hello this is Ronald Reagan. I'm just calling the gift shop wondering what's the hottest showing item there. Your autobiography in American Life. I wrote that? Uh huh you wrote that. When the hell did I do that? I don't know when did you do that? I don't know. I've met you before. Was I nice? You were very nice. I don't remember you. Did you have a nice ass? I don't know. I remember a good ass when I see one. You know Nancy used to have a nice ass. Now it looks like two big heads of cauliflower. Do you have big breasts? I don't know. Do they look like the top of the capitol building? Because I like big breasts like the ones on Ted Kennedy. Hello? Wait a second here. Yes this is Ronald Reagan. Yes you sound just like him. I want to know if Nancy has stopped in yet. Maybe you better check. Let me have you check with our cashier. She might have seen her. Geez old Ron's getting the run around like the pope in an abortion clinic. Hello? Hello. Hi this is Ronald Reagan. I'm looking for mommy. Is Nancy there? No she'll be here Wednesday. One thing good about Alzheimer's is you meet new people every day. Would you like to talk to Sally? I want a Big Mac and a large fries. You want me to transfer you to Sally? Yes can I speak with Sally? Hang on just a second I'll transfer you upstairs. Mrs. Sally can I help you? Hello Sally? Yes. Hi this is Ron Reagan. I was just wondering if Nancy was there. No I'm sorry I was just wondering if Nancy was there. No I'm sorry Ron she isn't here right now. We do expect her shortly though. Yes I just wanted to ask her if this year I can hide my own Easter eggs. Because I probably won't remember quite where I put them. Yeah I can pass on that message to her. Uh oh I'm getting stiffer than Richard Nixon. Really? Yes it's a horrible thing. Have you seen my daughter in Playboy? No I wouldn't see that. Have I met you? Several times. It's a pleasure meeting you. Did you have nice cans? I think you're getting a little absurd now. Absurd? That's sexual harassment. I'm sorry no it's Alzheimer's. The Opie and Anthony Show. Crone men jumping all over each other. Okay terrific. For your information about two hours ago Tom Brokaw was seen scuba diving in the ocean doing a live broadcast to see if JFK Jr. was faking his death. He is hoping he will reappear from the water and catch him in the act. Come on. I don't think Tom Brokaw is in the water. I believe finally the story is dead and they've run out of angle so I wouldn't be surprised if some of the networks did get some scuba divers down there to see if something is going on. But actually scuba diving? Actually on the beach with scuba gear? Ladies and gentlemen Tom Brokaw, MBC Nightly News. You know it's strange I sound better with the regulator in my mouth than I do just trying to speak normally. Normally. Normally. Hey I'm Tom? Yes Tom Brokaw. You sound a little out of it today. Well I... You sound a little light headed or something. I was deep diving looking for JFK Jr. I don't believe he's dead. I think it's a big conspiracy and I ran out of oxygen 200 feet below the surface and had to ascend so rapidly that Tom Brokaw, me, Tom Brokaw got the bends, nitrogen bubbles in my bloodstream so I'm a bit bruised there. But I do believe I did see JFK Jr. when I was, just before I passed out. I also saw a ricochet rabbit and the Care Bears. They were all doing a dance and then someone pulled me out of the drink. Yeah, now Tom? I believe it was the Navy vessel La Grasse still on site picking up any lost screw that came from JFK's plane at the cost of millions and millions of dollars. I was, I was wowed by Ariel the Little Mermaid. It was nice, you know, she's got nice cans for a cartoon mermaid, a little redhead chick. You know those mermaids, very deceiving. Great cans you could feel but if you try to go south it gets a little fishy. Tom Brokaw, Embassy Nightliner. I couldn't tell where the skin ended and the scales started as I tried making love to a mermaid. On my next report Tom Brokaw makes love to a mermaid, flipping up scales to find the elusive mermaid gang. You know what the odd thing is? It smells like human. Tom, while we have you in the studio? Yes, all three and a half minutes. What was the toughest thing you've ever had to say on the news? I believe it was back in the 80s. It had to be the day that, oh my, the day Leon Klinghoffer was thrown off of the cruise ship Achilligloro. The Achilligloro where wheelchair bound Leon Klinghoffer was thrown overboard by terrorists who took over the cruise ship Achilligloro. Why do you always make Tom Brokaw say that? Say what? Achilligloro. Oh look at the time they've refilled my oxygen tanks. I am still searching for evidence of the death of JFK. Well good luck in the search Mr. Brokaw. Thank you, Opie and Anthony, as I now descend back into the depths. Look out people. There he goes, Tom Brokaw. Swimming away. Tom Brokaw. He's having sex with a mermaid. Opie and Anthony, 107-WMEW.