 I want to know how much heroin Jimmy was doing. You know that song is very cool. The first four and a half minutes and then it sounds like a train wreck at the end, doesn't it? Oh, oh, oh. 1027WIW where rock lives, two from Jimi Hendrix. That was Jimmy's thing. That was Jimmy playing and then he was trying to shake the needle out of his arm with the guitar. It was just like, whoa, Jimmy. Six was nine and purple haze, it's Opie and Anthony. Are we going to put Steve Mason on the radio to support the President of the United States of America? Yeah, what's your official stand on this? Are you a libertarian? Well, first of all, who are you? Yeah, wait a minute. All I am is WNAW listener. Oh, okay. That's it. All right. You're just a listener. Wanted in off the streets. All right. Because I was pissed off. All right. Because you guys are such prudes about this thing. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Prudes? Yeah, you're prudes. You're like young guys. You're supposed to be... All right, wait, let me make this statement, okay? My rock stars, you know, my favorite rock stars, I want to see them banging broads backstage and interns and stuff, but I don't want to know that the President of the United States is eating pie in the Oval Office. He comes from a long line of presidents who have had extramarital affairs, right? Who the hell cares? Why is this the guy that we're going to make an example of? I'll tell you why, because he's picking the wrong women. They're all... You know, if you want to sleep with Linda Tripp, I would have said impeach him. Impeach the guy if he sleeps with Linda Tripp. I mean Kennedy at least had the respect to do starlets in Hollywood broads. This guy is doing it with pangs. That's why I don't respect him. I think we should impeach him on that point alone. But you don't really think we should impeach him. Yeah. You really think we should impeach him? He's a lame duck president now. Every president after six years is a lame duck president. This is a little different. When she says Steve, I think he's... No, Reagan after six years was stuck in the Iran-Contra controversy. This guy's stuck in... I never said, wait a minute... So to speak. I never remembered anything about Iran-Contra. But I do know that when I slept with broads, it was always with mommy's approval. I think it looks bad in the eyes of the rest of the world. It does look bad in the eyes of the rest of the world. This guy can't control his libido. Clinton doesn't look bad in the eyes of the rest of the world. We look bad with the way we're reacting. Oh, come on. So you're saying, then bring on the trapeze in the Oval Office. No, seriously. Bring out the gimp. Where's the presidential leather mask with the rubber ball in the mouth? François Mitterrand, when he died, the Prime Minister of France, when he died, at the front row of the funeral, front row seats at the funeral, wife, mistress, daughter, together. But did he go on TV and lie about it when he was confronted with the issue? Did George Bush lie about it when he said, read my lips, no new taxes? Of course he did. Well, all these politicians lie. We should throw them all out. We should throw them all out. We should throw them all out. We should throw them all out. Not except the fact that politicians lie about it. Get used to it. No, I'm not going to get used to that. Say what I have to do to get elected. But I want to go back to the France thing. Yeah. You're using France as an example. Yeah. Yeah, and the president can screw around and look at how it happens. Nazis come in without a fight. They take over the whole damn country. Yeah. See? You don't want that. Oh, there's a real strong image. Wait a minute. This thing about compromising national security. Absolutely. By getting a hummer from Monica, are you out of your mind? He shows his weakness to the world. It's the thin spot of the hole. Wait, it's the thin spot on every guy's hole. Wait, wait, we don't know for sure if there was a Scud missile up Monica's, you know what, that big focus of hers. We don't know for sure if she was smuggling something in there. Monica was not a spy. He didn't compromise national security by... Well, now he is, though. She could have been trying to gather up DNA so they could clone the president, brainwash him and switch him with the one we have now. Yeah, and on top of everything else. Then there'll be trouble. I mean, if you get a dirty dress, seriously, if you got a dirty dress, why the hell don't you take that thing into the dry cleaners? What the hell is she doing with that thing? Pressing it like a prom corsage in a book. She's just, she's running around looking for married men to sleep with. Well, the dress is the whole reason that the president had to finally confess. He was going to deny, deny, deny, but someone obviously got to him and said, oh, right. But yeah, the polls got to him and said, none of us really care. His poll was getting everybody else. And I love how everyone comes out. Look at you now. I see you knocking Monica a little bit. No, no, no, not knocking Monica. Oh, yeah, sure. I see a lot of these guys. Who can say the adults should get her in the right light? I kind of like her. Yeah, doesn't she have kind of a look? No, not enough. I like the shot where she has her bedroom eyes open. No, I would absolutely put her on my staff. There you go. I say not enough beer in the bar. It was last call in the Oval Office. Yeah, I was looking around. Who could I ask? Well, you're the only one around. He's left. Yes. So are you guys going to get off your prude attitude? Prude? Is that even the issue? I certainly don't care. Hillary Clinton wrote his speech last night? Wow. Where did you find that out? New York Times. Where? New York Times on this show? New York Times, right here. New York Times, A-15, today. I must have missed this as I was picking up the inquiry. Hillary Clinton wrote his speech for him. Really? That's a marriage of convenience. Of course. We all know that. That's obvious. That's been obvious for many years. They made a deal a long time ago. She knows he's screwing around. I don't know. She doesn't care. And I don't have a problem with that. I have a problem with him lying to the American people. What's the difference between that and read my lips, no new taxes? It's just, let's see, what is the difference? And then he raises taxes. That was Bush. Hmm. Hmm. What do you think that's different than being able to control your swine? You know? I think that is different. Right. And what's the difference between, it didn't cost me any money, Bush raised taxes, that cost me money. Circumstances dictated, a raise in taxes. What can you say? How can circumstances dictate that he's got to dictate? It's a little different, I think. Politicians lie, guys. Get used to it. All right, so let's just keep going and, you know, maybe a few more presidents down the line will have the trapeze of sex in the Oval Office. I think we will. And it will be perfectly fine. I think we will. All right. Unless we elect a new president, we'll have to have a new president. We'll have to have a new president. We'll have to have a new president. We'll have to have a new president. We'll have to have a new president. I think we will. All right. Unless we elect Gore, because I don't think he says sex in the news. That's a different kind of stiff in the Oval Office. There you go. All right, Seymour, thanks for coming up off the streets, I guess. Yeah, thanks. Security. Security. Anthony's Clinton song on the way because we wasted too much time here, so we'll do that next time we talk. Stay there. Wow, we are making people think today. You know what the whole thing is? We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of fun. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Indeed – The problem is the President is acting like a goopy DJ. The President is doing broads and smoking pot and not hanging with his wife. That's what radio guys do. Pay him a fax or phone. Yeah, you know. Compare our jobs to the President's. Oh, what do you got there? What's that button? I got lots of buttons over here. Does that play Johnny Lang or does it launch a cruise missile? I think it plays Johnny Lang. I bet. What does that one do? Does that bring up the, oh my God, don't hit it. I'm sure something will blow up. I don't think it's so serious what we do here. I am tired of people insinuating that I am ignorant for caring that our President has no integrity. That's how everybody seems to be reacting. Isn't that silly? It's ridiculous. I mean, you have to look up to the President of the United States and he has to have certain qualities which are outstanding. He's got to be respected as a leader. Exactly. I cannot believe how many people don't see that. It's scary. It doesn't matter how this got out, why it got out, or even the lying, whatever. He comes across now as not looking like a leader that can lead the most powerful nation on the globe. Well, let's face it. I mean, he lied about smoking marijuana too. He's been lying since he started running for Governor of Arkansas. Exactly. It's very, very embarrassing. He lost his credibility a long time ago, but I think this is the final straw right here. Yeah, I hope so anyway. He's got no scruples. Yes, and I think people should care about that. And I think that's the point. I think it's like everything is reversed from the olden days where people used to care about stuff like that. Now it's like out of vogue to care about morals and integrity. And that's a sad state of affairs. What are we teaching our children? He wants to put V-chips. Remember, Bill Clinton wanted to put the V-chip in our TV, and they've been putting it in so that the children can't watch a sexually oriented TV show. Exactly. He's got to have a V-chip on his fly. Yeah, exactly. Now there's an article in the paper, how to tell your kids about what happened with Bill and Monica. Great. Oh, no, is there really? Yeah. That's funny. You're on a psychobabble trip, so how do you tell your kids what little dolls Bill did? And he touched her where her bathing suit covers. They had a little secret. Oh my God, that is so funny. You see, he was trying to find the little canoe driver. Okay, guys. Well, thanks for listening. All right. All right, bye. Hey, we only have 20 minutes before we've got to give the other side of this whole thing. Well, look at this. Andrew from Manhattan. When did you guys turn into such prudes? All right, well, at five o'clock, we're going to completely change our take on this. Yeah, of course we are. At least the people are getting it. Yeah. We played the other angle on purpose here. We got 20 more minutes and then we totally change our take on the story. Don't worry. Yeah, so stick around for that. And hypocrites, too. Yeah, that's okay. Here's a song that Anthony and his brother Joe did over the weekend. I think this is why Clinton confessed. There you go. We're 15 minutes away before we have to change our opinion on the Bill and Monica thing. So if you're against Clinton, you have 15 minutes to call us and have us agree with you. Yeah. And then we're going the other route. Right. Then at five o'clock, whoever tunes us in for the first time is in for a big surprise. 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York. It's Two for Tuesday with REM. I like that one. Got to thank the gang from Capitol steps for sending us a copy of their unzipping my do da si. They're playing a couple of tracks off that off and on today in the program. Instant email. Z-Man from Queens hoping. Yeah. I don't think he likes us. Well, most people don't. He says we're hypocrites. You know. So what? You know what? We're hypocrites. We're hypocrites. We're hypocrites. You know what? You never cheated on your wife. I know in the four years I've known Anthony hasn't cheated on his wife. Lord knows I've tried to get him on the women, but he has always said no. That's like Z-Man trying to justify his probably cheating all the time. Well, you never did. Everyone does. Right? No, Anthony doesn't. No, I haven't yet. I'm still looking. All right. So all right. Well, we got to change our opinion in four minutes anyway. the show today. Yeah. Because we know like people, you know, only check our program out for 15 or 20 minutes at a time. So the next time we talk, we're going to be pro Clinton. Yeah. Because we've been bashing Clinton for two hours. So now we're going to be on his side for the next two hours. So taking some heat from the people that support Clinton. So now we will just change. We don't care. We don't have no agenda. You think we care? No, we don't have any scruples. No, just like the president. He has no scruples and we don't have any scruples. Hey, you can't bad mouth. Oh, wait. Yeah, you got four minutes. We're still bad mouth them for a couple more minutes and then we got to change our opinion here. So I say impeach them and throw them out of office. Yeah, that pervert. That's right. All right. He's lost his credibility. Yeah. He's hurting the country is what it is. That's right. What about the children? Yeah. What about the children? Children. How can he set an example for children in this country? They're going to grow up and be perverts just like him. Yeah. Family values. Yeah. V-chips for everyone. Yeah. Yeah. All right. That's it. All right. Next time we talk, we'll be on his side. So on the way we got we'll go. Oh, Zeppelin. Cool. We'll do that by request and rush next. Stay there. One oh two seven W on EW where Rock lives two for Tuesday with Led Zeppelin down by the seaside heartbreaker, live and love and made before that. It's Opie and Anthony. I'm looking at the CNN web page and I see that the president and Hillary have boarded the helicopter that's going to take them out of Washington and take them on vacation to Martha's Vineyard for the next two weeks. Our friend Foots got a couple of facts here. Mr. President, you just admitted in front of the whole country that you're an adulterer and a liar. Now what? I'm going to Disney World. People have been calling and faxing and emailing and they want to know our opinion on the whole thing. Our stance on this whole thing. So I guess we should pipe in with our views, right? Yeah, quite frankly, I think I think he came clean, admitted this in front of the people, which took a lot of courage. Yes, I agree. And it is a privacy issue. Yeah, definitely. That's how it should be dealt with. issue that the American people should be involved in. And he's a good president. We should leave it at that and Ken Starr should back off. Of course, he's a great president. What happened? I just started laughing. Sorry, this is a serious issue. Just speak from the heart. Obviously, the truth will come out. Yeah, and you know, who cares if he lied about his sexual affair with my influence? He didn't lie either. That's not lying. He just kept certain details from people. Yeah, but that's not lying. Yeah, that's true. I hate hearing when the Republicans come out and say that. Yeah, but that's lying. But besides, I mean, all politicians lie, you know, that's true, too. And let's face the fact. I mean, the country runs itself. Do we really, you know, have to worry about? Yeah, and that's an issue. He's a strong enough leader that if something comes up, he can handle it. Right. You know, I don't think I think we should get back to the business of running this country and not spending our tax dollars on a witch hunt. Yeah, of course. Of course, we could have solved the homeless problem in New York with the money they spent on this investigation. And besides, everyone cheats. Right. Everyone in America cheats. Yeah, if you cheat and you're approached, you're going to say yes. Yeah, exactly. No, he's a human being. Right. The president is a human being and he has his flaws, but it doesn't keep him from doing his job. Yeah. And he's done a damn good job. You know, he is the president of the United States, but you know, he's got a personal life. Let's just leave him alone. And what about Chelsea? Poor Chelsea. She has suffered enough. Could everyone just leave this issue alone? And Chelsea go back to school. Can I make a plea to the media? Yeah. Please leave the Clintons alone in Martha's Vineyard on vacation. They have a lot of healing to do. Yes. I'm sure they'll be going to church with Jesse Jackson again. Yes. And just trying to get the family back together. Right. And leave the poor guy alone. I think he's been through enough. There you go. Monica Lewinsky, I think, is the cause of this whole thing. Yeah. She's no innocent broad. You know, you have a guy in the White House trying to run the free world and sometimes it gets rough and he gets a young girl coming in there and coming on to him. We're all weak sometimes. He's just a man. There you go. Leave the guy alone. OK, very good. We're finally piping in on the issue. 212-757-1027. Let's take a couple of calls here. Hi, Andy W. Hey, Opie. Anthony. How are you doing, guys? What's up, man? I have to say, I got a comment on Slick Willie. All right. You guys are so right because as an ex-serviceman of a foreign war, the Gulf War, and a current city police officer, I got to say one thing. What? It's not just that he nailed this chick in the office, but it's his whole track record. Oh, come on. The guy is a rare sergeant. Listen, give the guy a break already. Kenneth Starr has been spending how much? 40 million dollars on this investigation. It's time to get it over with and get back to the business of running the country. The guy is doing a great job. I don't see why he's hung out the drive by a right-wing conspiracy that everyone sees it. Leave the guy alone. It's his personal life, for God's sake. Organizing wars on farm soil, blowing dougs, banging broads, and he's a tax chief with white water. I say he hasn't. Come on. Let me tell you something. Yeah, but we nickled him a time saying that we paid for the tolls or something. I say we make sure he has broads all the time so he can lead the country. He obviously needs these broads to lead the country. It's an ex-pollidium. So let's wire him up as a white house. Broad for Clinton. Oh, God. One for Clinton. Let me tell you, I was speaking on a whole platoon to Clinton. All right, later. Let me get rid of that guy. He obviously doesn't agree with our point of view. Damn. I.N.E.W. Well, listen, how's Clinton doing? Are you still busting his balls or are you going pro now? I don't understand what you're talking about. We have been behind the president as I think everybody should be in his time of need. He's been doing a fantastic job and I'm sick of everyone bashing him. He came clean. It's a personal issue between him and his wife. And I think this investigation has gone on too long and cost too much money. The damn right-wing conspiracy is what it is. He's been the president during the most prosperous time in this country. You ought to have some respect. We got to go now. All right. Take care. Wow, it's amazing how many people have different opinions than what we just said on the radio. Yeah, yeah. It's kind of shocking, actually. 1027 W.I.N.E.W., the Rock of New York, two for Tuesday, Aerosmith song for the president. I'm wacky. I just dedicated that to the president. That's insane, Ophi. I'm a brilliant radio DJ. You're like one of those wack zingarific DJs. Dedicated big 10-inch to the president. Ho ho! And then I'm going to follow it up with Fat Bottom Girls for Monica. I'm so good at this. It's Ophi and Anthony. Hey, you got a chance to win tickets tomorrow morning with Dave Herman to the... ...Taping of the VH1 Storytellers featuring Sheryl Crowe. We're doing that off and on for you. That's happening Thursday night only on the Rock of New York, W.I.N.E.W. And I mention that because we're going to have the New York City premiere of Sheryl Crowe's latest song, Before the Hour is Up. So keep listening, okay? Hey, Ophi! Yeah? Is Bill Clinton going to do a storyteller's? Ho ho! See that? Ho ho! That's a little segue joke about the president. We're taking a lot of heat for supporting the president this afternoon. I figured someone out here in the media had to support the president. Not many people are doing it, really. Commander in Chief, we have to stick behind? Yeah. Of course. Let's go to the phones here. Hi, N.E.W. You know, the president did lie to the American public. What's a little lie between friends? He didn't lie. Between friends, he has a duty to be truthful and to set an example for the children of this nation. He was thinking of his family. Wouldn't you think of your family in that circumstance? I would think of the family. Just because he's the president doesn't mean he doesn't have feelings about his family. He was obviously protecting his family. That's all that was about. Come on, we can see through this. Come on. No! He didn't lie. He was keeping a few details from people that would have incriminated him. He did lie. He said, sir, I want you to listen to me. I did not have sexual relations with that woman. Yeah, but what does sexual relations mean? There's different meanings. He didn't use sexual relations in his comments last night. There's different meanings to that. He didn't feel that he was having a relationship with her. And don't you know in Arkansas, eating ain't cheating? Eating ain't cheating. So to him, you know, he never had sexual relations with her. Why don't you just lighten up on the guy, the poor guy? No, no, no, because I agree with the whole $40 million has gone way too far. But this out honestly... We could have solved that. ...we could have starved to back off and leave the poor guy alone. We could spend the tax money maybe on the homeless or building rehab centers for drug addicts. That's exactly right. But too, the situation has come about. Or crack babies. The situation has come about and he did make comments to the United States saying that he did not have sexual relations. Hey, all politicians lie. It's no big deal. It took a lot of courage for him to get on TV last night and come clean like that. And I think that shows that he is a noble, truthful, and respectable man. Thank you. Thanks for your comments. Man, unbelievable how people understand our point, you know? A woman can't stand behind Bill Clinton like that. Yeah, I mean, the country runs itself. So who cares if the president's getting a little action in the Oval Office? What else does he have to do in there lately, right? Exactly. Two for Tuesday. We got two from Pearl Jam next. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. Two for Tuesday with Pearl Jam. Those guys coming to town in September for a few sold out shows. Are we going to have tickets for Pearl Jam Boss? Yeah. We are? Nice. All right, cool. Certainly. So you got to keep listening to A&W for that. And right around the corner we got the New York City premiere of the new Sheryl Crow song. All right? Okay. Well, I guess we got to go back to the phones because a lot of people are disagreeing with our opinions about the Bill and Monica thing. Well, I have a few people on the Instant Feedback that actually agree with us. Oh, nice. Bill Clinton has come forward, told the truth, and that we should get on with the business of running this country and not spend any more tax dollars and time on what amounts to a witch hunt. Of course it's a witch hunt. This was invented by the Republicans, this whole mess. Right from the start. Right from the start. And Bill Clinton now has a big problem of dealing with personal issues, which should have remained personal. Yes. And he's going to take some time vacationing with his wife and family and get things back together. And is he going to come back with a clear head? Well, yeah, so to speak. I didn't say nothing. Why is everyone laughing? So to speak. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York, two for Tuesday with you two, a couple from Rattle and Hum. Phoebe King helping out Bono on When Love Comes to Town. Grooving there. I felt like I was in Louisiana. I love that song, actually. Actually, I think we're the only radio station in America that plays that song, When Love Comes to Town. Right? Little Blake. So, Opie, it's Anthony. Where did the boss go? I don't know. He just poked his head and I think he's going home. We should get him on the radio. He hasn't been on the radio since he like cursed us out and stuff and said we were doing a really crappy job for him. I don't think he ever said that, Opie, did he? I thought it was. That's what I thought, yeah. I want to get his take on the whole Clinton thing. Hmm. You think he'll come back in? Probably not. He's looking at us. No, he ain't coming back in. He's scared of us. We got him trained already. Just like the last guy, right? Look at you. I don't even bring out that guy. There's no comparison. None at all, actually. Okay, we got an email from Judy here. I listened to you guys from 4.30 to 5.30 today. That's the key to some of you guys out there. 4.30 to 5.30 today. On my way from Patterson to Rockaway, New Jersey. And you are a riot. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. I love both your suggestions. They're nuts if they ever let you go. Good luck, Judy. I don't know. We think they're staying here, right? Yeah. We'll hang for a while. We'll hang for a while. See if we can get the station above it too. Latest ratings came out today. What did we do? I don't know. I know it's nothing stellar. Oh, really? Yeah. Status quo? Yeah, pretty much. Bottom of the radio barrel in New York? We're still number 21, 21st or something like that. Great. Thanks for helping us out, guys. Cool. Thank you. Within the last month and a half, we went from 21st place to 21st place. We went from 21st place to 21st place. We went from 21st place to 21st place. Thanks for the support. Appreciate it. Hey, is there anything else going on in the world besides the President thing? Well, I just wanted to bring something up. Don't worry, I'm not beating on you or anything. You got your haircut. I'm not... He gets so sensitive and it just has nothing to do with your haircut. I'm just saying you got your haircut and it was getting long. Yeah. There are people out there that have long hair, girls with long hair. Wait, wait, wait. There's something that happens... I just want to get to something that happens in the shower. Oh, okay. Are you going to do a stupid Jerry Seinfeld thing with the hair on the shower and stuff? No, not quite in the shower. Where the hair... On the shower. Okay, guys. And I tell you how can you rinse it down the wall? It's a hair on the wall and I throw the water around it. No, not that. All right, go, go. There's something that happens when you have long hair. When you wash your hair, I guess a couple of pieces of hair might come out and they rinse down your body and get in a very sensitive area, let's say. Because I'm curious because it happens to my wife Jennifer too. That when you start drying off, you go to dry the undercarriage, let's say, and it's like, whew, whew, what is that? And what is it? Well, we call it a wild hair in your ass. Come on. Now, we can't be the only two people on the face of the earth that this happened to. And like as you're drying, you kind of like pull the hair that was in your head and is now like, you know, I guess in your crack. Maybe your hair isn't long enough. What happened to our radio show? Oh, but it's just something that happens and I was wondering if it just happened to anybody else. No, it hasn't, Cy. Or you. No, because you shed. Maybe your hair just isn't long enough. What's going on with you and your wife and hair falling out in your place? Nothing. As you wash your hair, you haven't like cleaned the drain out and there's some hair in there? Of course, yeah. I will. I'm just saying sometimes it might not make it to the drain. And it makes it to your A. It just kind of, you know, wherever. You got a hairy A. No. You got a hairy A. You got a hairy A. You brought this up with you. But you're the only one. It looks like the Batcave, doesn't it, back there? No. You know how the Batmobile had to go through that device and stuff? Is that what your A is? I'm not talking about the hair on it. I knew it was a lost cause. I try to get to the bottom of something. You got to the bottom of it, all right. And see if anybody else has experienced the wild hair. It's A. It looks like the Batcave. I'm talking about... You don't know what the entrance is. Which is a good thing, actually. Yeah, keep it camouflaged. All right. Maybe I'm a nut. What do I know? Maybe someone has something on the phone to help us out. Sorry. Hi, N.E.W. Okay. I'll be honest with you guys. At first, I thought you guys sucked. Right. But then when I heard that librarian goof, you know, with Anita Buschlicker, the road rage, and especially I like the Darth Vulgar, I'm starting to get turned on to you guys. You're very stern-esque, so to speak. I think anybody doing anything on the radio instead of just singing songs is obviously going to get the comparison. Well, I'm an original diehard fan, like I say, and at first I didn't care for you guys, but then, like I say, you started to grow on me a bit more. Would you like to hear Darth Vulgar today? Yeah, that would be a solid. All right, man. I'm a Star Wars fan. Where are you calling from? Babylon. Right on, bro. Thank you. 1027 WNAW, The Rock of New York, 2 for Tuesday. Peter Gabriel, I have the touch from the Phenomenon CD. What were you soundtrack? I wish people could see that. Well, what did I do? I didn't do nothing at all. When you go to the mic and go, 107, and it's not on, and you go, oh, hit the button, and then you go, 107, 107. What is Anthony saying? He's announcing wrong stations and saying wrong things. I don't know. What I'm saying is that you didn't have your mic on. How does... I have my mic on. Mr. Jackass. All right, to the listeners out there, did I have my microphone on? Did I come in right at the end of that song, and did I say the correct call letters of the right radio station that I'm working at? All right, fine. Unlike other people who just announced another station that I think is a country station somewhere, I didn't say anything. All right. All right, enough. What did we learn today? We learned absolutely nothing. We did? Yeah. Well, we had our little opinion on the Clinton thing. Yes, and thanks for the support. Yes. And tomorrow is Clinton Free Wednesday? Yes, let's do that. Let's do a Clinton Free Wednesday tomorrow. I think we can handle that. We won't talk about Bill Clinton unless he does something tonight. Yeah. Maybe Hillary will kill him and we'll have to talk about him tonight. Bring back Ronald Reagan. We need another depression. Who wrote that? Earl? Oh, Earl. Come here. Oh, here he is, Mr. Liberal. What was wrong with Ronald Reagan? He's a black guy. The guy did a great job. Ronald Reagan is not a black guy. Oh, Earl is. Earl is black, and most black guys don't like Clinton, right? No, they like Clinton. Oh, they like him. Okay. What's the problem with Reagan? He's stupider than Dirk. What's wrong with Reagan? Reagan was a power. He kicked ass and nobody messed with him. That's right. He was using some of that good Pentagon hardware or tax dollars paid for to bomb people, not take testimony of his swing at a remote location. Reagan would have been found in the Oval Office with his pants down. Reagan did find out. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. He did. Oh, yeah? Reagan did find his pants right there. I did. I did all my screwing back in the Hollywood days when I was in the movies. I beat it down with Bonzo once. Well, that was the best time I ever had. Now, Reagan was a great president. He was a great president. What a great leader that guy was. Oh, another depression. Reagan gets a bad rap for the economy that happened after he got out of office. With the Democratic Congress. With the Democratic Congress. That's right. Oh, why do you think the economy is great now? Bill Clinton and his magic wand behind his zipper? I don't think so. It's the Republican Congress. Oh, and it's just the way the economy runs in waves. Runs in waves. Good, bad. It doesn't matter who's in office. I apologize. What puppets in the White House that four-year block of time that the economy's doing? The economy's doing good or bad. Earl, don't apologize. Challenge us. Ronald Reagan brought back some respect to a country that had another hillbilly, Jimmy Carter, who remember he got in trouble for having lust in his heart. Remember that? The Playboy interview? Oh, my God. I have had lust in my heart. The problem was no one wanted to do Carter. He would have been in the same boat. Yeah, he'd have been in the same boat. Clinton is. I just couldn't find no one to sleep with me. But him, that whole debacle with Iran and Reagan gets in, busts some butt, makes some appropriate cuts where they belonged, and brought the country back. There you go. Amen. And you never heard about his ween. That's right. His ween wasn't brought up in the eight years that he was in office, either figuratively speaking or... Our literal challenger. What do you got to say about that, Earl? I got my presidents mixed up. I met George Bush. George Bush! Now, George Bush was another great leader. Come on. What a great... He got knocked by the Democrats so bad. How the hell did he ever lose that election anyway? See how the polls turned? You know why? Huh. Because he said, read my lips, no taxes. See, he lied to the American people and they threw him out. Yes. They didn't reelect him. So, Bill Clinton, he got into office on a lie, twice. Oh, all right, Earl. Great. Good work, Earl. Good reading, Earl. Thank you. You helped out our show today. Thank you. Bring back Ronald Reagan. This was our... Even though the Depression... This was our best break of the day. Thank you. I'm serious. Whenever you want to... Whenever you want to... Whenever you want to be a lair report... Whenever you want to participate in the Opie and Anthony show, just feel free to come on in and bust in and jump on mics. When did we turn into the Larry King show in here? Right. Crossfire. Opie and Anthony in the crossfire. And Earl. Earl. Earl. All right. James Carvel. All right, we got to get out of here. All right, man, we're done. Yeah, Matt Devote is on your radio next. Thanks for checking us out. Two for Tuesday continues. What's the first two for, Matt? Oh...