 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York with Days of the New and the Downtown. It's Opie and it's Anthony. Hey! What's up? Hey! Whoa, wow, you're in a very good mood for a Monday. Well, I had a nice relaxing weekend. Did you? Yes. What did you do? Anything fun? No, nothing exciting, I guess. I tried to golf again. Ugh, I just suck! I don't know what it is. I can't figure that game out. Most people can't figure it out, though. Yeah, but I really can't. Yeah? Yeah, I'm a hacker. Are you one of those? I actually hurt my wrist from hitting the ground too hard once. I felt like wheeing. I was like, ah, ah. Are you one of those guys that carries around a six-pack when you golf? No, I didn't even drink. It was too early. Really? It got over like six o'clock and you're golfing. I don't know everything that you have to do on the weekends involves getting up very early. Do you want to go fishing? We don't fish yet. All right, I'll see you like noon. No, no, no. We got to go out at 4.30. Get out at like 2. You got to be out in the boat by 3. You got to be fishing. Fish, no. You're so freaking tired. Yeah, you're exhausted, you sink a fish. Yeah, so I got up early and golfed badly and hung out, crapped out. That's pretty bizarre. I got to mark a lot of sleep. I got to mark this on the calendar. I think this is the first time you've woke up before noon on a weekend in your whole life. Shut up. That is not true. Come on. Tell me the last time you got up before noon on a weekend. Before noon on a weekend. And why? Because you probably had to go do something that you didn't want to do. I usually wake up early, but I stay in bed. Me and Jen like to sit and watch the Home Improvement shows, laughing them. Home Improvement? Well, it's funny. You ever see like interior motives? Well, I like interior motives. You do? Yes, I do. Today we're going to learn how to do stenciling on the top of the panel of your walls and see what colors really work. I was fixated on this show. He could be the gayest guy in the world. The host of interior motives, I think it's on the Learning Channel, he has reached terminal gayness. The gayest individual. There is no hope for that guy. None gayer. It's interesting because the paper today asked a lot of straight people if they think homosexual people could change their ways. And a lot of people think they could. Right. You got to see interior motives and you tell me if that guy can be straight some day. No freaking way. Well, what did you do? I went to Boston. No, I mean what did you do to get straight? Oh, did you? Yeah, I'm a big fat homo. You got me. You got me. I see you went to Boston. Wow, you're too quick for me. I'm a pickle smuggler. That's me. All right. I'm a butler. Very good. You got me. Geez, I have no comeback for that one. All right. Very good. What did you do? This weekend? Yeah. I just went to Boston to make sure my girlfriend wasn't dating. Was she dating? Did you walk in on her in the middle of the act with some guy? No, I called her on the way so I blew it. Well, I didn't want to be surprised so I went up there and made sure she didn't date this weekend. She just opened the door and cracked it. Oh, Hopi, what are you doing home? Sandy, are you coming back in the room? All right. So, I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. That was a pretty boring weekend actually. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we're ready, Rock. Fact line is 212-957-WNEW. Wow, phones are really like crazy. Let's grab one right here. Hi, NEW. Hello there. Yeah, what's up? What kind of name is Hopi? That's a viable question. People probably want to know. It's a crappy question. Well, I was the only one in seventh grade that didn't have a nickname. It's not a radio name, by the way. It's been my name since I was 12. That's what I go as. My mom calls me Dopey, but besides that, everyone else calls me Hopi. How do you feel? But put it this way. I had three choices. They all ganged up on me in math class in seventh grade and they said, hey kid, you don't have a nickname. We're going to give you one right now. Julie Burson, by the way. So they make me stand up in front of the class and then they decide what they're going to call me. It was either going to be Four Eyes, Will Robinson from Lawson Space. Warning. Or it was going to be Howdy Freaking Duty. Oh my God. And then they came up with Hopi and I'm like, trust me, I'll take Hopi out of the other choices. Thank you. Good choice. My last name is Finnelli. I want to tell you I had a few of those weird names too. Listen, I want to tell you guys you're all right. I started out not liking you. I'm 50 years old. I've been listening to NAW since I was one. Wow. I started out thinking that this wasn't a good idea, but I'm changing my mind. Hey, thanks a lot. Thank you. That's good work, guys. I appreciate it. Okay, bye. Bye. Hey, we're starting off on the right foot today. Okay. Very good. Woo. Thank you. On the way we got Pearl Jam and Kiss next. 1027W, NAW, The Rock of New York, another track from Yield. That's Pearl Jam in hiding. Those guys coming to the big town in September for a couple sold out shows. We might just have a few extra tickets laying around the joint for you and when we get closer to the date, we'll let you know about it, okay? Yeah. It's Hopi. It's Anthony. Hey, man. Hey, last night I rented The Wedding Singer, finally. Yeah. I thought that was supposed to be a really good movie. I haven't seen it, so I can't tell you. Ugh. That's one with Adam Sandler. Yeah. Yeah. I thought it was such a good movie and it was just released that I was going to the video store three or four times a day, you know, just hoping to luck out and have a copy on the shelf. A new release? Yeah. No, forget it. Yeah. You're not going to get it. And it was bad? Put it this way, I'm in love with Drew Barrymore. If she wasn't in the movie, I would think that movie would blow. She's pumping up a little too. I mean, it wasn't a bad movie, but I was expecting Drew Barrymore's pump. What are you talking about? You don't want to hear it. What are you talking about? I just want to get off the subject, but. What are you talking about, Drew Barrymore's pumping up? I picked up the National Enquirer. I got Monica Lewinsky on the cover and I thought that the picture of Joe Barrymore was Monica. Really? Look at her. Look, see? This is how she used to look. And now she's, she's plumping up. She's got cafeteria lady arms. Look at that. She's looking like Drew Carrons. What happened to lovely Drew? She's eating. Some reason. I'm depressed. Well, anyway. Yeah. She was in that movie. Well, The Wedding Singer, I don't know, just wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be. Everyone was talking about The Wedding Singer, The Wedding Singer, the 80s references, the 80s songs in the movie. That stuff was cool, but the movie was kind of slow moving and boring. And you still couldn't get it in the video store? No, I got a theory about this. When a new release hits your video store, it is the most sought after video. Yeah. And it doesn't matter how good the movie was in theaters. It could be the worst movie. It could have, it could have bombed in the theaters, but because it's a new release in your video store, everyone has to go and get it. I don't understand that. I want to be the first one to see it. I remember that. You know, oh, Biodome's out. We got to get Pauly Short's Biodome. That's a great movie. Super Mario Brothers. I can't find her. Yeah. It was awful. It was hard. I don't know. It was all right. I was expecting better from Adam Sandler and Drew Barrymore, to be honest with you. Speaking of awful, did you see HBO last night? Jerry Seinfeld? I purposely missed it because the reviews on it were so bad. I should have, I should have saw it just because of that, but how bad was it? You know what it reminds me of? You see those stories about the old Miser woman that was found in her house. She has millions of dollars, but she keeps using the same old tea bag to make the cup of tea. That's what Jerry's doing. He made how much money off of the Seinfeld show? Millions and millions. He's making more, tons of money off of this tour that he did, the HBO special that he did last night, and it's the same old tea bag he's using. Bloop, bloop, bloop. So he didn't really have any new jokes or? No, but that was the whole thing. He went into it saying, this is going to be my old act. I'm doing my old act. It's just tired. It's old. I think he's about to stand up in eight to ten years, right? Yeah. You would think he'd have some brand new observations and new angles on things by now. I don't know, what about these new garbage pills? He's talking about his engagement like ten years ago. I was engaged ten years ago. Ten years engagement. It's like a roller coaster ride. I heard it before, Jerry. Please stop. But he's talking about stuff that's just old. Why does McDonald's have to tell us how many burgers they sold? It doesn't anymore, really. It doesn't. It's just like billions and billions served. It's not like I need a number? Okay, why don't you just put McDonald's? We're doing very well. All right, Jerry. That was funny in the eighties. Great. You might as well bring my act back if Jerry's going to get out there. I could talk about tongue and cheeks like I did in the eighties. But it was the same. I mean, it might as well have been. Why? Because it's Jerry and it's clean, that it's more funny? No, it's just old hat already. That's too bad. How about those peanuts? Why does the pilot have to tell you where he's going? We're taking off. We'll be cruising to 35,000 feet and then we'll turn left at Cleveland. Okay, just get there. I'm not knocking on the cockpit door saying I'm going to be eating these peanuts. Not all the peanuts. I'm going to save some for later. That was great when I was like smoking pot and hanging out with my friends. They had some of the jokes in the paper and they were painful to read. They're just old and kind of dated and everything. Maybe we'll have Jerry hang out today and read his material from the papers for everybody. What's with these garbage pails? In the city, $600 for a garbage pail. One of they bulletproof? Yeah, we have to talk about that next actually. Okay, got something for the show. I know it's Monday, but come on guys. If you got something, give us a call. 212-757-1027. And the instant feedback is set up and ready to go too. WNEW.com, click on it and say something to us. Get it instantly. We've got Sting next. Stay there. I'm curious to know what everybody else thought of the Jerry Seinfeld thing on HBO last night. I thought it was kind of dull. If you've got an opinion, you're in your office in front of the computer, email us at WNEW.com. We have our instant feedback. Hit us with that. Very cool. We'll read some of that on the air, right? Yeah. Here's Sting on 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. 1027 WNEW, where Rock lives with InXS, it's Opie and Anthony, and we've got someone upset with us on the phone lines. What? Your comments about Jerry Seinfeld. Yo, what do you got? I'm just a little upset with you guys knocking Jerry Seinfeld. Oh, please. Come on. Come on. Even though it's all about his stuff, you still gotta respect him. But he didn't have to do that. Why did he have to go on tour and do his old stuff? It's like I said, like the miser lady using the tea bag for the 20th time and she's got a million bucks in her mattress. I understand that, but he was doing his show for 10 years and everyone loved that, you know, and then he missed it. All right, then he should've taken a little... Then he leaves his show and he still wants to do his stand-up. People want to see it. No, so to get right new material and then tour that, why did he have to tour this old crap? We all heard it a thousand times. And as a matter of fact, I saw some of those jokes when he did it on the Young Comedians special in 1978. Get outta here. So some of that crap was 20 years old. Get outta here. I'm not kidding. If any other comic did that, they'd be shot. They'd go to comedy prison. You gotta... I mean, why didn't he get off the show, take a break to write some new stuff and then tour that? I don't understand why he had to go around, whoa, what's with these peanuts? Yeah, yeah, yeah. How about that hair in the shower? You can't get it off the wall. You gotta spray it and it moves down a foot at a time. So why do old people live in Florida? It's like the old people go there. Why do they... Do they reach an age where they feel like they can just back their car out of the driveway without looking? But you still appreciate it, right? Um, no. You don't? Actually, no. It was kind of dull last night watching that. Yeah. And plus for the money you had to pay for the tickets, you were expecting something new and different. Come on. I mean, he should've just paid for it. I'll be honest, Jerry Seinfeld was the funniest guy I ever saw live without a doubt. I'll give that to him. That was 20 years ago, you're saying? I saw him 10 years ago and it was the same act from 10 years ago. You're supposed to be this comedian and creative person, you know, open your eyes. You've been in New York for a while now and come up with new stuff. I hear you. Maybe he can't get any new observations. Maybe that's the case. It's held up. It's all on his show. All right, then take a little more time and get the act together and get it polished. That's all we're saying. All right. He can't get those quick witty observations being locked up in the most expensive hotels around the world. And one that is... You know, maybe that just doesn't have it anymore. Maybe that's an option. All right. Never know. All right, fellas. Thanks a lot. All right, fellas. Thanks a lot, guys. Peace. There you go. Sam in New York says the funniest thing about last night's show was when somebody in the crowd hit Jerry with one of those red laser lights real quick. No, they didn't. Yeah, I saw it. It was on his suit and it like went on the side of his head. He was wishing they would've kept it there on his forehead. You know that episode of Seinfeld when George went to the play and some guy kept sticking the laser light back on his forehead? All right. Well, we got some big Floyd on the way. Seven Mary Three. All right. I like people who will, you know, confirm our opinions and discuss them. Sure. That's very cool. If you got something to add to the discussion today, give us a call. All right. 1027 WNEW where rock lives. Bruce Springsteen talking heads and Aerosmith off the Armageddon soundtrack. What kind of love are you on? On the way we got the Stones and Third Eye Blind Next. It's Opie. It's Anthony. Hey. Doing well for a Monday. Jay and Matt have sent us a fax. You guys haven't been fired yet. I think we're getting listeners because people are tuning in every day to see if we're getting fired. We're still here, you think? I think that's a great marketing strategy, actually. I don't see a lot of them. I keep tuning into N.E.W. to find out when Opie and Anthony will be fired. I see a lot of people, especially on the instant feedback, the same names. You know, Rebecca. Rebecca from Jersey. She's hated us since we got here. OK. And she's hating us every day. She hates us every day from three to seven when she's listening. She is tuned in every ding-dong day. Figure that out. All right. All right. I want to say hi to the faithful listeners of the program. We have about 10 of you. And we appreciate the support. Every day we'll gain a few more. Sure. As long as you guys start spreading the word for us, that would be nice. Your brother's on the line. Joe. I was saying that Drew Barrymore is like really hot and he disagrees. Joey. Hey. What's up? Nothing. I rented the wedding singer this weekend. Yeah. And I don't understand the mentality, Opie. You know what it is? You like Drew Barrymore because she's Drew Barrymore. Because personally, she's got a chin like Dudley Do-Right. And she's reaching maximum density. She looks disgusting. I never thought she was nice looking. But truthfully, if you had the choice between Drew Barrymore and Sandy, who would you take? I told Sandy this weekend, Drew, all the way. You got it. You can't be serious. Wait a minute. Drew in Scream. Okay. Yeah. Well, that's the mentality. Drew in Poison Ivy. That was just hot because of what she was doing. That's the mentality. Exactly. And that goes with the fantasy. Drew in ET. I mean, come on. Drew in ET. That was the last time she looked good. All right, Joe. You know the best part of that movie was Steve Buscemi. Yeah, he was. I love Buscemi. He was killer. He was killing. He was the best man, Anthony. He is fun. He's good in everything. He's going, me and my brother. He's talking about how good they picked up in Mexico and stuff. Second only to Anthony plugging your CD at my wedding. Yeah, he did. Oh, geez. Anthony and Joe's and his brother's wedding, Joe, was plugging our CD to MediWare. It's your day. It's your day. I gave the post, but I figured I had to get a shameless plug-in for the CD. How many sales did you get? I think three. I think you owe me some royalties for that. All right, man. See you later, gentlemen. Later. Bye. Too funny. That's true. Yeah. I get so sick of the same toasts that you hear from people, the best men. And it's very close to me. I figured, what the hell? I'll plug our CD. You pulled the CD out of your tux. That was classic. Some weddings, I mean, I've been to plenty, just cringing through the toasts. The drunken business. And we want to wish the happy couple many years of health and love. And shut up. They're drunk. Shut up. It's embarrassing. Come on, let's move on to the chicken dance. Bring on the food. Why does it take three, four, five hours to eat a meal? Why do I have to dance in between courses? I'm hammered here trying to just get some sustenance off of the shrimp cocktail. It's not doing anything to diffuse these Jack and Cope. Too true. Well, we're off to a good start today. We're having fun. Can we guys talk about Jerry's Spring around the way? Yeah. Yeah, a little observation with that. And we've got to talk about the garbage cans a little while. A very important issue here in New York. And Jay Leno wrestling, and Yankee's giving out free tickets today with their blood drive. And this earth, what freaking planet are we on? The big town is the best place in the world to live. Did you see in the paper really fast before we move on here? Yankees have had some great promotions this year. They had the Beanie Baby promotion. Did you see the picture in the Daily News, the real tough, burly construction worker holding his cute little Beanie Baby that he got at the Yankee game? I got a Beanie Baby for my kid, yeah. He's holding the little swan. I don't know the names of these stupid things. I could care less. But there he is in the paper in all his glory holding this tiny little cute little Beanie Baby. Well, the days are getting a little ridiculous too because now they've got to add in. There's so many, such a diversity, such a melting pot here in New York that now everyone's got to have a day. So you get like, you know, Laotian clam day or something. They're handing out things that I don't even know what they are. You go in there, you get like a stick and some twine. It's point-to-by-tie day. What do you use it for? I'm getting it. You know, today they had the blood drive. You go down and you give blood. And you get a free ticket for the game tonight with the twins. That's exactly what you want to do to your fans. Make them nice and weak before they go through the Bronx to a Yankee game. You need all the energy you can get. You need all the energy and strength you can muster up to get from your car to the stadium. You ever see what happens to the weak zebra out on the plains? They're the ones that get it. You'll be singled out as the weakling. They see that. They can sense that. It's like, oh, look at the guy with the cookie in his hand. Let's attack him. He's drinking that little cup of juice. He must be low-acord. Boy, that's just a mess waiting to happen tonight. 55 games over 500 for the Yanks. They're kicking ass. Absolutely amazing. All right, Third Eye Blind next. Stay there. 1027WNEW where Rocklives Stone from Tattoo U and Semi Charm Life from Third Eye Blind. It's Opie and Anthony for you Monday. Have you checked out Springer lately? Now, there's a whole big thing about if they've taken the violence out of it, they haven't taken it out. His producers wanted him to cut down on the violence and fighting on the show. I think week to week it changes. Yeah, so now he's trying to say that the violence is back in, like the fights are back in. They're not. They cut them out. They cut out the best parts. You know what they do? Because I was watching the other day when the fights started on stage, they showed the crowd reacting to the fights. You're like, ah, I want to see the fights. That's what you wanted to see. That's why everyone watched and that's why his ratings were so high. But now they've got a security guy that sits there right between the two people. And if they even get up and start moving towards the guy, they break it up and switch the camera shot to Jerry or something. And it sucks. It's like watching a porno movie with all the smut cut out. I'm not watching Jerry Springer for the interaction between the guests, the snappy humor and wit of these people. You want to see one sister clock another sister over the head with a shoot. Yeah, that's what I tune in for. You know what the most ridiculous part is? If you look in the background of Jerry Springer, there's a bookshelf with books on it. I think they use it as a security angle because they know people won't go near the books. And they're frightened of books. It's like a safety zone. Run to the books. They're petrified. What I don't understand is Jerry Springer, obviously one of the hottest shows on TV now, why do they even have to calm down the fights and stuff? If this is what America wants to see, then so be it. Let it happen. Let it fly. No, because there's 12 people that are very angry at the violence. It's bad. It's bad for the children, Opie. So they have stationery with letterhead on it and they could write to sponsors and producers and they get action. So 12 people decide what we the public should see or hear or watch. Opie, they know what's best for you. I find it comforting that I don't have to make any decisions for myself. I could sit back and let someone else decide what's good for me. It's easier that way. I find it's very relaxing. I don't know what I'm missing so I don't even have the freedom to make that choice anymore. So it's great for me. I've accepted it as a practice that I'm just going to stick to. We're all a bunch of lemmings in this society for the most part. Sheep following the pied piper. And we're all going to just walk into the water. Walk up a cliff or into the river or something. Because one person can say what is good or bad for everyone else. And people listen and people act and react to it. Speaking of Jerry Spring, I love the security people there. Steve, big shaved head guy, Steve. Hey Steve, can you move a little faster? By the time you get on stage that bleached blonde bimbo hit that other girl 10 times in the face. You were 10 feet away from it. They got away. They would get a few in and I'll casually saunter up there and pull off her weave. They make a look at her but they allow them to get a few shots of her before they stop the fight. But because of certain people we don't see that anymore. No. Thank you. Thank you for making the decisions for me and everyone else. We appreciate that. Hopefully someday maybe they'll pretty much say that maybe your job out there is offensive. We'll have to take that away too. Well they did. What the splooge moppers? Yeah. The strip clubs in Manhattan. A small group of people decided that this is not good for our society. Do you think it stops there people? Do you think it stops there that all the people go okay he shut down all the strip clubs in Manhattan. Good. Now it's done. We could sell off our stationery and our little pens and our offices and I don't have any causes anymore. I'm just going to go home. No. Now they got to find something else. There's always something else. They'll always move on to the next thing. That's why you can't let them get one thing. One freedom goes boom domino. The interesting thing with the sex clubs in Manhattan people are going. A lot of people are going. Rent in Times Square is not cheap. That's true. If people weren't going to these establishments they would close down on their own because they wouldn't be able to afford the rent. But you hear the mayor's explanation. It's just the drug dealers and murderers that are upset about this. If you're upset you must want the way Manhattan was and New York was with the drug dealers and murderers. He doesn't think that respectable people occasionally maybe want to go to Scores or Flash Dancers and sit down and have a beer with a few of your friends. If you do that obviously you're running right out and you're going to go into Central Park and rape someone. Don't give them one freedom. They'll take more. They keep grabbing at you. On the way Hooch by that band Everything and Peter Gabriel. Stay there. 1027 WNEW where rock lives. 1027 WNEW the rock and New York brand new band on the music scene from Washington D.C. That's the band Everything and Hooch up there. Supernatural seed eh? Now what's Hooch mean in that song? Have you figured it out yet? Is it a chick? Is it booze? Is it weed? I think it's weed. Actually a guy just called up and he said you guys sound like you smoke pot before your show every afternoon. Smoke pot? A lot of people. I even got one that said you guys sound like you two potheads. Yeah some guy was saying we sound like a couple of potheads. We don't smoke pot anymore. I can't be bothered with it. I remember in school I used to smoke some pot. Yeah. Yeah it kind of made me. Never smoke it through a carrot. Unmotivated. Through a carrot? Yeah. No there was always like a friend though that had some wacky thing. Dude you got to hollow out an apple. Yeah and then you put some tin foil in it for a bowl and poke some holes in it. You'd smoke pot out of an apple. What? The best for smoking pot through a beer can. Yeah. You bend it in half and you put a hole in the middle. Yeah dent that thing. The hell are you thinking? What are you getting bored with? Engineers couldn't think this stuff up and these guys were smoking weed all day. They had to come up with new and innovative ways to smoke dope. Dude you could smoke it out of your faucet. Look you just unscrew your kitchen sink faucet and it's already got the screen in it. Yeah just pack it in and smoke. School was dedicated, my school anyway where I was, to just finding weed. In the morning you'd go in, find your guy and he'd be like you got some joints? Yeah and he'd hand you this Marlboro box and you flip it open and it's full of doobies. And you'd pick like yeah look at this pin, this toothpick, that's a fatty. Let me grab that. How much? The dawn price for weed for a billion years. It's a buck. I got a buck. Dime, nickel, quarter. This is my lunch money but screw it I ate yesterday. And then you smoke the doobie and you're like I wish I had that buck I'm hungry. I could really use one of those big soft pretzels and a coke right now. One of those giant cookies. Yeah. In the cafeteria. Save the roach. You smoke it down until your fingernails are orange. Yeah and then we get burnt. Dude pass it, pass it over here. And then you just have to drop it in the palm of his hand. Yeah no I got it. I got beat up once for throwing a roach away. You always got beat up. Because I thought I was done. Like we could have gotten a few more hits off that. Where'd you throw it? I don't know down over here somewhere. Oh man and they'd be on their hands and knees trying to find the roach. You don't? You could smoke that down and nothing. Same guys that used to smoke it through a Whipple Ball bat just because they thought it was cool. I didn't realize early enough in my life that it was just not, I was totally unmotivated when I smoked wheat and it totally ruined my high school career because I would smoke in the morning and go over to my friend's house and watch cartoons. Lay on the floor and watch cartoons and period after period would go by and I just wasn't there. And then after a while I was like you missed social studies 30 days straight. I said yeah I didn't want to go I hadn't been there in a while. I was going to get in trouble. Why bother after missing five days? Oh let me guess you're up to Greek history. It's history. I can make it up it's happened already I know how it ends. I could read about it later on. I probably won't need it. Yeah. All right very good. But getting back to that no we don't smoke pot. No I'm drug free unfortunately. Life would be a lot funner if I wasn't but. Except you allergy medicine. I don't have an allergy today Anthony. The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW Van Halen coming to town Saturday with Kenny Wayne Shepard to Jones Beach and Sunday at the PNC Art Center. It's Opie it's Anthony. We got a guy on the line that has a comment about the $600 garbage cans at the mayor's pudding all over the city. I think he could spend the money on other things that are much more important. For a garbage can? Ten times more than what he usually spends on garbage cans for the city. That's retarded. And these cans these garbage cans they weigh 220 pounds when they're empty right? Yeah. So no one's going to you know walk away with them. Yeah. Tommy what do you got? Yeah Opie they're looking at these new garbage cans. What you looking to have the whole sanitation department go on compensation? He's looking to save money. 220 pounds because these guys are going to pick these things up. Yeah how are they going to empty them? They won't even pick up a garbage can outside somebody's house that weighs 15 pounds. That's true. And talk about a weapon for the kids in the street. Forget about it. You hit your car with one of those things you're talking like major insurance problems here. Mayor Hitler I mean Giuliani is out of his mind. He's out of his maybe he ought to run for president. We'll see what happens because nobody will sleep with him. Okay guys take care. Alright. Bye bye. That makes a good point right? He got rid of the wrong cans the mayor. He got rid of the nice soft cans in the sex shop he liked to look at. Yeah. And replaces them with $600 big metal cans. My mom's on the line. Want to talk to my mom? Yeah what she want? Mom. Hi. Hi what's up? Why didn't you tell the guy the whole story about Opie? What was the other part? Did she look like Ron Howard when he was low on the series? But who wants to know that? Because now he's losing his hair. When you say Ron Howard now everyone thinks balding middle-aged director. Yeah they don't think about the young Ron Howard anymore. No. You really used to smoke pot through beer cans? I'm sorry to say yeah that's about the truth. It's nice to listen to the radio and find out what my son's been doing. I'm getting fired again. Are you? No. Hey mom. What? So grandma doesn't like the big willy pop bit. Did you hear what she said to me the other day? Yeah she didn't like the part about Chelsea. I'll tell you the truth I don't like that part. Take it out. My 88 year old grandma is begging me not to play that ever again. Oh my god. She didn't do anything wrong. It's not about her. Did you see me leave the house real fast mom? Yeah her and I sat here and stared at each other for four days. You and grandma? Yeah. Stare at each other for four days? Yeah. That's great. Bye. Bye. There you go my mom. Oh my god learning such things that you used to smoke pot out of a coke can. We discussed this last week. I'm glad we're back home in New York but all our families are listening to us. It gets embarrassing at times. I know. When we worked out of town it didn't matter who was listening. We could selectively give them tapes of what we thought was appropriate for them to hear. Now they're hearing about sex ploits and pot and all kinds of stuff. And everything else we did growing up. We've got to play the bit my grandma hates. Oh poor grandma. Grandma if you're listening to the radio turn it down. Turn it off. Turn it off. Turn it off. Alright. Or Aunt Sheila. But she kept me from doing anything. Why are you picking on Sheila? She's just a daughter of him and he's... Aunt Sheila if you're listening just turn it to Rocky's show on another station. T-Rex. Grandma won't know the difference. That show is so boring she won't know the difference. T-Rex you're going to explode. Alright I think Grandma's not listening anymore so check this out. 1027WNEW where Rug lives with Foreigner, the Cars in there and Semisonic. Those guys played Jones Beach this weekend closing time. It's Opie and Anthony. What's up? Do we have time to be childish? Don't we always? Well no. We're pretty mature most of the time. But every once in a while we like to do childish bits and stuff. Alright what do you have? What do you have? Actually I've got to call a library. A library? Yeah. Okay and what would you be calling a library for? I'm just calling the library. I've got to look for some books. Books? Yeah. Okay. Why would we be doing this on the radio? Well you know because no one else has really done it in New York right? Okay a library. Trying to be original here and do our own stuff. No one has called a library before and just ordered books. That's all it is. It sounds captivating and fascinating. Yeah that's all. I'm dialing up. It's actually ringing now. Okay. Alright. It's an innocent bit. 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York R.E.M. coming up with something new in time for the fall. Can't wait to hear what those boys are up to. It's going to be an Anthony. Giants play the Jacksonville Jaguars 7.05 Friday night right here on AEW. If you're tooling around town you can check out the game. Did you catch any of that preseason stuff there? They looked pretty good. It's way too early to tell though. Yeah it is. It's too early for football. It's still hot out. All the main players get in there for I don't know three plays and then they're out. Yes. But you know it's only but surely I'm getting into the football season. It's just so early. Yeah it is. We got to wait for the Yankees to win the World Series and then we could go full you know we could go into the football season. Yeah it's going to be interesting. What do you think? Who do you think the Yankees and Yankees are going to play in the World Series? Who cares? It's too early. Who cares? Mets. Oh stop. No this town would go nuts. Yeah I know but. The Mets half game out for the wild card. Doesn't happen. Yankees 55 games over 500. That is insane. That's crazy. They're playing the Twins tonight at the stadium. They had their little blood drive today. We were talking about this earlier. The Yankees are coming up with some bizarre promotional events. They had Beanie Baby night a couple I don't know a couple days ago. Yeah. And now. Pistol night. I like pistol night. You like the handgun night? The handgun night is pretty cool. It's fun. I used to like going to bat day. What a mess that turned out to be. And ball day where everyone just throws the balls back out to the field. Hey man this ball is cheap. Yeah this isn't a real major league ball. No but today they had the blood drive which is obviously a very good thing. This time of year the city is in desperate need for blood. So you know do your part if you can and give blood. Right. But it was just a weird concept though. They had people stop by the stadium all day long and if you gave blood today you got a ticket for tonight's game. That's what you need is to lose a pint of blood before you have to venture into the Bronx to go to the Yankee game. You got to be sharp when you go to Yankee Stadium. You can't be lumbering and weak. No. You got to be like that sick zebra in the Serengeti. The lions sense it. They know. Well you know what you're laying on the road where your innards ripped out. That's true. They could sense that you're weak. Yes. So. The lion. You need all your energy just to get from the car to the stadium. That's true. You know. Imagine doing it without a pint of blood in you. A pint short. You get a woozy. You get a woozy. A little woozy. I never gave blood. Really? No. I did. It's not fun. I'm a wuss. I'm a wuss. So to be honest. You know cookies and thing of orange juice. I don't like needles and stuff. No. Blood. Take out of me. Blood. I get all woozy. Like oh, I turned white. Oh, I get that same feeling that when you get like hitting the kneecaps. You get that nauseous. Oh, I'm going to puke. That's how I feel when I have blood taken or anything. Well that's too bad. Pee the knee blood this time of year. I know. I feel very bad about that. Yeah, sure you do. But. Alright, hey, we got the most requested song of the day. What was it? Sean Mullins. Oh, I thought you weren't gonna tell me. The guy from Georgia. He sings a song called Lullaby, that's on the way, and we'll do Tom Petty next. 1027WNEW, the rock of New York, Sean Mullins, Lullaby. It's off the CD Soul's Core. We were the first radio station in New York to bring you that one. Two, three, four. As it slowly fades out, it's Opie and Anthony, and time once again for a look at traffic with the Reverend Al Stockton. So if you're on the roadways, listen up. I have been vindicated, no justify grand. No justice, no peace, no justice, no peace. Alright, there he goes, Al Stockton everyone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow, there he goes. Very nice. Alright. He's angry. Great, we're on here. Hey, Matt. That's it? Yeah, our little show is over for a Monday. Went pretty fast. Held it over to the capable hands of Matt. But after the weekend, damn it. Did you see Al in the hallway as you came into the studio? He ran by me so fast, I kinda like spun around. He can't run fast either. And then I got that big belly. Got a side of the head with that medallion. He keeps it under his suit now. Alright, what do you mean weekend, what? Weekend? Yeah, it's all over. Oh, yeah. You know. We just gotta wait for another one. Back from the mall. Should be around in a couple of days. Hopefully. Another four days. Another four days will be another weekend. So, great, the way it works. Okay, great. Great conversation, alright, thanks. This is great. People in their cars really wanna hear this. Say what? Yeah, good, that's good radio. Well then hit a damn button. No, they don't. What are you waiting for? Cause it's more painful this way, to like spread it out a little while. Alright. Alright, Matt, what's going on in your show today? What's going on? Hey, Ben. Well, I don't know. You really don't know? I don't know if we have any big, I know I got great tunes. And I'm prepping for Harvey Danger, who's on Letterman tomorrow night. Yes, he is. So, I gotta get some Harvey on, that's for damn sure. Those guys playing Irving Kloss of tomorrow. Currently, Buffalo. What are you doing over there? I'm just playing the kazoo. I don't care. You two talk, you know what I mean? We could put Earl on the air and mess with him a little while. Oh, he's running on the studio, okay. If anything, if we learn anything today, be nice to Earl this week, because Earl is getting ready for his annual butt-whupping from the Brooklyn Union Gas Boys in Song Fall Wednesday night. Really? This is the one team that just, without a doubt, beats us senseless. Every year? Yeah, like Tiny on the team is the only guy that's like six-four, everybody's bigger. Well, the epileptic speech, you guys, senseless too, a couple weeks back. Isn't that cute when they call big fat people tiny? Isn't that just adorable? Jeez, I never would have thought of that. All right, let's get out of here.