 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York, the Dave Matthews Band Day. I want backup singers for our show, just to stand in the background and go... That would be pretty cool. Yeah, set up three mics and have them dancing. You want backup singers and we can't even get anyone to work on our show. Who are you kidding? That would be great after we just say something, hey, NEW. Saturday night, beginning at 10pm, NEW presents the Dave Matthews Band in concert from the 10 spot. That's something to look forward to this weekend. Hey, our listeners are starting to figure it out here. What? Wow, look at that. All 12 phone lines ringing at one time right now. Nice. Thank you. Thank you very much. We first started coming around the NEW studios. Hello? Hello? Is anyone out there? Yeah, we had to sit in the studio so we could learn this whole system and we looked at the phone lines. Is that broke? Yeah, one person called in four hours. Now we got all 12 lines ringing before we even gave out the phone number. That's a good sign here on the Opie and Anthony show. Thank you, Jesus. We also got to say hi to Jackie, Steph and Laura, the multi-generational group. First Facts of the Day, 212957 W&W is the Facts Line. You see what's going on at Times Square today? I just saw a crowd. What are they doing down there today? Yeah, Sonny and Cher auditions for the Sonny and Cher TV movie. That great thing they're putting together. That's going to be another bomb. What a freak show. Yeah. These people come out. I guess they're all pumped up that they might have a shot. Yeah. Some of these girls, old ladies that came out to meet Cher. Oh my God. They could have been like the Wicked Witch. Really? Had the long hair and that was about it. They got the Paula Jones nose work and they look like Cher. Yeah. And then Sonny, one guy, he looked like Sonny after he hit the tree. I swear to God. If you're going to do a movie about Sonny and Cher and you hear that there's going to be these auditions, don't show up if you look like the old Sonny and Cher. I think they want the young Sonny and Cher. Yeah. We'll age you. The people in charge of the movie, they'll age you. They'll age you over the years. With makeup. Sure. It's pretty impossible to turn a 60-year-old guy going, I got you, babe, into the young Sonny of the 60s and 70s. It was that bad, huh? It was horrible. The one guy that I saw was wearing this big furry outfit like Sonny used to wear the caveman outfit. Sure. And one guy looked like a bum they just pulled off the street. I swear to God. I don't even think he was trying to audition. They just, like a news crew was down there, shoved a mic in his face. You're trying to audition to be Sonny? Do you have some change? We should go down there and audition. Oh, yeah. Why not? We have a better shot than anyone else. Who would you be? I'll be Cher. You got that right. You got me. I didn't say anything. Well, what were you going to do then? There was only two choices. No, I'm going to be Chastity. Yeah, you can do that. Yeah, I can do that. Speaking of Chastity, later on we've got to talk about this revelation in the paper. Eleanor Roosevelt. Yeah? Lesbian. Oh, yeah. Lesbian. Don't you read the history books? It wasn't in the history books. No? No. Well, they got letters or something to prove that she was a lesbian. Yeah, there's a bunch of letters. Yeah, there's a bunch of letters and everything. And horrible? No. Did you ever see a picture of her? Oh, yeah. It's just, I don't know, you just never think Eleanor Roosevelt was doing that. No? No. Okay, we'll get into that a little bit later. All right. And we got the instant feedback set up and ready to go. Between 3 and 7, you can go to the WNOW website and click on the instant feedback that sends your emails right into the studio so we can read them immediately, especially if you got something that we're talking about. A little angle on it, all right? On the way, we've got Van Halen who's coming to the beach tomorrow night. We'll do some Van Halen with David Lee Roth and Green Day is next. Stay there. Hey, let's say hi to the ladies at Nielsen and a fax from Roland coming in. It says, Dear Anus and Mandy, you guys rule, but who will take over the show when you go back to the sixth grade after summer vacation? Very nice. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. 1027 WNEW where Rock lives, Van Halen and Kenny Wayne Shepard playing the beach tomorrow night and the PNC Arts Center on Sunday. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey. Rick is sending me a fax here. What? Get those two idiots off the air, Opie and Anthony. Ha ha. They suck. Ha ha. Oh, ouch, that hurt. Still here. Ha ha. Oh, that one hurt. Boy, I don't think I can go on with the show now. Yeah. I'll just cash it in. Ha ha. Hey, we got a ton of email overnight about the road rage thing we did yesterday. I want to play it one last time before we, you know, put it in the archives for a while. Call it what you want. It's not road rage. I don't think it really was road rage. Basically, it's a look into our commute into the radio station, actually. Me and Anthony taped the last five blocks of the ride in. Anthony was driving. He didn't know I was taping. So in between him cursing out all the other drivers on the road, we were making comments about all the people we saw on the sidewalks. The only people that don't curse at drivers are the people that are being cursed at. That's it. Plain and simple. And that's all I was doing. Okay. But I think the comments in between the cursing is just as enjoyable to listen to as well. So, yeah, you got to, you know, do something while you're driving so you look at the people and you comment. There you go. The first comment that you'll hear on this little tape, you know, live from Anthony's car is when we drove by a correctional facility. Check this out. All the kids going to see daddy. You're rocking out a Friday afternoon with Opie and Anthony on one of two seven WNEW where rock lives. Can you just imagine that old broad mounting that old broad? That is well, two seven WNEW the rock of New York. That's the latest from days of the new and the downtown. Who turned around like that? It's open Anthony. I guess a lot of people have seen the story in the post today. Huge story if you ask me. Mrs. FDR, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Eleanor Roosevelt, lesbian love letters exposed. He words to an ex reporter. They found all these passionate love letters between Eleanor Roosevelt and this reporter, Lorena Hickox. You said Hick. Well, oddly enough, Eleanor in the letters always called her Hick. Yeah, I guess that the second part of the name was something she couldn't swallow. All right. You know, Eleanor's lover there. Yeah, she looks like George Washington. Well, look at Eleanor. She looks like Jimmy Carter. She looks like Jimmy Carter with a wig and her lover looks like George Washington. Oh, and they're doing the nasty bumping walkers. Oh, just think during the height of World War II, FDR's carpet bombing Berlin and she's carpet munching in Washington. Come on. What? FDR was in a wheelchair before the days of Viagra. Probably all frustrated. And there's Eleanor. All found a little jaunt. Here's some excerpts. OK, go ahead. My pictures are nearly all up and I have left you in my sitting room where I could look at you most of my waking hours. I can't kiss you, so I kiss your picture good night and good morning. My dear, if you meet me, may I forget that there are any other reporters present or must I behave? I shall want to hug you to death. I can hardly wait. You see this one? Most clearly, I remember your eyes with a kind of teasing smile in them and that feeling just northeast of the corner of your mouth against my lips. Wow. A whole geriatric lesbian love going on there. Who knew? Who knew? Come on. A little bit of scandal there. Yeah. Where do these letters come from though? I never even heard that rumor. It's going to be in a new book? Oh, these are in George Magazine this month. It's going to be in a new book. More of these letters. It's just from the late 20s to the mid 30s I guess and later actually. She was having a lesbian affair with this reporter. That's just great. I didn't think there was lesbianism back then. Well, they really had to keep it secret. That was right after, you know, because that was a whole time, you didn't think about it. They were still using terms like gay was fun. Remember that in the Flintstones song? We'll have a gay old time. That word sure changed. Sure has. Used to mean happy. Not anymore. No. It means something totally different. Wham, wham, wham, wham, wham, wham, wham, wham, wham, wham, wham. All right. 212-757-1027. If you've got something to add to the program today, the facts are coming in like crazy. We'll put your name on the air. Give us the facts. 212-957-WNEW. We've got the talking heads. And Harvey Danger next. 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York with the Verve. It's Opie and Anthony after the show tonight. Don't forget the Giants take on the Jacksonville Jaguars at 7-05. We'll get going right here on NEW. Do you want to take a complaint call? All right. Well, aren't you, you know, a radio personality and you're also upper management here at NEW? Yes. Okay. I scored that deal. All right. So handle this complaint call for us, all right? NEW complaints. Yeah, hi. I want to complain about these two idiots you have there in drive time. I've been listening to the station since the day it came on the air. I want to work with you, sir. What seems to be your problem with these gentlemen? They just had a woman on the phone who called us to complain about foul language. And they're telling her, and they're telling her, don't worry, you'll keep listening and we'll keep pissing you off. What kind of, what is that? And you don't think that's right for them to put on somebody that wants to voice a legitimate complaint? To put them on the air. Put them on the air like that. A woman that called to complain about... You feel it degrades them. You feel it degrades the caller and makes them seem stupid. It absolutely does. And not only that, I mean, forgetting for a minute about the... Right. Yes. Continue, sir. This station has gone downhill. That's it. Could you tell me what you think of Opie and Anthony? They're stupid. Suck. 27WNEW, the rock of New York, the latest from 7 Marry 3. That's over your shoulder. Opie and Anthony? Hey. Heading toward quitting time and if you're looking for something to do tonight, tonight is WNEW night at Rye Playland. Will we be on hand at this event? Hell no. I don't think we'll be there, sorry. No, I don't think it's safe to leave the NEW studios yet. No, no, not yet. I'm hoping eventually it'll be safe enough to go out there and meet some listeners of NEW. We can bask in the light of day. But with the phone calls we're getting today, no, it's definitely not time yet to get out there and shake some hands and stuff and drink beers with you guys. It goes in phases. Yeah, it does. Today we're having a real bitchy day. And people are just calling and complaining. Yeah, they've had it with us. But if you're heading to Rye Playland tonight, Ken Dashow is going to be there from 8 to 10 tonight. You've got complimentary samples from Ben and Jerry's and plenty of WNEW giveaways. Speaking of complaints, what do you got on the answer feedback? Anything? I've got a question for you. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. We're very upset to hear that. No, I'm sure you're not. Is there anything we can do that maybe can change your mind? Yeah, you can get these morons off the air. You want us to fire them? I'd like you to get them off the air. We'll give them a lesson in humanity. What did they do that seems to have gotten you so agitated, miss? It's just a total lack of disrespect. Lack of disrespect? Yeah, sir. Everything and everybody. I know you'll want them, so it doesn't really matter to me. She's on to me. Oh, wow. Yeah, you're pretty smart. Usually these are a bunch of dopes that call on you. What do you do? I thought Mayor Giuliani was shutting down the whorehouses. No, that's your mother's job, honey, not mine. Oh, hey, look at the mouth on you. See, you're a hypocrite. You're a hypocrite. You talk like that all the time. You just called my mother a whore. Listen to you. You just called me a whore. Hypocrite. You just called me a whore. You need what the hell you are. No, you could be the receptionist at the whorehouse. You could be the squeegee girl. You go in and squeegee the rooms in. You're the splooge mop girl. You're the splooge broad. Splooge broad. All right. Wait, can you say that again? Because we need that for a promo. Go ahead, say it loud. Say it nice and loud. You'll be part of our show. Oh, we're getting some good ones today, huh? All right. You know why you're getting good ones today? Because you really are not deserving of having a radio show. Yeah, obviously. OK. So keep listening. In six months, tell us how much we suck. Bye bye. Bye bye. You're a vulgar woman. You're vulgar. Come on. Let me go. You got one with Opie and that's a thing. You got one with Opie and that's a thing. You got one with Opie and that's a thing. Man, I don't know about you, but I need some smack. One oh two seven WNEW where Rock lives foreigner. It's Opie and it's Anthony. Ha ha. Yeah. Yeah. What's up? It's Friday, Quinn-ing time coming. Who's doing the celebrity traffic today? Is it Reverend Al Sharpton? I believe Reverend Al. Reverend Al today? Yeah. OK. Because Charlton Heston is a little under the weather, so we have to give him a week off, I guess. So throat yelling damn, damn, damn like that all the time. Yes, he can't do that too many rings in a row. For a man of God, he sure says that word a lot. Yes, he does, doesn't he? Teresa in Brooklyn. Got to say hi to her. She gets the point. OK. Thanks. There's a weird thing happening on our show. What's up? There was a weird thing happening on our show. What's up? there's like three groups of people, the people that have been listening for a very long time that just hate our guns and can't wait for us to get fired. OK. And this isn't an age-based thing. No, no, no it's not because then there's a bunch of people that have been listening for a very long time. They got an open mind. They hated us at first and we're starting to grow on them. OK? And then there's a whole assload of brand new listeners coming in by the day. We keep getting homophobic comments all the time. brand new listeners coming in by the day. We keep getting a lot of emails from people going, I just didn't listen to the station. But everyone is fighting it out. I don't know which group is going to win. Will we be fired? Will we be successful in New York? Does anyone care? I like the long time listeners that hate us are the funniest ones. Because man they got opinions. They just don't want to change. That's fine. They want their jukebox back. They want their jukebox back. They've been wearing the same shoes for 30 years and they just don't want those brand new Nike's. There's plenty of people that have been listening a long time that enjoy some change, a little difference, shaking some stuff up a little bit in here in the afternoon. But it's a three way tug of war going on. It's very fascinating because we got this instant feedback in the studio and Anthony will read like four in a row that say you guys are really great. You're livening up my afternoon. And then the next three in a row are you guys suck. You get off my radio and I hope they fire you. When are you leaving? And then you have a few after that saying you know at first I really didn't like you guys at all but you're starting to grow on me. Like mold. Like mold I know but at least we're growing on them. I think this was the bit of the week. What do you got? We're up to that point. I don't know. We had a lot of cool things this week but we got more email on the Donna Summer call than anything else. Lady out of nowhere calling us trying to win Donna Summer tickets. Yeah. Pretty embarrassing. Even N.E.W. isn't that bad. Wrong station. We wouldn't give away Donna Summer tickets. She had the wrong station. She had the wrong station, yes. 1027W N.E.W. where Rockleaf's Queen especially for the Yankees. That's an easy request. 88 wins strong. Eight in a row. Playing the Rangers tonight at the stadium. Mets playing the Diamondbacks tonight at 10.05. It's open Anthony. Who are you? My name is Patricia. Patricia. She came to pick up fan hailing tickets. Yeah I'm a lucky winner. Yeah? Yeah. When are you going? Saturday and Sunday. Both of them. Well Jones and PNC but I'm Jones and what you guys. Cool. With that sexy voice in you. Well thank you. You know let me tell you Opie and Anthony. Let me just breathe okay? Because you are just making my wildest dream come true because this is my desire, my dream, my destiny. And when I put my heart, my mind, my soul to something I get what I want. Alright well we brought her in here today because I want to check out if this camera thing works. Hey you got that filter? Well you know what it is. I have a Sony handy cam. Yeah explain this. And in the news it said that if you have one of these handy cams that have this night spot. It's like a infrared lens on it. That if you put it on a girl or anybody actually. For me it's a girl. You can see through her clothes if you don't use it at night. So I figured you would be a good model. We'll put some lights on you. I'll flip this on and I'll see if I can see you. What are you wearing under there? Under that shirt. Oh yuck. She just lashed. Don't judge me. She just lashed us. Were you in a boating accident? Opie. You're not being very nice. He's got a boat. You're not being very nice. What the hell was that? I'm horrified. Oh my God. Thank you very much. Shut up. Did you guys see that again? No. Oh my God. It wasn't like that. It was quick. It was like an illusion. Yeah it was a big illusion. We need David Copperfield. Wow. Opie you're bitter today. Thank you. It's the first girl we've had in the studio since we've gotten this gig at N.E.W. And you're berating her? I'm going to be a sidekick. I'll be like in the middle of Opie and Anthony. Alright let's see. Stand up in that beam of light right there. Let's see if this works. Or if this is just a bunch of... Can you put a shadow on it? Let's see. Hold it. Hold it. Alright that's with it off. Okay. I'm seeing... Let me see. Hold on. Let's see. Okay I see like there's a little point poking out of the black shirt. Now I'm going to turn it on. Okay turn on the filter. Doesn't work. Well wait a minute. Can you... What do you think Rick? That's off. Yeah that's off. Alright. Yeah right there. We're in the closet. That's off. And that's on. It just kind of lightens everything up. Alright. Get around the light. What are those guys doing outside the studio? I just kind of found them when I was leaving another... Picking up other tickets and I just... They sort of came along for the excitement I guess. Okay great. Alright security. Do we have security here at any W? No. No that didn't work. Okay. Damn. Great. Well thanks for stopping by for your Van Halen tickets. Yeah thanks man. Opie and Anthony? Yeah. You guys are really hot. Yeah. Wow thanks. Thank God there's radio. Thanks. No I say what I mean. I'm telling you. And so do I. Oh wait look who's coming into the studio here. Cybertraffic. Thanks for stopping by. I really appreciate it. Hey everyone it's Al Sharpton traffic. I have been vindicated. No justice, no peace. No justice, no peace. Traffic is a product of a white man. Why should I care if there's traffic on the white stone bridge? My brothers and sisters we must boycott the GWB until they rename it the George Washington Carver Memorial Peanut Bridge. Why do you think the roads are made of blacktop? That's so the white man can symbolically drive over us. White folks right now are clogging up the LIE like my calling at the government G stand. Oh come on Al. They all late for their KKK meeting. All the easy path lanes are moving today. Why? Because the powers that be want us about an easy path to tag us and track us. I am pleased to announce traffic is heavy at the Reverend Al Sharpton toll booth in front of the Palo Theater. Give your change to your pal Reverend Al. When you drive on through slip me a buck or two. Give your buddy out of hand I owe Steve Pagone 65 grand. No justice, no peace. No justice, no peace. Al Sharpton everyone. Yeah yeah yeah. Opie and Anthony. I'm going to have nightmares. Whose idea was that to bring that chicken here? I said I just wanted to see if this damn camera worked with the it's supposed to be x-ray. I haven't seen the night vision on it. I haven't seen a chicken naked in weeks and I have to see that. Does anyone have any mouthwash? I got to get that teeth out of my mouth. Hey I like some bacon with my eggs. Oh my gosh baby I don't like girls anymore. I feel a little lacking in the breast area. Howard gets playboy models and we get skank hoes. What the hell is wrong with us over here? Geez. Hey great fit. Great idea man. Thank you. I just want to see if the camera works. I know. 1027WNEW the Rock of New York. Hit the poster baby. 1027WNEW the Rock of New York. Bad case of loving you Robert Palmer. It's Opie and Anthony. Rigging Sodom and Gomorrah in here today. I love it. Well I finally got that image out of my head. Thank God. Anyway what's going on? Oh tomorrow night Saturday night beginning at 10pm NEW presents the Dave Matthews band and concert from the 10 spot. That's going to be very cool. Something I look forward to this weekend. We got Van Halen at the beach tomorrow night and then at the PNC Arts Center on Sunday. And also what are we doing tonight? Ken Daschow is doing NEW night at Ride Playland tonight. We would love to go. I would love to get out there and meet some of the NEW listeners but we just simply don't think it's safe yet. No not yet. We still got too many people that just hate us. Maybe we could get some type of like armor or something and go out there. A Pope Mobile. Yeah that's what we need. Let's get a Pope Mobile and we'll meet the NEW listeners. Get an armored personnel carrier. That would be cool. Alright but Ken is going to be up there from 8 to 10. He's got complimentary samples from Ben and Jerry's and plenty of NEW giveaways. So go say hi to Ken tonight at Ride Playland alright? Yes. Want to go to the phone and see what's going on today? Alright. NEW what do you got? Not much to listen to. I was just listening to you talk about people loving and hating you so I figured I'd call throw my two cents in if you guys want to hear it. Sure go ahead. I actually I've been listening to NEW forever and I'm probably one of those guys who didn't like you at first but yesterday afternoon you played a tape of that Mom I'm Gay thing. Yeah. Absolutely freaking hysterical. I was dying. That was excellent. So is that the bit that finally won you over? I think so yeah. Hey thanks a lot man. Alright no problem guys. Alright. See you later. That's cool. Maybe we could win over another listener. We got to play that. We have one more play left in that thing don't we? Alright. Our game that we like to play we did this past Mother's Day where we have people call their moms and play the game Hi Mom. Tell them horrible things. Yeah in this case it was Hi Mom I'm Gay. 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York semi-sonic and closing time YouTube before that from the Joshua Tree. It's Hopi and Anthony. You know I want to go on the record and I want to applaud this cop in Yonkers for giving that guy the ticket for not speaking English. Yeah I never knew that was against the law but I guess it is. No commercial vehicle. Now what are the details? This guy was driving a huge truck right? Commercial vehicle. Commercial vehicle. And there is an obscure law that if you're driving a truck that is as big as the one he was driving they ask that you speak English. Right it's just part of it. There's a lot of signs I guess and things that you have to know. You have to be able to speak the language of the land. Yes well this guy is claiming discrimination and all this crap and I just want to applaud the cop for giving this guy the ticket. Simple as that. And I'll tell you why. Because this is America. What is happening to America? I only ask one thing. We have a lot of people coming into the country on a daily basis right? Right the one thing you hear is your ancestors came over here. That's funny but when my ancestors came over here they learned the language. Every time you turn around it's getting harder and harder to communicate in this city. I understand I think that's why no one communicates. Do you realize that the number one radio station in New York is a station that speaks half Spanish and half English? What is that saying for our country? At the same time it's confusing. Pretty much at the same time. In one sentence they'll do half the sentence in Spanish and half in English. Have you tried to get a pack of cigarettes? It's impossible. Have you tried to ask for directions at a gas station? It's impossible. You go to an ATM machine and you have to tell the damn machine what language you speak. I ask one thing. You come into this country just learning the language. It's America. What happened to America? I don't know Al. It just doesn't seem to be catching on. Call me a racist. Call me whatever you want but it's really starting to be annoying. Like I said the number one station in New York is a Spanish station. They had a thing in the paper last week or the week before that they're starting a Spanish news station. Right. The news is going to be completely Spanish. It sort of takes any initiative you might have for learning the language if we just keep placating to this. Our forefathers fought for every inch they could get. Right? Sure. You ever try watching the Yankees lately when the only broadcast they got on is a Spanish broadcast? How frustrating is that? It is. I agree. I am completely serious here. This guy is up in arms because this Yankees cop decided that this guy might be a hazard to the roadways because he's driving this huge vehicle. The law. You've got to read the traffic signs especially if you've got like a five ton truck or something. That's dangerous. You've got to know that you're heading toward a low bridge or something. What does that mean? You see a sign low bridge. Right. This guy is all ticked off. You're in America. This guy is all ticked off. You're in America. You're in America. You're in America. You're in America. You've got to learn the language. I don't want to take your heritage away if you still want to speak Spanish. That's great too. I don't care. But learn the language. I think it's just bad when you see the kids in the store too sometimes and they're just speaking Spanish or whatever language. Don't you think the kids should be able to speak English? Yes. Okay. And learn English? And for the Spanish people driving trucks, I bet you two of them won't be able to speak English. Oh, that's just great. That's what I need to hear. Now that, but you know something? If you were, I said something like that. Oh, you know, I bet two out of five can't even speak English. Oh my God, how could you say that? Right. Well, this world is getting way too politically correct. You know, what if this guy, you know, he's driving a commercial vehicle that weighs about five tons. What if this guy, you know, plowed into a family of five on the highway because he didn't read the sign correctly because he doesn't know that language. Then I think people in this city would understand. Yeah. We got some email on this. I think that's discrimination. I was given my test, my driving test in Spanish. Yeah, what? All right. I'll give it. I'll give him this much. This guy, he's a 61 year old guy that's been driving this truck. He's been in this country since 1984, hasn't learned the language yet. He goes to the department of motor vehicles and because he doesn't speak English, the doesn't send him home and say, you know, why don't you learn the language before you come back? They give them the same exact test in Spanish. Right. The road signs of this country are in English. I like what you're saying. What is he in like third grade? They just going to show him two little symbols and say, Hey, that's a stop sign. Yeah. Yeah, that's what it is. Shapes, shapes and colors. You have to learn shapes and colors now in this country to get your license. Great. Exactly. That's lovely. What is the instant feedback? Say, Randy said, I wish I spoke Spanish. I'd get two more stations on my TV. That's good. Which is true. The other guy says, Hey, United States is a melting pot. You're supposed to melt a little. Guess he means learn the language. And then I believe we're being cursed out in Chinese. Chinese. I can't tell. I don't know where they got this font. It looks like hieroglyphics. Wait a minute. That font's not on my computer. Let me see that. Oh, is that what it says, Anthony? I don't know. I don't read hieroglyphics. All right. But, um, yeah, I don't know. You seem to have made a, made a stink. Well, call me whatever you want. But I think if you're, you're coming over to this country, you know, we don't ask for much really. We really don't. It's just one language. Picture this. If you would picture in your head. You move to France. Okay. You're moving to France. You know, you live in there. Everyone's speaking French. Mm hmm. Except you. Right. What are you going to do? Wouldn't you want to, would you start going, Hey, hey, Frenchie, I'm going to speak English and you're going to hire me and I'm going to work and I'm going to take my test for license or whatever. And you're going to give it to me in English. No, you would, you would probably learn the language because it would be easier that way. Or you can get right back on the Concorde and get back home to America. Right. Simple as that. Right. Yeah. I any W. Yeah. Opi and Andy. Yeah. I agree wholeheartedly with you guys with this guy. He's here 14 years and he can't speak English. 14 years. 14 years he's in this country. He can't speak English. I mean, people from Brooklyn can speak English better than this guy. Think about it. You know, we've got to blame. You got to blame the motor vehicle department. They gave them the test in Spanish. That's it. Yeah. They give a Spanish test. That's it. When my grandfather came here from Italy, they told me that you learn English or you go back home. Right. Everybody's got to learn English. Make it the American language. Yeah. But everyone is too busy wondering if freaking Clinton splooged on that damn draft. I don't understand. Why don't we get some English classes going and screw the Monica and Bill. And as far as the poor Joe. How do you say splooged in Spanish anyway? Does anyone know? El sploojo. El sploojo. That's right. That's what the problem is. Our priorities are all screwed up in this country. And who Jones never. People in English lessons. All right, bro. Okay. Take care of him. Bye bye. Wow. Hey, Phil. I just listened to your show. I'm in fucking traffic on a belt parkway and I agree with you. I want to give that cop a thumbs up on giving that ticket to the guy driving the truck didn't speak English. Yeah. I went to Kentucky Fried Chicken the other day and it's in Long Island and Oceanside and the two women that were there couldn't even get your orders straight because they couldn't speak English. I got nothing against people that don't speak English, but they shouldn't be dealing with directly with the public in a capacity like that when you got to put an order in and they don't understand what you're talking about. They get the order wrong. I think if you're taking orders from people in English, speaking the language would probably be a good idea. It's probably a plus for your job. Right. Yeah. It's got to be. Like you said, you're not prejudiced or anything. We didn't say we're not prejudiced. We said we don't care if someone calls us prejudiced. You're in the United States. You go for a license to drive or even a license to run a business, you should speak the language. Well, motor vehicles have a Spanish test. I know. They do. That goes to show you everyone is so PC and sensitive these days that instead of saying learn English, they said, oh, we'll make a Spanish test. Right. You don't have to learn English. Yeah. And then what you said about your ancestors or whatever coming over to the country. My descendants came from Italy to this country years ago and they didn't speak English, but my father spoke English. They taught him English and all of my other family, second generation spoke English because they knew they needed the language. Of course. Hey, what are we doing here? Survival of the fittest in this country. Come on. Hey, I love your show, man. Thank you. Take care, bye. Bye. Hey, don't forget coming up at seven o'clock, the New York Giants take you on the Jaguars right here on N.E.W. I can't. I'm going to be one of those. I don't know. I'm not. When I was. Los bar goes to the moon though. United States of America. All those who need those. Oh, that's right. Los Estados Unidos. One oh two seven W.A.W. The Rock of New York. That's Fuel and the song is Shimmer. We're practicing our Spanish because we found out recently that the number one station in New York is a Spanish station. Yeah. So we're hoping if maybe we could be bilingual, we'll get more listeners here at N.E.W. I'm going to try my hardest to learn the language. Yes. Or el languageo. We need to learn some good curses in other languages if we're going to continue with our show. Hey, student tune in on Monday when we're on because we're on right after Clinton gives his testimony. Yeah. I don't know if anything will leak. Well, he's going to admit Clinton. He leaked. He's going to admit it. You think? Yep. He's going to admit it. I'm reading here. Clinton might say they don't know what he's going to say that his previous denial under on a definition of sex could be because certain areas don't mean sex to him, including oral sex. So what they're saying is he was under oath saying he didn't have sex with her. Yeah. And he got on TV. I did not have sex with that woman. Yeah. Monica Lewinsky. Well, his definition is so now he might go in there and say that he said that because oh, oh, sex. Oh, it doesn't include sploogen on a dress. And they're not going to be able to do anything about that. And then he'll walk away. And you ladies out there, you ladies, you love this guy. You love them six and a half years ago. You love them. How old was Monica when that happened? What is she now? 25? Yeah. Or is it like 20, 21, whatever. So here he is, the guy in his late 40s. There's a 21 year old intern and he's getting oral favors in the White House. And the women love him. Yeah. But if that was, let's say, say it's a teacher or something or, you know, a boss at a regular job somewhere. Oh, my God, there'd be an outcry. Get rid of this guy. Regardless. And that isn't even an issue of if he said anything under oath or this or that. That would just be ethics. Yeah. It's ethically wrong. Yeah. And he's using her for sex. He's going to get away with this one, too. You watch. Sure he will. You watch. He'll admit it. I will go on record here. He's going to admit it Monday. I was going to say his definition is different and that he did not lie, but he did have, you know, well, he had oral sex with Monica or he got oral sex with Monica, I should say. Priced dress containing the patch of presidential porridge. All right. All right. It's time for our only sponsor to the Opie and Anthony show. Oh, been on the air two months and we got one new sponsor. Great. Here it is. One oh two seven WNEW where rock lives with the who. It's Opie and Anthony. We got to step aside here because the Giants are coming our way in just a bit here. One of the Jaguars tonight and you can listen to it right here on N.E.W. We'll be on the radio again Monday at three. Thanks to our faithful listeners for tuning us in. Yeah. We really, really appreciate it, guys. Seriously. Today got a little brutal there, huh? Yeah, that's why I gave some people some hell back today. Oh, I thought we were able to defend ourselves a little bit better today. Well, I'm feeling a little more comfortable because we have people that are on our side now a little bit, a little bit. You know, they're starting to come out of the woodwork. Not many, but they're coming around and they're starting to tell people about the show and hopefully we could build something here. So it's a little more comfortable when these people call up and they don't have an open mind and they don't want change and they start giving us hell to turn around and go, you know something? F you. Very good. You want to end the show on the light note here? No. All right. OK, well, we've been getting a lot of, you know, people emailing and they're requesting bits left and right and we're going to break one out from about a month ago, actually. We've had a bunch of requests for this and we'll give it to you now. The time the lady called up and complained because we used the word pussy. The wrong way. And in the middle of the call, like she's still on the line as we're trying to go back alive on the radio and stuff. And it was yelling. It was pretty entertaining. This will lighten the load. All right. All right. Stay tuned for the Giants. But here's the call. Hi, NW.