 You're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass, you're obviously a stud. The Opie and Anthony Show. It makes me sick. 1027 WNEW. Hi, WNEW. Talking about cocks, cocktails or whatever. You know what I'm saying? Hello? Excuse me. Yeah, what can I do for you? Yeah, what you could do for me is turn that crap off. I have kids here in the house. You started drinking a little early this Friday, man. Listen, buddy. What I do in my house is I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. I drink a little bit of water. Oh, make fun of me, don't you? Make fun of me. I would have sent my girlfriend down there to kick her ass. What are you thinking of? You're a mess. I hate you. C-O-P in Ampanisha. 4-2-3-4. Boo boo boo. Or stupidity on the way. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. Or stupidity on the way. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. That's going to be trouble. We just received a Ph.D. in stupidity. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. 1-0-2-7-E. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. No. I got a Crane. Somebody got La Elizabeth on the beats drive that throne. Put your car on the last one. Come on, put your cage on. Hey, he's gonna go like this. For God's sake. You ain't carrying no HP fans in the South. You can cover the entire thing by yourself. You touchedles a lot. This music looks really feisty. And likeirring music I wouldn't as easily put when I first saw it. Now inuff. And I love my fight developed by Indu bueno. It's a 2. 2. 2. 2. Two donkeys in a fight. One on the represent. One on the represent. me please. I'm like no. No, no, no, don't think that. No, no, someone you haven't hurt need rescue. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I love don't make me get in a Bronco. Now what is he doing? Does he call 911 back? Oh no, 911 calls his home I believe. I guess they were disconnected or something and then 911 usually calls back. Okay, so here's the Hello, O. J. House. Hopefully, hello. This is the deuce. Now what happened? I don't know. You hear O. J. Going, I want you to call the police. I had a hitter over the head with the phone receiver. Disconnect. I like them. Okay, no, no, she left and I don't know what to do about it. Man, she's frustrated. She just got faced with a rare. I got low by a gun arrested for having 15 keys and cocaine. This girl spent the last two days to a drug with him. Man, a plan just came over to say you're going into a rehab. She's got managed. Just got her car. She drives a Mercedes. You listen to her. She lives in the car seats. Now she is loaded out of her mind. Give her Mustang driving around town. What other doors? License number, but you need to be stopped. What part of the Mustang is white? Bronco. He's a white girl. Okay, thank you. I got to go into the right. Okay, that's all I did. A white girl. This is gotta be a comedy routine. I believe our cowlings diving. Okay, it's okay. Putting out a prank call. The best. Oh, I call 911 around the country. Get my 911 comedy tape. Oh, jay calls 911 911 911 operator. Yes, it is. Now, my mom, what's your emergency? Hello, do you have Prince Albert? Uh, what do you mean? Do you have to tell me? Uh, yes, we do. Well, you better let him out before he suffocates. That's the old, just in 911 comedy tape. Only yours now. Yes. Do you have 10 pound balls? Uh, yes, we do. You'll get the best of all. Jason. I gotta go now. I gotta find out. He's all concerned. Man, is he bored? Huh? I was hoping he would do the famous blood plug up. Hello, 911. Yes, I'm looking for Michael Hunt. He goes by the name of Mike. Uh, I'm not alone with your favorite murderer. Oh, not a lot. Yes, but, but, but, but, but what are you looking for? Don't make me cut your throat. Mother. Yeah. Does does OJ do any like character voices on his prank? Call tape kind of like the jerky voices. I'll come down there with my two box. I'm bashing him with a ratchet. I'm OJ. A piece of foam rubber. I'm gonna fly to Chicago. Oh, man. That's the OJ Simpson 911. All yours now. Freaking OJ. He's back. I like. Thank God. It's beyond Moronic. Bye bye bye bye. 1027. California golden hook my girl. She had the worst look in the world I was only cleaning my knife I accidentally stabbed her 36 times And gone with electric shock for a day Cooked my behind like that cherry plum bay And gone with electric shock for a day Cooked my behind Looks like I'm a guilty man Love got to win Now I'm gonna have to love my hand But what's worse will make me flip my lid I hear Michael Jackson is watching my kid I know they cut me some slack But I'm an athlete, moving, starting, I'm black My snorkels are due over my head My baby warming up that electrical chair And gone with electric shock for a day Cooked my behind like that flounder fillet And gone with electric shock for a day Cooked my back like that Gone with electric shock for a day 1027 WNEW They would know how much before yesterday we looked up to The Rock Kind of liked The Rock, yeah Even though we're in our 30s, he's like a superhero in our eyes You know, we really, really enjoyed Very entertaining to watch, you know, what he did for the WWF And you know, we admired the guy and all that And then just to have what happened yesterday to us That's what my brother felt worse about than anything that actually went on on the show Oh yeah, yeah, that was a little rough yesterday It was kind of like seeing Superman without his cape and no one wants to see that ever I don't know, you know, after mulling it over for a night, thinking about it It kind of pisses me off a little bit But without a doubt, I've lost all respect for The Rock And I could care less what he does in the WWF from this moment on Yeah, it's like, I don't know, I don't think that was necessary I think he could have gotten more of his facts straight I think he made up his mind and walked without really knowing what the real deal was Right You know? Well, I guess we're going to play the uncomfortable part of the interview Oh no Just because, I mean, the response on it is just unbelievable We're going to do it a little later though because Lewis Black is coming in here at 3.30 Oh no But later on in the show, we'll definitely rehash the whole thing But you know what? I mean, my blood today is absolutely boiling It really is because, you know, we were blindsided I swear to you and I said it right to his face, man to man I had no freaking idea what he was saying And that is the God's honest truth And he was expecting us to, you know, just trash Sickboy in front of his face We didn't have any of the facts at the time or anything Let me tell you something about my side of this whole thing I visit Sickboy's site a lot, the X Wrestling And I've seen what's on the site You know what it is? It's satire, it's comedic writing, it's funny, it's not And it is really politically incorrect I mean, talk about goofing on everybody, I mean everything You could go there and see the writers on that site goofing on gays, Jews, blacks, everybody, Italians Doesn't matter, that's what that site is about Now on the other hand, like he said or asked, no we don't have anything to do with the site I enjoy going there like I enjoy going to thousands of websites But I don't think he understands that that's what that site is about And we didn't have anything to do with it, but that doesn't even matter at this point Sickboy is a guest on our show, as was The Rock, as was Jeffrey Ross that day You know, we don't screen our guests to see who they're either affiliated with or what businesses they own or anything They come on our show, if they do good radio, if we like them, they will return, that's it And I did some research on Jeffrey Ross I didn't know he was a kid toucher Oh my God You know, if I knew he was a kid toucher, we wouldn't have had a guest today Oh my God, that is absolutely false, I don't even know what you're talking about Jeffrey, I'm just kidding My God Just kidding, Mr. Ross But yeah, Sickboy, guest on our show It's like a bunch of other guests that we've had in the past Right That's all Right No biggie Rock He didn't have to freak out like that, I understand it's a touchy issue with him And I don't care how blown up he is and how big he is, because he is absolutely huge Not today, because he's not here Well, no, no, but he truly, in my eyes, he's not even a man, and I'll tell you why Because after the segment was over, and we went into commercials And I told him what I knew about the situation and explained his point of view Any other man would at least stick around and maybe discuss it for five minutes, maybe You know what I'm saying? But what did this big, huge mother effer do? He just turns around and walks right out Without even giving us a chance to discuss this further I'm not going to lay into him because I don't give a crap, man You know what? I am so freaking pissed today Let me tell you why Why? Because it seems like you're being a pussy if you talk like that when he's not sitting here So I'm not going to do that No I'll give him the forum to come back today, Anthony, he's in the area, okay? It proves him not a pussy If the Rock wants to come in today and we'll discuss this further, fine That proves him not a pussy, I know he's still in town, he's doing another book signing tomorrow Or today, I don't know Cool So if he wants to call in, that's great too, but he's not even a man in my eyes Because he wouldn't discuss it further after we left the radio show After the commercials, they all just ran out of here They did just point out That is what I am pissed off about And if he really wants to get on this racism soapbox of his, okay? Why doesn't he look within the company he works for? And by saying that, I am totally for what the WWF does Right I don't know if he's really concerned about the company, but if he really is that concerned He makes a pretty good living from a company that exploits stereotypes, let's face it Sure And I have no problem with that No problem whatsoever It's entertaining We exploit stereotypes on this radio show It's funny It is funny Like it's funny when you watch it on WWF and you see the Godfather come out Pimpin' hoes and smokin' weed You know, I mean come on, that's not a stereotype I hear on The Rock's website he has a whole section on trailer park trash Yeah Some people would find that very offensive, Rock Right I don't know But I swear to God I am so freaking pissed today And right after the show, one of the representatives from the WWF left me a voicemail And I called her right back And I was still like what the hell, I'll discuss this, you know Yeah But I don't even want to discuss it anymore But I got her on the phone and she goes, we heard the rest of the show after we left And we're not pleased whatsoever Not pleased whatsoever And then she was convinced that we like controlled the phone calls and just made, you know So the people that were on would agree with what we were saying That's not what we did whatsoever There were plenty of calls of people that say, you know, we acted wrong or we looked stupid Or, you know, we were the A-holes We put those through too What do you think, we censor the calls? No And it's too bad because we do have a good relationship with the WWF But I could care less about The Rock now Yeah Hmm What? Ah Steve from the Unofficial website who was in the studio yesterday Steve, what's going on? What's up fellas? Hey I liked your posting on the Unofficial website today about this whole thing Yeah, you know, I got home last night, talked to Six for a couple minutes And needless to say he was a little shocked, you know, still about the whole thing I know he hung with you guys for a while Personally, I went out afterward and got drunk Ha ha ha I went home and went right for the wine Yeah Big bottle of red Yeah, that was a little stressful to be perfectly honest But you know something in retrospect? Um That guy, had he known about it, which it certainly sounds like he did He should have said something Yeah, obviously He should have said something to you guys about it And he didn't handle himself very well And any amount of apologizing wasn't going to change his mind And that's what sucked about it Well, that's fine then, why don't we discuss it off air? Why don't you, why don't you be a man and call us today? Yeah, exactly I told him the truth, I had no freaking idea about this I mean he lumbered out of there like a 280 pound crybaby I mean, for lack of a better analogy, but Corky Rock Yeah, exactly And how many racial stereotypes has this guy used in his wrestling matches? Personally, I don't know, I'm not a huge Well, I mean, I could give you all sorts of info on that, but it's whatever I mean, if he really wants to get into this issue, he should look right where he's working Yeah, exactly You know why he never will though? Why? Because he makes way too much money Oh, exactly, I mean it's political to a very large extent And then he can look like he cares about those issues by bashing some guy's website or a radio show Of course, of course, and you know the fact that he made some blind assessment about the whole situation Hadn't seen the post himself, you know, he was going by what people told him Now, you know, and I'm sure there were racially insensitive things that were said on it You know, because that's what Sick said after looking at it But he erased it immediately The fact that he persisted in having a temper tantrum about it after he was apologized to up and down You know what? Sick Boy shouldn't even have to erase it What happened to freedom of speech in this country? Yeah, slowly diminishing Especially on the Internet, you may not like what you read, that's fine I always thought the Internet might, you know, earlier in the early days of the Internet Back in the early to mid 90s, you know, I thought that would end up being like the last bastion of free speech You know what I mean? Like, because you'd go on there and just, man, it didn't matter Sometimes you'd punch up something, read it and just be offended yourself But just the fact that it was there, I mean it's an open forum It shouldn't be controlled, it's First Amendment, man That lasted for all of five minutes and then someone figured out they could make some money Suing somebody, complaining about it, and making a couple thousand lawyers rich And you know, you do anything successful on the Internet and you're going to get fleeced It's ridiculous It really is And the fact that he even had to, I mean, removing stuff from websites because some people find it offensive I mean, what's next? For Christ's sake And then like guilty by, I hate this guilty by association So now, okay, obviously you have a problem with what Sickboy did So now you instantly hate us because he's in the studio? Wait, not Sickboy, no, a writer on his site It wasn't even Sickboy who posted that All right, so it's a writer on Sickboy's site So then immediately somehow he should hate us as well Right, exactly, well, whatever That makes a lot of sense Why don't you start doing some background checks on all the people that are around you, Rock You might be very surprised Well, you know, again, he had all of the previous evening to be briefed about this And didn't do any more research other than whatever information they gave him You know, and then just walked in here and didn't mention it beforehand until he was introduced to Sick, you know Right And that wasn't cool Right That wasn't cool and he didn't handle himself very well, poor form on his part Well, you know, if you didn't want to get into it on the air, well, you know, we did go right to commercials Yeah And then even looked at him like, you know, like, hey I was like, hey, you know, I wanted to see if he was going to shake my hand or something But he just turned around and walked out He just gave me that look and turned around and walked out It's like, man, you know, and that kind of pisses me off because, you know, what, you're looking at me like Sorry, I cursed Looking at me like a Mr. F in KKK or something Yeah, I know You know, that pisses me off It was a temper tantrum It was a temper tantrum, you know, however you want to look at it But, you know, it's, you know, you broke my toys I don't want to play with you anymore Yeah You know, and that's childish That's childish and it's a shame it had to happen live And that the guy couldn't handle himself a little bit better Well, I don't mind that it happened live It was interesting radio to say the least I mean, no one turned off the radio yesterday I'm quite sure that's the case I don't enjoy being in those situations But it makes for a good listen when you're in your car No, that was definitely the most awkward silence I have ever been a part of Yeah, and then you're trying to think as quick as possible to come up with, you know, something Yeah, exactly But I was just so shocked because this came out of left field I mean, my famous line, what happened? I thought we were all just having fun here Exactly And then poof You know, you're total deer in the headlights Right Oh my God, I just got hit Right, and I had nothing to do with it You were on the Opie and Anthony show You weren't on the Sick Boys show You weren't on a wrestling site show You know what I mean? You were on our show And God damn it, we had nothing to do with it And that's what sucks about the whole situation Is that the guy didn't want to listen Right The guy didn't want to be apologized to He wanted to have his temper tantrum and... I looked at him right in the eye and said, dude, I had no freaking idea No idea So... Didn't seem that there was much getting through to this guy But a good posting on your unofficial website about it, very good, Steve And the truth of the matter is, even if we did have an idea of what was on that site It still doesn't matter Right It still doesn't matter No, it doesn't Because you read something offensive on a website Then you're responsible for it Or you should have to be held accountable for it Please Well, I mean, unfortunately there is some degree of responsibility one must take When you go into this thing I mean, understandably, Sick didn't write it But, you know, it's like if one of the writers on the unofficial site And they're all great guys You know, Frank, Joe, Josh If one of them all of a sudden started spewing forth racial, you know Racially incentive remarks People are going to start looking at me And asking me, why the F are you letting this guy write for this site? And then he wanted us to pretty much sell Sickboy down the river We're not going to do that We're not going to do that to anyone that helps out our radio show Especially before we get all the facts and look into it If you've been to the site, it is satire It is politically incorrect satire and commentary on wrestling And other stuff that goes on in the world And on the top of that very post The guy even wrote, the author even wrote This is a mock, this is not real This is not to be taken seriously by whoever's reading it Was it distasteful? Yeah Was it politically incorrect? Yeah I mean, but you know something? So what? It was a little comedic thing that he threw together And why can't you put racial stereotypes in comedy And not be lambasted for it? If The Rock doesn't agree with it, fine He doesn't have to read it But then what's he going to just disassociate himself with anyone who's even read the site? Well, it's ridiculous I didn't even read the site Hope didn't even read it That's what blows me away He has every right to be pissed off But he's attacking the wrong people, first of all He walked off our show It's interesting, when you look at racial stereotypes And some comics do get away with it, some comics don't Yeah The ones that do that Apollo theater show Oh yeah Let's make it clear, I mean we stereotype on the show, definitely Oh hell yeah Because that's a part of comedy It has been for many, many years So wasn't The Rock part of the nation of domination? Remember that? I remember that, he had that And the guy that is the Godfather now was in there And D-Lo And they were, it was like a white, hating, black supremacist group Why is it okay in that regard? Yeah, I mean Rock was part of that He had gotten into battle with DX And they all got in blackface Went into the ring And started imitating the nation of domination In blackface Doing like stereotypical black lingo And walking and talking The Rock was drawing a paycheck on that So I guess he didn't, that didn't upset him that much The more I think about it, the more hypocritical this guy seems Yeah, with like 24 hours or so to mull this over It's like, my man, it's leaving a bad taste in my mouth Exactly, well at the time you're stunned You feel like you just got hit upside the head with a baseball bat It's hard to think of all this stuff And you know what, we don't want to sound like pussies today I'm going to say it again, if the Rock wants to discuss this further, we're here I'll do it face to face, I don't care It's a very smart thing to say No, it's the truth though, and he's still in the area It's not like he had to fly anywhere else He's doing another book signing somewhere today, I know where But I'm not going to give him any more publicity Screw him, he's not a man He didn't want to discuss this off mic, screw you Jackass, man to man, I told you I had no freaking clue And like a baby you had to walk off the show Well look, if you want the full story, check out the little snippet I wrote on the FoundryMusic.com site If we have time, we're definitely going to replay the uncomfortable moment from yesterday If you do, I'll call sick and try to make sure he's not listening Honestly, Rick was listening to it in the office, I couldn't even listen I was like turn it off, he kind of made us look kind of stupid It's just uncomfortable, it's awkward silence It's a lot of people going uh, um, uh Well you're trying to get your thoughts together as the mics are on And then you're blindsided like that And then you quickly realize you can't say anything This guy's not going to listen to anything Right, exactly What were you going to do about it? Nothing Well thank you Steve Not a problem Alright Talk to you soon You got it Bye How pompous Huh? How pompous too Why don't we walk in here? What do people think? He thinks people want to hear Dwayne Johnson? They want to hear The Rock Dave What's up Bowen A? How are you? I think I came to the conclusion why The Rock kind of flipped out on you guys Yeah Well, because I taped it for my friend And I kind of went back to it and I listened to it And you know when Sick Boy asked that question For The Rock and The Rock said before I answered that I got some questions about your website And all you guys were like You know, oh no, you know, kind of like saying like, you know Oh no, he's in trouble now kind of thing Yeah Well just because we Yeah But we had no idea who was bringing up that You know what, like if I was The Rock I'd probably think to myself I'd go, oh they probably know what's on the site because they're saying that And they're probably thinking, oh yeah, these guys are in it too It was more than them, you know We know Sick Boy has an edge to them That's all I was thinking when we had that reaction Why, I still think it's kind of Dick on The Rock's side Yeah He's a hypocrite Alright man Okay man, thanks Dave You guys are great Alright, later Bye James, what's going on? Hey, open air, Jamie the bus driver, listen man I was dying to get in last night to call, it was too late And this has been on my mind, just as it's been on yours And I'm not even part of the show First of all, I want to say I'm not a racist I'm an Italian guy, I'm married to a Puerto Rican, we have kids Okay, but The Rock was way off, number one I mean he said no way of laying into you guys by any way, shape or form That's number one Number two, this is not a political forum show You know what I'm saying? It's a comedy show And whatever stuff that's written on that page Like you said, you kind of stole my thunder about the satire and stuff like that It's satire, it's all as a joke And it pissed me off to listen to him get all twisted I bet you he laughed his ass off While Chris Rock was calling the Backstreet Boys crackers with attitude You know what I'm saying? Or whenever he listened to Richard Pryor or Eddie Murphy joke about Asian people Or watching The Godfather do one of his skits Yeah, there you go Come on, let's face it There's no way, you know, there's no way he could have took that stance He had other issues, that dude By him taking it out on you guys was wrong I got a little bone to pick though It seemed like you guys did a little bit of backpedaling I mean you should have stood I thought maybe you should have stood a little bit more and said Yo dude, we didn't read the site, we didn't know where we were on it But it's a joke James, you'll hear for yourself We didn't backpedal I think what you hear I didn't, you know I mean When you hear the tape again maybe later on if we have time What I'm hearing is that we were just in complete shock It was an ambush, no doubt You know, it was definitely an ambush Because we were really having a good time with it Yeah, I know, I was enjoying it And I was on the road enjoying it You know, we were hoping he was going to be more of the rock Because honestly, I mean he has really nothing to say as Dwayne Johnson Yeah, I agree What the hell is he going to say as Dwayne Johnson? I agree Yo guys, I'm in defense of you all the way You've got a great show, it's a funny show And people listening from WWF If you're listening in It's a comedy show people, wake up Thank you, James Okay Alright, bye One more and we'll take a break here John, what do you have? Hey guys, how are you doing? Alright Alright, listen I've been listening to you guys since August of 1998 I love you You're my favorite Thank you But I also love The Rock And yesterday really sucked Smackdown, by the way, last night was excellent The Rock, I think that was The Rock's best performance ever But you know what? You guys rule over him Didn't even watch last night No desire I had to, I just had to see how it was But I love you guys Screw him, you don't need him Alright John You guys rule Thank you Bye Alright, we've got to take a quick break here Alright One of the writers from XWrestling.com is on the line Oh yeah, I've seen this guy's post show All the writers are checking in, they're really pissed too Alright, stay there It's the Opie and Anthony Show 1027 WNEW, it's FU Friday We do have lots of things to get to today So don't fret Yes indeed Starting with Lewis Black coming in at around 4 o'clock Anthony Yeah Very funny guy Good friend of the show Love Lewis He loves satire, he understands it His name is Louis Black He's a great guy He's a great guy He loves satire, he understands it He's a cook Also some girl that wants to get naked for Lewis Black and us Yeah, where did she come from? I forgot We'll get into it though The same website I think Lou Besson or something like that We'll get the plugs when they all get their asses in the studio, okay? Let's go right back to the phones if you have anything for the show 212-757-1027 Jim you're next, what's up? Hey what's up guys, hang on Real good I think I sold out the river this morning On another morning show What do you mean? The Rock did an interview on, did I mention the station? Yeah I don't care On TLJ And they were asking him about what gets to him Like what annoys him about people in society and his role and everything And he pretty much had racial issues And then had a big 5 minute dissertation on how yesterday he was forced to walk out of an interview Before he did something he would have regretted He would have regretted Wow he was like ready to throw some punches That's the way he made it sound Great We were sitting here at work and laughing at it because we knew what happened yesterday with you guys And then hearing him this morning it's like, talk about Two-Face Did Scott and Todd have the balls to mention our names because they do listen to us every day? Not at all, they didn't say anything but you could tell they knew who they were talking to Of course they knew, everyone was listening to it yesterday Bunch of pussies He had to walk out Yep, before he did something he regretted That's good Now I can see where the rage problem is Yeah really They say he has a rage problem, well that's obvious Good to figure that out huh? Must be a treat Alright Thanks guys, you're the best Thanks Jim Bye Feeling fat Who's this? Hey this is Rev Toby, I'm a writer for X Wrestling.com What's this? I've seen some of your posts First I want to thank you guys for supporting the site And supporting Sickboy because I'm sure this has gotten you a lot of bad PR That's okay, we're used to that And I mean it's just ridiculous I think I read somewhere that this is in the first chapter of his book He mentioned that he's all against racism and everything like that I think this is kind of like a PR move Oh you think? Well I mean it's like, if he knew about this He should have mentioned it before he came in the studio Or when he was you know like working it out to come in Well if he would have looked at the post that he said he did look at And he would have saw like it was a mock interview with Opie and Anthony He could have yes asked us about it beforehand Right, I mean it's just that he brought it up I think he needed to get his little 50 minute plug in first Exactly yeah, and I mean like this gives him great PR for his book Which by the way the critics hate Because it wasn't written by him, it was written by a ghostwriter But that's another story Yeah I mean The Rock doesn't have time to write Yeah I mean I'm too busy freeing the world from racism Also I mean you know like Sickboy gives us free enterprise to write what we want Well it's the internet Yeah I mean it's not regulated like that You guys should have free enterprise You know I may not agree with everything I read on the internet But you guys should have the right to write whatever the hell you want Write what you want man Before they regulate that crap too And you know something the Rock has a right to read it, be offended And not want to speak to Sickboy That's fine too He has the right to that and we have the right to post whatever we want as well This is written by a guy in California who I've never met, who Sickboy's never met And you know it's The really strange thing was I was talking to him on AOL while this whole thing was happening He's like how's the interview going? And I'm like well It just took a turn Yeah and then he's like what happened, what happened? And I'm like well you know the Rock got all pissed off and he's like why? And I'm like well because of your article dude and he's like oh my gosh And you know I can't believe that and everything And Sickboy came back and he was actually contemplating closing the site In fact this is still you know under debate Right And they're not like we should close the site Now that would be silly Yeah I know I'm trying to We're all trying again to you know reconsider that And we've gotten tons of support email Cool It's all flowing in so hopefully everything will be okay And hey we got more hits yesterday than we ever got I bet I mean no good publicity you know All right Well thank you Sure no problem Oh it is man Dave what's going on? Hey Dave Yeah what's up How are you? Pretty good man Good This is like the biggest story on the internet right now Like this guy Dave Meltzer he's even reporting that it's part of an angle That you guys took place in So that's ridiculous man oh my gosh That everyone should be skeptical that you guys are That the WWF is trying to play off the John Rocker comments And have the Rock do something like that Well I you know what I have to say this We had no idea this was going to happen And you can believe that or not but we had no clue No freaking clue Yeah and like going off what Ben told us And you mentioned John Rocker Let me tell you something about John Rocker You know what I was kind of offended by everything he said okay Or most of the stuff that he said all right And it makes me want to take a D cell to his head next time he's at Shea Without a doubt but you know what He has the right to say those things Exactly People are so willing to give up their rights to free speech in this country It amazes me they go oh he should be fired He has to go to a psychiatrist good That guy's a nut what's he saying All of a sudden you're throwing away your rights to free speech You're throwing them away Someday someone might not like what you're saying Think you should go to a shrink And you know I hate John Rocker Hate him, hate him, hate him, hate him, hate him, hate him But if I was him I would say I'm not going to get that psychosis No I'm not going to a shrink You don't want me pitching in your league Oh well but I'm not going to a shrink And John Rocker is actually an employee of Turner which owns WCW So you know they're racist too so there you go But just like Everyone's a bunch of hypocrites Yep Everybody Hypocrisy all over this damn country of ours I like everything being available to adults in this country That's it I'm saying like everything It should be on the internet The internet should not be regulated whatsoever Anything should be able to be printed out When they say oh you shouldn't have racial comments Or this website's got to be shut down because it's against this group or that one Or you shouldn't even have plans for friggin' nuclear weapons I don't care Everything If it's out there it should be available to everybody Yeah that's why I even told Sikie he shouldn't shut down the site I told him we can even get a slogan out of it by saying X-Rest wants to cite the rock reads You know just like maybe stick it to them Cite the rock reads You guys should even put the posting back up I swear to God just put it back up Yeah exactly Alright thanks a lot guys I mean personally I've seen funnier stuff from that site It was kind of stupid but you guys have the right to type that I gotta tell you that McBeth man he's one funny son of a bitch Yeah that guy who wrote the post I was talking to him as well when it was going down Right He didn't even care that he was getting in trouble He was just making sure that you guys were alright Like he didn't want anything bad to happen to you guys This is on the trouble meter for the Opie and Anthony show This doesn't even like raise the yellow light yet Nothing Believe me we've been in much bigger trouble than this Alright Dave Alright thanks a lot guys Thank you Bye Dennis you're next what's going on? Hey guys I think you guys were being totally duped by the rock I think what he did was he knew his time was almost up for the interview What better way to get him to get people to still talk about him after he's gone Create some controversy And this is what he talked about with his publicist for two hours the night before And that's why he dropped the bomb on you guys near the end of the interview It was eight minutes to six when he did it Because I looked at the clock Because I think the world stopped at that time once he blew that up And I was thinking well you know what his publicist is really shrewd Because it's the perfect time to do it Well you know if that's what they planned it works brilliant Congratulations Great job at our expense Great job Well you know what the good thing is I think most of us listeners are more educated than the rock himself So we know better He's not a man Alright guys you guys are great keep it up Bye Alright He's not a man Any man would have discussed it further after we went off the air Rob what's up What's going on guys Alright I just got to say above all else I mean you know what the rock did is just bad for business I mean if there's anyone out there giving plugs to the WWF and making them look good You know you guys have the audience you have the audience at the palm of your hand every day We have given the biggest support in the New York market I mean half the jocks on the radio have no clue about the WWF I know and it's like now he goes and whatever it occurred what are you going to say You haven't just given people a chance to talk about it you give the WWF segments on your show Yeah You know Oh yeah So You just watch I mean after today you watch out how many times we mention the WWF in the future I know and what are those comments going to be I mean you had nothing to praise in the beginning and now it's just Now there's plenty of other things to talk about Yeah I mean if you're going to be a smart businessman above all else you got to you know you got to look to the people that help you out That was his biggest mistake above all else was to make himself look bad and you know in your eyes Right Yeah That's all I got to say take care Thank you Bye Bye Tom what's going on Hey we're going to see the Rock right now at a book signing Yeah Yeah we're going to give him a little piece of our mind You better watch out You better watch out he has a rage problem Rage problem Yeah I don't know I feel like I have to give him the rock bottom myself Is that that And he's in my hometown I was going to say is that God Is that that book still right by your house Yeah the one by the Whitman Mall No it's at the tower at the wall Oh okay I thought it was like that little one right in the village there No no no thanks now everyone knows exactly where I live No one knows exactly where you live they know you live in like the Huntington Village area Yeah we're alumni of Harborfields ourselves here Oh right on right You Greaser Bastards Call Rock a Puss for us will ya Yeah I think we're going to try to get a couple supporters to come with us bring some signs Alright bring some signs Thank you Tom Alright guys no problem What an insult he's in our town today Oh the Rock taking over your town there Opie Hey Rock if you don't like Opie and Anthony well the whole town feels the same So why don't you cancel your book signing It doesn't have the balls to Yeah I don't know we're going to see if he pulls up with an entourage or something I'll only go down there Alright you guys just show up down there we'll be there We're hours away from there Oh that's right You know what we're all guilty of too Me, you and Sickboy We're all guilty of this Getting so friggin shaken up and trying to count every word that comes out of your mouth When you're constructed Confronted with a black guy And us as white guys When you're confronted by a black guy Calling you or at least implying that you may have some relationship with something that is racist And we're all guilty of it you know you see what we did We're like well you try to make excuses you know something Never again Well Ann Whatever's on my mind I swear to Christ it's going to come right out of my friggin mouth Ann I got to say it again though I was just in such shock Yeah I was just in shock that Yeah I was stammering But let me tell you I look like a pussy I'm not going to lie to you guys But I was just like in shock like where the hell is this coming from Why does it involve me I'll be honest with you if it was an Irish guy sitting there And he starts talking about some comments that were on a website about drinking or something Guaranteed one of us would have went I'll have a beer and calm down Ha ha ha big joke Right You know but when a black guy confronts white guys about racism Like that we all of a sudden get all tongue tied Like we have to count every word and explain ourselves and make sure everything's okay You know something? F it! I've had it I'm speaking my mind Bravo Period Thank you Welpy Well you have one supporter in Thank you one supporter Thank you I'm just bowing here thank you Okay Let's take a Rick Scott cell Rick Scott cell? Yeah I mean I listen I was the only one so far that has listened to the tape again And when you guys play it later you're going to see you didn't stammer as badly as you think And there was still kind of a lighthearted thing going on Lighthearted Yeah believe it or not You listen back to it I was kind of surprised I was like huh I really when it happened it felt like it was going on a whole lot worse than it actually did So I think I think you guys really came out I think you came out looking pretty good It was intense Yeah I mean I go home and I get that many people calling my house No one calls my house My own family doesn't even call me anymore They called last night though That's when I know it was a big deal You know what though? I would love to see signs at the next televised event at the Garden Man God damn I would love to see that Royal Rumbles at the Garden They're playing the Continental Arena soon I'd bring signs right to Rock's face today When he's getting his big signing I would just love to see some Some signs out there Alright and we gotta be creative We gotta take a break We gotta move on cause this is gonna get really old real fast I mean we'll touch on it later with the tape and stuff But we gotta get Lewis Black in here He's not here yet but he should be here any moment Alright Alright It's kinda like a car wreck on the highway You're gonna have to you know Turn this in to see what the hell these idiots are doing next Yopi and Anthony We refuse to be responsible We refuse to be responsible One oh two seven W and E W Hey Anthony, Stacker Two, the world's strongest fat burner Yes our good friends at Stacker Two Let's welcome them back to the O.P. and Anthony show Anthony For the new millennium For the new millennium is right Stacker Two has been here since the beginning on the O.P. and Anthony show We appreciate that Lots of our listeners have lost a lot of weight with Stacker Two Stacker Two, the world's strongest fat burner It burns the fat It crushes the cravings in between meals One more And it gives you the boost of energy Yes That you need when you're lacking late in the day like we are If you wanna check it out for yourself It's Stacker Two, the world's strongest fat burner They have a website Everyone has a website these days www.stackertwo.com What do you think is on the Stacker Two website Ant? Chicks There are chicks on the site Are there? I went there yeah Girls that have lost weight using Stacker Okay Yeah and like bikinis and stuff Alright, Stacker Two, the world's strongest fat burner Give them a call 1-800-LIGHTLINE That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E Stacker Two, the world's strongest fat burner 1027-WNNW It's the O.P. and Anthony show Hey man And it's FU Friday You wanna curse someone out today? The best way is through the fax line 212-957-9639 Right Anthony? Absolutely Still waiting for Lewis Black to make his entrance into the studio Yeah Maybe after the last hour of radio he's staying away I don't think he should He better not There's a chick out there Yeah Hey Rick, what's the chick all about? Chick I thought Rick was in the studio Oh yeah, he has to cough She's from Rouse.com The site that has Luba's naked pics Oh yeah They wanted to do us a solid because Luba wouldn't get naked in the studio and send one girl down that wood Okay, alright She's gonna, I guess, get naked for Lewis Very good Cool, so we'll have to wait for Lewis to get here to do that, right? Yeah Alright We got Rosie Perez involved in one of those meaningless arrests Yeah, I love when these celebrities get arrested Yeah, we've talked about this For their causes in the past Who else has been arrested in this town? I know Reverend Al every other week is getting arrested somewhere But it's not a real arrest Susan Sarandon Yeah Is really into that Bill Cosby Bill Cosby likes doing that Now Rosie For, what was it for, to stop nuclear testing in Puerto Rico? Well honestly it's a big issue though, Ann Is it? Yeah, the people of Puerto Rico are really pissed off It's like, what, there's a small island off the coast or something? They're blowing up bombs And we're doing nuclear testing? Yeah How do you feel about that, Rick, being a Puerto Rican gentleman? I don't really care You don't? I could give a crap It's a small island, they've been doing it for years We basically own them anyway, right? Well that's what they say What are we blowing up? Well we can't blow up bombs I guess we're just testing some kind of nuclear stuff Yeah Oops It's a pretty huge issue to the Puerto Rican community, Anthony Funny, it's like a real small island It's like, okay, no, no, it's on this side so it's okay You know damn well it's probably affecting them Nice to see Rosie Perez actually can get arrested in this town More publicity than she's had in the last what? I know Seven years? She wasn't hanging with Puffy either Alright listen, I gotta cut you guys off because Joe Lyons just arrived with Louis Black Oh, Louis He's a very busy and popular man He's not here yet Oh, he's not here yet? No Just Joe Just Joe? What is Joe going to answer our show from Comedy Central? I don't know, did he hear the Rock show? Like everyone else? Alright, what we have to do anyway is take another break because we spent so much time on The Rock Wow, we just took one I know, we're running late so what we'll do is we'll do the F lesson Okay Very popular bit on Friday and then we'll be back hopefully with Louis Black, stay there Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word F*** Out of all of the English words that begin with the letter F F*** is the only word that is referred to as the F word It's the one magical word Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love F*** As most words in the English language is derived from German The word F*** Dismay, oh F*** it Trouble, I guess I'm really F*** now Aggression, don't F*** with me buddy Difficulty, I don't understand this F***ing question Inquiry, who the F*** was that? Dissatisfaction, I don't like what the F*** is going on here Incompetence, he's a F*** off Dismissal, why don't you go outside and play hide and go F*** yourself I'm sure you can think of many more examples With all of these multi-purpose applications how can anyone be offended when you use the word? We say use this unique flexible word more often than your daily speech It will identify the quality of your character immediately Say it loudly and proudly F*** you You guys rule In blazing saddles there were more n***er and engine jokes than anything What did people take offense with? When Mongo dropped a horse with one punch This society is F***ed up Later you guys keep doing what you're doing Yeah Very good AJ Opium, Anthony You guys can punch like piss me off, okay? 1027 WNEW 1027 WNEW, it's Opium, Anthony and look who's in the studio, Anthony Ah, Louis Louis Black from Comedy Central, everyone He's back He remembers us I remember you, I'll never forget you You know, we played an old tape of you this week I heard that Because we don't really feel like working right at 2 o'clock so we play some And we're like, yeah, Louis is good for another spin And it was all current stuff so I guess we don't even have to do this today This is great, that's perfect Where you been, what you been up to? I've been, well I've been trying to find a vein that works, you know It's so difficult after you've used needles for so long Who knew you were on the smack It takes weeks Have you used the ones in your penis yet? Oh no Okay, then I guess you don't really have a problem Hear those junkie stories where they have to start using those veins Right, that's when you know you have the real problem No, I was in, well first I was going to come by Christmas but you guys took the week off What sissy? Aw, come on now What, to spend with your family, what? That's so bogus We're going to stop for a while and spend some time I didn't even do that I got away so I didn't have to spend time with the family Where'd you go? I went skiing, I blew off the family this year I did the family thing, well you must have some family You go back for the holidays I'm Jewish so it's totally who cares You know, little Hanukkah thing I'm going to go back for Christmas and look at a naked living room Not a tree in sight, you didn't have that Hanukkah bush crap Nah We're a legitimate Jewish family with Jewish concerns like, you know Like Hanukkah which is just a chumpster time of year, boy And then they'll start calling it, no it's not, it's a wonderful Hanukkah This is very special for our children They like getting socks three days in a row It's a miserable holiday So I don't really care, so I worked actually Caroline's that week Oh you did? Yeah, because apparently they think Well apparently they think I can draw against the baby Jesus You know, that's a tough gig, huh? We're going to either kind of celebrate the birth of the son of God Or go down and see that psychotic Jew boy What are we going to do? Well they didn't show up, I'll tell you that You might need a better agent Come on But it was actually a great audience Because you get 70 or 80 people, you know, and it's Christmas Eve That's a bitter crowd, you know? Yes You know, they're not a happy group of people True, and New Year's Eve? New Year's Eve was Big millennium You must have some thoughts on the millennium I am, the rage is not subsiding What they did With the Y2K? With E-field JIP? JIP! I wanted a plane of fun! I think we should just pick a date as a nation and have some fun, okay? Just screw things up or something? No, just get together as a group Like, you know, what do they do? They basically, don't go out, don't go out, don't move! All women who are going to give birth on that night We're going to sew you up We're going to sew you up We don't know what will happen if a baby's head appears at the year 2000 We don't know what to do It was incredible Don't move, don't move, giant ticks could invade at any second What a bunch of crap So the entire country stays home To watch other people celebrate around the world So I'm sitting here at 9 in the morning going You know, it's Afghanistan and nothing has happened And I'm going, they're partying And then Chicago's like, well, we're going to have some, you know, it's going to be a special time for us at home And in Afghanistan they can even rub two sticks together They're having more fun than us And there's no problems in Afghanistan I guess we would have been okay But figure it out But nobody came out Nobody came out It's still like, uh-oh, we're the ones who can screw up Seven-year-olds left alone in a closet Do not have the paranoid vision that we came up with For New Year's Eve We all had this apocalyptic vision Planes out of the sky, buildings blowing up, anarchy in the streets I did this thing, it turned out to be true I did this thing on the, when we had our Millennium Special on The Daily Show One of the few things that I really was pleased with They did a thing about the fact that it already occurred What were they talking to me? Apocalyptic, this is it! Hello! Yeah, we're it It occurred about three and a half years ago, you know? And now, what's the big change going to be? More channels, more crap on television The raw sewage network That'll be the big change You know, we've got to the point where the attention deficit disorder has attention deficit disorder We were just so screwed up we didn't even notice Oh, we were embracing, oh look, it's going to be a wonderful day Look at this! I might like the raw sewage channel You know something? There'd probably be a night where I'd sit there and go, look at the way it flows I mean, it's beautiful Why not? I could watch the raw sewage channel Too funny And then the whole concept of the terrorists terrorizing you Yes, they welded the manhole cover shut in Times Square to get rid of those subterranean What was that movie? Chud? Remember that? They thought Chud was going to invade Times Square Carnivorous humanoid underground dwellers, I think it was Chud Very good! That's frightening that you remember that Yes, it is I can't remember what happened Thursday Well, he hasn't used all his veins yet, that's why I'm ejecting directly into the retina right now Yeah, they welded the manhole cover shut And then, you know what's really frightening? They installed, I mean, hundreds of surveillance cameras in Times Square for the Millennium to thwart the terrorists that were going to strike They're not taking them down No They are not removing these things No This is new cameras that are all over This camera's everywhere You ever notice you can't be on the streets without being on some camera? Camera's in the stores, camera's on the streets, by the lights This camera's everywhere He's never, they'd put him up there and take him away They ain't taking him down Well, that's profound Hell no Ant was the only New Yorker in Times Square for the big celebration I wasn't in Times Square, I was high above Times Square Where were you? I was in this building on the 35th floor Oh, what a view Oh, that's fantastic He crashed the party I'm walking around, I went upstairs, I saw a sign that said, Party 2000 That's for me, I walked in Is that right? I was like, hey, how you doing? They're like, hey, you want a drink here, Sean? We just hung out, it was amazing The best was your past, though The hotel you were staying at actually gave out passes Yeah, because the security in Manhattan, the security was amazing If you were in New York City on New Year's Eve You could not walk block to block without a hall pass like in school I got what the Parker Meridian had to hand me A pass that I had to give to police officers at roadblocks Saying, I just got to pee, I'll be right back Oh, man Let me raise my hand That's unbelievable I just don't understand why terrorists would terrorize New York It's kind of redundant Why would you terrorize a city that we do professionally? Our mayor terrorizes us Why do you need somebody to come in? You're going to go be a terrorist, terrorize a place where they're going to notice If they blow a couple of buildings, you're going to go, ooh, it's a view I wonder what they're going to build there next The buildings fall down on their own around here A bunch of frigging, whatever the hell that was Ooh, the guys that tried to blow up the World Trade Center The World Trade Center Yeah, truckload of explosives in the basement Boom, the thing shakes if your windows break some smoke It doesn't fall down They move a crane wrong in Times Square Chunks of building are taking out the elderly You're right Why bother with the terrorism? It just happens on its own around here This is when I knew I truly made the transition You walk by the homeless, you don't see them I was in a subway about seven years ago going downtown from a club uptown We stop at 14th Street and they announce The doors open and go, well, ladies and gentlemen, it's 14th Street There's apparently a bomb on board this time Could you please exit immediately? And nobody moved Nobody moved I didn't even get up I just sat there and went, well, yeah, right We've heard it before If you're a New Yorker, you've heard it all That's kind of like, show us, okay? That apparently word I'm not giving up my seat And I don't see it It's not in my car I've only got two stops to go, let's give it a run I'm moving to take a chance Oh, very good It was so brutal, that whole experience I was a kid I'm old enough so that I looked to the millennium as really being God, I'm going to be a born and raised I'm going to have a lifetime And this is going to happen They're constantly telling you, oh, you're going to live to be the year 2000 In 2000 when the movie came out I did enough drugs then I think part of my brain is still left there with him and the pod But that's another story But you know, you kind of anticipate this And I just felt like, you know, once again, I'm a sucker I bought it and then they crushed me And I performed that night, 28 people in Chicago showed up 28, and you know, that's a room of fun people When they're sitting around the room And they're thinking, God, I think I made a terrible mistake I said it would have been more fun running around the room And lifting them, I guess, in their wake Which was the second show, right? It was the second show for you It was extraordinary I just, I could not, but I, but I, but here's the, Christmas Eve It's about eight, seven, six years ago I was in, in, playing, performing yet again You know, because it was when I was really up again, you know And I thought, okay, sure, I'll take on the baby Jesus And it was three people in Washington, D.C. Three people in the audience And the guy made us perform, he was playing He said, you know, you're going to perform And I, and so I was just taking for a ride in your car Exactly It would be a little more interesting, you know Put him in the back seat Put him in the back seat and do your act It's exactly it The first two comics went up and performed I go up, I'm eight minutes into the act And one of the guys leaves the room Uh-oh, he walks 33 percent of your audience You're done it too And I turned to the audience and I said Aren't you glad that prick is gone? The audience, the couple I said, are you, isn't this great? It's just us now Thank God, you know, he was bringing this room so down That's awful I went and sat at the table I did table comedy Oh, that's classic I had a sat with him You might as well at that point I just talked to him Why be on the stage? Why are you any better than them? And then I thought it was depressing for me And this guy had, it was like If you were a comic, this club was heaven It ran in Washington for a while It was downstairs, it was a strip club Next floor, with great food Which is where they'd serve you the foods You get up for dinner And there would be Where's the little leery of the strip club that serve food? You know, it's free, so you go And then, and then it's The second floor was the sports bar And then the comedians So I mean it was like It was like you never I said if you had a bed here I'd never leave Sure, why not? But I went downstairs and there was You know, I had two for my show Then I go downstairs, they had one person One person It's Christmas One person, it's Christmas Eve And there's decorations Who goes to the strip joint on Christmas Eve? Well you know, I thought You know, there'd be some nice Jewish girls Ah yeah, the Monica thing Yeah, I forgot about that Yes, Sari And now she's Sheila We and the buff will light the candles We feel like we were We feel like we were robbed though For the millennium, I don't know As a kid, you know I don't know one person that didn't sit there And do the math and figure out how old you were going to be You're going to be a year 2000 The movies they showed you like 2001 They got a year to build that big wheel And send a ship to Jupiter One year 2001 Where are our flying cars? Where are the jet packs we saw at the World's Fair? You know, the robots for our houses We're still driving internal combustion automobiles Oh sure, they look a little flamboyant And when do we get cell phones? We get the total detritus, the crap of the whole heath So people can't drive the internal combustion cars Because they're frigging on the cell phones They can't dial And they can't get enough information out of the cell phones Look at those things now Now you can get new web I mean it's like what? And a TV, there's one with a TV Yeah, that's it It's like Spock's tricorder now For God's sake You can see where the little beast is behind the rock Exactly, on your cell phone Unbelievable But everywhere else we got rocked I thought we'd be flying around in those Jetsons cars by now Nothing Nothing, you got crap And then they take away the fun They take away the fun, boy Did you see that? There was no drinking in Times Square They corralled the people up in what amounted to cages They caged them in between the blocks Where they couldn't move for nine or ten hours I don't, what? How much brain power do you have to be standing Unlike one of those cross streets You're packed in where you're not even seeing You can't even see what's going on You can't even see Okay, if you're New Orleans and you got a drink in your hand Sure, but you're... And people were packed in there at seven What did they do from seven to twelve? If I went through my life I would have to go through my life a billion times I would have to make stuff up I'd have to pretend things And now you're talking to people And you're not sitting down, it's freezing What in the name of God? No booze, and you know how interesting people are when you're not drunk When you're not drunk for five straight hours For five hours, some of you don't know Well, we're convinced Katie got her booze though Katie Couric looked a little... She looked blitzed The news just went crazy on the right thing See, I missed it All the coverage was astounding Tom Brokaw, I miss me nine million years Just seeing him try to say the word millennium Had me dying And Katie Couric I don't know if she's a lady that likes to drink In my professional drinking opinion The woman was smashed She's on Times Square She's on Times Square Literally on Times Square, laying down I mean at one point she looked, that's not it No Yeah? And she was so depressed that nothing was going on with the YKJ Yeah, all the news people freaked out because nothing happened Nothing happened, the pigs In 1201 people are huddled around their dishwashers Weeping with joy, look, it started again It's gonna work It'll work And then these... I don't even know what I was gonna say I haven't thought I thought I'd get back one thought with another And then all of a sudden I watched It's Y2K I watched the flames occur I thought, my God It was a good thought I think we need to take a break Are you performing? Because I know you're performing here, honestly But someone's on the line Where's Lewis Black performing next? At the Gotham Comedy Club tonight at 8.30 and 11 And then the next... Tomorrow night at 8.30 and 11 Okay Yeah, there's a 22nd between 5th and 6th Cool He's probably a stalker Lewis loves talking about current events If you got something, give us a call 212-757-1027 OP OP OP Anthony 1027 WNEW 1027 WNEW It's OP and Anthony and Lewis Black from Comedy Central in the studio from The Daily Show I tell him to hold that thought because we were having a little conversation during the commercials but I'm sure he probably forgot what he was gonna say already I had five others And you never know who's gonna check in on the radio show, Anthony Yes Our buddy, our pal Not that Lewis isn't our pal, Anthony Of course he is as well Yes, he is Jay Moore live from Hollywood checking in today Jay! What is up? Hey, Jay Jay, we I want to talk to the half breed Oh my God Wait, who are you talking about? The rock, the half breed I don't want half breed, I'm talking to Simone Faith The rock Now how the hell I had a little tension there yesterday, gentlemen How the hell did you find out out there in Hollywood? You guys are blowing up You guys have no idea how big you guys are blowing up I get status reports from like my little moles I got planted throughout the city So you heard about I told Mike DeNicola, who's a comedian I got him, I told him about the gay phone sex with Marco, he didn't believe me So he started listening when you guys replayed it on the worst of And now he's listening every day Jay, I got something for you on that call Now Boston has heard that Really? Yeah, they're starting to play our bits up in Boston, we sent that one off, they loved it I'm telling you, you guys are blowing up You're a phenomenon We almost blew up yesterday, man Oh my God The rock versus stick boy is not exactly a fair fight Me and Rick, that could last about a minute We were hoping to have your wrestling skills in the studio yesterday, man We needed something I don't think the rock's going to like you, Jay, if you keep calling him a half-breed I can't really think of anything funny right now I'm unemployed My wife and I slept for 12 hours, she goes, what's wrong with us? I go, we're unemployed That's exactly what you're supposed to be doing Anything in the works there, Jay? Yeah, a lot of things in the works, that's the problem with Hollywood You've got 17 things in the works And then about a month goes by and you realize, no, one of them came to freaking tuition It's like, wow, I thought I was right on the cusp of 17 projects Turns out I'm a dick Wow, they gave that part to the lead singer of Sugar Ray Yeah, he's got acting chops, I understand that God damn Charlie's Angel I went in for Charlie's Angels and the director I'm taking a piss after the audition I just went in and met them And the guy goes, let's play Lucy Lou's boyfriend And the director in the room in front of everybody is like, oh, it's going to be great What do you think, Lucy Lou, huh? I go, yeah, whatever I just want to be in the movie, I think it's such a great script I'm saying all the right things I go to the bathroom It was a funny script, it was like James Bond meets both of them It was really crazy, it didn't take it so seriously Anyway, I'm in the bathroom taking a leak And the guy comes in right behind me And he's like, so what do we got to do to make this happen? I'm like taking a leak, I'm like, what do you mean? And so we're just standing there peeing And I'm like, no, hey man, I just want to be in the film I think it's really funny and I think it's going to be really fun And I want to work And he's like, we got to make it happen, this is great And then he leaves, it's like a month goes by I realize I didn't hear anything, mate It's like, oh, they gave it to Sugar Ray Really, dude? What happened to peeing side by side? Side by side, touching elbows, holding our acorns Sugar Ray At least he didn't give it to a half-breed Look at you all It's John Rocker when you need him, that would be great Yeah, if we had John Rocker in here All of a sudden John Rocker would have fought him All of a sudden a professional wrestler is becoming very political You know what you could have done? You could have waved, like I'm sitting right next to you guys That's the love of the old me and Anthony That's the love of the show I'm 3000 miles away and I just said, we Like we're just sitting there Exactly We got so many emails that said Jay should have been there to smooth things over I would have punched him right in the half-breed You think I'm going to lose a fight to a half-breed? I've got a half-breed They lack the necessary intelligent tools That's why they're not in the front office You're going to be on Extra tonight, man I'm going to be on Nightline Jay Moore's racist remarks about The Rock Hey, we should have fixed him up with Jasmine St. Clair That twat, god damn Oh man, what a great couple they could be The Rock and the Whore She pissed me off that day, man She pissed me off and I'm like more into porno than all your compil- Well, not Anthony, but Anthony watches so much porno He rented one and didn't rewind it all the way And when he hit play, he recognized the guy by his balls That's when you know you watch too much porno He's Louis Black in there I love Louis Black Let's not get that- I can't believe he's screaming like this And I'm going to walk out of the studio And I'm the one who's going to get shot We're the only ones that change it all Louis Black, crowy black hair, glasses, color in a nice suit You can catch him right at the Brooklyn Diner Get him Louis, I got a lot of weight in the tri-state area, my friend Where are you at? Are you in town? Are you working in town? Yeah, I'm at Gotham tonight Oh, New York, O.C. Louis Black One of J. Moore's favorite comics I just spoke up about myself in the third person You're just like The Rock The Rock does that That's what time in LA does to you He's not that intelligent because he's a half-breed Why did he pick a name like The Rock? It's easy to remember Don't want to be The Rock Louis, you know that girl that did the 300 guy gangbang? Yeah They had her in suit And she was so mean She's a miserable bitch What's up next for you? Why do you care? What? I mean, there's a word for her She's the naughtiest bitch Yeah, but I think the game was a C Or K if you do it, it's the comedy K-word Yeah, if you're The Rock, you're turning into a K You're a half-breed Hey, Jay, when are you coming back to New York? Everywhere, I'm doing Rascals and Caroline Alright, because everyone's asking I want to take attention away from the fact that Louis Black, one of my favorite comics, is at Gotham tonight Hey, fly us out so we can do like a live Opium Anthony show from your crib I'll fly you guys He's unemployed, man, come on Sing it right as a I'm doing a gig down here, I got a tour deal down here Jay, the show was good, I liked the show Thanks, pal Yeah, I think everyone liked it You know when they dropped the ball in Times Square for the Millennium? Yeah If the show was still in the air, Fox would have put it on opposite that I, uh, I love Louis Black, big Louis Black fan Hey, Jay, before we let you go, what's your opinion on the whole Bill Parcells thing, man? Everyone talking about the jet situation Well, I think Belichick's kind of a fag He's not a very good head coach anyway He's a great defensive mind Well, he's gone, man But he's never been a great head coach No And the excuses he used were so pathetic The fact that he compared the Browns moving in the dead of night to Baltimore and changing coaches and stadiums Comparing Matt to Leon Hess dying Comparing the two situations as the craziness when owners die or move Yeah To so ludicrous And the fact that he accepted a two-year extension on his contract So no other team could talk to him If he goes to the Patriots, they'll be in litigation for a very long time I think we should get Ditka You think? Ditka's not No, I think I'm going to go with Ditka Oh, God, I was getting scared there for a second You know what I'm hoping? Is that Parcells is up in the front office And they do like a coach hunt And nothing's really working out And then Parcells just goes, you know what? Give me the ring I'm going You want the ring? I'm sick of it Give me the ring, Norton, I'm going in I'm saving the team Norton, Vinnie Black Norton, my friend, I'm coaching the jet Louis Black, is that top of Norton? Norton, we got to go Don't be too sure, Ralph, I ain't got no hairpin I got a kern Kern, a kern I love you guys All right, Jay, take care You might have to sit in the same seat Louis Black, one of the best contracts going You better get your ass in the studio Louis Black You better get in here Sit in home and watch them half-breed Dad's in St. Clair on the Rock Did you take this half-breed to be Sloppy 370 seconds See you later, guys, I love you John Rocker, everyone John Rocker There he goes That was funny That guy's out of his mind What a life he's living Jesus Christ It's a good script, Charlie's Angels That's when you know they've lost their mind It was kind of a combination of Austin Powers and Tweety Pie Screwed the cap Okay, great I got you out there and you're kind of going, okay, what have we got? Anything? Wait a sec So you want me to host a Tupperware party? Great No problem, what's the price? 200,000? Fine Be me, it'll be Yeah, and then what's your name? Florence Henderson I'm in And now we're special I'm in the Tupperware, they're coming in colors Oh, man I said that place when he started to talk The thing about going in there He says you have the 17 projects It's literally fake meetings, fake lunches Fake projects The only thing that's real is You start to doubt it, it's the food We're going to be talking I went to three meetings out there, they were completely clinically insane And you kind of sit there and you've got to keep your mouth shut And literally part of the reason my career Kind of has taken forever to even move By an inch I go to these things initially You know, about 15 years ago And I'm going, are you insane? You can't say that They take it personally And then they go There was somebody I must have been 35 at this point But I'm sitting with the person And the person was talking about something I look at him, how old are you? It's just when I'm 23 I'm listening to you I said, I'm leaving Yeah, we know that Like you've been in those meetings where You sit down, the first minute You realize, oh my god, this is a complete waste of time And now you just got to sit and phase out And nod a lot And hours go by And they're just feeding you lines of crap Yeah, it's unbelievable But in our case, we believed them And that's why we're here What the hell were we thinking that day? And then before you know it You're doing afternoon drive at any W Jesus Christ, what happened? They're going Would you like more tea? That's the high point of the meeting We're going to have dessert You're thinking dessert We're going to get dessert I think we took this job because the lunch was really good That they gave us that way But out there they come up to us for tea And then they bring us something that tastes like peach And that's bull I asked for tea But it's our peach infusion You know, stop it already You guys have way too much time on your hands out here That's California What a slime bucket hole It just gets worse and worse I stayed at a hotel out there It was so hip, it gave you a headache The moment you walked in There's some of those I didn't stay there, have you ever been in that one? I stayed there actually Sunset Boulevard They dress them up like they're communist Chinese The revolution is over Jackass Mao is dead Put on some clothes They put opi over there And they put me at the Hyatt across the street Like great, he stays at this upper cross I like my hotel better I would have rather been at the Hyatt that year The Hyatt is a great place in LA Hotels are just The Hyatt is so bad The light is so psychotic That's good, an orange pillar in the middle of the room For no apparent reason They're making a statement If you're going with a girl, you'll find something to do with that orange pillar Speaking of the Hyatt Do you know the story of the comedian that jumped from the roof? No How does that story go? The guy that was at the comedy store He did a set over there Bombed Of the Hyatt And jumped off And hit the driveway that goes up between the comedy store and the Hyatt He was trying to land in front of the comedy store He wanted to really make it You never heard that story? He bombed and he jumped off the roof Jumped off the roof A comedian after a set And now supposedly he's haunting the comedy store also Like everyone else Plenty of ghosts in the comedy store Man, what an idea There's somebody Perfect Are we allowed to bring a naked woman in here for you today? Sure, why not Want to see one? A query business life What happened? There's no lesbian thing, right? My friends are going to be really disappointed We didn't have another girl This girl supposedly really cool Does she need music to get naked or anything? No They just show up? What is the concept? What is the deal behind this? I know I hear these things go on here every time Usually it's the day after I come on Right You came in Friday, but on Monday Pepe La Conca was here The conga player We had three goats And then two women came in and did some stuff That was absolutely spectacular How do you get them? You mean they're just kind of flying Let's go uptown In this case we plugged some website We didn't even know we were plugging it And all of a sudden the guy wants to give us a little thank you A little how you doing? Another gift from the World Wide Web So you perform in front of three people on Christmas Eve And we're looking at geese That is unbelievable If you want to talk to Louis A bunch of people want to talk to you as well 212-757-1027 I can't even believe these ones He's a disgusting little man What a douchebag I'm going to go to the bathroom What a douchebag Bang over This is sicker than faces of death 127-WNEW Alright Anthony Paizano of Mulberry Street Yes, you said you were going there the other day Did you? I was going to go yesterday after the rock thing And Joey was here He brought a bunch of food for the rock And his gamble and stuff And after that whole mess yesterday I had no desire to go down there And Joey didn't even want me to go down there We all just went home depressed You better get your ass to Paizano Down on Mulberry Street I ate all the fine food yesterday that he brought by See that's one thing with you Joey brings you the food and you eat it here Go to the restaurant sometime Hang out in the atmosphere that is Paizano Of Mulberry Street Authentic incredible Italian cuisine, Opie Made from original old world Italian recipes You know what? He rolled some old Italian bread and stole the recipes So it is authentic I'm kidding of course My god But who cares how he got the old world recipes They're really good Was I the only one hoping that Joey was going to pull out his piece yesterday When the rock was acting up Oh my god did you see the news now Joey Paizano shoots the rock Of the WWF No Can we just do a spot for Joey Is a good friend of the show He's a good friend of the show We love Paizano, we're down there all the time At least I am And I know Rick is Opie can't be bothered getting That is not true I patched it up for Joey, we never had a problem Going south of Times Square is a little rough for Opie For some reason I don't know Are you afraid to go near the village, think someone's going to recognize you What a cheap shot Okay You want to get into some stuff I didn't think you did Oh good this is great And Lewis came in and witnessed the breakdown You were going to have a stripper on But instead we decided to have a Nervous meltdown breakdown Things are going really well, next thing you know they're punching each other Lewis was the yokel To Armacotney and Lenin Today We love Paizano We're down there all the time Go down, see Joey Tell him we sent you And you get a glass of wine on the house too Exactly Anthony, it's Paizano of Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy He's very busy on the weekends as well So you might want to make a reservation Call 965-1188 That's 965-1188 For Paizano of Mulberry Street 1027 WNAW It's the Opie and Anthony show Hey Lewis Black taking a quick break, he'll be back in in a second here Lots to do What a surprise, Jay Moore calling in today Anthony Very good friend to the show Always a pleasure when he calls in to our radio show Calling from his digs out in LA That's right Man, what a life I guess we're going to replay The uncomfortable moment from yesterday's show Oh yeah After this next segment with Lewis Black So like early in the 5 o'clock hour Very early in the 5 o'clock hour We'll do that, in case you missed it yesterday Yeah Fuck, I don't know if I can sit through it Seems like everyone is talking about it today in New York Even though we're trying to move on with other things Yeah, a lot of People emailing me links to websites That are talking about it So Yeah, I don't know A lot of people though emailing and calling saying Man, my friend called me and said it was like so freaking uncomfortable It was train wreck radio It was just unbelievable But I didn't get to hear it, could you guys replay it? So I guess we'll put ourselves on the line One more time and play it Alright But here he comes, Lewis Black once again Sorry guys That's okay Nature calls Sorry Brian, what's going on? Hey, how's it going? First of all, I think you're great, Lewis But what do you think about that Pitcher from the Braves Jackass to the 50th power Unbelievable, right? I had to watch the Mets play Atlanta in Atlanta During that playoff And he came out And I said First off, when you bear a child that looks like Scooby Doo You know there's going to be a problem That guy's a mutt It's unbelievable But also listen I want to know if I can send out an FU Yeah, go ahead And it's someone that you personally know Will be, I'm sure I know a little Jesus freak from Huntington With that 8 foot cross on the back of the truck Oh, that guy I've yelled at that guy a bunch of times I'm hanging out smoking a cigar with a cigar This guy has like Jesus saved You've got to see the display this guy has In Huntington, I mean he has totally made the commitment to Christ What is his story? I don't know I want to get him on the show or something He takes up all the great parking spaces On Main Street in Huntington with this Big truck It's a truck, it has a trailer, it has an 8 foot cross Big cross And it's got a cross The Holocaust is coming Because of the Clintons But unbelievable Actually it's the Holocaust is coming It's a TV series It's a continuous, that's what he's ever done With Charlie's Angels It's brilliant marketing by the WB actually You're not a freak You know what I've realized? The more into The more into being a Jesus freak you are It only means the more of a sexual Alcoholic deviant you were A few years before You know, like the more you are into it And preaching and putting crosses on your car This guy must have been like screwing Girls at the elementary school while Down in Jack Daniels Like 24 hours a day To get to the point where you've got to feel You've got to drive around with a crucifix An 8 foot crucifix Yes! No, no, it's standing Up there, when you get to that point Man, you're trying to make reparations That's a great point because there's a new women's group Out there, it's Born Again Virgins How bad were those women That they have for the... Slutbags Should be called slutbags There's a new group, they're called Born Again Virgins And it's a women's group No girl with an ordinary With ordinary sexual activity feels You know, I better become a virgin You know, when you've had more in and outs Than the Lincoln Tunnel You know, then you start thinking Oh, maybe I can join a group where it will grow back Yeah, you know who brings you new hymen? The Easter Bunny Yeah, because it's true It can happen, you can be a virgin again Get out of here There's no chance It doesn't happen twice You lost it once Anthony, what's up? What's up guys, how you doing? We have Lewis Black in the studio today Lewis Black, you're incredible, I watch your daily show as much as I can Thank you I have a question about the little cubano that they're sending back How do you feel about that? I think we should get something for him At least a box of cigars A couple of pictures I was going to say a couple draft pictures The Mets could use a couple of left-handers Exactly You know, you don't give them up for nothing I'm a draft boy And this poor sap, is he going to grow up to be a bitter man, this kid? After seeing America and all the Christmas gifts from all over the country He was in America, a sympathetic little kid that got a lot of sympathy there During Christmas, toys Now he's going to come back to Cuba and live the rest of his life Wait, what happened? Wait, last year I remember around this time I got a hell of a lot of cool stuff That's when you go into That's when you start reading about You pick up a paper 11 years from now And you read about a transvestite hooker And you're like, well, formerly a raft boy Now a raft chick Yeah Wow Oh, man Do you have any thoughts on that hijacking? The puke plane, as we like to call it Oh, man That'd be rough I'm really glad that the other countries in the world India has like, no, India they hijack a plane about every 8 minutes Apparently It's like, how come this is the first one we heard of? Oh, boy, this happens all the time, all the time, all the time We don't worry, we don't worry And no one really cared Nobody cared at all It really didn't make much news I mean, whenever there's a hijacking, I usually can turn on CNN And you'll see footage from the tarmac You'll see the real telephoto view of the whole thing Nothing We barely got an artist rendering in the paper The Indians don't negotiate So there's nothing to talk about You know what I mean? It's not like we're asking for this and we're going to do that They said, okay, bye Quiet And they said bye to the hijackers Didn't they get away? Scots free? Yeah They walked off the plane They got some stuff, they walked off the plane, they killed a guy They killed one of the passengers Greg, you're next Hey, how's it going, guys? Lewis, what is on the back of your mind about this 54-year-old woman having triplets? Yeah, that hit the paper today I missed that There's a lady wearing Connecticut, right? Yeah, I think it's somewhere around here That is impossible That's a circus That's got to be some sort of a circus hat thing She's 36 in makeup You can't be 64 54 having triplets 54, that's insane Poor kid Coming out must have been like going down one of those slip-and-slides without the water on Come on Come on Come on Oh my goodness Oh man Oh, I'm coughing up a lung Wow That had to hurt Usually too, you give them those fertility pills So that doesn't really happen Those kids are all going to be waddy-headed cephalic They're going to have to be propped up somehow Because you can't If you had one of them you'd be lucky If the kid could walk What are these three going to be? Let's divide the IQ into thirds We got a 19 IQ So we got a 6, a 6, and a 7 Mmm-hmm God in heaven Why are people faking? I'm not too comfortable when mom has to go to the parent-teacher conference And she's 102 You know? Jesus, man Have some sympathy for the kid That's like Tony Randall Mr. Father of the Year He's like almost 80 years old and he's having another infant Geez, man Did you hear about the kids? I don't know, I just saw the headline I'm like I'm not even going to bother with this one Yeah, but I bet I would have to ask I'd ask to probe a little deeper into the story She probably has like a 35-year-old Yeah, really Take care of your brother That's right If David's brother needs a change Geez, man Where did that take place? In the South? Connecticut Have you ever been in the woods in Connecticut? Yeah It is, it's scary I felt her biological sundial running out What else is in the news? The Clintons did a one-nighter I guess Yeah, like he's going to spend two nights in a row in Westchester That must have been a nice little evening Because it was him, Hillary, and his mother-in-law You know that must be comfortable when he bumps into her in the robe What was that? Oh yeah, it's the guy that got his swanky slacks We saw things that we haven't seen in 18 years Yeah, like probably your schmuntz stuff He was locked in there There wasn't a lot of room He was stuck This has got to stop Somebody has got to pull her aside Maybe I'm just losing my grip But I was watching her yesterday in that interview She is completely detached It's like somebody is funneling a voice through her at this point She has absolutely no There's no meshing of her emotion There's nothing It's ridiculous She is, isn't it? It's like a Stepford wife She would be a good senator She's got nothing to back it up She doesn't have real She doesn't have really any plan She just says Vote me in, be good That's it And then they're going to give him 10 million bucks Did you read that one? A job on Wall Street Because you know he's so smart He's so damn smart Out of that He parlayed that into a 10 million It is not right You know that you say The man did that well in office Guess what? He's an idiot Let him near money Let him wave at people Let him touch behind A job on Wall Street? So how do you think he'll get into work? The subway? They'll chop her in Yeah, I'm sure What did you think of Donald Trump running the Vito? I can't believe they're reporting this This is a real story There are no adults left in the room Isn't there somebody Like in the late 70s Little class Little Whitman Lewis Take him into a small room Donald, come here Guess what? No No talk That's it He's got all his yesmen I would love to see him get in Donald Trump taking his wife to the 7th grade First first lady ever That's still in junior high You see his little chippy? Yeah It's like one of his daughter's model friends Amazing When I actually heard he was running my teeth I tried to reach around to eat my brain That was my first reaction What a guy thinks he's a self-made man What a horse His father is like one of the richest men ever Built all of these buildings in New York Donald Trump's father could have chosen not to have children And had a chimp that just crapped its cage For 40 years And that chimp would be worth as much as Donald is today I'd turn the vote for the chimp Are you kidding me? I want a chimp as president I want Scooter And I think he'd be great And then you'd go, you turn on And we'd have like in the White House, you just turn it on and he'd be running around That's the hysterical Out of control chimp running around the Oval Office Really? That would be a great situation A State of the Union address And just crapping and spanking one out on the desk It'd be perfect I thought we were talking about the monkey Mark, what's up? Yeah, I wanted to ask Lewis Well first of all, I wanted to say Lewis I think you're great if you're on Comedy Central Thanks I wonder what your opinion was of NASA's repeated success with surveying Mars I love it It's my favorite stub Because eventually we're going to find out where it went And that'll be like Well I won't, but you know, our children's children Will discover where it is That'd just be a huge pile of crap On Mars I want them to keep shooting stuff up there Because eventually we're going to find I like the idea of space travel I was born and raised in the suburbs What does that prepare you for? Space travel After you live there, after you live in a place that has no real place It's not a place, the suburbs So the next place is Mars Or any other place Any other kind of a lonely planet I'm looking forward to it I can't believe they can't get another Remember how excited we all were with that first little Tonka toy thing Driving around on Mars They can't do it again That just shows you what a fluke that first one was If it was real at all Also, the idea that they're going to When they were saying they're going to send somebody up In a certain amount of time Is really bad, can you imagine? They can't get a piece of hardware up there They can't get that little thing there They're going to send a guy? Where are you? Venus, you idiot I've always loved NASA though, I've always loved that crap Because at least it's kind of It's directed towards something other than Than hurting us And let me say peace and love to you all I've lost my mind I can't believe I just said that That's worse than swearing We're trying to get the naked girl in But we're having too much fun here David, real fast, what do you have for Louis Black? From what I hear, some of the Jenny Craig franchisees Want to boycott the Lewinsky ads Well they should That's what they're saying Well they absolutely should Well the way I see it, she's a fat chick who's losing weight It works We haven't seen her ass yet, I'm pissed She was on Larry King for all that time the other night She didn't stand up to let us check out that ass She's about to lose weight A million bucks a pound? No, no, no, ten thousand a pound Ten thousand a pound? Yeah, because she needs to lose a hundred If you pay me ten thousand a pound I won't eat Exactly, ten thousand dollars a pound You pay me that and I'll learn how to blow myself Good job Alright guys Bye Shake in the morning, shake in the afternoon And eat an unsensible president For dinner That should be her little slug line Alright I think Lewis performed Enough for us today, now we can give him his reward Yes, a little payback Alright, this girl's from Rooz.com, Rick You don't sound like one of those Strip Club DJs Now making their way to the Open Athlete Show Live from Miami, Florida You might recognize her as one of the Miami Dolphin cheerleaders Wow Yeah, very nice It's rouse.com R-o-u-z-e.com And Christy's in the studio Who's the dude? Who is the dude? Are you the guy that runs the site? I'm an editor at the site Editor at the site Well you always get a little nervous when a guy walks in You don't have any racist comments on your website do you? About the rock? I don't say anything bad about the rock Because if you have racist comments on your website We're going to have to tell you to go home I'm going to make the rock happy Lewis is going to leave Wait a minute, your website, I've seen it there And you have nothing written about Lewis Black I'm leaving I'm going to start crying Without boring the audience, what's rouse.com all about? Basically the first Online destination site for men Which basically we're Kind of like Maxim in our content But we have free email We have stock quotes, we have Naked Girls, we have one each week Which is our strongest selling point I guess And we can't believe Luba did not take it off for you guys Yeah, Luba was on this show This girl, she was all sweet and innocent Right off the boat from Russia, right, Lewis? We didn't even get a nip at her, right? No What's the problem? She came in a bit of a lesbian for a day and all that, real shy A bunch of our listeners Email us, dude you gotta check out the naked pictures of Luba This website This website had just Tons of pictures So she didn't want to get naked for us but she's naked for the whole world Out there And what is it? Rouse? Rouse R-o-u-z-e R-o-u-z-e dot com Well, Kristy, want to get naked for Lewis Black? Sure, why not? Alright This is right Yeah, I know She actually said This is psychotic We'll tape it and put it on the unofficial website That would be good, my mother would be thrilled All of a sudden my mother would go on the web for the first time ever Alright, make sure Lewis isn't in the shot Yeah, my mother finally got Like web TV for Christmas I'll never turn up at anything, this is it This is where the court case comes Oh, yeah Lewis' career was doing really well He was on the NBA infinity show and the next thing you know He's going to be on the NBA And he's going to be He's majoring in paisanos My brother thought it was sensible To get my mom Web TV for Christmas So she could enter the wonderful world of the internet You know what the hell The problem is there She's going to be punching this show's website up, the unofficial one And seeing what really goes on in here She thinks I'm like Edward R. Murrow Or something, you know She thinks I'm a responsible journalist Before the internet we could tell our girls And our parents and stuff That was all fake Didn't really happen Here's this picture of us What's that on your face? It looks like a woman But it's a new type of Hat A nose warmer Alright, Chrissy Do I get music? You did want music? We need the kaboom box Can you stay for a couple more minutes? Are you like I got a life? You're not leaving? We could tease us for two hours You'd be fine Lewis is missing his gig tonight In Gotham Lewis is still anticipating Gotham tonight at 8 o'clock Where's that located again? It's 22nd between 5th and 6th Lewis Black in the studio, we'll be right back Opie and Anthony This is debauchery mania Prostate exams for everyone 1027 WNEW 1027 WNEW It's Opie and Anthony I guess we gotta say goodbye to Lewis Black So Chrissy could get naked for us Oh poor guy I thought we were moving on with a new Segment here, no? He ain't leaving Alright Lewis, see you later Bye everybody Bye everybody Usually he can't wait to get out of here He's looking at the clock the whole time He's on with us usually I never look out on this camera Here we go for another 6 hours Alright we got Chrissy from Rouse.com in the studio And she has been kind enough to Do a little dance for us Anthony Especially for Lewis Black Dance this spring I call it Dance this spring Welcome to the jungle Alright, that works Alright let's get right into it then Alright On Lewis's lap I would find it It might be extremely difficult for me Loading Actually anywhere in there if you feel She can do her thing over there Wherever you need Should we bring a nice comfy chair in for Lewis? A lounge chair You know this is psychotic It's radio What are you people listening to? Now we're going to play something While Lewis, a comic you've never seen Sees a woman get naked That's unbelievable What has happened to this medium? Isn't it ridiculous? It's insane And people are driving along, oh good And do you know something? There are channels Upon channel on your TV if you get A satellite TV that only play music On your TV And we're doing A live nude girl show here on radio See how twisted we've become In the 21st century And after that we're going to do a Gilligan's Island rerun Alright Lewis has got a nice little chair They must really like you Because they didn't give you the lesbian chair The lesbian couch You're left with DNA samples on your pants Believe me You're a kid in your past Alright so Christy from Rouse.com This is something I do normally Because the dollar thing freaks me out Alright here we go Let's crank it up We're cranking up the music in studio Welcome to the jungle For Christy And here she goes She's taking off her little Top thing She's got a little sleeveless White number on it She's dancing Pants are getting unbuckled Oh yeah, okay Wow Alright, she's got the pants off She's wearing a little thong Very cute, a little black thong thing Small in the boob Area, but that's fine Right here Look at that Look at Lewis, he's all set on a heart attack And in a second she will be completely naked The thong coming off She's got her butt facing Lewis This is the first time I've seen Lewis Black speechless Wow Oh she's got the little Hitler mustache shaving job going on Do you like that? Wow Lewis is smiling like he's in a catatonic state Look at her go Tiny girl Very cute though In good shape, black hair About 5'2", 5'3", it Tiny, tiny little Loss of the Loomis now Dancing around Look at that I gotta be honest She looks 14 Did anyone check her ID yet? You really checked the ID For god's sake she does look 14 This girl is of age, isn't she? Okay, we're in enough trouble We don't need any more, man The rock will come in here Arrest us Wow Very, very nice Alright, there she goes Back over to Lewis Lewis just sitting there like he could be at a press conference or a church Wow, there She's bumping and grinding That's Christie Anthony from Rouse.com That's the website that brought you the new pictures of Luba Who's also on our radio show Wow, Lewis is getting that strip club nod in Yes, that strip club nod like yeah, alright What'd he say? It's a long record I believe he's a little embarrassed, Anthony Really? A little bit There shouldn't be any reason for that It's just a naked girl that looks 14 in front of him And Rick of course taking some digital pictures for the Underground website as always We know this is radio and it doesn't really make sense when you hear it in your car But then you go home, you check out the unofficial website and you get to see what we were talking about Oh yeah, absolutely Foundrymusic.com We give our listeners the visual medium, don't we? Alright, what do you think, Lewis? Having fun? Yeah, see, he's nodding He is speechless The guy that has an opinion on everything He's finally speechless He's finally speechless She's like singing to him and stuff Totally naked She don't have a stitch of clothes on though I see that I can't get past the fact that she looks 14 Whoa Alright Yeah Okay Alright, very nice Back on my own mic Also a lot of people checking in because they want to hear the replay of the uncomfortableness that was the rock interview yesterday We're not going to bore you with the whole hour interview but we are going to replay the part where it got very very uncomfortable After our next commercial break Right after commercial break Alright, well right now let's hear it for Christy from Rouse.com Bravo Lewis? I know Any thoughts, anything to say? This is a special moment for all of us I think Yes I mean really this 519, this never happens at 519 Nothing ever happens at 519 You were given that strip club nod What do you do with your, what else, do you smile, what else? You stick your tongue out, what do you do? It's always so uncomfortable when the girl dances like that for you You're like yeah, yeah, that's boobs, yup But then that passes and other things rush through you They're wrong, they're really wrong They're wrong Very good But she was good Yes Terrific No kidding, that was unbelievable Rouse.com Yup Well Lewis, you can hang I will, after that I got to It's up to you but we got to replay that rock thing yesterday But you could give your thoughts if you like We got to replay it It's only like a five minute segment Oh okay, sure Alright Look at Lewis, he's so easy to convince Like five minutes, there'll be a tape on, can we get another dance? We could probably do that There was another girl upstairs that wanted to be a lesbian Did she run away? We'll bring her in in just a few minutes A lesbian? Yeah Are you willing to kiss another girl? No Oh wow, very, very set against that I like men, I'm almost a commit Alright, I was hoping for a love connection, that's okay I feel like a guy Do we have a strap on laying around maybe? Christy, very nice body by the way Thank you Bravo Thank you Alright Alright, more to come, I guess we have a lesbian We got the rock thing from yesterday And more from Lewis Black who's playing at Gotham tonight There was until the last five minutes Yeah, he's going to be here His brain has been erased but he'll try to come up with something tonight He did have all this material work down his head Alright, 8 o'clock show tonight OP and Anthony Is this the best radio you guys can come up with? 1027 WNEW 1027 WNEW, it's OP and Anthony And he does not want to leave Lewis Black everyone, playing Gotham tonight at 8 o'clock And we just took care of our pal that takes care of us Very nice Look how mellow you are now I am He's a new man He's a new man You walked in the studio like you were on Crank and now look at you That's what nudity will do to you Things have changed You don't care about the world and its problems anymore, do you? It doesn't take much to bring me to a screeching wall Look how mellow he is Yeah, it's unbelievable It's great The guy kind of got a little, it's like spinning around It's fun Hey, you're no fun anymore Nudity is like kryptonite to him, you know You just said you were going to play something good Get on with that show of yours He just wants to sit there and savor the moment He's going to make sure it's in his bank bubble for years to come Mike, what's going on? What's up fellas? Alright I was just at Barnes & Noble in Huntington Trying to check out the magazines They had that place completely shut down And they wouldn't let me through So I started yelling the Rock sucks, OP and Anthony And they kicked me out Very good I was walking down the line yelling the Rock sucks Go home OP and Anthony It was great People were giving me the finger It was fun, man We had a good time I didn't see any dimes or anything though I was going to go back with a sign But I figured they would recognize my face and come after me Well, we appreciate the support It was fun, man I think we got a raw deal yesterday You guys definitely did, man He went crazy Oh good That was bad Alright guys, take care Thank you Over and out, Wrangler Boy, that's going back That's a story for another day Actually, push down Paul for a minute We've got to talk to him for two seconds Paul Paul from Airsic Okay Hey Paul Hey, what's up? Hey, that new CD you sent over to the OP and Anthony show You know how they send us CDs, song parodies and stuff Airsic Productions You like that one? Well, I got to explain They get so excited about their material They try to get songs about some of the stuff we're talking about the day before So they FedEx it One day FedEx, right, Louis? It's got to get here fast It's got to get there so the OP and Anthony can play it immediately Right So we got it We're reading some of the names of the tracks on the CD case Going, well, this is relevant This is good I can't wait to hear these Pop it open I guess they wanted to get it out so fast They forgot to put the CD in There was no CD in the case, Paul I know, it's in the mail today now What the fuck You know, the most important thing is the CD I feel like such a dick I open up the CD burner There it is Billy's going to kill me, the hot guy That's funny Hey, I know, hey, Louis I've opened up for you a couple of times at Gov'n as you rock, dude Oh, yeah Paul Bond Oh, hey, how you doing? How you doing, man? Good You know, you gave me the same look when I lap danced for you, too Everyone's a smart ass I love Louis So, Paul, you're playing what, Bananas tonight? Ammon Hatsburkeites, New Jersey If you want to see one of the Essex guys perform live There's no conflict there in between the two of you That's right Camp's okay, I guess we can plug you in I'll be there tonight and tomorrow All right So I appreciate it And the CD is on its way, it's already in the mail You know what Rick said to me? He goes, don't bother FedExing it, we're not here tomorrow Yeah, now we can wait till Monday All right, man Enjoy the show, take care Have a good show tonight Yeah, thanks, you too, Louis Take care Comic talk Oh, the camaraderie between you comics So you don't see each other And then you're talking about each other This guy stole my bit We're a step above guys in clown suits We're waiting for the day where we get along with one other DJ That ain't going to happen That ain't happening No, we tolerate people, that's about it Is that right? Yeah Most DJs are just dicks They got that whole, you know, attitude, the DJ thing We've been to some things where we had to broadcast with about 30 other radio stations Like in LA and all that stuff Oh yeah, what do they call that thing? One interview after another kind of thing Yeah It's like, hey Mitch Gumpstein, how you doing? You can turn the voice off now, paly You know, we're not on the air Hey, how you doing? You're from that station And then they go through all the alphabet super stations they were at How's WGBZ, WGBZ, WGBZ, AKL02 It's like who cares? They always got the voice and the attitude And we don't get along with any of them I'm distracted, there's a really hot girl outside the studio Oh yeah? What is her deal? Is she going to do anything? She's going to really? What's with the guy? She wants to talk to the canoe driver, Anthony I don't think that boat goes to that slip Tell you the truth Oh, over here? Yeah Yeah, I know That's okay, we'll get her in here in a minute Another guy that was at the book signing Tom Yo, what's up? What's up? I was yelling stuff Alright, try again Okay, yeah, I was yelling stuff and they threw me out But you know what I find ironic is in the WWF, man They got John Lester and everything else working for them And you guys can't clown around Well Come on, dude Pat Patterson is a sexual harasser He's the rock buddy Is this that guy again? Are you the guy that That's right, but I used to work for them And I'll tell you right now, I challenge any of them They got some more bad people They set you guys up so bad I see it just by the way he was talking to you guys They were going to set you up because he wasn't even himself This guy called up a couple of months ago And said that he was sexually abused or assaulted I was sexually harassed and when I was a kid I was abused by a ring announcer for the first time From the WWF I feel damaged Wow, that's a lot of damage Let me tell you something You guys can go whatever But they use you like a pole like they use everybody else He knew he was going to do that He was on the view yesterday, the morning Talking about the racial angle This is a total thing, man Where they knew all along they were going to come out And they got all the publicity out of this that they wanted From the New York City area, man They just use you guys I hope that you guys learned your lesson And that they give you guys a couple And try to smooth things over They blew you guys off, man Alright, Tom, thank you I just had it rolling out of the station Alright, well everyone is talking about our interview with The Rock yesterday Anthony, it's big news today We gave our views earlier so we don't want to rehash that part of it But we want to play for all our faithful listeners The very uncomfortable moment I haven't heard this yet So I guess what we're going to do is we're going to start the tape here Where we're still having fun with The Rock Yeah Just joking around and then all of a sudden we're blindsided Absolutely blindsided The Rock all of a sudden making racial accusations And getting all pissed off Alright, so let's go to the tape from yesterday Well that's the funny thing is you didn't even try to be a good guy I mean it just happened Like he'd go out there and say he was the people's champ And the people were like, no you're not You know, you're just like being pompous and saying I'm the people's champ And then after a while it just caught on You brainwashed everybody, you hypnotized them or something So like yeah, he is the people's champ Hey Chris, what do you have for The Rock? Rock, this is one of the millions of fans I was calling to find out what kind of injuries you've ever sustained in the ring In the ring other than a couple of knee injuries Had a couple of surgeries already That done shoulder injuries all the time Pretty much your typical bumps and bruises Yeah, you can see time and time again You see like black and blue marks on some of the wrestlers From going off the ring and everything What about when you flip over the top? What's that do to you? Well, you won't see too much flipping over the top from The Rock Not like the Hardy Boys or anything like that They get into it That ladder match is still one of the most amazing things I've ever seen We got Sickboy in the studio He's like a wrestling expert You got a quick question for The Rock there, Sickboy? He's been chomping at the bit all afternoon Yeah, I was actually kind of curious about What you thought about the MTV special over the summer They had the feature on Tony Atlas Who was your dad's tag team partner I was kind of wondering if you saw that And what you thought about They kind of highlighted some of the hard times That Tony's gone through over the years And him talking about being so desperate That he wanted to kill himself and all that And just what your thought on it was With your dad being his partner Well, before The Rock actually answers I just had a curiosity The Rock's heard of your name The Rock's got a question for you Regarding your website Oh no Actually I had no idea it was you Who goes by the name of Sickboy But it was brought to my attention last night From the office at your website There's a lot of racist comments And I just want to hear about that And for the most part I just want to know It sounds like all you guys are friends And if you guys have known that this is a guy Who has racist comments on his website And if in fact you guys are behind that Oh, I've seen his website A few times He's got a bunch of writers on there And I think they just open it up to everything Yeah, I don't think there's anything Ever been racist No more than any of the humor that goes on in this show Wait now, don't blame our show Don't want us into that Well, I'll tell you what You know, after it was read A couple of lines were read yesterday They obviously called me read a couple of lines Four mates said something like The Rock being half black, half Samoan And they said, go rob houses or eat food Or whatever it is And send Jack Lins from the jungle And Mark Henry something about Him being a gorilla or a monkey Or something like that Elaborate on that If that's the case, if you guys are behind this guy Then really I really don't even want to be here For that matter And I certainly don't want to talk to you I mean, this is nothing that's been written by me I've got a staff of 15 writers that are on the site And the site is done as an entertainment site You know, adding humor and just commentary On what goes on in wrestling I haven't seen anything that was racist on the site If there was anything that I ever saw as being too extreme It would be gone in a heartbeat You know, there's been plenty of stuff Well, being saying that Jack Lins is from the jungle And Mark Henry is a monkey And whether or not The Rock wants to rob houses Because he's half black or he wants to eat Because he's half Samoan Quite frankly, I find that offensive Well, I haven't seen that I mean, I haven't seen those posts at all I'll be honest, I've never read any of that I mean, I've never seen one thing up on my site That would ever be racist Because that's not, you know, that's not how I was raised And that's not how I would run a website While it's on there? Well, I haven't seen it on there If it's on there, it will absolutely be removed But, you know, I absolutely do not condone Nor do I, you know, support any of the statements made And if, you know, somebody on there has made racist comments Like that, they're absolutely going to be fired Can I make an excuse? Whoa, really? Wow All right Well, for the most part, it's one of those things where Again, I was contacted, I was made aware of it And the office was made aware of it And quite frankly, I don't want to have anything to do with you I don't want to answer your questions And if you guys have anything to do with this guy Quite frankly, I don't want to have anything to do with you guys Honestly, I've never read any of that stuff on the site And that's the most honest truth Well, we have, yeah, we have them on whenever we have wrestlers on He's an expert, knows a lot about it, we have that on I don't know anything about any racist postings Like I said, we don't condone that either Well, I was bumped by a tension last night And it was read to me over the phone in detail When you have an open forum, especially on the Internet There's not really much you can do about that Well, apparently it was from the writers who you must employ Well, they're not paid writers at all They're hired based on their writing skills But if I had known somebody was posting that kind of crap Well, I apologize for anything that you may have taken offense to I absolutely do not condone that type of writing Especially on my website It's something that I put a lot of hard work into And it's been up for two years now And we've put a lot of energy and a lot of money into it To make it something to be proud of And for something like that to be on It's a black eye to the site and it's a black eye to me And I apologize to you and Jacqueline and anybody else from the WWF If somebody had made a comment like that to them Then they will absolutely be gone You mean African-American site? Alright, enough with that Wow, boy that sure turned around quick I'm going to go ahead and say that I'm going to go ahead and say that I'm going to go ahead and say that Wow, boy that sure turned around quick Look at that What the hell are you doing? So what else guys? Let's wrap this up Yeah, no problem God damn You ruined our interview with The Rock What the hell? We were all having fun Alright Well, we still want to thank you for coming by I appreciate it Absolutely I hope you don't hit us No, I mean if you know this I am giving you my word You don't know much about me But I honestly have never read anything like that on his website And that is my word Not backing down or anything I've never read anything like that And that's the God's honest truth I believe it's there, I'm not going to lie But you know, if you say it's there I was pretty much there For the most part, again I was bought to my attention last night I sat on the phone for a good couple of hours And made the publicist aware I had no idea it was him But I appreciate you guys having me on Thank you Okay, book signings starting at And there it was from yesterday That's weird Isn't that weird? What a difference a day makes Thank God Lewis came here to give us some humor If we had a naked girl yesterday I think everything would have been fine And The Rock's a little angry with the races Oh Christ, look, boobies And everything's cool The Rock apologizes for calling you a racist Bring on the gash We talked about it the first hour of the show today But basically, what pisses me off And we did say right from the start of today's show If he wants to come back on our show today By phone or live, I don't care I'll say this to his face as well Not anymore But I think the guy Statue of Libertation I said it earlier, I think the guy's a pussy Because, oh my God No, no, no, he's a stoke I said it to his face And we did say he could come back And I'll tell you why Because after that whole segment was done And we went to commercials Any man would have stayed behind And maybe talked for a few more minutes That guy turned his head and I'm sorry to say from listening to that The only people that sounded like pussies Were me, you and Sickboy Well, we said that earlier too We were blindsided I didn't know where that was coming from It's yours I mean, you know, we're going to say Glad you came in and then you're going to go Yeah, yeah, we are Really glad Please don't beat us up, you huge man I mean, you got a professional wrestler The guy's giant Sitting there, seeing him every week on TV Like three times a week And, you know, you get blindsided like that It's kind of hard to come back with something And we're guilty by association I never even saw what he was talking about That's what pisses me off That's the weirdest thing I mean, you saw it Nobody else Well, I thought a lot about it last night While watching some Amos and Andy reruns It was Check, please Bellboy, this bag is full But he wants to talk about stereotyping And stuff like that What does he look at the company he works for? I mean, we have no problem with what the WWF does But why don't you start with your job? Yeah, they got a guy called the Godfather That comes out and says The black guy, pimping ain't easy He's a pimp He comes out with four hoes These strippers that come out with them Anybody want a piece of my fine hoes? Pimpin' ain't easy I'll be pimping 24-7 Like these total black stereotypes But that's okay Because it's the company that's writing the rocks check Yeah, they exploit stereotypes And I have no problem with that But, yeah, exactly They cut to checks So he's not going to say anything in house there Isn't it a little weird how he didn't even break character though? Because he wasn't in character the whole time But that whole thing, how he talks about himself in third person Didn't stop Like usually somebody would say Hey, I'm not going to answer your question Because the things that you put on your website pissed me off He's like, well, the rock isn't going to answer your questions Because the rock was informed about this And the rock is a little Well, who are you talking about? Bring the rock in and we'll talk about it with him And he's still talking about himself in third person It's a little weird, isn't it? Yes, it is I think he does that all the time I think he does that in bed with his life The rock's slamming you right now The rock's giving you a good one, isn't it? So take your head job from between your legs Because you guys are by the biggest marks in the business Biggest marks? What do you mean, biggest marks? You guys are the biggest fans You know, you talked a big game today But yesterday you guys were clamming up there We explained it all earlier And you guys were like, what's going on? And we gave him the form again today You know, because now we're a little more prepared About what he wanted to bring up And we're ready to go Ready to go We did say that He could come right in here right now Now that we have 15 guys with us I know, yesterday it sounded like you guys were ready to get on that motorcycle together You know what I'm talking about? Right, hop on the jet ski I'm pissed off at myself I'm totally freaking pissed off at myself Oh Totally We completely came off like we backed down And just gave in We came off trying to sound like we were trying to explain ourselves And we're stuttering, muttering You're stuttering, muttering, spiding You're stuttering, muttering, prick, I'll get you again I have long memories of the SmackDown Hotel We were just in shock I just couldn't believe it was going on All right? Okay guys All right, bye What do you got Mark? What about yesterday as he's plowing through the millions and millions of fans out here Mark steps up to him and goes, hey, would you like to cut an ID for the Open Amity Show? Jesus Christ You got some set of balls Mark He's going to go punch me? He could have They say he has an age problem Ed, what's going on? Hey, I just wanted to say I just wanted to say the same thing you said You know, there was a lot of confidence and everything It was just hard to hear because you could hear a sound of knees knocking in the background I'm not going to lie I was like, because I mean I did some research on the guy The guy has an age problem I sound like a setup I have to use some baby powder from the rash I got from wetting myself To tell you the truth when I got home Take care guys Look, you guys sounded I would want to get in a room with a professional wrestler Nah I mean the concept is a little odd Just ask Richard Belser That's on Hulk Hogan like he chokes them out Yeah, no They're not It's a completely psychotic Now I'm mad again They've got a restaurant in my corner Oh yeah Because you know what when I think World Wrestling Federation and this thing I think is food You know We're cordially invited To run, to make noise I think, God, you know what? I need chicken wings God in heaven They yelled about Disney coming in What about them? How nuts is that? Two blocks from my home If I'd known that when I was a kid that this is what I was going to end up at I would have killed myself Paul from right around the corner You guys sounded so guilty and like such pussies Like little school kids being scolded by the teacher See, that's how I feel that at least I came off I'm not very happy with the way we handled that yesterday Well maybe you can spend some time in church over the weekend I think I will, I'll light a candle for myself I think I'm going to Hey Joe, what's up? I have a confession to make I had to speak in, this is the best in my wrestling Hey, what's up? Hey, you are a genius man Thank you, thank you I read this guy's posts, they're hysterical They are really fun We have a public service announcement from The Rock I just like to take this opportunity to thank The Rock Because yesterday we were at 5,000 hits, now we're at 20,000 hits 20,000 hits You guys are a bunch of pussies if you don't put the posting up Oh please, once they realize it they're not going to get sued Everything will be back up Our big gimmick will be making fun of The Rock from now on Cool I have something else to say Thank you Joe What The Rock is cooking What a fricking moron He is the biggest hypocrite on the face of the earth I think yeah, I agree with you I don't blame you guys, you're in a bad position I wouldn't I'm sorry, I'm just locked up and trying to get in all day I didn't really care about that I was in shock The guy who works for this racist company on the face of the earth He makes his money off doing those kinds of things What's he going to say about a website that's basically praising him Making a few jokes This is a bunch of crap Thank you Joe Matt Oh Matt, I'm sorry New rule man Oh that's McBeth? Dude you've got to read some of his posts, they're hysterically funny Like he's got this whole thing now on here I guess Public service announcement from The Rock He wrote it, he puts these pictures of The Rock's action figure And he talks like he's The Rock and stuff Like this guy's got a set of balls, he don't care It's pretty funny Pete what's up? Hey Pete His action figure Did we lose Pete? Hey Pete what do you got? Oh it's Tom by the way Oh Tom, it says Pete on the screen, sorry Dude I'm about to go work the book signing You guys want me to do something like ex-wrestling all over or something? Just whisper in his ear, Opie and Anthony say hi I apologize to him for you guys No I ain't about apologizing to him at all I apologized yesterday and that's always getting out of me I didn't even really apologize, I was trying to tell him what I knew which was nothing It doesn't matter, this book sucks man, I read it Terrible There's a lot of pictures in it so Yeah, 5B is in WWF, he's got no story He made it big from the start, he's going to end big Alright Pete What story do you tell? What is the story? I'm going to win, he's going to lose, what's the story? I exercised for a while, I ate a lot of that bionic crap I got bloated muscles, then I was up against the tick We had to sign a contract and then I want, what is the story? It's about 8 pages You remember the tick cartoon Anthony? Hell yeah That was the, you know what man, I like that cartoon Oh sorry, what's going on? My man, I heard yesterday, I was kind of, come on man What? Why were you apologizing to him bro? You should have threw him out of the studio man You should have threw him out, you should have said, you know what? We have nothing to do with the website The man you want to speak to is right in front of you And he's my friend and if you have a problem with that You know let's talk about it off mic You know what I'm saying? You went around and turned to the other guy You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? You turned it into one of those fake W's You know what I'm saying? How soon before the WWF goes bankrupt kid? That's why I think he's a pussy for not even discussing it after the fact when we're in commercials He should have man, he should have said, you know what let's talk about it He busted out crying like a little baby Little bitch Come on man And that was going to happen, you guys have been getting good press in the magazines and everything That was going to happen with that Well everyone's like, you better just like not talk about the incident today on your show There's a bunch of people around here A bunch of people around here Yo man, it's lame for that I mean come on It's too real, it happened to us, we gotta like discuss it you know Alright old dirty, anything else about it? Nah man, I mean I was surprised man I thought it was like a setup or something, like a joke I thought it was a bit man I said oh watch, he's going to take, he's going to flip or something That's why we started laughing when he first said I got a problem with your website I thought something funny was going to finally come out of his mouth Aye, aye, aye, never a dull moment Alright my friends Thank you Alright baby This could go on forever I mean that's all anyone wants to talk about but He just bolted out Let's take a break Anthony Okay That's how it went down yesterday Okay Fran is 84 years old Rick you cannot have oral sex with Fran, I'm sorry No anal is okay Brainwreck Radio The Opiean Anthony Show 1027 WNEW 1027 WNEW, it's Opiean Anthony still in the studio Lewis Black who's playing at Gotham tonight at 8pm We don't know where Gotham is Anthony 22nd between 56 22nd between 56 The Rock is down there Yeah sure, The Rock is opening up The Rock, I do a comedy act, I'm The Rock I just call myself The Rock all night, check it out I'm third person, or he's third person He's The Rock Alright, well we have a girl in here who's 18 and she wants to be a lesbian for a day But the problem is we only have one girl so that's going to be a little tough I don't know if that becomes all other species we could find I mean Christy is still here but she's not into women If she was into women for like 5 minutes we'd give the website a real nice plug or something If she dances for Lewis I'll kiss her If she dances for Lewis you'll kiss her? That's right Alright, I'm good You're game? I'm game Alright, bring out the chair, bring back in the book box Get over there I could have left Oh no, perish that thought You thought he was mellow now he's about to pass out This is unbelievable Alright, now you can't leave We have a very cute 18 year old girl here We have another girl that looks like she's 14 Yeah she's got something to say I'm just kidding with you You're not taking off your what? Not all my clothes You're taking these off? Okay, why does it look like you're making popcorn in your underwear? No That's okay That's okay Well Opie has a tendency of opening his mouth before people open their zippers Alright, I'll keep my mouth shut Yeah Please I don't ruin things Oh there we go She even had a song and everything I'm just going to take the shoesies off Alright She's taking off her top This could be pretty good Pants coming down She's stacked Pants coming off We are getting videotapes for the artificial website Wow Pretty cool That is very nice Cool Cool Undies kind of Back to the bra Here we go The flash Anthony Wow Very nice Very nice Very nice Well Christy she danced for Lewis Christy from Rouse.com You better not be all talk I'm not Yeah those are 18 year old boobs Very nice Definitely Alright I'm putting my clothes back on Without the clothes Oh you want to take pictures Yes I get it Why not Oh yeah, Lewis is still here We've got them tonight Anthony 8 o'clock show 22nd between 5th and 6th Alright So Christy who's never kissed a girl before And Nicole And Nicole has never kissed a girl before So it's like a quick little lesbian for a day thing here Get a real one going you know No like crap Here you go Very sensitive Wow Going at it They're completely making out Wow Yeah a little more would be very nice Look at the camera crew It's like the paparazzi You guys are blocking Lewis' You're blocking Lewis' view Like it's you know Put your hands on each other I didn't do that far Go ahead Trust us You liking that? It's pretty good Christy did you like that? Well I got to be honest For men It's not bad But there's not much of a difference It's not even true Girls are just so weird I mean you're not going to see two guys just do that You know I prefer girls But that wasn't too bad You're just not going to ever ever ever see that I thought we'd get Opie and Anthony to do it That'll happen in the Zara world Is it snowing in hell? Even if it was Exactly It wouldn't matter Yeah I got lipstick I got lipstick In the world it wouldn't happen Did that arouse you at all? Was it pretty good? It was alright Not around them No? We weren't talking to you That wouldn't have worked I'm just saying it might have worked We're getting all bad on my ass over here And Lewis Black looks like he could be Like an extra in Awakenings or something Over there In a catatonic state Well that was very nice Yeah, bravo We didn't expect that to happen We got to thank Nicole for coming in with her little Tight 18 year old body Anthony That's pretty good I hope she's 18 And Kristy from Rouse.com Alright? Alright Alright let's take another break Back to our seats Lewis anything else we can do for you today? No No This has been really a high-flying one of my life It's going to be the next The next Back in Black on Comedy Central Just going to be like And here's Lewis Black You got to realize you walk across town to do this Every time I come in here nobody's here And all of a sudden 5,000 people show up Now you're getting action I'm going to make it out It's like it's like it's like it's like It's tamering But the best part about it is they both never kissed a woman before Yeah What? Reapplying the lipstick there I don't want to walk out on the street and look like I've been making out with her Alright Well very nice Well Lewis should we let you go? I think I'm going to have to go You can stay as long as you want but I figured I'd give you the out It's been a pleasure though And here's Lewis Black from The Daily Show on Comedy Central He does Back in Black still every Wednesday night And he's playing Gotham all weekend long starting tonight at 8 o'clock 22nd Street between 5th and 6th You got it very good It's Lewis Black everybody It's boring It's boring It's bad The OVN Anthony Show 1027 WNEW It's OVN Anthony Hey Got to thank the very funny Lewis Black for stopping by today He's always always a pisser He's got a friggin control He's a great friend of the show too Earlier he was just doing some top shelf stuff Anthony Yeah Alright that's a friggin sick boy He's just got like this whole posting that he put up on his site And he titles it Is that a train? And it's about the whole thing His whole views on Dwayne Johnson I guess he would not refer to him as the rock anymore Us and how we and him handle the situation Other websites that have bashed him and us Getting their facts wrong Pretty cool post I'm wondering he says he wants to personally thank us for not dumping the blame on him Because they could have easily done it to cover their acid As a friend of the show and a guest of the show I have an unlimited amount of respect for those guys Good thank you Will this BS affect my relationship with the show? It doesn't matter one damn bit Are you doing a rock thing there sick boy? Will it affect the show? It doesn't matter No he says it doesn't matter a bit But no sick boy it will not affect our relationship Your relationship with the show No definitely not Alright Chuck are you there? Yo what's up? What's up Chuck? I thought you guys would put Lewis in a coma Maybe I could have got him spotted at the Gotham Club That's Chuck You know Lewis is very intense If you ever see him on stage His veins are popping and his glasses fogging up You guys drained all his energy man What kind of show are they going to get? Believe me he gives it all every time You should see the veins popping and his eyes popping out from two feet away It's frightening You know what you guys should have got the rock to cut the ID And then you can go yo Hey this is the rock whenever I'm driving away from a robbery In my stolen car and eating fried chicken I like to listen to opening hands Oh my god And Chuck please can it be said that you are a black man? With these racist comments if it will help our cause Chuck is a black guy Yeah I'm an octoroon I'm not a half breed though Alright Chuck after today we're not going to be talking much about the rock at all But I got to give it to you man You got you you you grew some balls overnight man You calling the rock a pussy and everything Yeah let's him walk through the door Yeah but I preface it by saying look I would say this to him And he's more than welcome to come in and we'll confront him again You know what screw the rock man you know what I'm saying I can say that because I'm miles away So you know if you got any problems with him screw the rock You know who the hell is the rock Alright it was just ugly yesterday Nah you guys you did the right thing truthfully after listening to it again You really you really didn't pussy out because he was a guest in your house You know what I mean and you guys were treating him that way You were treating him like you were trying to be polite You were trying to but I got to say you did stand your ground Because you went look dude I'm going to tell you man to man We didn't know we don't know anything about that but you know we stand behind this guy And we know that he wouldn't put anything like that on the site And then sick boy was like hey I don't know anything about it What more could he want you know what I mean truthfully And honestly I don't care how big he is he's no man in my eyes anymore Because I mean after the show or his segment he had every opportunity to really discuss the issue If he really felt like it and he walked away like a crybaby And on top of that We're not even saying bye after we like I don't care I know you're going to start to train you ass But let me make my point I don't care what he says to me Hey look apologize screw him That's it Well what pisses me off is he walked away like a crybaby Like I said let me just face this you ass I knew it was going to do this to me And I don't blame him because it's enough already But you know after promoting his appearance in his book for 50-55 minutes You know what I mean Right Hey I don't hear a drink coming to us Chuck I'm trying to save your life I'll take it for the day Get off get off Oh boy Ow Is this a rebroadcast of yesterday's show Did we lose Chuck for good Bob Alright I'm speeding away from Huntington I'm from low and half brand You're speeding away from Huntington why They started giving out tickets for people They had too many people waiting there Oh really They couldn't fit him in his ego and his man boobs Alright We did learn the rock had liposuction on his boobs We learned that yesterday We did That's the rumor I was happy to hear about That's why I wore the shirt for a year Alright Bob Rock sucks you guys rule Thanks Thank you to Christy Johnson for coming by Thank you You've got our pictures on the website Yes The unofficial website anthonyfoundrymusica.com That will be later tonight And of course at rouse.com Thank you Christy And where's She just went to wipe off her mouth I got her good Alright What was her name again Nicole We got to thank Nicole for coming in and being a quick lesbian for a day Next Friday with another chick Yeah I think we got like three or four girls coming down next Friday So we're really going to do up the lesbian couch next week Nicole thank you You have any plugs or anything You want to plug anything No Okay she's alright Alright thanks for stopping by alright We're going to take a quick musical break It's been a long day But a great week of radio Anthony Absolutely Still to come on today's show It's the end of the week Anthony Yeah it's a good one Stick around for that it's sound guarded Outshine 1027 WNEW Okay Anthony We are the speakers Hey ass turn down your radio 1027 WNEW Hi Hi who's this Hey it's Craig from WALTAM Hey Craig guess what Oh did I win You are the 100th call Oh no I didn't That's what I won I won What no way you're kidding right 107th 107th call and congratulations 100 grand oh my god You just won 100 grand bro Oh Jesus you know what I'm going to do with that What are you going to do with 100 grand Oh man the first thing I have this old Oh I cannot I got to calm down calm yourself I am the winner I'm the winner I'm the winner I'm going to win A new truck I got to get a new one A new truck Wait wait dude how are you going to do that with a candy bar What How are you going to do that with a candy bar We just gave you a hundred grand candy bar What do you mean We gave away a hundred grand It's a candy bar bro Congratulations You just won a candy bar I've been listening to fucking radio I'm going to the bathroom! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Congratulations, man! Uh-oh. He was pissed. Opie and Anthony. Can I get these illiterates off the air, please? Please, sir. If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen. 1027 WNEW. Hey, Anthony. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Yes, people losing weight with Stacker 2 all the time, Opie. You remember during the summer when they were with us? And, uh, we got calls from a bunch of people that lost a lot of weight. They're back with the Opie and Anthony show. Especially after the holidays. Perfect timing, guys. Yeah, you've stuffed your gourd. Now you're all fat. You gotta lose the weight. What are you gonna do? Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. And it also gives you a boost of energy if you're feeling sluggish through the day. And, uh, damn, what's that third one? Oh, oh! It cuts down on the craving to a snack. Very good. Oh, wow, I almost forgot it again. Which all adds up to what, Anthony? Losing weight. Bravo. Yes. Check out Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner at www.stacker2.com. That's stacker2.com. Or give them a call at 1-800-LIGHTLINE, Anthony. 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Thousands have proven it works. Give them a call. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1027 WNEW. It's Opie and Anthony. And I'm rocking through this FU Friday. Yes. We gotta welcome Seton Hall basketball to the program, Anthony. We do. Big fans of the radio show. We're gonna be doing a lot with those guys in the next month or two. I believe we're gonna have a trip to the Final Four that we're gonna give away in the near future. So keep listening to us for details. But right now what I can do for our faithful listeners is give away a pair of tickets to see the Seton Hall Pirates versus Miami. Tuesday night at the Continental Arena. Tickets available through Ticketmaster, but we do have a pair of tickets with your name on it. If you're the 10th caller at 212-757-1027, Spaz will get that winner, okay? Couple more things we gotta do on the show here. What are you laughing at? Somebody sent one of these things. You know, one of those bulk email things that usually aren't funny. And they were kind of a couple of funny things. 17 ways women fail in bed. Robots. When, uh, wah-wah on a guy's wah-wah, meh. Just get on the end of the thing and jam your head back and forth. Oh my God, that's terrible. Well, and everyone talking about John Rocker. Yeah. So we gotta break out the tune that Airsick Productions did for us. We didn't think we'd ever have to play this again now that, you know, the Braves and baseball's behind us. But with all the... He's such a big tool that he's still in the news. That, uh, that we can play the song again. So here it goes from the guys from Airsick.net. Check it out. Rocker is on a mission to pistol all New York. If he keeps on dissin', he'll end up out fighting song. Rocker's a hillbilly who couldn't spell his own last name. In reading is his way of life. Remember from where we came, his mind insists on the same. We know there's no doubt. All of New York hates John Rocker. Wish your plane went down. All of New York hates John Rocker. Don't care if you're found dead. Or should what it be, a shocker should go poor and down. All of New York hates John Rocker. Oh yeah! All of New York hates John Rocker. Come on! All of New York hates John Rocker. And there it goes from the guys at Airsick.net. Anthony? That's a great little tune they put that to. Uh, well, you know, that leads up to Bit of the Week. We might as well blow out Bit of the Week now. All right. Uh, Ricky Martin was in the paper this week. And then did we go off, huh? Picture him with his little blonde hair, sitting on the, uh, on the beach with a guy pal, right? Yeah. All right, well, let's go back to the tape. All right, Bit of the Week? Bit of the Week, hands down, voted by you, our faithful listeners, okay? All right, check it out.