 I'm used to the crazy people. Oh, don't ever underestimate the psycho factor in my head. Are you mental? No! It's our show! I'm a mad man! I'm getting hit! That's wrong. You sound like a stalk-raving mad person. No! She's getting hit! No! No! Don't ever underestimate the psycho factor in my head. No! Oh, B.N.A. How can you tell who's sane and who's insane? O.B. and Anthony. 1027 W.N.E.2W. We're all starting three college students in the haunted woods in Maryland. And now it continues with two DJs in the streets of Harlem. We're gonna bring like a DAT recorder and we're gonna record our day in Harlem. It was just supposed to be a goofy radio pitch. I'll find a tape with years later. Hahaha! That's precisely what happened. And this is what they found. What is that? Oh! Oh my God! What's that sound? You cracker! Get the f*** out of my motherf***ing car, b***h! Oh my God! Gosh! See what happens when whiney goes to the hood? What? It's a pile of crack pipes outside our tent! What does it mean? I'm sorry. I came up here. I'm sorry. What is that? Yeah, just a goofy radio pitch. I'm scared. This project. You gotta give up your Anthony a lot of credit. We punish ignorance. Hey, a**, turn down your radio! Talking about Steel Reserve High Gravity Logger. Well, there's a problem. In the community! As Reverend Al so eloquently puts it. That this Steel Reserve High Gravity Logger, the ads are racing. They show two tortoise having sex. And that's racing? And it says research shows sex sells. Well, I guess it's racist putting such distasteful ads in only certain neighborhoods. So they think you don't see these ads on park ads. It's all about supplying demand. I guess there's a demand for this stuff in the community. Alright, so this is the beer everyone's talking about. The High Gravity Steel Reserve. Can I have one? You know what's funny? Remember when I said earlier in the show? I said is Budweiser available in some of the communities that only handle Steel Reserve like Harlem? And somebody said yeah, but it's an import. It's only available as an import. Alright, here we go. Let me crack open. Wait. With a fine twist off top. 8.1 proof. Whoa! No, it's got 8.1% alcohol. Oh, okay. Wow, 12 ounces. Nice and cold. Wait a minute. First of all, this color is a little off. Doesn't it look like a urine specimen? Oh, wait a minute. I seem to have given you the wrong job. I've been watching some In Living Color. Alright, High Gravity Steel Reserve. Let's take a swig. Wow. That's disgusting. Goddamn! Where Goddamn? Now that's good stuff. All of a sudden you start talking black when you drink this. No, wait a minute. Hey, this stuff is potent. Holy smoke. It's strong. This is strong. Yeah, it's strong. It's stronger when it's warm. Oh, I bet. I don't like it. Damn. Do you like it, Ed? It's not awful bad like Meisterbrau or something. No. This is like the other side of the spectrum. I don't know. I drink this in the cold on a street corner or something. Maybe that's why it's got more alcohol in it. No, I'm serious. Maybe after you've already had six years. But if I was at home and I was enjoying an after-dinner brew, this wouldn't be the one I'd go for. I am outraged! Oh, no. I am outraged! Reverend Allen. I am outraged! What the hell are you doing in the studio? I see you drinking the steel reserve high-gravity lager. Well, we want to try it. There's a lot of controversy about this stuff. This is a plot, a conspiracy by the white man. Why is that? 8.1% alcohol. Yeah. Well, obviously, they want the homeless to drink this. So when they die on the streets, they's already in bombs. You got an extra bottle. Hey, this stuff pretty good. You can have mine. Wow, steel reserve. That's just not happening for me at all. Hey, leave the music on. It's kind of a soundtrack. I like it. But Doug has brought us something else here, too, to try out. Oh, yeah. Steel reserve. Boy, I drank two sips and I'm tanked. It went right to my head. What else did you bring? He brought a black and tan beer called Howling Monkey. Oh, come on. Look at the label. Where's my? Where? Hi, where's my Howling Monkey? Dude, look at the label. It's a monkey in a suit. It is. It's planted in the egg. My God. The label is adorned with the image of Dr. Zayas. Damn you. Damn. Let me partake in some of this howling monkey. Damn, it's not bad. My God, the image of Dr. Zayas staring back at me. Damn you all to hell. I can't be drinking Howling Monkey. But I'm strangely drawn to it. Drawn to the Howling Monkey as I was drawn to Zere. Lovely Zera. Gordon Giles never knows. He will never know what happened between me and Zera. We drank a case of Howling Monkey. And then I turned her into a Howling Monkey. Yes, I dropped my loin cloth. She saw the man with no hair on his body. I gave her some of Charten's meat. I partook in monkey meat while drinking Howling Monkey. Damn me to hell. I like the Howling Monkey. Is it better than the Steel Reserve? What's the alcohol content on me? Shut this music. Give me Reverend Al's and I'll go back to the Steel Reserve. Alright. I need a little more Steel Reserve. Wait a minute. Give that to me. Alright, here's Steel Reserve. Yep, yep. Steel Reserve definitely stronger. Steel Reserve definitely stronger. It's got a stronger taste to it. Ah, that's gross. The Howling Monkey, you don't like it? You don't like the Howling Monkey? No, that's a better one. Now is this sold in the black community still? Is this in the community? This was around here. We could get this around here. Oh, it is? Alright, damn. I don't know. Well, the Steel Reserve will get you snotted. It's not good that much. Let me tell you, if I was impoverished and had a lot of problems and had to worry about crime and shootings in my community and raising my children and sending them to a school where they might be shot or stabbed, I would drink the Steel Reserve. I think that's an endorsement for the Steel Reserve. Yo, man, slide a piece of the bottle to drink sot on the job. Steel Reserve, it's I. Okay, you could like some conflict. Piss me off, okay? 1027 WNEW Hey, Ann, your mom did say I was hot. Aw, come on, Mom, don't bang on. You f*** my mom, I'm f***ing yours. Oh, this is disgusting. I say lay back and enjoy it. What the hell about your pocket ride? Both he and that's gonna be hot c*** for real motherf***ers. Alright, Derek, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey. Hey, listen, I know something you should never, ever, ever do in bed. Okay. I'm married to a black chick. Yeah. Does she appreciate that? So listen, while in bed, we're going at it. I mean, shot Zulu style. She's going absolutely nuts. She's screaming, she's going crazy. Of course, I get a little excited. My head turns to mush. So I tell her, put a little n***r in here. Oh my God. Her head snaps around, a dreadlock hits me in the face. I'm telling you, we went from playing Jungle Fever to being in a jungle safari. It was like a tiger hunting me, chasing me around the house. Wait, wait, wait. What exactly did you mean by put a little n***r in it? Well, black girls have a little ribbon to them that white girls don't have. And once they start dropping it on you like that, you don't know where you are. So I guess you wasn't doing that. So you figured you'd get her to do it by saying that? Oh my God. I was calling her African princess. Come on, my little black princess. And then I said n***r into it. Holy. You have no idea. I can only imagine. I'm telling you, she turns into one of those shockzulu looking chicks. Shockzulu? Her teeth flared up, her nose... What you talking about? I'm a lawyer and a diva. God knows no one tells me to put a little n***r in it. I'll whoop your ass. Hell yeah. Too stupid. You know how much money I'm making to suck this mad? You little freak. Anthony. I find you repulsive. Whoah. Hopi and Anthony. G1027. WNEW. Yadda-dadda-dadda. Now, Chris, my oney darlin'zy, snarlin'zy. I was being offensive. Yadda-doodle-dee. Gabble-dee-goo. Greaseman, you really gotta get another job, because we're sick of having you on our show here. Waddle-daddle, please hire me. Somebody hire me, the Greaseman, for a radio show. Well, I hear that you're looking at a job for Crayola. Well, yes. With Crayola, I should say. Well, actually, the Greaseman is coming out with his own line of crayons-y. Racially insensitive crayons-y. I looked in the paper this morning, I saw... The Greaseman saw that Crayola is removing Indian Red from their box of crayons. Because it's not politically correct and they don't want to take off any people. Insensitive to the Indians, as we like to call them, the cowboy killers. I remember as a cowboy slinging lead against the Indians, their arrows pushing over my head, the red skin. But yes, very, very upset about Indian Red in the crayon box. So Crayola pulled it. Well, they're gonna continue making the color. They want people to come up with a new name for that color. Yeah. Let's see. How about Kimo Sabe? Yeah. Yaddle-doodle. Snarling. Bone dry, bone dry. Yeah. You're just not politically correct, Greaseman. I'm hoping to get some money with my new crayon line. Oh, yeah? Yes. Greasola crayons. Greasola crayons. And a sharpener on his side makes the crayons as pointy as my head. Yaddle-doodle, bone dry, bone dry. Yeah. Now, could you name some of the crayons that you will be offering? Well, let's say a young child. A little young waif wants to draw the sun. Oh, that's nice. Sure. What? Just a big circle. And you color it in with some chink yellow. And of course, you can't complete the scene without maybe some flowers basking in the heat of that chink yellow sun. Oh, that would be nice. Sure. Right. So you draw some tulips. Okay. You use homo pink. Homo pink, yeah. A shade of pink loved by bone smugglers everywhere, yeah. Yaddle-doodle, doodle-dye. How about Polish purple? Ah, Polish purple sounds neat. Polish purple. Why Polish purple, though? Well, look, it's green. Yiddle-doodle-dye. The crazy polox can't get the colors right, yeah. Nick, Nick green. That's the color of the shamrocks. That's right. Nick green, Nick green, bone dry, bone dry, yeah. Yaddle-doodle. Wow. And of course, wet-back brown. Of course. And then of course, I have the special Italian crayon there. And what's that? Look, it's a grease pencil. Greasy little dago pencil. Yaddle-doodle-dye. Bone dry, bone dry. Very nice. Oops, I'm being removed from my seat by CBS brass. So it's happening again, Dan. Whoa. Yaddle-doodle-dye. They're yanking out of the studio again. Whoa, look at that. CBS bosses dragged him out again. He's going to go back on his apology tour. Greasola crayon. Greasola crayon. Boy, that's kind of cute, huh? A little insensitive there. Big time. All right. Opie and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. We got channel two news on. There's Mark. The hugest wow sign. This is like, you know, There he is. It's a huge wow sign. Move over. Move over. Move over. Oh, yeah. What is this? We're just jumping around like we're nuts. Wait, wait, wait. What's up, you fags? What happened, Mark? What happened, Mark? Come see me. You're stuck in the middle. You look like a stock-raising lunatic. You're in classes. Mark can't be doing this. What the hell, you boys, is you interrupting our own new broadcast? You know we're going to get in trouble by the company. Yeah, I know. Chance, whip them out. Whip them out. Mark, she's very mad at me. You tell her go to... Are you doing this job? Five months. No, I'm not. I'm just hanging out. I should be allowed to do your job. I should be allowed to do Mark's. I almost pissed in my pants. That was the funniest thing I've seen in a very, very long time. Mark, I got one question for you. Yeah. How do you walk around with that set, you guys? What do you like, walk around like John Wayne, Swain? Yeah, I just want to know, guys, when is the farewell show going to be? That's why you're going to listen every day. This could be it right here today. You never know. Someone get this pen out of my nose. All right, it's 1027 WNEW. It's the O&A show. Hey, man. Better known as the Opie and Anthony show. And we are live. Yes, we are. It's January 17, 2000. Yeah. It's MLK Day. Yes, it is. And we're going to play a couple more songs, and we're going to get the festivities rolling along, Anthony. We'll let everybody in on the secret, or not really secret. I know a lot of people are making wages, so we will have the results when we get back. Did Opie pussy out, or did he actually get his eyes done? You'll find out next. In the meantime, it's Ozzy 1027 WNEW. This is debauchery mania. Prostate exam for everyone. 1027 WNEW. Yeah, we are here. It's the Opie and Anthony show, and we are finally ready to broadcast my buddy, my pal, Antonio. Hey. How are you? How you doing? Not bad. Let me read the phone number behind your head there, Anthony. Yeah. Way, way in the distance. Phone number is 212-757-1027 if you have anything for the show. And I see you're reading that without your glasses, Opie. That's right. Yeah, Opie didn't pussy out. I did not pussy out. I had my eyes done this weekend. I made a little wager, and I lost. I found out that like the whole building made wagers. Yeah, I was betting for sure. And that was the long shot to get it done. You were going to pussy out. Hell no. I don't even know where to begin. I got to look out the window again. Yeah, that's all he's been doing. He gets up, he goes to the window. We're walking to the studio. He's looking out the window going, Oh, I can't believe it. Look, I can read that sign. Look at the, he's like, look at the big tanks that hold the water on top of the buildings. Like, yeah, they've been there forever. Seeing plenty of them. Here's a little song for you, Opie. I can see clearly now the rain has gone. Yeah. I can see all obstacles in my way. I'll tell you one thing. I see how ugly all you mother huckers are. I want my old eyes back, man. You guys are some ugly mofo's. You must not have passed by a mirror then either. Actually, no, I passed by a mirror this morning. I'm like, wow, you're a good looking guy. Dude, I got to tell you, man, I'm in a great mood today. Gotta say it. This is a modern day miracle. You're all excited with your new eyesight. I got to thank the fine doctor, Dr. Philotoff. He's not even advertising on the show yet. I could care less. He's going to get like a two hour commercial today. Opie's been talking about this guy like he is the messiah. If Dr. Philotoff said drink the Kool-Aid, I would drink the Kool-Aid. He is my new god. They should have a doctor. What's his name? Philotoff. Philotoff? Yeah, he's got a Dr. Philotoff day. He's got an MLK day. Does MLK ever bring Opie new eyes? No. Where do you want to begin with this? I have seen the mountaintop and it's clear with my new eyeballs from Dr. Philotoff. Dude, I was at the sushi restaurant with the boss today, right? And he's talking about the show and stuff. I'm not even listening to him because I'm like, oh wow, it's 135. He's like, yeah, so? No, you don't understand. I'm reading it. It's the clock all the way over there. The clock's literally like 100 feet away. No glasses? No glasses. And I'm like, hey, if you need copies, there's a copy place across the street from the sushi restaurant. I can see. I see that. I was at the back of the restaurant looking right through the window and reading copies on the other side of the street. I couldn't even see my hand in front of my face with my glasses on. There are some downsides though, I bet. Did you look down at your penis and say, god damn, it's so small? When it was all fuzzy and blurry, it kind of looked bigger. Just be honest, did Rick write that line? Oh yeah. Okay. Then I could talk about blind man sex I had this weekend. I gave you a chance, Rick. Welcome back to Rick who was in London for, I don't know, it seemed like forever. Does he have an accent? Hello, hip hip, cheerio, all that trick. Don't you hate them Puerto Ricans? Yeah, sure, right? Fish and chips, right? Well, let's get through the eye break. I mean, we have so much to do today. So I went up there Saturday all the way up to Westport, Connecticut. I went to the doctor, my new god, Dr. Philotop, he has three offices. I went to the state of the art office in Westport. Yeah, that's the one you want. Special client in, I think. Oh, look at that. So I go up there, I'm not even going to lie to you, I was like 50-50. I went with another guy from here that was definitely going through the procedure. And I went up there just freaking out, just freaking. Well, we heard about some people who had similar surgeries from other doctors, I guess. A couple of them had horror stories. And then just the procedure sounds like a horror story because they have to cut your cornea. They have to cut the surface of your eyeball. Yeah, with this fine razor instrument. Yeah, and it makes a flap over the front of your eye and you flap it over and then he does his little laser stuff and then flaps it back. So it just sounds like, and you go blind for the period of time where he flaps the flap up. Well, I can tell you about all that now from first-hand experience. So I get up there. I can believe you went through with it. And you know when you have an oral report due in school and you never want to be first? And it just feels better when you just keep your hand down and you don't go? Sure. For some reason stalling makes it that much easier. So I'm in the waiting room and there was like five of us and all of a sudden I was just praying like any other person was going to go first. All of a sudden the good doctor goes, all right, I hope you come with me. You wanted me out of the way like that. So I go to the back and he checks my eyes. He says, you're definitely a good candidate and stuff. And he explained exactly what was going on. And I got to be honest, dude, you know how much of a wimp I am? By the time he was talking to me for like 10 minutes, I was like, piece of cake, let's go. Ready to go. And then I had to sign the consent form. That's when they give you like some valium. They gave you valium? Yeah. Dude, I popped valium like it was M&M's this weekend. You got any left? Yeah, I got some. Let's do the show on valium today, man. You don't understand. Come on, that'll be cool. We'll pop a couple and just be all lethargic for the show. Hey, man. How long have we been off the air? Isn't this place great? I love this place. Not a problem in the world. So yeah, so they gave you some valium to take the edge off. Yeah. And I don't know, I never felt the valium kick in while the operation and everything was going on. I felt it on the way home on I-95 where I was out cold in the back seat with my eyes wide open. Who drove you? My brother dissed me, so it was his roommate and his girlfriend. But anyway. So they numb the hell out of your eye with all these drops and stuff. I don't know, some kind of anesthesia and stuff, right? Can you move them or anything? I'm freaking out just thinking about this. I don't know. I get, because it works so fast, you know, by the time they numb them and then get the preparatory eyes for the surgery, you don't really want to move them. They tape back your eyelashes, right? Then they put this like thing in your eye, like look down, look up. Something to keep me glossy is open. Right. So now there's something attached to your eye, right? Yeah. Then they put another instrument on that. It kind of like sucks your eye out, tiny bit. Wait, what? Well, that's the feeling I got. Sucks your eye out? Not out of it. Just kind of gives it a little pressure, okay? Okay. Dude, I'm telling you, you remember how much of a wimpa was, right? You're a big pussy. I didn't care less. And then all of a sudden, before I knew it, he goes, okay, it's a very nice flat. That was created. Oh, I'm scratching my eyes. They hurt now. So I didn't even know when he made the incision. No clue, I swear to you. And then he goes, okay, you might lose sight for about 10, 15 seconds. So he pulls the flat. He pulls the flat. And I lost sight, but I could see shapes kind of like. I lost the light. But I mean, all this equipment is so close to your face that it doesn't really bother you because the other eye is wide open and you can see the rest of the room. So it's like, whatever. I could live with one eye that's working. And then this is the part. They go, you see that blinking red light? It's not the actual laser, but they want you to focus on something? Yeah. And I'm like, stare at that and don't move. I'm like, this might be the important part of the operation. And all of a sudden they just blast away with a cold laser. 15 seconds, puts the flap down, takes something that kind of felt like a very, very, very, very fine paintbrush and kind of smoothed out like he's smoothing out wallpaper. Like he's smoothing out wallpaper, but that's like the flap getting pushed back into place. Good to go. Then he did the other one. The whole procedure lasted tops 15 minutes with prep and everything. Oh my God, my eyes hurt. Really? They're hurting just talking about that. All right. I don't want to bore everyone with the rest of the procedure. So then they do both eyes and they walk you down to the recovery room, which is, you know, whatever. It's not even a recovery room really. And the sensation you have is it's like you're in a very foggy place. Yeah. But you can see through the fog and go, wow, my eyesight is better. But it's really foggy. So you can't really appreciate it. So then they sit you down and they give you like the grandpa glasses. Look at the glasses you have. This is what I used to have. Oh my God. This is what I used to have Ray Charles sex with Rick's sister when I got home. Thank you, please. Right. So you put these on just to protect your eyes. Your old man glasses. For 24 hours. Those are the glasses we have goofed on relentlessly on this show. I know. I need my jungle. I need to wrap around one. The Terminator. Yeah. My little red skull. So they give me that for like, I don't know why he plays. They give me that for 24 hours. So I'm looking for Sarah Connor. She's got my collage to me bag. So it was good that I told the doctor that I was a little freaked out because they gave me a nice supply valium for the ride home. Yeah. And I slept that night. I woke up Sunday morning and it was still, you know, it was my eyesight was much improved, but it was still a little foggy and stuff. It was almost like looking through binoculars and it was a little off. I felt like if I could fine tune it. Just focus a little bit. Focus a little bit that I'd have unbelievable eyes, right? And as the day went on, it got better and better and better. And I went to bed last night. You have to wear these eye shields. This morning at 7 0 2, because I looked at the clock for the first time, the sun is coming through my bedroom window. I took off the eye shields, dude. It was like I was reborn. Like everything was. Was it a vase when she walks out of the house? Oh, yeah. Everything was crystal clear. And from that moment, 7 0 2 this morning until now, I've been just staring at everything. Absolutely everything. And your eyes don't hurt? No. That flap thing. I can't see it or anything. I don't get close to Anthony ever, but I got close to him today so I could take a look at my eye. You couldn't tell anything, right? Eyeballs are like big things that jello. You just cut them and they can come back in on you. When I got home from the operation or the procedure, whatever you want to call it, my eyes definitely ached. But they give you drops for that in case it's too bad. And that feeling lasts about 10 hours. Why do my eyes hurt? You feel like you have like a hair in your eyes for about 10 hours. That's a little annoying. Yeah, that's uncomfortable. But now... It's showing your porn from across the room. Look at that. Wow, I can see that from here. Thank you, Mark. Psycho Mark. Nice. Thank you. Porn from across the room. I'm not squinting, right? Looking right at beef. And that's basically it. Wow. You didn't pussy out. I mean, I'll be the first to admit I was a wimp when we were discussing this last week. But you put me at total ease and I was fine. You know what it is? It's like... You ever see Invasion of the Body Snatchers where you fall asleep next to the Bean Pod and you wake up and you accept the whole thing and it's cool that you've been invaded by the Bean Pod thing and they're using your body and everything's cool after that? And you go to the other people and go, no, it'll be cool. Believe me. And you're like, no, no. That's what you were like beforehand. But now you have slept next to the Bean Pod and you woke up and now you are completely for it. Completely for it. You would tell anyone who wanted to do this. It's a modern day miracle because I mean, I've had glasses since I was in third grade, Anthony. I've tried all sorts of glasses, contacts. I have never, ever, ever seen this good as I am seeing now. Wow. It is amazing. You know how I am like if I leave my glasses or lose them and I have to drive or something? It's almost impossible, but I could get away with it if I'm not driving too far during the day. Okay. And it has to be really bright out. Yeah. Today, drove into work because I just had to. God damn. Just drugging to work. Had to. You've been reborn. And it was funny. I almost got into a bunch of car accidents because instead of paying attention on the road, I'm like, wow, look at that. I was checking out the skyline from a distance when I was on the expressway and looking to the right, looking to the left. I was looking at everything but the road. You're not going to get all religious on us now, are you? Dude, if Dr. Philotoff said, drink the Kool-Aid. You would. I would drink the Kool-Aid. He goes, if you drink this Kool-Aid, you'll have great hearing as well. I would do it tomorrow. I would have to believe at this point. I'm amazed. But I'm reading like license plates, you know, I mean really far up the road. Things that normal people do on a daily basis and just take for granted. Before the show, I had to run up to Greenwich, Connecticut to see the good doc, right? Just to make sure everything's cool. You know, he takes his time with his patients. This isn't a commercial, by the way. I don't even know if the guy is officially going to advertise, but I am so happy about this. I just want to share today. And he brings me in and I had a quick eye exam. 2020, no problem. Two years ago, I was literally blind without these glasses that I have. Look at you. 2020, then he put up the 2015 line. I made it, I was like almost there. I can read like half of it. So that's it. You just don't need glasses anymore? That's it. Dude, here's my glasses. Now what would happen if you put those on now? All right, let me look. They'll probably look real blur. Is it going to look like it looks when normal people put on your glasses? Oh yeah, let me see. Yeah, I'm getting like completely dizzy right now. I swear to God. Take them off. You'll break your new eyes. I'm getting completely dizzy. Let me see you guys. Let me see these. I'll look through. Oh yeah. Well, dude, that is just wrong. He fixed that. He fixed that. Man, I can't even look through those without feeling like I'm going to puke. Talk to like our new boss, Jeremy. We walked down to the sushi restaurant. I wasn't paying attention to him. I was too busy. I'm like, look, I could read that. It says Hooters. Look, I was reading the Broadway sign like from a half a block away. I can't do that even when I have my glasses on. It's like Flowers for Algernon. You ever see that? The guy was retarded and they give him a drug and he becomes like a genius. But in the interim, he's just like, oh, look, I can read. Yeah. That's healthy now. He's like a retard. What did I say in the office today? I was like just staring out our office window, reading all the signs all over the street. There's no way I could have done that before I arrived today. Matter of fact, I'm going to give you the pleasure. Here's my glasses. Oh, I've had these forever. Yeah. These used to be like gold to me. Uh-huh. I will allow you to smash them. I think you should because it's more symbolic that way. I'll smash them. Wait, let me put my old man glasses on. In a bit of irony, would that be the most ironic thing like a Twilight Zone episode? Opie gets his eyes fixed. He takes his glasses off and then he puts them down to smash them to show that he's done with them. Glass flies into both eyes and he goes completely blind. That's a Twilight Zone episode. All right. I need to smash them into some because this glass is going to go everywhere, man. I am totally serious. I'm going to smash them down there. There's the hammer. All right. We'll clean it up later. All right. All right. Oh, here it is. Opie's smashing his glasses. And they're really his only pair of glasses. He does not need them anymore. Wait. How important these things were. Oh, these things were a big pain in the ass. We'd go to appearances or something and we'd leave and it's like, oh my God, where's my glasses? Did I leave them there? I can't find my glasses. Where are my glasses? I'll actually be able to say hi to all our listeners, our next live appearance, because I used to fake that. People come up to me, oh, hey, remember me? I'm like, um, if I can see you, yeah. My glasses. I'm smashing my glasses and my shoes. Here we go. All right. Let it rip off. Whoa, glass flying. Whoa, look at the pieces flying. You better watch your eyes now. Let's see the good doctor fix a big glass shard in your head. Let me see. Oh my God. Yeah. So long glasses. Wow. You've completely destroyed these. Completely. They're done. Oh, yeah. They're gone. That's it. Done. Done skit. Good job. We should auction them off. Just explain on the website that I don't have to wear the old man glasses. But undeterminated glasses. Hello, please. Thank you. Here we go. I need my glasses. Dude, they are smashed all over the studio. Oh, the eye chart? Glass is everywhere. There's an eye chart up on the wall now for you to read. Opie's eye chart. I'm an asshole. No, start with the line, the first line. Dude, I'm an asshole. What about the bottom line? Show me your stuff is the bottom line. Wow, look at that. That's pretty good. All right, go smaller. Look, he's showing off his new peepers. Actually, I think what we need to do is get a couple naked broads down here. So Opie can finally see what the nude form looks like. Because I will be in the middle of the room. I'm going to be in the middle of the room. I'm going to be in the middle of the room. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. I will not read that. That's all I'll say. Yeah. There you go. It says, I love hot black and then what Opie said. Yeah. See, we can't have it on tape so Rick can pull it. But there you go, Ann. I don't know what else to say but look, you see what I just did? I've been doing this all day. I went to a Just One Clip. Yeah, I see. It's like when you get into the car that doesn't have the shift on the floor and you're constantly going for the floor. Yeah. You can shift it into reverse. Because I used to have this habit where I would take this finger and go like this. Above my nose to push the glasses back into place because those glasses I've had forever. I've been doing this all day going, oh yeah. Take them. They're yours. Look at these things. They're smashed. That's it. They're gone. Bye glasses. There you go. So I had a great weekend. Very nice. Valium helped. You got any left? I got some. Yeah? How many? How many do you need? Let's do a couple. Actually, we just wanted to show Ope something that he hasn't really seen in real life until today. Aw, get Patty out of here. Aw, look. It's Patty. The first chick you see is Patty. Oh, please. Can I get my old eyesight back, please? He wants his eyes punctured with the lasers. Patty. No more glasses. No more glasses, Patty. Cool. Uh-oh, she's going for an envelope. I have a little card that I made for the two of you because you got your little presyndication in Boston, so I thought I could congratulate you. All right. Why did you give it to him, Anthony? No, Ope's got... Go ahead. Read it from there. Ope's got the new eyes. He should be able to read it. From there? I can't read her handwriting from there. Give it to Ope, Patty. If you go a little closer, I can read it. Let me see. Oh, stop. I cut out lettuce from her newspaper. Now you got to read the front first. Ope and Anthony, you guys rock. I'm happy for your continued success and congratulations to you on your thing in Boston. In fact, your syndication should go a long way. Yeah, no... All the power to you. You're going places, Patty. And the card is a picture of the whole world, Anthony. Oh, look at that. Ope and Anthony all over the whole world. Thank you, Patty. Thank you, Patty. I'm very big on him. So, it was funny. Last night, my brother comes over. Yes. And I have this really bad habit, even with my glasses and stuff, we'll finally end this discussion, where I squint and make really retarded faces to try to see stuff. And we're watching The Sopranos last night. And he couldn't even watch the TV because I'm just sitting there with normal eyes, even though they were even better when I woke up this morning, but they were pretty good last night. And he was like, look at me, for the love of God, squint, do something. Squint, right? I look like a retard. I'm like, I don't need to anymore. You watched The Sopranos? Yeah. I wasn't able to watch. Oh, really? Yeah. You could blow it for me. It's just one episode. No, honestly, what I need from you is, because I didn't see the first season, like I caught like two shows maybe for 10, 15 minutes. Right after commercials, I need you to explain The Sopranos to me. A little background for you. I'm clearly confused. Like his mom's in the hospital, she had a stroke. I'm a little pissed. And then little Steven, I don't know what he does. And then... He's part of the crew. All right, but could you explain all this to me at the commercials? All right, any questions. And then I'll explain some of the stuff that happened last night. Was that talentless bitch Janine Garofalo in the first episode? No, no, no, no. She shows up this season, and I'm pissed at them for even including her in my show. All right. We'll talk about that next. Bones are going nuts, by the way, as well. Stay on the line. But Dr. Filatov, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hope is Lord and Savior. I'm a new person today. O.P. and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW, it's the O.P. and Anthony show. We are live on this fine MLK day. Yeah, it's like a holiday today or something, right? Yeah, I guess it is. It was so easy to get into work today. Very easy. Very easy. I don't know if it's the freezing cold weather or that helps. That helps because the pain in the ass pedestrians aren't trying to cross the street against the walk signs. There aren't that many pedestrians on that. No, not at all. Which is good. You can't breathe out there. A little bit of a breeze hits you in the face. You're like, you can't breathe? So much for global warming. Yeah, that went out the window. That's when you start worrying and thinking, wow, maybe there's something to that global warming. It is f'ing cold out here. You get a couple days like today and then you're like, okay, it's not too bad. How are you supposed to even function outside like this? There's no functioning. Well, the funny thing is you used to have to work in this weather, Anthony. Rooftops. Let's not forget. Yeah, yeah. Get on a rooftop and... How many minutes have you spent outside today? Be honest. Total of a minute? Let's see. I was going to walk from the house to the store, one block away, to get something to drink. No idea where you drove. I got up, I walked outside, went F this, hopped in my truck, started it up, get the heat going, and then drove a block to the store. Then drove back to the house and left the car running for an hour until I left so the heat would still go off. I swear to God. Drove right into the garage so you didn't have to hit the outside there. So you've been outside maybe 30 seconds and you're bitching and complaining. There are guys that listen to our show that are in places right now that you do not want to be, working their tails off. I was there, Mr. Caddy. You forgot though. Not many foursums going out on the golf course on days like this, I don't think, right? I was out there, rooftops. That's right. West End Drive over there on a rooftop by the river. Freezing cold like this. Cut a hole in the roof. And I'd have to cut a hole in the roof. When we first moved to New York, and we were, moved back to New York I should say, we were tolling around town, Anthony would point out all the buildings he did. Yeah. Like wow, that's real fascinating. Thanks for sharing. Did a little five story brownstone over there on 62nd. That's right. For the wonderful Wrexham people. Why are you late every day? Why are you late every day? Because I don't like to work, Emilio. But he'd run around the place and there was this little one person elevator. And I used to try to avoid him by jumping in the elevator and going up to a new floor and I'd hear him run up the stairs so I'd have to pick another level and go down. I called it Super Emilio Brothers. It was like a video game. Try to stay away from him. Those were my working days, I think. Yeah, those were the days. And yeah, it was very cold. You don't know what it's like when the building's just framed out, sticks, not even siding. Wind just howling through and you got to deal with sheet metal that's frozen. Bill, what's up? I love this guy. Hey man. All right. What's going on? I just want to say you guys are great, man. I listen to you all the time. Hey, thank you. Help me get through my afternoon when I'm hanging off the roof. I've been up there since six o'clock this morning. Really? You guys are talking about cold, man. I so know what you're talking about. Yeah. I'm wearing a pair of long johns on, a pair of sweatpants, and a pair of vinyl windbreaker pants. Let me get 10 regular. Wow. And now you're getting gas. Yeah, I'm getting gas. Got some jobbies serving on me. All right. So I can't stand you. Let me ask you guys something. I love wind. You guys got a white gas station attendant out there? Where? In New York. Because I'm in Jersey, man. And I haven't seen one since I was about six. There hasn't been a white gas station attendant since, yeah, since I was like a little tight. I mean, what's going on? Where'd we go wrong? Why? This guy kind of looks like he was cold, but yeah, I had a- What, do you want to be pumping gas? My gloves, everything, my feet, three pairs of long johns, and I still froze. Yeah. My lips are like bleeding. They're so chapped. It's so bad. I hate my job. I'm about to quit. Actually, can I get my boss an FD for Friday early? Yeah, hit it. Go ahead. All right. Going to PCI. F you, man. You go up on the roof. All right. Thank you, bro. Thanks, man. Good job. All right. All right. We can start a whole thing. Things you just don't see anymore in the year 2000. One of them is white gas station attendants. Yeah. Remember the guy that used to come over, hey, wash your windshield. Check your oil. That doesn't happen anymore. Man, how about you do it? Why you do it? Fill it up. Fill it credit. Fill it credit, guys. What you do? Hey, Christian, what's going on? You need the receipt? Receipt? Receipt. It was reset. The word receipt is very difficult for these people. You need the recipe? You need the recipe? Christian, you're next on the show. What's up? Yeah, it's going to actually, real quick, there's actually two white gas station attendants right where I live. Oh, very good. Ocean Township, New Jersey. Okay. Two of them. That's rare. That's a rare sighting. Alterating Tuesdays, I see them. Opie. Yeah. Your new vision. How's your vision at night? Honestly, I mean, this is the first day that it's crystal clear, so I drove into work to test that out tonight a little bit. I drove into work to test that out tonight on the way home, but yesterday when it was about 70% better, I went outside and it seemed like I wasn't going to get those halos and stuff. Yeah, that's a rumor. I'm considering getting it myself because I wasn't blind as a bat until I was five. Right. No matter what you do, make sure you do your research. I mean, ask Anthony. I was going to do this last April and I wanted to make sure I had all my facts and I studied up on this. I read every article on it. I looked into the doctor's education, how long they've been doing it, blah, blah, blah. Not to bore you guys to death, but definitely take your time and do the research. Is that training here? No. No, I know. But it's very important because the one thing I learned, there's a lot of guys out there now that are offering the operation very, very cheap for less than $1,000. Yeah, they get a weekend certification. Well, it turns out that a lot of these guys, yeah, they could go to LA or something and they get trained to do this and within a week, they're doing it on your eyes. Oh. That's what scared me about this. I made sure I found a guy that held a lot of them before me. So, all right. All right, it's good to go. Thanks, guys. Thanks, bro. Love you guys. See you. All right, man. Still, you're next on 1027WNOW. What's up? Hey, Opie? Yeah. I just want to congratulate you on a successful eye surgery. Thanks. Anthony, do you wear glasses? No. Well, then you have no idea how happy Opie is. I know. Did you see the episode of The Simpsons when Homer grows hair? Yeah, that's how you feel. You know what I'm saying? You go outside, you find someone who's good to hook up to you and you give them a big hug. That's how you feel. Can I ask you a couple of serious questions, actually? Yeah. Because I am considering doing this. Did the doctors say anything about the possibility of needing to do this again in the future, like 15, 20 years? Honestly, no. No? You know some people need stronger glasses when they get older? Well, in 20 years, we'll have cybernetic eyeballs. Actually, we won't need to see you by that point. We won't even need to see. We'll just be brains floating around. Honestly, when I was doing my research, I couldn't find anything on long-term effects. That scared me. Did your doctor mention the possibility of having really bad vision? Right. He said there's a chance that they'll bring it up to 2050 and I'll still need glasses. That really bothered me. Well, there's a bunch of people that get it done and they still need reading glasses just because they're a little older or something or whatever. But yeah, I didn't have any of that, obviously. Did they tell you not to rub your eyes for a couple days? Oh yeah, it's killing me. I finally showered this morning. Do you can rub them now? I don't want to because I'm a little paranoid. I mean, I don't feel anything. No pain, no discomfort, nothing. I can't believe I had something done two days ago. Right, right, right. But I'm definitely going to wait a couple more days before I even touch my eyeballs. Go stare at some streetlights tonight. Let us know if there's any halos tomorrow, okay? That's the final test and it's going to happen tonight. Cool deal. No, you're kidding me? I'm going to a strip club tonight. I want to see how good these eyes are. Yeah, that's where you check out halos. I like it. Great. Whatever you do. I mean, the guy who did me, I absolutely love now. He's a god in my eyes. Is he a New York doctor? Yeah, he has a New York office and two offices in Connecticut. Right. Dr. Philotoff. He's not even advertising so I don't think there's a big commercial. I think he might jump aboard because we've got a good relationship going. Cool. But if you guys are considering this, the only thing I suggest is really do your research and really read up on it. You probably don't want to talk about this but how much did your guy charge? Honestly, it's expensive. I'm not going to lie to you but I don't know the exact price. You didn't even try with insurance, right? No chance, right? Supposedly, insurance doesn't cover it. All right, OP. Congratulations. Take care. Thanks, Stu. Bye. What are you guys doing over there? The story in the paper, the blind man that can see? Oh my god. Is it worth all this to see if you're blind though? I could see a little laser surgery but... Yeah, a little laser surgery. This guy's got a hole in his head. Go ahead, Ed. They have drilled a hole in his head. OP, if you look at the plate the wires are coming out of, there's little nuts and bolts. Yeah. It's bolted to his skull and wires are coming out of this guy's head. He was blind. He still is. He's 62, wants to only be known as Jerry. Jerry? Jerry, I have a hole in my head, grandma. He's blind. He's wearing these glasses that go to a computer. The computer also goes into this guy's brain. They connected electrodes directly to his brain. The glasses have a camera on it. It sends this image but it's not really an image like we see it. It's a bunch of dots of white light. Right. Bunch of dots. Right. If a figure moves into your line of view, the dots will go away in the silhouette of the figure. You'll see the outline of the guy. How about that? That's what this is all about. He can read letters on a sign. They have to be two inches tall and stuff. This guy's probably as ecstatic as you are. Think of this. You just saw blurry when you didn't have your glasses on. Now you see all clear and you're amazed. I feel like I'm going to have to take out contacts after today. It's not going to happen. This guy's like blind. Now with these little dots of light, he sees things move in front of him. That's got to be amazing. That's got to be freaky. The amazing thing is it's from a camera on his glasses and it goes directly into his brain. Kind of Frankenstein thing is this. It's scary too. You know this is just going to get better and better and better. The procedure, you know what I mean? It's going to get a little clearer the next time they do it. This is like when your buddy jury rigs your TV set and the wires are hanging over the front. It's like can't we do the wires neatly behind the TV? Can this be done in the skull? Do you need this wire ponytail coming out of your head? Can his brains leak out or something? Isn't there something detrimental to having a hole in your head? To where your brain is? Absolutely amazing. This isn't the most amazing story of the weekend as far as this type of surgery goes. Did you hear about the operation they did overseas? A double arm transplant? Yeah. Double arm transplant! Forearms and hands. Forearms and hands. Not forearms, you know what I mean. The forearms. Pretty much right below the elbow. Yeah. On this guy, both arms. Both arms were replaced below the elbow. They took dead guy arms. I can't get over this dead guy body part thing. Dead guy arms. I can understand, okay, tragic, someone dies, motorcycle accident, you give your organs and someone has a new heart, new kidneys, liver, blah, blah, blah. I can understand all that because you don't really see it. It's inside you. You might feel a little creeped out, a little weird that someone else's heart is beating in the middle of your body. But to have dead guy arms that you can see and touch and feel with, that is... Well, the whole thing is the outside of your body is you. That's you. It's what you're known as. Sure. So there's personality to it. So the dead guy's arms are still his arms. And he's dead, yet now they move. Because they're on you. They're being controlled by someone else. Like, they should just be laying in a coffin rotting with the dead guy. But no, they're moving, they're doing, they're spanking. You know, and that brings up that question, that age-old question. If you're cranking it with the dead guy's hand, are you a hand homo? No, no, it happens. You make the dead guy all of a sudden homosexual. He's dead homo by proxy. He lived his life as pure as could be. He's in the coffin without his arms. You are now using his arms to whack off. You just made a dead guy a gay guy. Or how about you're fiddling around with your girl? Is she cheating? She's with dead guy arms, you know? All of a sudden, it brings up those questions. Just look at your arms. Imagine they're not yours, they're dead guys. Like, the hair is different than the rest of your body. Yeah, the coloring. The coloring. The fingernails aren't the same as your head. It's not your arms. Like, what do you do? You wouldn't just walk up to some guy who's like eating KFC or something. And go, oh, let me lick your fingers. Let me lick that off your fingers. Yeah. Disgusts me just thinking something like that. But now if you're eating chicken with dead guy arms and you lick your fingers, would that now still skeeve you out? I'd have a problem with that. I'd have a problem with that. Rick wants to know when he's lifting something heavy, if his arms can rip off. Can you see he's at the gym? Oh, damn. God, that is so skeeve. It just opens up a hole. But they're doing more and more of this type of transplant surgery with the hands and arms. Because it's starting to work and they're able to make dead guy arms move on your body. And you can feel. And you can feel with the dead guy. It just blows my mind. Soon they'll be doing it with the legs. What else? Imagine it's a schween. Oh, like a whole lower torso transplant. Imagine a junk transplant. Oh, you're a dead guy and you donate your junk to another guy. Imagine a real small one. And the guy has some kind of an accident and it loses his huge schween. And they're like, don't worry, we can do a junk transplant. And they do it and the guy wakes up and he's like, oh my God. What happened? I'm like, what happened? I got dead guy junk. You got dead guy junk and it's all small. And this is before the swelling goes down. The only suitable donor was Fred the midget. Oh, poor guy. Imagine that. Junk transplant with small junk. So a lot of things are happening over the weekend. You got the blind guy on the front of every paper ant. Yeah, all in his head. And then the two arms transplanted somewhere overseas over the weekend. A lot of medical stuff and Dave. Yeah, we'll get into the Dave Letterman thing. What did he have? What did he have? Bypass, not quadruple. He had five, so what's that? Quin... Five? Five? Wow. Oh, old dirty's on the line. Let's see, where's old dirty? We've got to take a quick break. We'll talk to old dirty and we'll take more of your phone calls in just a bit. 212-757-1027. OP, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass, you're obviously a stud. The OP and Anthony Show. It makes me sick. 1027-WNEW. Hey, it's the OP and Anthony Show on 1027-WNEW, if you have anything. 212-757-1027. Let's talk to old dirty who's checking in here. Old dirty! My man! What's up, bro? What's up, baby? How are you? Thank goodness I had my kevlar on last Thursday. Why? When I got showered with bullets. Oh yeah, you got the airstrike yet. It's probably hot though. Yo, what's up? What's up today, man? Nothing, man. Yo, what's up with this medicine, yo? You're turning people into Mr. Potato Hedge, man. It's the changeable parts, bro. Oh, you're talking about the double arm transplant surgery? Yeah, man. It's like, ew, man. What? That's incredible. At first they started off with the cloning of the sheep. And now they just exchanging eyeballs, blind men can see. Scientific commentary from old dirty. They got a pill that's going to like cure everything? What's up? What's that? I don't know. Yeah, you didn't hear about that? It's called Valium. OP was taking it. It doesn't cure everything, old dirty. It just makes you not give a crap. Yeah, but actually it started with the transplant of a hand. Now they're transplanting arms. That's incredible. I mean, what would you do with a dead guy's arm, man? I don't know. I'd be happy to have one if I didn't have one in the first place. I'd rather have like the metal hook or something. The cool claw thing. The cool claw thing? Yeah, I don't know if I'd accept a dead guy's arm on my body. Like a bionic arm, right? A bionic prosthetic device that could crush, you know, like steel and stuff like that? If it was scientifically made, I wouldn't mind. But you're talking about you have a dead guy's arm. Yeah. I mean, imagine you need to bite your fingernails. What if it's like, you ever saw it? I forgot what TV show it was. It was a guy got transplanted with the arms of a murderer or something. A hand and it flipped on him. Yeah, it started strangling people. Yeah, V. And what about that? You know, someone like you, old dirty, you know, you got two transplanted arms. You could commit all the crimes you want. No one will ever know because it won't be your fingerprints. Oh, that's right. What did they do about the... Well, you never had... Let me see. Yo, fingerprints. You're thinking of all the possibilities right now. Jesus. Yo, man, but yo, how complicated could that surgery be, though? You're talking about the attachment of major arteries, veins, I mean, nerve endings. Well, they did it with a hand... Doctor dirty right now. Didn't they do it with a hand and wasn't the guy from Jersey it? Yeah, with a hand. The hand transplant like a year ago and he was able to move the new dead guy's hand on his body. They didn't... Yo, wait a minute. And now they're going for the whole arm. I mean, right below the elbow is like a dead guy's arm. My goodness. My goodness, the manipulation of DNA. They're doing all... Yo, what's up, man? I mean... Manipulation of DNA? Yeah, yo. It's kind of cool, but I just don't think I want... It's kind of scary, man. I don't want a dead guy's like body part, you know, that I could see. If I had to have a heart or something, I'd go for that. But like, I don't know, man. You got to take anti-rejection drugs for the rest of your life with that stuff. Your own body will see the new parts as intruders. Yeah, it won't match up and stuff. Oh, no. I don't know, man. What's up with that? Somebody out there is on Valium. Yo, what's up? Yo, Opi. We got to talk off the air about the Valium, kid. You got more than that? I got a few. Open market, yo, here. Put them on the Internet and watching them off. Opi's Valium. Yo. So what else is up, OD? Nothing, man. Same old thing. How's the job hunt going? Yeah. Lavin'? How's the job hunt going? I need a job transplantation is what I need, kid. Hey, it's MLK Day, man. You celebrating? Really? What is? I mean... Martin Luther King Day, man. You doing anything special? Yeah, we're going to crack a couple of 40s, you know, for the brother, whatever, but... See, Aunt and I aren't acknowledging the holiday. That's why we're here. Oh, that was... I don't know, Anthony. Should you ring the bell on that one? There you go. What's that? Earl took his day off? Huh? Earl? Yeah, where's our Earl today? No, Earl's here. What? He doesn't need us. Earl's working on MLK, but Spaz took off. Well, we gave Spaz a day off. What kind of irony is that? How weird is that? Wait, that is something we got to talk about really fast. We gave Spaz today off. Spaz probably... The biggest racist on this show. The most racially insensitive person. We gave him an MLK day off. He's off. Earl is working. Well, Earl has more pictures to hang up. Yup, he has a feel, kid. Dude, we got to tell you that. They gave Earl a job last week to hang... How many pictures, Ben? They got a bust on Earl, I'm sorry. Five or six, I think. About six pictures. They're redecorating the WNEW lobby area. They have a big logo. Then they wanted six pictures to hang around the logo. And there's Aunt and I with Sammy Hagar and the racist... And the radio chick is up there. And a couple of the other shows around here that I don't know the names of. So they give Earl these six pictures to hang. How long would you guess it would take to hang six pictures? Figure out a pattern, how's it going to look. It would take an hour. An hour, right? Including labor. Let's be fair. How about two hours? Because you just want to take your time and be always... Yeah, you got to make a little pro bet. Ready for this? For this is the God's honest truth. Ben, tell the faithful listeners how long it took Earl to hang six pictures around the N.E.W. logo. The entire day. Yeah, the whole day. You mean the whole day. The whole day. I saw him out there. There was a level on top of one of the pictures. I swear to God. A what? A level. It was on top of one of the pictures. A level. Earl takes it to the extreme, right? You could just eyeball some pictures. Yeah, I eyeball a picture. O.D., he put in for O.T. What? I don't know. He put in for O.T. because he went over his hours. He should beat his ass, man. Is that him coming down to try to defend himself? Look at him, he's all pissed. Listen to what Earl's going to say. Come on, Earl. Alright, Earl, come on. Defend yourself. I have seen the mountain top. First of all, Earl, why didn't you take today off? It's MLK Day. I did take it. I just wanted to get some extra stuff done. Wait, you're off? He's off. Technically, I'm off. We never know when you're on or off. No, I just wanted to fuss around with some stuff on the computer. Alright, Earl, how many hours did it take you to hang six pictures? Be honest. It took like three hours. No way, man. No, it took me three hours. Well, what happened was... Earl, Earl. No, let me finish. Alright, but let me... When I arrive, I usually get here around 11.30. Is that fair? Yeah. Were you hanging pictures then? Yeah, I started at about 10. I finished about noon. No, no, no, no. After the show, 7 o'clock that night, I walked out there. You were still fooling around with your pics. No, we had the pictures up in one configuration. No, let me finish. What configuration? Let me finish. Let me finish. We had a pattern done. A pattern? We had a pattern. What configuration? We had it in a certain way. How was it that B wanted it another way? So we had to do it over again. How many pictures did you have to hang? Eight? Eight around the logo. Eight around the logo. So wouldn't that be two for each side? I mean, how many patterns could you make? No, we had a pattern. How did B want another pattern? So we did it in a certain way. How many pictures did you have to hang? Eight. Eight around the logo. So we took them down. Then they were up. Then they wanted captions in the photos. So we had to take them back down again, take them out of the frame, make labels for them. Then when we made the labels, they said, no, the labels don't say in the right order who's in the picture. I had my open empty with Sammy Hager. I said, well, it doesn't go left to right. So we had to redo the label. I was like, we know who they are. Can I ask you who was telling you all this? I am not at Liberty City. A double-armed... I would love to know who... Then they weren't clean enough. So we had to take them down again and clean them. And honestly, it took all day, right? It took them all day to hang eight pictures that aren't even good pictures. Did you like alone? Yes. No, no. Yes, I did. Pete and Eddie were helping you out. No, Eddie was not. Not your line. Eddie did not help me with the picture. You went after. You are lying. I don't know who he is. You are not alone. I am pissed off because you are lying. You are flat out lying. Pete Johnson told me how because there were these different clips you have to use to put the pictures up. It's not like hammering a nail and hanging them up. Why? Hammer a nail and hang it up. It's worked for how many centuries? There's a new way here at N.E.W. to hang pictures. He's getting mad. I'm not getting upset. Try to explain yourself, Earl. Go ahead. Because the way the frames are set up, it's not like you can have the... I can't even explain it. But in terms of bounce, they don't fall down every time the door slams. You have to put in these little hooks. Grab one of those pictures there. Let's take a look at what these look like. They have a wire in the back. I did it by myself. They have wires in the back. I had to do it by myself. No one helped. Everyone was walking by and saying, oh, look, girls, hang up the picture. I'm like, get up a hammer and nail. Earl, you're not going to get sympathy from our listeners. They're not asking for it. There are guys listening that just spent 12 hours on the cold roof and it's 8 degrees out. No, I'm not asking for it. You had a whole day. I had to hang eight of these. How many were out there, Ben? Was it eight? How many pictures have you had? Opie is an Anthony Bronco bash from last Super Bowl. You might remember this picture. A nice border inside the frame. Well, he didn't have to do any of that. He really just had to hang them, right? Were they all put together or did you have to put the pictures in the frame? We had to put the pictures in the frame. We had to take old pictures out, re-pictures. So it was six. It wasn't even eight pictures. No, I take it back. There were originally eight pictures. Two were taken off the wall. That was the other thing. Two were on the wall and then they said, well, these two pictures really don't represent what we are now. Take them off. That must have been the picture of Tom Likus. Which pictures don't represent what we are anymore? There was a picture. No, it was just repeats. There was one picture of Sammy Hagar. So when you had the eight pictures up and you had to take two down, it must have wrecked the whole damn pattern for you, huh? I mean, I just wanted to pick... So let me just put four on one side and four on the other. That's all. That's what I... That was my idea. I was just like, let's keep this very simple. No, they had to be a certain way. They had to be measured out. They had to be balanced. They had to be even. They had to be this. They had to be that. It took all day. I'm going to buy myself. Let's just switch them all around. Yeah, we're going to mess up the order. We're going to mess up the order. They had a hard hat and the RH vest, the flag mask. Yeah, cones set up. Rick's in here with the hammer and nail. I've got a hammer. I've got the nail and the little piece that was holding this particular picture. I pulled it out of the wall. Yeah. My wife does these. Takes her two minutes. Beautiful pictures all over the house. I'm not disputing that. What I am saying is... Should we time him and put this up? No, not the time. Alright, Ant is... Start the clock. Ant is hanging a picture. So far, Ant, you're up to three seconds. Five seconds, six, seven, eight, nine, ten seconds. Time's up. We should take a minute. We should take a minute. Ten seconds. Ten seconds. But I'm not disputing it. I am not disputing it. What made it such a time-consuming process? Get a laser. What made it such a time-consuming process? It took twice as long as it took me. Twenty seconds. What made it such an incredibly, like, unbelievably painful process was that the pattern changed every ten seconds. We had it one way. We had it one way. That's why it took all morning. Let us forget. I am by myself. Earl, I like you too much. Cut your losses. Punch out. Here he goes. Now he's pissed off. Where's he going? It's level. Ten seconds. In ten seconds, he was able to perfectly put up a picture. I don't know if you can see the exact hardware that was used. Oh my God. I have a dream today that we can hang pictures in ten seconds. Where did he go? Did he walk out or is he coming back to explain? I think he'll deal with us later. No, I think he's coming back to explain further. I thought he just stormed out. He pulled a rock on us. Wow, is that funny. Yeah, he is coming back. All right, so old dirty, what else you got? Are you congratulating me on my new eyes today? Yeah, B. Word up, man. I could easily just punch you in the face because when you had your glasses on, I kind of felt sorry for you. All right, here comes... He took all the photos down. They're all down. Here's my challenge. Here's my challenge to you. Now, I'm going to set the pattern. You're going to have to put them in the exact pattern. It's like Simon says. In less than what? Six hours? No, that's a challenge. You're going to have to do it by yourself. All right, first, can we get our own person that we want to do it? Can we get a chimpanzee here to do this? No, the challenge is out to the four people in this room. All right, to put up six pictures in less than six hours. But it's got to be the pattern. So basically, average is an hour per picture to hang. Right, okay. Millennium time. You guys got a little thing, kid. God damn, Earl. He's all pissed off. I am upset because, you know, I can't... It looks great. You did some work and nobody helps me. Look, he's really getting mad. Earl, relax, it's okay. Come on, Earl. I have a dream someday we'll be judged by the content of our character and not the speed at which we hang pictures. I want to go get the double-armed transplant guy, and I guarantee he'll do it in less than six hours. Or the transplant, he'll do it in six hours. I'm just saying that we had it up in like... I had it up in probably like a half an hour tops. Can we please... Okay, you know what we want to get out here. Could you please find me a profoundly retarded individual on the street? I mean a drooling mongoloid. Get that person up here with the hockey helmet on and hang them pictures in less than six hours. I'm convinced if the right weather conditions happen, they will hang themselves in six hours. A gust of wind in the right place, maybe an earthquake, and they can hang themselves. And it didn't take six hours. We had it up in like 30 minutes, and then they kept changing it while we wanted a certain way. By the time it kept going back and forth, it took all morning. This is corporate America at its best. If Earl had a hammer, he'd hammer in the morning, he'd hammer in the evening, because that's how long it took to hang the pictures all friggin' day. It's totally cold, man. Yo, what's his excuse for working today? He was hanging up the pictures? No, he had to get some more work done. Earl, the ceiling that you're looking up through is glass. So if you continue to do more that you're doing, you're not going to move up, bro. You are not going to spend time at home today reflecting on the reverend doctor, professor, or HBAC technician, St. Martin Luther King? Earl came into work today because he's redesigning his office. He wants his chair just right in front of his computer. Oh, no. Throwing these laid out chalk lines. You know, there's many patterns to try to figure out there. He's got that guy with the tripod on the highway with the measures to... What do you call that, man? Come on, Earl, it's funny. I have a dream today. We're very proud of the pictures. It represents the station very nicely. They're off the wall, man. Now they're off the wall. I refuse to do anything with these photos. Hold on a second. I ain't going to cast out of the main. Paul, what do you have? Hey, yo, hey, don't be what's up. It makes sense now why Scott Mewsley originally hired this kid. He got his uses. He can't do nothing but pick up a phone and say hello. What a duped idiot. He can't do nothing. Oh, I'm sorry. He also hangs up the phone when he's done talking. He's just not an interior decorator, I guess. Anyway, I'm going to see you guys Wednesday because I think Thursday when the Rock comes down and kicks your guys' asses, especially Anthony, I might as well get my in-mind in on Wednesday. See you guys Wednesday at the Oman. Later. Of course, referring to the fact that the Rock is coming back on our show this coming Thursday, Anthony. We'll use it from the Rock again and I guess we'll straighten everything out. Right. And Stephen Lynch coming in tomorrow. Oh, yeah? And I believe some day this week Laura Korn, one of our favorite guests of all time, coming in to discuss sex. Let's take a break. Thank you, Earl. He's all sad, man. That's someone, Earl. Earl, it's okay. These people just don't... It's all right. He's really fed. Hey, Ann, let's go put up the pictures. We got a couple minutes. Go put up the pictures. 60 seconds? I have a challenge for you, Ann. He took all the pictures down. Put them up before we get back from commercials. All right. Let's try. Ready, set, go. The Opie and Anthony Show. Throne men jumping all over each other. Okay, terrific. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. It's The Opie and Anthony Show. Anthony back in the studio. Oh, yeah. He completed his mission. He hung six pictures. It wasn't just hanging them either up. He had taken all of the nailed in clips out of the wall. Okay. He had to go back there and actually nail the clips back in the wall and then hang the pictures on the clips. All right. If you're just tuning in, it's something that is bothering the whole staff of the radio station. Earl last week took all day to hang six pictures around a WNEW logo in our lobby. We were trying to get some decorations on the wall finally. Ann thought he could do it within one commercial break and it looks like he completed his job. Earl? Yeah. Are you going to walk down the hall and check Anthony's work? I've already been down there. Well, go down there. Go down there with your phone. Can I pick you up here? Earl? Guys. Who's that? Hey, Rick. Rick's down the hall to check out Anthony's work with Earl. Earl's going to let Anthony know if he did a good job. I hope so. All right. Earl, what do you think of your work? It looks very good. It looks good? It looks very good. Earl, it took Anthony, honestly, five and a half minutes. Yeah, but they used the pins. They already used the original pins. It was a piece of cake. The original pins? Well, not the original pins. They used the holes as the markers. All right, so let's say to grab a tape measure, measure off the ceiling and mark off a few spots on the walls, add an extra ten minutes to it. That's 15 minutes. Now what? Well, you also had it taken into consideration. We had it up already. They made us take it down and redo it. All right, Earl. All right. But you're happy with Anthony's work? All I can say is you had to have been there. Okay. I guess everyone can understand in Radio Land why it would take somebody well over six hours to take six pictures. It didn't take six hours. Hour per picture. No, it didn't take six hours. All right, Earl. Well, thank you. Thank you. He's all pissed, man. He had to bring it up on the air because everyone's like, oh my God, it's five o'clock and he's still going. He's still just hanging in the picture. Wasn't everyone talking about this man around the office? Everyone was talking about it. I wish Mark was here because Mark went ballistic. He doesn't even work directly with Earl. He just went crazy on him. You know, it's pretty funny. I liked the level. That was my favorite part of the picture hanging thing. The funny thing was Pete doing it with the level was one of the funniest things I've ever seen. Him and Pete first thing in the morning, they got the level. You know, it should go this way, it should go that way. I'll be the first man. I was doing what I was doing. I've never done this before. You've never hung a picture before? No! I never had to! There isn't a picture of the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King hanging in your apartment. Stop it. No Velvet Black Jesus? Stop it. Velvet Black Jesus. I'm Malred. Reverend Al, big picture of Reverend Al. So I guess you learned a new trade, Earl. How to hang picture hanging. I never told you a hangman picture of me and John Lennon up in my office. Nothing like that? Next we're going to teach you how to alphabetize. Stop it. You just catch hell every single... Oh no, Vinnie, what's up? We lost Vinnie. He had something for you, Earl. Actually, a bunch of people are sympathizing with you out there. Rob, what's going on? Hey, listen, I could paint this painting for six hours. Don't mind, Hank. I could have put up the sheetrock, painted it, and hung them. See you guys. Bye, Rob. Paul, what's going on? Hey, Oby, you better watch out, man. You might take the picture in the frame, smack it in your head, you'll lose your eyesight again, and you'll be all shat. Earl's got a big knuckle, so I heard. Earl will be okay. Right, Earl? Earl? Don't forget the psycho factor, man. He might get you with a picture. All right. Look, he's all bummed out now. Thank you, Paul. Earl, don't be bummed. We all know our roles here at WNEW, and sometimes it's pretty ridiculous. You know. You all right, Earl? I'm just like... What's wrong? I'm just surprised you're here. Yeah, it's MLK Day. You shouldn't be sad on MLK Day. We couldn't take off, because, quite frankly, we're white. But, uh... Dan! Yeah, how you doing? If Earl's not too busy, I'd like to ask a favor. I'm going to have some breakfast tomorrow. If you could start making me some toast now, I'd be done with it. All right, Dan. He's going to freak out. Thanks a lot, Earl. Later, guys. I'll just check in. All right, Earl. Oh, look, he's getting all pissed. Uh-oh. Earl? Yes. Uh-oh. You're not going to exude any of that rage. Are you? Go ahead and say it. I ain't saying it on MLK's birthday. But we can play the movie trailer from the 70s. I think Michelangelo's on line 12. Uh, Michael? Yes? I'm wondering if Earl has time to help me with the Sistine Chapel. I heard you painted that quicker than Earl hung six pictures on your back against the ceiling. I painted that on my back and went blind at the same time. All right, Michael. Thank you. That was Michelangelo, everyone. Earl, do you want me to take a couple more of these calls? Earl? Oh, my God. Why are you pissed? Now he's pissed. Like no one has, you know, had a take on the show. Frank? Hey, guys. What's up? Hey, I got a new challenge for Earl. I hear the new boss wants him to hard boil an egg. Oh, my God. Maybe he can study up tonight at home with his pots and pans. Oh, get out of the way. All right, you guys, take it easy. All right, bye. John is on your side, Earl. John? Yeah, leave Earl alone, guys. I love you guys, but leave him alone. It's not like he's pinning the tail on the donkey there. You know, they're measuring, you're up, no, over, no, down low. They got to level them. You know, it's hard. You got to space them out between them. It's a tough job, right? No, it's hard. If he was pinning the tail on the donkey, Earl, do this. I'll see you later. I bet you he'll have it done in two minutes. But you got to space him out. Thank you. Leave him alone, I love you guys. All right, bye. A lot of people have the same question. How do you make toast? I wonder why. All right, Earl, I won't feel good unless you say you're okay before you leave the studio. You didn't have to develop the pictures, did you? I was just checking. It was like Flintstones time where you had to like that. Yeah, chisel it out. Chisel out the pictures before you hung them. Oh, Earl, come on, man. We're just messing around with you. You know what it's like. It's your turn in the barrel. It's always my turn in the barrel. Oh, very rarely. I think we take 20 hits for everyone you take. Not on the air, but... You've never been called gay. Yeah. That's a lot worse than hanging pictures. Sorry, I just thought of something funny in my head. Nothing to do with pictures. I'm just going to do a picture hanging for six hours. What? Come on, Earl, leave the studio so we can continue with our show. Okay. Happy Martin Luther King Day. How are you going to spend it tonight? Anything? Any plans? Do you have to thumbtack some memos in the Jack Lounge or something? Are you going to go out on a date or something? To a fine African restaurant? You're giving me the evil eye. I can see that very clearly now with my brand new eyes today. Jesus Christ, Rick. What did he say? Bring the bell. I'm not even going to repeat it. MLK is on line four for Earl. MLK! I have a dream that one day Earl will learn to hang a picture. Wow, I'm privileged to have Martin Luther King on the line here. I had to go pretty early this morning. Very good, MLK. Oh, there's Psycho Mark. Get him. Get Psycho Mark in here. Thank you, MLK, for checking in. Now go bang another white broad. We've got a show to do. Here comes Psycho Mark. I was really outraged about this. Psycho Mark, you haven't been listening. We've been talking about Earl's picture hanging. Oh, that? A three-day affair. He swears it did not take him six hours. How are we going to do that? That's crap. It took him two days. It did not take two days. No, it did not take two and a half days. Earl, you stood there for four hours with a hammer and did nothing. No, I didn't. That is a flat-out lie. You are lying. You are lying. You are lying. Simmer down, okay? I'm not simmering down. You are lying. He's not lying. He's not lying. Earl, you took two and a half days. We did not take two and a half days. You are lying. One day, two day and a half. You are lying. The chief engineer, this guy is in charge of like, you know, multi-million dollar equipment holding up a picture for Earl. You know how painful this is? It took Earl longer to hang six pictures than this break is going on. You want to base on Earl? He's getting pissed. So Mark, seriously, how long did it take? Two days. You are lying. Earl, it felt like eternity. I'll admit, it did take eternity. We had it up in like 30 minutes and then we had to take it back down. But then on top of it, there's a big black pubic hair inside one of the pictures. And I'm like, hmm, I wonder who did these pictures? Was it my pubes? Oh, it was. No. Matt, you're next. What's up? Yeah, I want to know if it takes Earl six hours on the crapper. Alright, Earl's taking enough. He's not happy. Thank you, Matt. Alright. Anything to say, Earl? We'll let you have the final word. It's only fair. Go ahead, Earl. Earl, everyone. Oh my God, it's just like shooting me in the ear, the looks. Each one of those eyes had a .50 caliber. Can't we all just get along? And things are all set up. He looks like the guy from Full Metal Jacket now. Yeah. What's his name? Private Pile. Private Pile. Hi, Joker. Earl, you got that look in your eye. You gonna be alright? Maybe. He's really pissed. They did come out nice. Yeah. Yeah, that would have really been bad. We made it into it during the commercial break. It took them five and a half minutes. Only four and a half. We took them all out, took all the clips out of the wall, and I had to nail them all back in and hang them in a commercial break. And I was sitting here with my phones on waiting for the last spot to end. Really, Bill? Come on. But as Earl pointed out, the holes were in the wall already. So I knew approximately where they had to go. Earl, are we gonna solve this or are we just gonna wait for you to leave the studio? I'm not saying anything. Come on, Earl. We did put up a nice picture of Van Halen. Why? I have no idea. You're lying again. You did. You did. There was a picture of Van Halen in Tony Pig. There was a picture of Kermit the Frog. There was a photo. We had a set of photos. I went, what do you want on this wall? And all of those photos got approved. The Tony Pig Kermit the Frog photo got approved? No, no. I think Earl's bummed because his Pam Grier photo got denied. He wasn't allowed to hang that up there with the rest of us. Nothing to call it. Come on, Earl. That's right. There was a Van Halen photo. There was a Van Halen. Nothing to do with what the station is now, but it looked good. Listen, we gotta move on. Oh my God. It wasn't like I approved the photos. I went, what photos do you want on the wall? That's what I asked. It took all freaking day for five pictures. It took all freaking day for five pictures. It took all freaking day. We're talking. It's fine. Fine. Then you do it next time. I won't do it any second. I am not going to do it. No, I'm upset because I asked for help, got none. Why do you need no pictures? You and Pete and Eddie helping you. Eddie did not help me. And on top of it, Earl, there were thumb prints all over the pictures. It looked like someone smudged their face up against each one. You didn't even bother cleaning them. I did clean them. There was a big black pubic hair and one of them, a big black pubic hair. I cleaned them. Now when someone comes down the stairs, we have nice people come to visit. They see a big giant black pubic hair on the copianti pictures. That's a thumb stamp. I'm fine. All right, Earl. Next time we'll get you a whole staff. No, just leave me out of it next time. I need overtime. It has to be a union job. Everybody knows everything. So, I'm going to go. Leave me out of it next time. Okay. Oh, here it is. Oh, boy. It took all day. It did take all day. But you were any help. What was I going to do? Oh, that looks good. A little bit to the left. 20 employees have worked to do it. And I didn't. Earl, obviously no. All kidding aside, why did you need someone to help you? I'm not saying anything. I will say nothing. He had Pete, the engineer, who had to put in a bunch of compressors that day. Real important stuff for a radio station. There's Pete holding pictures of Earl. This guy's a union guy. He's holding pictures of Earl. I'm like, this is ridiculous. Now I know why you wear all black. It would take too long to try to figure out what to wear. Come on, that's funny. Come on. Oh, my God. Come on, that's funny. Oh, the humanity on this. MLK day. Come on, Earl, that's just a good joke. Are there any assault rifles nearby? Should we spend the Reverend Dr. Martin Luther King's birthday, a room full of white guys just ragging on a black man? Is that the way we should celebrate the birthday of the Reverend Dr. GYN, Martin Luther King? Who's your doctor? I never saw him with a stethoscope on. Is that how we should... Oh, come on now. I'm outraged. I better come up with Reverend Allen. It's a really team race. Earl was just doing his job. Hanging pictures. What's the problem that took six hours? Sometimes it takes me that long at Kentucky Fried to go through six buckets of chicken. Reverend Allen loves Kentucky Fried. Sometimes I wake up in the morning and I understand Earl's hardship because it takes me that long to see if my big Volkswagen Hubcap Metallica is level. The same way because my body is as big as a wall so it's like hanging a picture. A little to the left, no, a little to the right. A little closer to the right nipple. Reverend Allen's big man boobs. But I'm outraged that a room full of white men are ragging our black brother Earl. Even though he's just black on the outside. Dave, what's up? Hey, how are you guys doing? You guys gotta stop ragging on Earl. He's trying to do his best. He just wanted all the pictures to be level. Make a nice presentation for all your patrons coming into the place. Just like all those quirky Steinbrenner's in the store. You know when they're packaging your groceries and taking all their sweet time. You gotta have a little sympathy for them. Alright. Alright, our line two is Nigger Charlie. Thank you, Dave. Nigger Charlie checking in. Charlie, what's up? This here here is Nigger Charlie. My brother Earl be making Nigger Charlie look bad. I'm making Nigger Charlie look bad. I'm making all this long day hang up some pictures. I don't clean up the West anymore. You're making hanging pictures up. Nigger Charlie can't handle this. Alright Charlie. Alright, thank you, Chuck. Nigger Charlie gotta go. Linda, what's up? Hey, how are you doing? Good. Well, you guys gotta stop picking on Earl. Because it takes a while to get pictures hung properly. First, you gotta get the architectural plan. Okay, you gotta make sure everything's perfect. Right. Yeah, stop picking on him. Alright Linda, thank you. Oh, the Grease Man stuff. Grease Man show on Martin Luther King's birthday. Yeah. It's me, the Grease Man. I wanna comment on Earl hanging pictures. What happened, Earl? Took a little long, did it? I understand though. Sort of a handicap being a black man. What did I say? What did I say? Yaddle doodle bone dry bone dry. Yeah. Yaddle doodle. Yeah. No wonder it takes him so long to hang pictures. What? Yaddle doodle bone dry. Snarling, snarling. Yeah. What's the story? Yeah, maybe if you would have used chain-dang pictures. Yaddle doodle. What takes longer, hanging pictures or picking cotton? Yaddle doodle. Jump down, turn around, pick a bell of cotton. Yeah. It's the Grease Man show. I gotta say that a million times. Grease Man, not Opie and Anthony. It's character. Miss Diamond chooses characters. Alright, on the line. Everyone will see that. On the line, Anthony. Yeah. Is the guy that gave Earl the job of hanging pictures. Oh my God. We got right to the bottom of this. Matt Davode everyone. What's up Matt? I went to Parkway in South Jersey and I had to pull over to call you guys. Okay. I got lamb at the door. Happy holiday by the way. Happy holiday. Happy birthday MLK. Happy birthday to you. The Grease Man show. Waddle doodle. I'll never get another job in radio again. Me, the Grease Man. On N.E.W. Yaddle doodle, waddle doodle. Bone dry snarling Grease Man. Yeah. Alright Matt, so you gave Earl the job. Alright, the deal is Mark's kind of right. It's a two and a half day. The reason is we're not going to be able to get the job done. It's a two and a half day. The reason is we asked them to print out six to eight pictures to hang on the wall in the lobby. That's the computer. So then the computer broke down. Then our printer ran out of ink. And it took two and a half days finally. So the day of the hanging started at 9.30 in the morning. So the day of the hanging started at 9.30 in the morning. It was 9.30 in the morning and went until about 4.30. And the only reason Earl says they came in and changed their mind on how to hang them. We drew a diagram of how to hang them and he kept getting it wrong. We had two half moons. One to the left was in the shape of a C. And one to the right in the shape of a D. You follow? Yeah, I gotcha. They both went straight up and down and it slid across the floor. So finally Pete, the chief engineer, just quit and laughed. It was Pete's act. He was punching lockers outside the hallway there. He got so upset. So much for working on that next big Opiate Anthony promotion. We got pictures. Now I'm curious too. This is indicative of everything that happens at that station. How come on a holiday Ben, Psycho, Margaret, Earl are all in? Nothing better to do. Alright, very good. Anyway, my brothers, have a great afternoon. You too, Matt. Matt Devote everyone. Sick boy writing in on Insta-Feedback saying we better pray to God the rock isn't listening today. Alright, well thank you Earl. Thank you. Earl? If you're going to punch me, can you do that? I can't. Earl? If you're going to punch me, can you wait? I need five more days for my eyes to heal. Earl? Hello? Alright, he's not talking to us anymore. We used to do jobs that were called prevailing wage jobs. Let's say you'd make normally at ten bucks an hour, knockin' ten, maybe fifteen bucks an hour. These prevailing wage jobs, fifty dollars an hour. You'd get at these job sites where they'd have to pay these wages. We would milk these things for days and days on end. I swear to God it could be something as simple as you've got to put a 24 by 24 return grill in the ceiling. Should take half hour. Two days later. You've got to make sure it's straight. You've got to make sure it's level. You've got to make sure you're getting fifty bucks an hour. So if that was the case, then I truly do understand. Earl? If you're not going to use your mic, you've got to leave the studio. He's breathing really heavy. We can hear that. He's pissed. Earl, we've got to move on with the show. We're giving you the last word. If there's anything you want to say. I remain silent. I remain silent. Then with that we've got to take a break. Let's move on from the Earl thing. We're done with Earl. Earl? Yes. Opie and Anthony. Come on, those guys are fast. 1027 WNEW. It's the Opie and Anthony show. This is 1027 WNEW. We're going to try to move on from Earl. 212-757-1027 if you have anything. Mike from Manhattan on the Instant Feedback. Opie, according to my calculations, your doctor could have restored vision to about 24 people before Earl could have hung six lousy pictures. MLK would be proud today. Earl's really pissed for the first time. I know. He is truly pissed. Matt, what's going on? Really quick, get the bell ready guys. I figured out why Earl couldn't hang the pictures so quick. Because he's got a natural fear of any kind of hanging. Oh, come on. Thank you very much. That's wrong. Thank you, Matt. Jesus Christ. Timmy, you're next on WNEW. How are you doing? What's going on? Listen, you guys better rip up Bob Shannon on 101. Why? Because he was just ripping you guys up. I was flipping through the stations while you guys were on break. And he said that they were going to tell you the news paper that they just cloned them to monkeys. Now that you guys have somebody to take your guys place, you guys should take a break. That's pretty funny. Everybody's talking about the Opie and Anthony show. We don't mind. We don't care. Keep talking. Alright guys, later. CBS taking jabs at us? Yep. That's oldies, right? That's the elephant graveyard. That's where the old jocks go to die. I don't know. Alright guys, later. CBS now? We must be getting popular. CBS is now taking shots at us. How could they even do that? Isn't that just the music station? They have strict rules. You're supposed to just seg the songs, shut up, maybe talk about how cold it is out and go to the next Sherelle song or something. Hey Donald, what's up? Hey, how are you doing? I was just listening to CBS. My uncle had it on and he said that they cloned twin monkeys. And he said Opie and Anthony can take a vacation now. Keep talking about us. That's pretty funny though. I can't believe it. You guys are great, man. Thank you. You guys are fantastic. How could you never show up down at all those WOW shows over here in Newark Park, man? When WOW gets going again, we'll be all over the place. I hope so. We're going to see you guys. Alright Donald, take care man. You've got to give them something because that's a pretty funny line. It's a funny line but if you're going to try to get to us, you've got to come up with something a little bit more than that. CBS have fun! They cloned a couple of monkeys. Looks like Opie and Anthony could be taking a vacation. Get some CBS music. We'll do it how they did it. Probably in between records because they only get like 15 seconds to do their shtick Anthony. Let's see if we can talk it up like they do over there. I wish we had the echo. We need the massive echo chamber. Where it sounds like you're playing basketball in the gym and doing a radio show at the same time. Yeah, you're on a basketball court it sounds like. Hello love! We don't have that though. I don't know why they do that. We must be pissing off just everybody in this business. Well our pals at the radio message board, the industry little dumping ground for all the people all week and long and today. Once again we're just the popular post. Alright Ant, you want to be the CBS FM DJ? What song is it? Dissing Us Joy to the World. Oh yeah? Guess you have to do it right up to the post Anthony. Okay, I'll try. Hey CBS FM, it's Harry Balls here. Oh this is a short intro. Yeah we need a long intro. I can't say who I am, the station and rag us. Yeah we got a little, how about a little, hmm. Let's see. How long is the intro to like knock three times? I don't know, let's see. Hey Harry Balls here, CBS FM. You know I'm reading they cloned a couple of monkeys and the music is coming in now. We don't have enough time. We got one? We got a long intro. How many seconds? Yeah that could work. Alright here we go Ant, give it a try. Ready? What is it? Hollies. Hey everybody, Harry Snatch with you, CBS FM. I'm reading in the paper today that they cloned a couple of monkeys. Looks like Opie and Anthony are going to be able to take a vacation. The Hollies, one cool woman in a black dress. This one taking you right back to September 1972. Yeah that's not bad. Yeah. Bravo. Didn't have any more to babble. Alright well do you want to do like a little weather break? Here do a quick weather break over joy of the world. This is what real DJs do. We can't even imagine doing any of this stuff for real. Ready? Yeah. Hey, Camel Toe here. You just got the wrong song on big Opie. Alright give me this one. This is that other, oh my god, this funeral dirge. That's what they play over there though. This crap? Yeah. Why do we even have these CDs? Alright talk this one up here. Which one is it? Evil Ways. They're going to play this over there. They're going to play this Rick. You got to play those cheesy. Rick doesn't know the business man. They play like the worst music ever. The worst like snotty moldy oldies. Alright they play this. Do a quick quick weather break. You don't have much time here. Ready? Ugh. Hey Harry snatch with ya. Gonna be a little cold today. Make sure you put on your sweater. Sleepy ass ass ass. Hey girl whatcha doin' down? Oh ho. You're going to be freezing your testicles. You're going to be sticking to your ass crack. I've lost my friggin mind working here. At CBS FM. Oh ho. How ya doin' people? Remember it's really cold outside. So put on your sweater or you'll end up braided. It's like Opie and Anthony. Look I'm talking over the music. I'm going to get fired. Miss Tabri man. Miss Tabri man. I like the jackaberg. Is that a CBS FM? Are you getting better as we go along here? What the hell is this? Oh ho. Gypsy swamps and hoards. Of CBS. I'm bagging up a travelin' show. That's all they get to say though. Like that's pretty much the gig over there. You just got to do everything you've ever wanted to say in your life in like three seconds. You don't even get a chance there. Oh that one you know. Here try this one. Hey everybody. Harry Sack with ya. On CBS FM. You know they closed a couple of boxers. And I can't talk about it cause the music's starting. I wish I was over at EDW. See he had to. They don't give a crap. He had to pick the perfect song to do it. I think this one would do it for you. Here you go. Hold on man. Hey everybody. Harry Sack with ya. Coming up next, 9 year old boys with no teeth. Next on CBS FM. Hey. Oh ho ho ho. Hey. My brother. That was the one. Very impressed with that one. Alright, wait. Let's try this one. Remember the Cher song? Yeah. Alright, hold on. Uh. Hey everybody. CBS FM. I like doing aural on my dog. It's the Cherokee people. CBS. Cherokee people. Cherokee people. CBS FM. In Sepsis Peppermint. In Sepsis Peppermint. Strabbier alarm clock. I got my finger in my ass. CBS. Oh ho ho. These boots are made for walking or sticking in my butt crack. That's the Sinatra CBS FM. You keep saying you got something for me. You never close your eyes. There'll be more than that. You'll never know. What a tool. Keep talking about it. We don't care less. That is a talent though. You gotta give them that. One, two, three, four. Oh ho everybody. Harry snatch with ya. Bully, bully. That's how I like my girls with a big hairy gash. That's not bad. I got my skin. Hey everybody. Dick Kousinia. We're gonna be happy together with the turtles. Uh oh, I screwed up again. I think about you day and night. I'm right to think about the kind of love that can go to sleep. Hey Dick Kousinia here on CBS FM with the bump case. Wow, that was an easy one. Hey Cream in your snatch here on CBS FM. I like hairless ten year olds. On CBS FM. Oh ho, it's windy outside isn't it? And pretty cold. Make sure you wear your sweater. I like catching, catching hubbers. I'm catching one right now under the console. From Windy, CBS. I can get a job over there right? I think you can man. As long as you can goof on stupid stuff. You just gotta say inane crap in between all the crappy music. Hey everybody. Harry Crotch with ya. Oh I was just looking at the name of the song. Well this is a tricky job. I keep stepping on the words because I'm diddling myself. CBS. That's some gig they got over there though. If all you had to do was like during the music plan out what you're gonna do. You're gonna have to do it. That's some gig they got over there though. If all you had to do was like during the music plan out what you're gonna say over the... And listen to the beginning of the song play time. Hey the Osmond Brothers. You know I'd like to uh, I'd like to aidily rape the youngest one. CBS. Holy smoke. Wow I'm dying over here. Oh my god. That was a good one. Too funny. I think we've run out of songs. Did we? Rick's got 1963 coming up. The hits? Yeah. Okay here we go. Where is it? Here we go. Hey everyone Dick and Saiga here at CBS FM. Remember the Nambla Convention this weekend. If you like the hairless little nut sacks. CBS. I don't even care if people are finding this funny man. We can do this for another five hours. We're trying to find music as fast as we can. Let's see, let's try this one. Hey everyone Sacky Balls with ya. You know ever since I passed 60 my sack is like melted Turkish coffee. I gotta tell ya, agent gravity it's a bitch. CBS FM. Get the post there pretty good. I'll try, step down a little bit. Hey everyone it's your good pal Phil McCracken. Over here CBS FM, it's the association. This one taking you way back reminds me of the first time I had a man's unit in my face. CBS. He went away and you hung around. Hey shut up big. I gotta talk over here. CBS. God damn. My boyfriend's back and you're gonna be in trouble. Hey Lonnie Lonnie. My boyfriend's back. Oh brother. Yeah, it's the Jackson 5. CBS FM. That's what he was a black man. As opposed to what he is now a white woman. Wow. Even Earl's laughing. Earl you got the echo? Hello hello. Does that actually work? I just hear static. No it doesn't work that good. Damn I wish we had that. Hey whoa, wait a minute. Very good. Make it nice and loud for Andy. Hey everyone, Juan Valls here. CBS FM. I'm here in the gymnasium. And I'm hoping to find a few underage girls to bang. CBS. I can't even hear the music on this echo. Yeah. Hey Anthony, pass me the ball. I want to take a couple shots as we're in this gymnasium doing the radio show. Alright, let's play a game of horse. Okay. What a joke. See even Earl's laughing. We're all back together again. CBS. God damn. Hello love. Hello love. Roll on me. Hello love. I am BB. Harry Harrison. We're getting fired for this one. Alright, ready for another one? I can't rag on the legends. Where's my echo god damn it? Where's the echo for the man? Yeah, this will take you back to 1972. Three Dog Nights, Black and White. That's how I like them. Black. Yeah. I don't have an ending. I need a good song about like Fing. Do that one. Track one man. That's a hit. That's a CBS FM hit right there. Track one over there. On this one. Let me turn down your echo for a second. I love the echo. We might have to start using that here. I tell you I'm laughing so hard I'm about to have an angina. I know it's inside but that puts me in the same age group as the DJs on CBS. Alright, very good. Thank you John. Here goes John. Alright, turn up Ant's echo again. Here we go. Where's my echo? We just set this on a wall. Happy to be echo. Wow. Hey is this a live cut? Yeah. Alright everyone, that's John on CBS with a million of the Jets. You know this might as well be King's birthday I'd like to say. I think the Klan have some good ideas. CBS FM. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, hold on this one's good. Alright, hold on. Okay. If these old CDs won't even queue up. It won't queue up man. It won't queue up. It won't queue up. These things are so freaking old. Glenn, what's up? Yo, what's up? You guys are so freaking funny. I was driving around. I did triple A road service. And I had a cigarette in my hand. I almost burned myself and ran off the road. So freaking funny. Thank you Glenn. Alright man, you guys are doing great. Bye bye. I like the echo. Is that coming in good? There it is. Ready? Yeah. CBS. I like it. I like it. Come on baby. You're gonna get your home. Andy, what's up? You guys are killing me. I was 17 and me and a guy next to me was obviously listening. He was laughing his ass off too. Almost hit each other on the highway. Hey, is the echo coming through good? Yeah. Alright. Bye. Here we go. Hey everyone, it's Haywood Jibobie here on CBS FM. This one Billy Preston going back to 1974. Nothing from nothing. You know, I think Adolf Hitler was a good guy. CBS. Nothing from nothing, Steve nothing. You gotta have something. If you wanna keep me. He's gotta get his ideas in quick. Hey Frank. Yeah. What's up? Do you guys think this actually is hysterical? Yes we do. You think this is really funny? Yes. Alright, caller Frank you're on the air. This is really, I've been listening to this. It's about Justin Slider. I don't think it's funny. You know, CBS FM is the station that's responsible for bringing rock and roll to this city. Oh Frank. Looks like Hitler missed a few. CBS. It's not funny man, it's just not funny. It's not funny, he's saying it's not funny. It's not funny. It's not right man, it's just not right. Is my echo coming through because that's all that matters? If your echo's coming through you need a little bit more if you want to know the truth. Alright Frank. What's the deal with that other station? I don't understand it. I don't understand it. Why are you mocking on CBS FM? And I'm dedicated and I will play just a little understand you. Take you right back to 1962 Frank. We understand you. We're listening here at CBS FM. Hey we might as well take care, you know, take advantage of this gymnasium. Let's play a game of handball while we do our radio show. Got some handball there? Since we're broadcasting from a gym. What is the purpose of the echo at CBS FM? CBS is to help enhance my voice so you can't tell I'm 101 just like our frequency. 101 CBS FM. God damn. I'm going to apply for a job over there. Wait you missed a good one over here too. Alright, ready CBS FM DJ? Yeah, whatever. From the CBS FM, how you doing people? This one is going to bring back some memories of those black exploitation films. What is this, a deep squat? I thought it was a sham. I can talk through the whole thing because there's no words in this. I can talk through the whole thing because there's no words in this song. So I can talk it up right to the end. Hey let's go touch some children. CBS. I bet Frank didn't like that one. Frank that just called in didn't like it because he's a child toucher. CBS. Hey Frank Dildo here. This one is going to be taking you all the way back to 1974. It's David Essex, rock on. And boy I got a rock hard one here in my pants. Just thinking of, I was fascinated by the junior high school earlier. CBS. You're going to be next on your own keister. Let's go out and sniff some young nannies. Come on Lindsay. CBS FM. Yeah, Harry's back here. It's Paul Ancombe, lonely boy. I'm pretty lonely too. Uh oh, I ran out of music there. What would happen if that actually happened on CBS FM? I just came jogging, I'm so lonely I got blue balls. CBS. Hey just saying with you here on CBS FM. Reminding everyone, do a public service announcement. Get those herpes vaccinations. Because you don't know who I'm going to be bagging. CBS. Hey it's Wake Up Little Susie the Everleaf on this one. I like it when they're asleep. I can bag them, they never know it. CBS. It never ends. Maurice what's up? How's it going? Mr. Tambourine Man. Yes? What's up Maurice? Not too much. Tell you, you know, sounds just like CBS. Okay, thank you Maurice. What song are you going to have on next? Okay, there goes Maurice. Artie you're next on WNEW actually. How you doing guys? WNEW Artie you're on. I hated those guys when I used to listen to them as a kid. This is the funniest skit I have ever heard in my whole life. We're going to get jobs over there at CBS FM. You guys are much better than those clowns that used to be over there I'll tell you. Hey bloody anus here on CBS. I want to remind everybody at the NAMLA convention this weekend. Don't forget, tight little supple buttocks. Sponsored by us here at CBS FM. Nine year old boys, not a hair on their sack. Gio? Yeah man? What's up Gio? How you guys doing? Good, what's up? Make it fast. Yeah listen, I want to hear some Beach Boys. Can you hook me up with some Beach Boys please? Yeah let's find some Beach Boys. Can Harry Sack hook me up with some Beach Boys please? Harry Sack, Gio will hook you up with some Beach Boys. Alright Harry Sack man. Hey Gio, where are you calling from? I'm not going to be in on this, I've got to have an echo too. Gio from Manhattan. I want to hear some Beach Boys. Let's go surfing now everybody. Come on a safari with me. Come on and enjoy. Early in the morning we'll be starin' out. They talk too much. Yeah we need like an intro for Harry Sack. In the meantime, we'll get to Gio's request in a second. But here's another one for everyone out there in Radio Live. Hey everybody, Claude Balls here, Frankie Amelon from 1959 Venus rides with Penis. What I like having in my face, CBS. Penis if you will. Please send a little girl to meet a girl. Yeah I like the line in that song. I could apply for this job of a radio DJ. Over there at CBS. Anthony what's up? Oh guys man, 5 o'clock on a Monday you got bit of the week already. Oh my God. I'm driving down Sunrise Island, you're killing me man. No one else will play this four times this week. Guys man, you're the best. Peace out. Peace out. Everyone from 1958, the teddy bears to know him is to love him. Love love love just to see. Well now we're getting the request coming in here. Oh great. Andrew what would you like to hear this afternoon? Listen, bloody anus, could you play a little three dog night for me? Andrew wants to hear, where's my echo? Oh sorry. Andrew wants to hear some three dog night. I remember I had a three dog night once. One on my face, another one I was wagging. And the other one was licking me, you know where. CBS. Thanks guys. Alright Andrew. Bye. Yeah this one, James, baby Cortez. It's called the Happy Organs this time. I have a happy organ in my pants. Just thinking. Oh there it goes all over the console. CBS. Just had an accident. Jesus Christ. You shake my nerves and you rattle my brain. You bite your love dies a man insane. You broke my will, a bullet free. A bullet free. Great balls of fire. Great balls of fire, Jerry Lee Lewis. I have great balls of fire. I banged some bitch last night. I don't know what she asked. CBS. I don't know what that was. Rick's holding up fingers to me. Bill what's going on? Yeah how you doing OPM? I'm about to announce Backwards Oldie from CBS FM. Oh a backwards oldie huh? How does the backwards oldie work? Oh you place something backwards and someone has to guess what it is? That's it. Alright we'll have to do that. You guys are great. The backwards oldie. Alright thank you. The moldy oldie. Mike what's going on? Dude I got a request. I want to hear some Stevie Wonder. I don't want to know when the cousin Brucey-Ala comes on. Jake. Alright bye. Hey big dick is in you here. It's the Crass 16 Candles. Suck me CBS. The Crass 16 Candles. The Crass 16 Candles. The Crass 16 Candles. The Crass 16 Candles. The Crass 16 Candles. The Crass 16 Candles. None of the jokes ever ends. I want to know when you're selling cigarettes. It's ostic shock Itch in a Nosec colle apologize. God, did you bet on that? five-second it was funny that we just go into the ground and i think that you know i think you know you can talk about a station has been as long as forty years yes all this station's been here even longer yeah exactly look what they're down to look what you got to do uh... there's a reason for that and and all that's around with that stuff that you did how we just wanted to see how long it's it would take someone to call up and say no cannot happen all right thank you all right frank and for you i have a request yeah here at this one's going out to you frank okay persiluence get a job you loser frank frank's a child toucher cbs it's not funny man frank says it's not funny it's pissing him off cbs he's laughing cbs frank's a homo cbs haha come on we're just having fun we've run out of music i don't know haha i think frank just can't make it stop one more make it stop make it stop uh... yeah we gotta we gotta end up on an up note here an up note all right here we go clawed balls here this one going back to nineteen sixty one the lion sleeps tonight for chokers lion wouldn't be sleeping if i were there i'm into bestiality i'll bag anything with a hole cbs haha haha haha haha brother so they have a cbs fm they uh... they make fun of us with one lousy line and we just did about an hour on that thank you thank you for giving us an hour of material haha haha false uh... correct record through haha enough is enough is enough no point to say when the scott what's up a guy's too funny listen i just want to know two things one when the cubby tom start working for cbs literally where you guys need to work next week just say they have a couple database  complicated well till that was a transplant here uh... I think Chubby was a fag. Save me that. I got a Chubby in my pants. Hey Bill, you're next on the show. What's up? Hey what's up guys? You guys rock. I just want to say that you guys always amuse me when I'm in the car. Greatest thing ever. Thanks. It's a nice byproduct of just amusing ourselves because I think that's all we do in here. If it happens to amuse someone out there, fine. Oh listen, I turned all my friends on to listen to you. It's the greatest thing in the world. We think you guys rock. I've got to tell you though, I've been waiting for years for someone to go off on CBS FM. My father has tortured me forever with that damn station. That's the father's station man when you're in the car. It's all, oh god, dad, CBS. Continually. Alright, thanks for that guys. You guys rock. Keep it up. Alright man. Bye. Bye. God, that was fun. That was a lot of fun. Hey Billy. Hey guys, I tell you, I've got the flu and you guys are killing me. Don't die, we need you. Hey Anthony, you know how you can make Frank happy? How? Stop teasing CBS, do it WABC. That's true. Remember those, like Harry Harrison? Yeah, when they were music over there. Oh my god. Harry Harrison. Instant replay, replay, replay. Yeah, remember that? They used to do the instant replay, replay and play the same song they just played. Like back to back, the same song. Yeah, Grease is the word, have you heard? Have you heard? Again, 20 times in a row. You sound like you're broadcasting from my colon for god's sake. No, it doesn't sound that big. Oh come on. Alright Billy. Hey guys, listen, you be good. We'll get stuff coming in tomorrow. Alright, Billy from Heirsic Productions, everybody. Bye guys. Bye Billy. Alright, we gotta take a break Anthony. Okay, take a break. One more? Oh my god. One more? Alright, better be good. Hey, it's Jimmy Jones, handyman. I'm quite the handyman myself. I like putting my hands on any man I can find. CBS. We'll be right back. Alright, after these words. You always go on too far. More stupidity on the way. Stay right where you are. Opium Anthony. Can we get these illiterates off of the air please? Please stop. If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen. 1027 WNEW. It's the Opium Anthony Show. On this fine MLK day. 1027 WNEW. Yeah, everyone's just using the initials now. MLK. Everyone got to, it's Y2MLK. Y2MLK. Very good, yeah. I want to throw in as many initials as I can. And let me read the phone number way behind your head there with my new eyes. 212-757-1027. People enjoy the CBS FM bit it seems. Yeah, a couple of people are angry with us about it. Well, one of those guys is angry. He's on the line. It's Cousin Brucie everyone. Cousin Brucie. Cousin Brucie. What's up guys? Something tells me this isn't Cousin Brucie. Listen here. You guys be making fun of me. I'd be having to sell carpets on UPN. Yeah, it's carpet. It's a carpet on his head. Oh, listen. Who are you talking about? Cousin Opium Anthony? Well, it was a good show. Cousin Opium Anthony. Hey cousins. It's your cousin. Your cousin Brucie. Kevin, what's up? Hey, how you doing guys? Don't you guys work for CBS? Yeah, yeah, that's the trouble. Is that like why they make you work two to seven while every other jock at the station works a three or four hour shift? Let me tell you. We are the best at cross promoting our company's radio stations and TV. And TV stations. I can't find you to find another show on the radio that talks about their company as much as we do. Guys, you are killing me. I couldn't even do anything around the house for that hour. They don't under... The big bosses of this company just don't understand why we will not pick on other companies. I know. You're talking about a fun boom your own. Now we're going to get the call from the southern guy down south screaming at this bit too. Here it comes. Cousin Opium Anthony. Now look, you boys, you've been doing good lately. I've kind of been appreciating the direction you're going in. But I've got to tell you, you pick on stations in this company, we'll fire you as fast as you can look at me. I swear to God. Now look, we hope you have a long and luscious career in our organization. And don't think that just because you get ratings, that's going to keep your seats low. We will boot your asses quick and you can break. You don't screw with the company. Dude, they're going to have you working from like 6 a.m. till midnight. That was our punishment. That's your punishment, man. They're going to put you in there like 18 hours a day. You should hear the phone calls we get after we do bits like that. You think that's a bit that what Ancest did? We'll get the Southern guy again on the phone. He'll go, now look, I thought we just talked about this. You guys messing up with the CBS TV station last week. I thought you learned. We just get lucky like that. That was the station that was out there. And then the CBS FM, that's the guy that was goofing on us today. It wasn't ABC, so it wasn't another station. We used to work for ABC. I think that whole station used to work for ABC. Back when I was like... Radio is a big whorehouse. If you could get AIDS from like... If radio jobs were like sex and you could get AIDS from it, every jock would be dead. It's just a bunch of sluts and whores going around banging each other. You end up with the same mic in front of your face like a symbolic sween. Just laughing all over it. Hey, look, it's Rod Lundy. Last week, Harry Harrison was slapping on this thing. A bunch of whores. You guys are outstanding. Keep it up. That's a thing we were going to take today off. Sal, what's up? What are we? I beat the test. Hey, how you doing, guys? You guys rock. Thanks, Sal. I was enjoying that bit a lot. Who are these little wusses calling in complaining? I can't believe they were hissing and moaning about that. Because they can't take a joke. You can't dish it out, you know. All right, Sal. Thank you. All right, man. Peace. Joe, you're next on WNEW. What's up? He cousins. Yeah. How you doing? How you doing? Oh, God. That was the sickest crap. I mean, I'm telling you. I mean... I think he liked it. What's that? I think he liked it. Yes, I loved it. I practically loved it. Let me tell you something. CBS is like the lamest crap. Usually, you won't even bar acknowledge those old geezers and crap like that. It's fun. Everybody... I think I've been like five days with the material on this. Everyone's heard CBS. You're in New York. You listen to it. Yeah. I mean, unfortunately, I'm sick at home with the freaking flu. Right now, I'd be riding in the street with you guys. It's hard to keep a straight face riding it. Because I'm a best-drawer. I ride every day trying to keep a straight face. I look like a lunatic. I got him. Okay. You got that punch, Opie. Thank you. Okay, bye-bye. Take care. He cursed. He said the S-word. What do you got there, O? Let's see. New York, New York. First Lady Hillary Clinton chose Martin Luther King's birthday to come to Harlem and meet with two big New York newsmakers. Oh, brother who? What a crock of crap this is. The First Lady brought her Senate campaign to Al Sharpton's headquarters for a 20-minute speech to a packed house. I like her big fat white ass. Mrs. Clinton also met the parents of slain West African immigrant Amadou Diallo and spoke of their ongoing misery. She met face-to-face with Reverend Al Sharpton for the first time since she entered the Senate race, Anthony. Wow. She's finally in shows this day. The meeting is believed to be a signal that after some controversy, the key African American leader will support the First Lady's Senate run and not enter the race himself. It's great. We took her to the back room of the Apollo Theater and me and Alton Maddox put on the rotisserie and played three-card money on her back. She loved it. I had my big Volkswagen hubcap medallion banging off the top of her head when I was banging the First Lady. Man, but you know I'm not used to vaginas that abuse and use, like throwing a crowbar down a hallway. My God. What has she done? Well, I'm glad for Reverend Al because he's been screaming that she hasn't met with him. We played Pearl Harbor. I laid on my back like the battleship Arizona and she flew over and blew the hell out of me. Wow. Wolfman Jack's on line 12. Wolfman Jack, what's up? Yo, Wolfman. He's dead. Hello. Oh, I thought he was dead. That's why he sounded like that. Yeah, what's up, Wolfman? This is Wolfman Jack. Wolfman's laughing from the grave. What's up, Wolfman? You guys are killing me. Who the hell is that? That's one of our cronies. Oh boy. All right. Because we did like 50 minutes on CBS FM, we really got to take another quick break, unfortunately. All right. We ran so late in that last segment. So hang tight. We'll be right back. We'll be in there. We found a girl that could shoot stuff from her private area. More stupidity on the way. 1027 WNEW. Any Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner? Oh, you got to lose that weight, people. You packed it on for the holidays. Now you got to take it off. Stacker 2. That's what... Oh, wait a minute. Oh, are you trying to get me... I'm trying to get you the echo. ...on the ecstatic. I know. What did Earl hit? We got to get you the echo, man. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Yeah, there it is. All right. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Stacker 2. Yeah, you put on a little extra pounds over the holidays. You want to take that off? Use Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. What else does it do? It cuts down on your cravings to snack during the day. It also gives you a boost of energy, like we get here at CBSFM. I'll send our 101-year-old bodies. CBSFM and Stacker 2. Oh, my God. Are we getting some jenga? Help me, Spock. Help me, Spock. Now, that echo is heinous. Did you imagine having to listen to that all day? The sad part is they probably broadcast in a little closet, and they need to make it sound bigger than life, so they just add echo. Add some echo. Stacker 2. Got to sound like a lunatic. Muahahaha. We're like children. Jesus Christ. All right. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Yeah, it does the three things, Anthony. A very good product. They've been with us since practically the beginning. It crushes the cravings to snack in between meals. It gives you the boost of energy. And if it's called the world's strongest fat burner, you can definitely imagine that it will burn the fat on your jam, the fat body of yours. Okay? Lose that weight. They have a website, www.stacker2.com. That's stackertwo.com. Or give them a call at 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Thousands have proven it works. 1-027-W-N-A-W. It's Leo P. and Anthony Schu. Hey there. Having lots and lots of fun today. Got a freezing Monday. Yeah, it's very, very cold out there. Probably worse now. Light traffic though. Hopefully for you as you drive home. It's the holiday, the MLK holiday. Who had to work today? I don't know. It's very tricky this holiday because everybody's, the bosses get very paranoid to not give the people off. Because then they come off seeming like a racist. Like they don't consider Martin Luther King's birthday a holiday. So they just default to giving the staff off. Not this place. I mean it is a legal holiday here. But like smaller companies, like, oh, should I give them off? Should I give them off? I better. You better. Don't seem like a racist. We're pretty flattered because everyone had off today. A ton of people came in just to hang out with our show today. We appreciate that. Who's this? Sabina. Sabina? Yeah. What's up Sabina? You guys are killing me. Oh cool. Oh my god. I turn on the radio and I hear Anthony and Echo. I'm looking at the station like where the hell am I listening to? I need my Echo though you guys. It was too great. No more kids. Well we don't want to burn out the Echo bit, you know. We already did 45 minutes on it. Yeah really. I had to work today. I was one of them. Oh really? Where do you work? I work in a kid's dentist office. Since the kids had off from school. Wow, a lot of little dental appointments. Oh yeah. A lot of little biting little bastards. Yeah that's true. Hey listen, I was waiting to hear the airstrike and Echo on that guy Frank who was bitching. I was like come on guys, airstrike him. You gotta get him. Airstrike and Echo. My god, it might rattle the place apart. Frank was wrecking our buzz. Oh yeah. There's always one that wreck your buzz. Buzz kill. Buzz kill. Well thank you Sabina. I don't have one yet. Alright cool. Anyway, lead FU to Spazz who left me on hold for 20 minutes on Friday. We let Spazz have today off. Thank you. That is hilarious because if anyone's racist on the show, it's Spazz. And we gave him MLK day off. Yeah and I'm sure Earl is very happy that you guys gave him off today. Who's blood was the king? Why do I have the day off? I don't even know who that is. What's his name? Who is he? Sabina, how's the traffic out there? It's not too bad. I'm getting on a Route 80 right now. Kind of light though? Yeah. I'm heading north so. But heading south there was a bit of traffic. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Well thank you. Well thank you. Bye guys. So what did he do? Like invent the watermelon? What? No, what? I really don't know. Did he invent the secret recipe of KFC? Who's MLK? George, what's going on? Oh, you guys know it. Great. Listen, you bring up Hitler. You're bringing up the blacks. I got friends that are Jewish. I got friends that are black. And here I am making me laugh my ass off. Oh, you were laughing? I couldn't think it. I want to be mad. I don't like it. You pick out these people. I work with them. They're right next to me. I insist we got to listen to this on the radio. Got to listen to it. I got a tear coming from my eye. It wouldn't have been funnier. Like we said, we are equal opportunity offenders. Absolutely. Everyone is open to be skewered on this show. You guys rule. Alright, George. Thank you. Later. Bye. No one is safe on this show. No, no, no. You won't be hearing, apologize, yeah. Apologize, yeah. I'm just clearing the line. So if I hang up on you, it's not on purpose. We're just trying to move on with the show today. Okay, TJ. Sorry. All right. Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven. What else did we want to get to today? Oh, we want to talk about the Sopranos, Ant. Yeah. Well, I missed it last night, the season premiere. Why would you miss the season premiere? You're like the main Soprano guy. You talk about the show. You love it. Well, I'm no longer residing at my old house, which has HBO. So I'm moving into a new place. Over the weekend, I was doing some painting and stuff and cable doesn't come until Thursday. I see. Yes. But I got a great new TV. Oh, it's huge. Oh, it's huge. How big? You'll love the PlayStation on this thing. How big? It's like 40 inches or something. It's a big TV. Awesome, man. I can't wait to go to your- I got to get all new furniture. I can't wait to go to your groovy bachelor pad. My groovy pad? You want to go? No more figurines all over your place and stuff? There shan't be any figurines. What is the difference- Toys. Wait, Ant. Okay. You did let the cat out of the bag, so I can say that you're- Yes. What is your status right now, officially? Separated? Yeah. You are separated from your marriage. Pending divorce. Pending divorce after 10 years. It's going through. Now, what is the difference between the place you were living in, which I've seen, and your new groovy bachelor pad? Well, I wanted to make sure the kitchen had a tile floor for the radio-controlled vehicles. Okay. Because- You're like, you know who you're going to be like? Kevin Spacey from American Beauty. I didn't see American Beauty. Oh, you've got to see American Beauty. But it's like, yeah, no, there won't be any little hummels. You won't see a hummel. You won't see any precious moments. No precious moments or figurines or- There won't be any of that. No, there won't be any touching family photos all over the place. There will be stacks of pornography. There will be more toys than you could shake a stick at. I hear. You've got the brand new TV. That's it, yeah. And I'm trying to get a hold of Rockaway Bedding. I need a huge mattress to do some Major League banging on. Are you going to get like the swing? Yeah, the swing. Mirrors all over the place. The swing to hang from your huge banging bed? The rack. The rack. A bed of nails. Spikes, yeah. And a guillotine so I can chop her head off. Do you have cute little dishes anymore or no? Paper plates. Paper plates and- Paper cups, you nary wash of one. And jet glasses? Yeah, that's good. That's it, fireman's fare glasses. I've got to restart my collection. I lost them in the break up, Ovi. I lost all of my Green Lawn fireman's fare glasses. That's too bad. Yeah, yeah. Why didn't you take- Surely a bitch. Why didn't you take those when you broke into your house? I don't know. I wasn't really thinking about it. I was thinking computer equipment. Isn't that great? I got locked out of my own house. You're allowed to talk about how you broke into your own house now finally? Well, I wouldn't use the term like broke into. I'll say I made an alternate entrance. Well, after not being at your house for a while, you found out that the locks were changed. Yeah, I found when I went back for my computer equipment that the locks were changed on my house, Ovi. So what do you do? The house you paid for. Oh, I'm still paying rent on the house. Yes. She's living there and I'm paying rent and the bills and everything. How about that? That's great. What a guy. Yeah, the doors were locked. The locks were changed. I go to stick my key in the door. There's a shiny new lock on the door, Ovi. Shiny new. And guess what? My key don't fit on the place you're paying for. Yeah, with my stuff still inside. With your stuff still inside. Yeah. So I went around back to the back door thinking I might be able to use my key there. But there again was shiny new locks on the back door that has glass panes on it. Right. So I took the alternate entrance. You know I fit through two 12 by 8 inch glass panes. Very nice. Only had to take two out. Delicately removed them like the glazier. I'm sure you did. Yeah. And I crawled in. I swept up. And I took my computers and my clothes. Look at Rick looking at me shaking his head. And I shut up newlywed. Look at him. Look at Rick. What's your problem? What's the matter, Rick? Wow, Rick is really taking this hard. Why are you shaking your head? He's taking it so hard. There are so many things that have happened since you went home. I understand. And I've heard about things and I think it's really funny but maybe some people are listening and could be running. So this is all stuff that really happened. I don't care. I'm not denying that certain things happened. Everything that happened is fine with me. Fine with me. But it could be used against you. Like what? That I did that? All of a sudden I'm going to say I didn't go into the house that I'm paying rent in and get my stuff? I'm just saying. See, I've got to take his mic off. You're a bummer, man. You know what it is? You're a bummer. I want to hear the stories because this is fun. So that was it. I just grabbed my computers and some clothing and fled the scene. I just loaded it up and that was it. I left her everything else. I left her stuff in the house and stuff. How did you know that she wasn't home at the time? I was just a gamble, Opie, quite frankly. If she was home she probably would have let me take the stuff. I really didn't know. I was just asking. Why? Did I hear from somebody? I don't know. I don't think so. Who would actually call you and tell you that someone's not going to be home? She was gone for the day. Who would actually call and tell you she was gone at a party for the day? I can't imagine anyone who would do that. I couldn't either. Boy, that would have been handy. If somebody would have called me and said, yeah, she won't be there, you can go into your own house and get some of your own stuff. Because she's at a party. I don't think anyone would do that for you. Oh, sorry. We probably shouldn't be getting into this. So Rick, how's things going? How's the George Foreman grill working? People want advice from Anthony. Fred, what's up? Yo, Anthony. Hey. Hey, listen. I'm kind of pending on a separation itself here. I'm just curious, what can you tell me about how this whole thing went down? I mean, you just move out one day or how'd that go? Let's see. What do you do? Yeah, now it all depends on how it started, I guess. Which I can't get into at this juncture. Oh, okay. I understand. Yeah, no. If you're not a happy man, move on. Before you wind up old and not happy. And then say, no, maybe I should have done something. I figure, what the hell, you know, no kids. You know, I don't own a house. So it's like, that's the perfect time. Yeah, for you it was easy. I mean, I got a house I own. I got a wife and two kids. See? See? No, you know what? Then stay married. What can I tell you? No. Uh-oh, the first one of these coming in, I hope, will be on line three. Not good. All right, thank you, Fred. Listen, thank you. All right. Later, man. Jane? Yes? What's up, Jane? Why am I a jerk? Anthony. What? You sound terrible. Why? How old are you? I'm in my late 30s. Oh, yeah, yeah. You sound like you're 18 years old. Why? Well, you know something. What am I supposed to do? What am I supposed to do, Jane? I'm going to get a stack of porn. I'm going to get a big bed to bang everybody. You don't outgrow that stuff, Jane. No. Maybe you did. Men don't. You don't? No. No, not at all. It doesn't matter. Like I told you, I saw, I was in a Dwayne Reid one day. I saw this old codger walk in looking for rubbers and videotapes. What? You don't outgrow it. Maybe you beat your man down to the point where he doesn't think about you. Yeah, maybe that's it, Jane. You beat your man down to the point of what? That they don't think about sex anymore? That's not my point. Your man looks at porn? No, no, no. You know what? No, that's not my point. It's not about sex. All right. What's your point then? My point is how callous you are. I mean, you obviously were in love with this woman at one point and now you're married. Now you can talk so callously about being away from her. Well, because I can... You make her sound like an unbelievable villain. I mean, I know nothing about the sound of your divorce or your marriage. Yeah, see? You don't. I absolutely don't. But my God, don't you have any feelings for the world? I got nothing nice to say right now. Anything out of decency? Okay, yeah. You look at the bill. I'm a decency. You know, I can relate. I'm a divorced woman. Yeah, okay. I can totally relate. Oh, yeah, you can relate to me. You're the divorced woman. The guy has to pay everything. That's a bunch of bull because you don't know the grounds of my divorce or... Well, then he walked away from the situation and not paying anything. I mean, you probably wanted him to. To pay something? Yeah. I walked away with myself and my daughter and that's what I wanted. And he wanted to keep the money and I let him. I walked away with dignity. Well, okay, Miss Dignity. That's very nice. It is. Thank you for calling. I wish more women were like you. Well, maybe men like you would be happily married. All right. Good luck. Bye. Ugh. Hey, Vin, you're next on WNEW. What's up? Excellent, guys. How you doing? First of all, I'd like to say you don't suck. You guys rule. You're a fact. Thanks. Anyway, I got two things for a show. I'm going westbound in Jersey, all right? And the traffic is very, very wet and I'm going very, very wet, if you know what I mean. Okay. All right? And secondly, I'm thinking about getting engaged, right? But I'm not sure. I get tremendous pressure like you have no idea. All right? And in the back of my mind, things happened a long time ago and there may not be a little bit of trust there. You know what I'm saying? Uh-uh. What would you do? I've been, I'm 26. We've been together a long time. Who doesn't trust who? I don't trust turning away for things. Uh-uh. So it makes me wonder, you know? You know, that's like a sticking point. You better give it a little more time then. Yeah, right? Yeah. I'm just saying. But she comes up with deadlines like crazy. I'm not supposed to go through deadlines. Oh, deadlines. You should never listen to deadlines. I know. You feel like you're being led into it faster than you want. I'm going to have like 20 deadlines by now. Oh, boy. Go for a few more. Go for a few more, right? And get these two words into your vocabulary. Pre-nup. What's that pre-nup? Pre-nup. Yeah, honk. And another thing, I'm thinking I invest my money wisely. Yeah. Right? And she sees it as spending and I see it as investing. You know what? That drives me crazy. You know, that drives, you know. All right, man. So one more thing. Game day 2000. I think it sucks. Oh, really? I hate it. I haven't played it yet, man. Yeah, don't look forward to it. Play Madden instead. I was too busy watching Jimmy Johnson practically have a nervous breakdown on the sidelines. Oh, my God. Woo-hoo! I need to get two points. I should go to Pittsburgh because I'm a steel fan. Start where he had already began to get a shot. I think we could all agree that we were so freaking happy to see Miami get crushed over the weekend. Destroyed. Destroyed. I turned it on the first quarter and said, what happened? This time it's over. And then I couldn't play an after because I love a thrashing and I hate the doctor. I love a thrashing. Jimmy Johnson needs a haircut. I had to watch every single play. Right. You enjoyed it, I'm sure. Oh, without a doubt. I feel bad for Marino. He's a great quarterback, one of the best ever. That's pretty much it for him, though. Yeah, that's it. I know he can do better. But guys, I'm going to go. You are the best. I watched Raw tonight. It's going to be tremendous. Ah, you had to say Raw. Oh, so you know, it's awesome. I can't, but the show has turned upwards. I love it. All right, man. The Rock is coming back Thursday. Right. He should turn into The Rock. All right, man. Thanks. Thanks. Bye. Later. Bye. Oh, man. I'm going to call you a pussy on line three, Anthony. Wow. Evan! Yeah? What's up? Anthony. Yes? Why such a puss, man? Why am I puss? You moved out. You're paying the bills, right? Yeah. Why didn't you kick her out? I don't know. You're the man with the money. You're the one paying the bills. Your name's on the papers. Kick the bitch out. Didn't seem like a decent thing to do. Screw decent, man. You're going to go find a new place. I go through all the proper channels. I'm trying to be a responsible adult in this situation. So that's what I'm doing. Hey, this is just reinforcing the reasons I wouldn't get married to my current old lady. There you go. Fortunately, I'm smart enough to keep all the out papers and everything in my name only. Smart man, Evan. Yeah, thank you. All right, man. Take it easy, guys. Bye. Hey, Joe, you're next on WNEW. What's up? Hey, Anthony. Hey. I had to do the same thing, bro. I'm sorry. I'm sorry a lot of guys had to do that. Oh, the storm door is locked. I finally get past that. The door, the lock is changed. At this point, I'm human. Give it a good kick. I'm in the house. You kicked it in? Oh, yeah. Jesus Christ. I get downstairs in the house, and I'm at this point, I got to get clothes out because I walked out of the house with a pair of pants and a shirt. I need some clothes. I open up the closet doors. On the floor they go. My fist just isn't getting any better. She's going to think the house is raw. I'm looking through my dresser and stuff. The dresser's raw breaks. I had to get out of the house. I thought I was a thief. I know. You feel like you're a thief. It's terrible. Dude, I know what you're going through. I've been there for the past two years. I've seen you at Gov'n, and I took a picture with you. Two years. And if she's with that other idiot, the bloated moron? No, no, no. He's the biggest jerk in that courtroom when he walks in. Oh, that? Oh, yeah. Yeah, that one. The bloated jerk. Oh, why? You got that too? No, she doesn't have him. I see him in the courtroom, and as soon as he walks out, every lawyer turns to each other and goes, what? And a hole. Hey, guys, you guys are killing me today. Have a good one. Anthony, hang in there, bro. I'm fine. See you later. There goes Joe Anthony. On the line, another Anthony. What's up? What's up, man? I just got to let you know what you just described constitutes a burglary. Now, how does it constitute a burglary? You voluntarily left the house, and you broke in. So be careful what you say. Hey, hold on. No, no, because I've looked into this and thought about it. Yeah? I'm paying for the house. Nothing was in writing yet. There wasn't even a verbal thing to come back in a couple of weeks. But to lock me out of my own home, I'm getting in for my stuff. When you voluntarily leave, though, they got you by the balls. There's nothing you can do about it. I'm fine. I mean, everybody hang in. They make it sound like, hang in, hang in. I've never seen Anthony happier, to be honest with you. All of a sudden, don't I come in with like a skip in my step? I've got a step. I mean, Opie, have you been raped by your father lately? Ripping me off. Yeah, we're taking this Howard Stern one a bit too far, aren't we? Yeah, I mean, I've been fans of both of the shows, but I think you're copying a little too close. Do you think, why, you think this is a bit just to sound like Howard? Well, the similarities are striking. I know. Believe me, when he announced it, I'd already been like out of my house for a couple of weeks at that point. And I'm like, oh, now everyone's going to think I'm ripping off Howard. Oh, all right. Well, hang in there. I'm sorry. Bye. Dave, what's going on? Hey, guys. Hey. All right, can I be the first listener of Bang Anthony's wife? Jesus Christ. Can I get your old address, maybe? Phone number? That's a bigger deal. You're going to have to work on that yourself. All right. Bye, Greg. Bye, Ann. Bye. Guy called me Greg. Carlos. Hey, what's up, guys? How are you? I'm on my way to Raw right now, New Haven, and I was just thinking about why I think the Rocks are not going to be on your show. Is Raw going to New Haven tonight? Yep. Are they doing it live? Yeah, they're doing it live. I hope you get some signs up there. Get some Rock signs. I wish I could. Wasn't there a pay-per-view last night? No, that's coming Sunday. Yeah. Dave, what's up, Paul? Saturday, the other day I've had just patients for about two hours. I don't know if you guys know that or not. What do you mean? Eight in 10 is doing like a World Rumble radio show in every market, pal. New York, for some reason, it came out as one of 2.7. I think the reason why Rocks in the Backyard is not really to do a discussion about what happened before. I think this is more like a plug. You guys should really shout them out. I'm like, look, I think... WWF Radio on this end. Go on their website and look at their radio show coming up this Saturday. Yeah. If you come over to the New York Market, it comes out as WNW 1 on 2.7. That's the station for New York. I'll be carrying it. All right. Well, it's going to be interesting. They're coming back this Thursday and we're going to see what the hell was up his ass when he was here last time. I think he's trying to use you guys. Well, we're going to make sure we get our points across. That's all. All right. Cool, guys. All right, Carlos. All right. Thank you. We have to get these out? All right. Let's take a break. A lot of good calls though. If you're on hold, you're going to have to call back because we've got to give away some wrestling tickets. Tickets to see the WWF Raw's war at Madison Square Garden on Monday, February 28th before you can buy them. Tickets go on sale Monday, January 24th at 10 a.m. We'll take the 10th caller at 212-757-1027. Sometimes you feel like a man. Booty doody. Sometimes you don't. You guys are going to burn in hell. What the hell? OPF. 1027. 1027. WNEW. It's the OP and Anthony show. Having a lot of fun for a day we were supposed to take off. We were going to do more stuff today. Oh, sorry. Still lots to do on the show. If you got something, 212-757-1027. What about David Letterman? Everyone is talking about it. There's not much else to really say about it. But, man, I didn't see that one coming. The guy takes care of himself. He keeps his weight down. Supposedly he eats perfectly. He runs, Anthony. Really? Yeah. Oh, yeah. The only thing he does is smoke cigars. Cigars, yeah. I thought he might have been pigging out and stuff and not exercising. It just goes to show that a lot of this is hereditary. Genetics. Genetics, you know. Wow. But he had all five done. All five. He had a huge cholesterol count. Yeah. And I guess his father died when he was in his early 50s. Yeah, young. I mean, they're pretty lucky to catch this in time. Yeah. Now they're saying he might be back in two or three weeks. That would be unbelievable. They were saying like three months. Well, now today they said it's possible he could be back in like two to three weeks. Actually, Regis was saying it this morning. Regis, the expert on... Regis. On heart trouble. Who wants to be a bypasser? Whoa, what is that? Oh, God damn. I don't even want to joke about that. That's terrible. No, I can't joke about it. My dad had that done. That's awful. It's an amazing thing what they could do though. Yeah, they pull some arteries out of veins out of your legs. Don't they do? My dad had a quad. They take the vein. This is going to skeeve you out. They take the vein all the way from your ankle all the way up to your groin. I'm getting nauseous. And then they cut that up and that's now your arteries leading from your heart. My dad had it done seven years ago. It changed his life. Completely different person afterwards. Really? So Letterman should be fine. Yeah. But we wish him the best. Of course. It's going to be weird to have Letterman reruns for what, three or four months? Are they doing reruns? Are they going to get a guest host? You would think CBS would have someone they could maybe just throw in there for a few weeks. That would be kind of cool. Like the old days when Johnny used to do it. Right. When Johnny would take off. When Johnny was out. A guest host. Yeah. You'd have like, you know, Joey Bishop would sit in or something. Yeah. They don't have a guest host for him, I guess. No. How else? What? Big bash at Radio City? Hmm. Any food puffy, I heard? Yeah. The chorus of Booze greeted Rap and Posario showing puffy cones. He's getting booed now, wherever he goes? I think this is going to mark the end of his career, to be honest with you. Yeah. How the mighty have fallen. Boy, there's a picture of the paper and the post. Star Jones. You see this? No. Oh my God. Let me see. If anyone shouldn't go sleeveless, it's Star Jones. Let me see. Does she have the cafeteria lady arms? Cafeteria lady? It is a friggin' ham on the side of her. Oh! Look at that arm. Oh! Look at that arm. Oh my Lord. Lordy, Lordy. Star. Does she honestly look in the mirror and really think she's a diva? I'm a diva. She's a diesel. Letterman needs bypass surgery. She chugs on with that. God only knows what she's eating to support this mammoth figure of hers. You know? I love that too. She'd probably say, like, no, I just have a croissant in the morning. Hey, Jim. It's Opie and Anthony. We got you live in the air. How are you? I was right there. Do you want to talk to us on the air, though? Not actually, no. All right. Hold on. What's the matter? I caught him off guard. Hold on. That's Jim from the WWF. Oh, is it? He doesn't want to talk on the air, though. Oh, come on. Come on, Jim. What the? I don't know what the hell's going on, but they're setting up the rock interview for Thursday. Tell Rick we want to talk to him on the air. Coax him to get on the air. Yeah. Tell Rick we really want to talk to Jim from the WWF. Don't worry. We won't get all crazy on him or anything. Hey, Gary. What's going on? How you doing, fellas? All right. You guys have a great show. Thank you. Listen, as far as the letterman thing goes, I deal with a lot of this every day. It's not you diet and it's not that he's healthy. Most of what he has is caused by, believe it or not, stress. When you have all five done, it's usually related to either stress or smoking. But how does stress like clog the arteries? I could understand why a quarter pounder with cheese and then extra crispy fries could get the arteries clogged. Actually, out of the three things that cause what, you know, the disheartening of the arteries, diet is the least of the three. Smoking is the worst. But how does the stress block the arteries? What it does is it actually puts stress on the heart muscle. All right. And the stress on the heart muscle will release like an enzyme or change the beat of the heart. Or what? It's your whole body is a factory. And what it does is just gets affected by the stress that you put on your body every day. He mode the magnificent. Which means you guys will never have heart problems. You should see the stress around here. Too much stress around here. Yeah, I would imagine that Anthony probably be two, three hundred years old before anything happens to his heart. Yeah, sure. That's pretty mellow. And you guys got to do something about spaz on the phone. Spaz isn't even here today. I know he's not. That's the only reason I got through. All right, guys. All right, guys, be good and try to keep stress free. All right, thank you. Rick is in a heavy discussion with Jim from the WWF about the rock. We can't get, he's on hold. Hey, Jim. Jim. Yeah. Are you listening to us in the office I hear in the background? Yeah, we never stop. Very good. Really? Can I say your last name or no? Sure. Jim Burns from the WWF, everyone. In charge of marketing? Marketing, yeah. All right. So what were you talking to Rick about? Just talking about Rock's upcoming visit to your studio. Yeah, on Thursday? Have you spoken with the Rock since he was here last? Hey, Jim, turn down the radio. I actually just turned it off. It's almost impossible to turn you guys off, though. I like the sound of that. Yeah. Now, have you spoken with the Rock since he... I have. ...he visited here? And what is his frame of mind? He's very interested to see both of you. He's heard just about every show since he was on. Come on. And... In all honesty, has he heard Rock's a pussy yet? I think you guys should be prepared for a Rock that you may not have seen the first time. Oh, no. Come on. Come on, man. This guy could kick our ass. But wait a minute. Up until now, you've been saying you were going to kick his ass. I would like to use the self-defense suits that the ladies put on for rape prevention. I think there's going to be a lot of hum-a-na, hum-a-na, hum-a-na when he gets there. Oh, no. Look, I don't want to get beat up by this guy. He's pretty big. Does he have a sense of humor in that thick head of his? Yeah, that's true. We didn't detect any sense of humor when he was here last. Rock has an excellent sense of humor. An excellent sense of humor. You should see him laugh when he's beating the crap out of somebody. Exactly. It's quite a demonic grin, actually. Can you tell the Rock if he's going to beat me up to not hit me in the front of my face because I just had that laser eye surgery? Well, he actually doesn't know which one's Opie and which one's Anthony. He must be stupid. Opie's the one that said all the bad stuff. Who looks like an Opie and who looks like an Italian guy? That's real hard to figure out. I've actually been up to the studio, and I've seen you guys introduce yourselves as the other guy. We haven't done that. Just screwing people. I've actually been witness to that. So what can we look forward to on Thursday when the Rock makes his second visit? Well, I think he's very much looking forward to seeing you guys again. He's heard the Crocodile Rock riff. Which one is the Crocodile? Didn't you guys do a tag off on Crocodile Rock? No, it wasn't us. What was that? I think that was those yucksters over at K-Rock and Wilton D'Arvis. You guys will actually be held accountable for every single... Hold on, this thing? I think Opie found it. I've got to just make sure. Hold on. I hope this isn't the one the Rock is talking about. In the beginning the Rock was fun But before the show was done Sick Boy had changed the Rock's tone And he really pissed off this happy Simone The way he left was a real big shock With tears running down the face of the Rock Everybody thinks this whole thing's a crock But you must remember he's dumber than mankind's sock Well, the Rockman we've been cause of a dresslin' And something got the Rock deep Someone had to tell him about it Cause I doubt the Rock can read Oh, he's thought you fooled us, that ain't no can You look like a Cro-Megaman But you, Hippocrite Rock, you have lost some fans Oh, my God, come on, man. Jim, he didn't hear that, did he? I hope that thing is edible. Wait a minute. That might actually be force-fed on Thursday. Now that's from these guys that we know from Airsick Productions. It's not even ours. We can't take credit for that. Fine song. Oh, my God, we are so friggin' dead. He heard that? I think he did. He heard that? He heard that. He heard that. He heard that. He heard that. He heard that. He heard that. He heard that? I think you guys will have a lot of fun. Rock's gonna show up on Thursday. His limousine will pull up in front of your building. He'll have on one of his very, very expensive shirts and sunglasses. He doesn't really have to wear a jacket because he goes from a heated car into a heated lobby. So I think you'll see. Can we have him in a locked studio? No, seriously, like, we'll just put him in another studio. Is there time for you to build one? Oh, my God. Oh, I don't like this. Well, we're not going to the grand opening on Wednesday. We're too scared. Come on. We are. Wait, wait, wait. That's Wednesday? Big, big place. Oh, no, I'm going. I'm definitely going. And you know something? I think I could sell you out, so I'll be fine on Thursday. All right, I better go then, too. I'll just talk to the Rock the whole night. No, you know, that Opie, man, I'm trying to let him understand the way it is with us. You know, Opie, that blonde hair, you know how that is. All right, Jim. Okay, man. Well, we'll see you guys Thursday. Hey, good luck and get into the brace position. Is Raw, is Raw live tonight? It actually is. From New Haven? It's very soon. Yes, it is. When's that pay-per-view? The pay-per-view is this upcoming weekend. Royal Rumble on the 23rd at Madison Square Garden. You're going to be a couple of tickets? From Madison Square Garden. From a live? From Madison Square Garden. Can we get someone that's really cool from the WWF on our show, like Shane or someone? Shane O'Mac? Yeah. It takes a little bit of weedling and needling on my part. We'll see what we can do. All right, Jim. Okay, guys. There he goes, Jim Byrne. Talk to you later. From the WWF ant. We are screwed. Oh, we are screwed. The Rock heard the crocodile rock. I wonder if he heard the other one. Bart, I don't even want to hear that one. Play Rocks of Pussy. I want to hear that one. All right, give Rocks of Pussy. Bart, what's up? What's up? I saw Rock last night and I was like, hey, I'm going to play Rocks of Pussy. I'm going to play Rocks of Pussy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I told him he was going to be around, too, this Thursday. Well, he doesn't know who's Opie and Anthony, but I told him. He wants to know who Anthony was. Yeah, Anthony was definitely a lot worse. Hey, come on. Get out of here. Yeah. I told him, well, it's very easy to tell the difference between an Italian and a Cracker Irish guy. All right, you wise ass. Thank you, Bart. No problem. Have a good night. All right, bye. Anthony wrote that one. I did not. Paul, we're going to have to face this guy, dude. That's Airsick Productions. Adam, what's up? This is worse than that laser surgery for you, dude. Adam, please. Yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It was unbelievable, fellas. You guys should have been there. Where was it? Where was it last night? At the Continental Islands Arena. Oh, was that it? Yeah. You guys didn't see it at all? You guys realized you guys are dead on Thursday, right? Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. I think a good idea, Opie, would be to bring Anthony's wife in and have the Rock Banger in front of Anthony. Yeah. See if he wants as much as he did the last time he was in there. That's curious. I think I'm going to offer the Rock my girlfriend. That might be a good idea. I think I'm going to offer the Rock my girlfriend. That might be a good idea. I think I'm going to offer the Rock my girlfriend. That might be a good idea. I'd like to give him mine, that's for sure. All right, Kevin. Thank you. All right, dude. Later, fellas. What do you think? As a peace offering, just offer the Rock Sandy? That's my star. Please don't kill me. Here, do my girlfriend. They'll probably grab her by the legs and beat you over the head with her. Oh, man. Matt, what's up? You're next on WNEW. Oh, my God. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Thank you. Oh, my God. You guys are hysterical. Hey, listen. You know, when you guys were younger and you had a fight just before school or after school and you had the butterflies? Yeah. That's what I'm feeling that for you right now. If there wasn't like assault laws and stuff like that, I'd say you guys were dead. You know, this is no bit, by the way. We really don't know what's going to happen Thursday. I swear, man. Because we could have passed on it, but I'm like, you know what? After all the bravery we showed after the Rock left the studio, you know, we have to face them one more time. Yes, you do. Yes, you do. It's an obligation, I think. But I'm really nervous for you guys. I really am. Thanks. Thank you. Bye. I think we are going to get the Rock. Remember, we were like pissed that it was Dwayne Johnson that we got? Yeah. I think we're not going to like it much, but we are definitely going to get the Rock. The Rock. Oh. The Rock's a pussy. One guy is writing on the Instagram feedback, Ryan from Jersey. Can you guys do one more Tom Brokenjaw bit before the Rock kills you? Yeah, right. They're funny as hell. Opie and Anthony, two DJs from Long Island, here in New York City, dead. Killed by wrestler Dwayne Johnson, better known as The Rock. Tom Brokenjaw, NBC Nightly News. These two, people thought it was a bit, some kind of a wacky Andy Kaufman type wrestling gag. But no, it all came apart when The Rock beat them with each other. He actually picked them up and started banging their heads together until they hemmed all over the place. Opie and Anthony again, dead. The Thursday, but killed by The Rock. Tom, Tom. Yeah, yeah? Why are you so groggy today? Well, I was talking to the Rock about this story and he delivered the people's elbow to my head and I'm still quite... Alright, thank you Tom. And I'm still practicing, I'm staying over at Millennium. Millennium. You're almost there. Because I'll have to say next year when the actual change in the Millennium happens, you know it still isn't the change of the Millennium. Until next year. I just wonder next year how drunk Katie Krug is going to be down in Times Square when the actual Millennium rolls in. Will she be tossed laying on Times Square? There you go. Tom Brokenjaw... Alright, thank you. Mike, what's up? What's up dude? How are you? Pretty good. Good. I just wanted to say hi before you guys are dead on Thursday. Oh, you guys better respect and write in as much info as possible so we can be well prepared for Thursday's show. I'm not a religious guy, you know, but I'm going to say a lot of prayers for you guys. Alright, yeah, please. Thank you. I don't really watch wrestling too much, but I've seen that guy Rock and I'll tell you what... What's good? Yeah, yeah, you guys really did it this time. Thank you. Yeah, I wonder what the hell happened. How did we get off on the wrong foot? It's all that goddamn Sick Boys fault. Will! Get him in here, we'll throw him at him. We've got to throw someone for the wolves. We'll sacrifice him. Will, what's up? What's up? I'm calling you now. What happened first? Damn it. You hit me? Your phone's crapping out, Will. I'm gonna... He wants to say, yo, you white boys, I like you. Yeah, because you got... I just got word, right? And I got this white... Hey Will, Will, Will, Will, call back, your phone sucks. All right. Oh, now it works. What do you want to say real fast? All right, real fast. I got this white guy, all right? Nah, it's not working. Will calls back. Sorry about that. All right, now we've got to take a break. We have a very busy show this week. The Rock, of course, coming in Thursday. Stephen Lynch coming in tomorrow at 5. Yeah. That should be a lot of fun as well. Sure. And as we go to commercial, one of my favorite Stephen Lynch songs that we don't really play that often. Which one? Well, check it out. You know, seeing these beautiful women here reminds me of the very first love of my life, okay? My mother. Not your mother. All right, I'm going to sing about her. I lie next to her in the bed. She's the kind of girl I'd like to wed. Never mind the fact that she's dead. It turns me on. It turns me on. Sure, she's a little cold to the touch. That doesn't bother me much. Because the involvement did such a lovely job. A lovely job. She's a month dead and she's starting to smell. But if loving a corpse is a sin, I'll see you in hell. And now, I've got her propped up in a chair. She's losing her skin and her hair. And I wish that she wouldn't stare so much at me. So much at me. Yeah, rigamar is a taken is told. And her body is as stiff as a pole. But I'll never put her back in the hole. I dug her from. I dug her from. She's a month dead and she's starting to smell. But if loving a corpse is a sin, I'll see you in hell. I love you. Steven Lynch, everyone. He can't seem to stay out of the way. We got channel 2 news on. Got a megaphone and something to sing. There's Mark. There's Mark. Causing trouble on CBS 2. With the hugest wows on. Monsha Kramer is a tight-ass shrew. This is like interactive TV. He's a freak. Move over. Move over. What happened, Mark? What happened, Mark? Some CBS guy just got the police. You're a freak. You're a classless. You can't be doing that. What the hell, you're interrupting our own news broadcast. You know we're going to get in trouble by the company. Yeah, I know. Take on my heart. Dance with the mouth. With the mouth. Dance with the mouth. Dance with the mouth. Dance with the mouth. Dance with the mouth. Dance with the mouth. Dance with the mouth. Dance with the mouth. Dance with the mouth. Dance with the mouth. Monsha Kramer, she's very mad at me. You tell her go to our boss. More or not, I'm just hanging out. You should be allowed to do your job. I should be allowed to do mine. I almost pissed in my pants. That was the funniest thing I've seen in a very, very long time. Mark, I got one question for you. Yeah? What do you like to walk around with that set, you guys? What do you like, walk around like John Wayne? Wayne, like? Yeah, I just want to know, guys, when is the farewell show going to be? That's why you've got to listen every day. This could be it right here today. You never know. 1027 WNEW, it's the Opie and Anthony show. We broke out something from the Opie and Anthony archives to finish today's show. Yes. It's Martin Luther King Day, Anthony. It's the MLK. We figured it's worth one last play. Yeah. It's our discussion about Harlem, Anthony. Harlem and driving around up there and just being up in Harlem. Correct. So as we end this MLK Day... We'll leave you with this MLK Day. Right. The Sounds of Harlem. The Sounds of Harlem, and we'll see you guys tomorrow at 2, okay? Absolutely. Malcolm X Boulevard. Enjoy and thanks for listening. Malcolm X Boulevard. Stay away, Whitey. Stay away, Whitey. Crapper alert. Crapper alert. No cracker zone. It is a cracker free afternoon on Malcolm X Boulevard in Harlem this Saturday. When was the last time you were up there? Who, you kidding? Me? Let's see. When was I up in Harlem? Rick makes a good point. Friday, Friday on my way up to Massachusetts. Because I had a cut through Harlem. How many red lights did you go through? I don't pay attention to traffic signals out there. I don't pay attention to roads. I will drive on the sidewalk. I mean I'm going up on the sidewalk at one point. There's someone who's like, Whoa, my baby, look out for my stroller. Crazy ass, hog ass cracker. And it's like, Whoa, look out. You can't even tell where the roads are in that particular voice. Oh my God. The whole front of my grill was Colt 45 labels from when I was just going through garbage pails and stuff. Why? Rick makes a good point about the Million Youth March. It's going to start at 11 a.m. and it's going to be done at 11 a.m. Wow. As soon as Khalid Muhammad opens his damn mouth. And we must kill the light. Whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop. Everybody disperse. What did he say last year? He said grab the cops guns and use them against the... How is this guy getting another permit? Right. If somebody can say that and then you wonder why cops shoot. This guy was telling people if the cops come in to break up the controlled riot against... I don't know what that was. To grab their guns and use them against the cops. The cops. How do you say that and then the next year you're granted another permit? Freedom of speech, Anthony. Unbelievable. And Khalid's like, yeah, my brothers, yeah, rise up, rise up, grab the gun. The cops are here, let me run out the back. I won't be seen for months. The guy disappeared. Reverend Al Stanaway too? Yeah. He makes all the black leaders of the 60s and 70s really proud. Oh my God. Khalid Mohammed? Khalid Mohammed. I don't know. Guess where I won't be Saturday? Come on. Malcolm X Boulevard? Yes, Malcolm X Boulevard. Hi, Vanjie. We love Vanjie. Oh wait, I didn't go to Vanjie. Hold on. Vanjie, who lives in Harlem, on the line. Vanjie, what's up? We haven't talked to each other in a long time. You sound upset, Vanjie. No, first of all, why are you talking about like we got country roads up here? Where did you go through? It's not country roads. I think you missed a point. I'll be completely honest with you. When a white person like myself, I'll speak for myself. When I'm driving through Harlem, I am scared asless. Why? So what I do, and Anthony does it too, we drive through red lights and get the hell out. Because I don't understand it. You know what, let me fill you in. You know that white conspiracy? What white conspiracy? Well, there's a white conspiracy against black people, remember? Oh yeah. Part of it is we can run through red lights in black neighborhoods and we just wink at the cops and they let us off the hook. I'm sorry I had to fill you in on that one. That's part of the white conspiracy. What street are you going through that you're so terrified? When I'm going back up to Boston Vision, I just can never find that damn FDR. All of a sudden I'm on first av or something and I'm like, there's got to be an exit for the FDR around here somewhere. Oh no, I'm in the hundreds. Oh my God, that's 138th Street. How'd I get up here? Hey, this don't look like Midtown anymore. Where are the people in the business suits? But listen, the street... Oh, the paranoia that goes through your head. I don't know why. I'm just being honest with you, Angie. I really don't know why because you go from east to west on 125th Street. It's all stores. You've got Starbucks, Pathmark and all that stuff. And it's nice, so I don't know why you should be terrified. I don't see the stores because the hour I drive past, all those big grates are down in front of the windows. Because they pull down the big locked grates. I swear, I was driving through there Friday. It looked like a scene out of my video game Kingpin that I was playing. It just looked frightening. You guys exaggerate. Angie, but we're just being honest. I swear, there's not much of a bit here. This is what we do. The funniest line is Anthony going, Oh my, that's 120th Street. Oh, now I'm up in the hundreds. What happened? Where's the bridge, for God's sake? I got across a bridge to safety. I need safety. Next time if you come up here, I'll escort you through. And you can walk through and nobody will bother you. I would like to try that. But I'm telling you, I'm paranoid. I mean, there's white people that live up here. What's that? There's white people that live up here. Oh, no, there's not. Yes, there is. You stop spreading that word. Oh, come on, for real. You know that. Yeah, they're called pimps. No. Wow. You're crossing the line. Isn't that terrible? Oh, that was just a joke. You know something? I don't know much about Harlem. Because any time I've been up there, it's been at night when I'm driving to get to a bridge. I don't really stop and look around. Believe me, and I don't make any eye contact. And I leave about five car lengths in front of me just in case I got to make one of them quick getaways. Just in case someone, you know, get out the core. No, but it's not that bad. Get out the core. Well, there's a difference though, because I don't know. It's bad. My mind is bad. And I still got my stupid mask plates on, so it's just like, oh, brother, here it is. Hey, I'm a mark. Hi. Hi, brother. Yeah, no, I'm just down from Worcester, Massachusetts. I need directions to the, what's that? Is that a firearm? Listen, we're so uncivilized, we've never seen a white person. Hey, look, I'm raising the roof. I'm like you, homie. Can't we all just get a, put the knife away. Could you put, please put them. Oh, man. All right. It's all stereotype. I know, like yesterday, there was a Polish people today. It's not equal opportunity. No, well, hey, well, no, let's look. We did rag the Mexicans earlier in the hour. Oh, that's right, with the peppers and the mayonnaise. And the Hasidic Jews. There were a couple of jokes that came in for those folks today. Oh, okay. So. Okay, because I was wondering when we were going to get our chance. Take us up to Harlem one day and give us the tour. I want to see the Apollo Theater. I want to see, what did I say, the Apollo Theater? Yeah. Well, what else is up there? If you can take us for like a drive in your neighborhood. Yeah. Do you mind if we did it in an armored tank? Oh, please, go ahead. We're now on Malcolm X Boulevard. If you look to the right, you'll see, oh, look at that. Ladies and gentlemen, if you reach on your seat to find your Kevlar, put on your vest and your helmet, this is for your safety. As we drive down Malcolm X Boulevard, you may hear whizzing next to your ears, which you might think is a mosquito or a fly. These are actually small arms fire that are going right past your head. Do the tour buses really go up there? No, yes, they really do every day. Okay. And of course, we'll be disembarking from the bus to go on the attraction ride here at the roller coaster we call Crack Hall Mountain. Ladies and gentlemen, if you look to your right, there's Huggie Bear's Wild Ride. We'll be leaving the bus and going into an authentic 70s-style pimp mobile. Take Cadillac, you'll all get a complimentary hat with a big rooster feather on it. Thank you for taking Harlem tour lines. We're on model rules. It's night. No one else saying? Mike, what's going on? How you doing? All right. I just wanted to tell you guys, like, I'm a cop and I go home at night at midnight and I'm scared I got a gun on me. I blow the lights out. He has a gun and he blows the lights out. Yeah, cops got to be pretty cool with that. Like if you see some guy blowing lights in a bad neighborhood and you pull him over or something, it's got to be like, hey, you know, officer, come on, look around. Yeah, help me out a little bit here. You know where he's coming from. Come on. All right, Mike. Thank you. It is a small percentage of people, but I think the image that some of these towns have are a little scary. Let's hear from Starks. Starks. Yo, what's up? You're from Harlem? Yeah. This shit, y'all killing me over here, man. I understand. We're just being honest, though. We get a little nervous when we drive through Harlem. What do you want from us? Yo, I work in the projects, man. Nothing but nice people in Harlem. Yeah? All right. Nice people, man. Well, help us out. We'll listen to your side of it. Has it changed? I don't know. I just... You got to try to drive through Harlem, all right? It's like a different scene now. It's not like back in the day you hear stories. Yeah. Maybe that was true. I don't know, but right now... Maybe it's changed like Times Square has changed, you know? There's no more strut and everything is like Disney. Maybe Harlem is like Disney. Do you have a Disney store in the middle of Harlem? Disney. Not really. Well, you got Magic Johnson open up every day over there. Magic Johnson with his movie theaters, right? Yeah, you got it. No, Puff Mark... I hear they have bulletproof screens at the movie theaters. Yeah, you're killing me. You can bust a few caps into the movie. Hey, Starks, how far you have to go to get to a Popeye's Fried Chicken? There's one up there somewhere. Yeah, there is. Yeah. Popeye's can talk to you as you want. Well, Starks, what can you tell Whitey about Harlem? That we don't know. That we don't know. Listen, y'all got more respect than a regular brother up there. Yeah? You know what? You ain't trying to make the neighborhood get a bad rap, you know? Yeah. Check it out. I work with white boys all the time in Harlem. They cool. They bang. So we should just come up and visit and stuff? Why not? Check it out. Bring plenty of cash? You think we could do a live broadcast from the middle of Harlem? Yeah, put the Starbucks. Starbucks. You guys will walk by laughing at us. Look at the white boys in Starbucks. Yeah, right? White boys, well, I don't know why they put a Starbucks in Harlem. I don't think for the foot. We have to be educated, you know? We're ignorant. We are ignorant. We got to get up there and then take a look around because I'm just going off of what I heard and what I see when I'm driving through very late at night and it's very scary. Right. Yeah, what's the deal with that cop talking about he's scared? Yes. He said get the hell out of Harlem then. He says he's scared. When he drives home, he has a gun. He goes for the red lights too. Yeah, he's full of s***. I'm going to go in 150 if I get some head. Starks, you got some chops to you, man. We want to hang with you. You call back anytime. All right, no problem, dude. You're funny though, man. Yeah, and you guys suck. All right, thanks, Starks. All right, thanks. Bye. Starks trying to give us the other side of it. We obviously, Opi, we don't know anything about Harlem. We don't spend time up there. How can we make any kind of assessor? That's what we're pretty much proving here. Rosa, very pissed off at us. Rosa. Yo. Hey, what's up? Well, I mean, I'm black. I'm from Harlem. What's the deal? And you're listening to our show? Yeah. Man, I think that's awesome. Somebody got to listen to it. So help us out. We don't understand Harlem is what we're pretty much saying here today. Why is it that you don't understand Harlem? I mean, people up there, they just say skin is dark. We're naive white boys. We don't know about up there. Well, what is it that you don't know? What do you want to know? I don't know. We get the image like a lot of people have that it's very scary, and if you go up there, something bad will happen to you. Well, I was born and raised up there, and there's nothing going on up there. People trying to survive. What do you think? Yeah, but you're black. So? And you're white, and you're white. So if we go up there, it's like are we going to be looked at as victims? Oh, please. Nobody's going to look at you like a victim while you're walking up there with guns and stuff? No, you know, I don't know. I'm not going to look at you like a victim. I mean, I can't see why y'all have a problem. I mean, I know people live there who are white and live in Harlem. Well, you're shining some light on the situation today. We've got to go up there. You just got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. We've got to be open-minded. I have no problem going up there. I'll go up there. We'll work something out. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We'll work something out. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. We have no problem going up there. Alright man, alright, alright man. Josh! Josh! Oh no! Oh no! Wow, that's funny man. What? It's a pile of crack pipes outside our tent! What does it mean? I'm sorry I came up here. I'm sorry. What is that? Oh no! Oh my god! What's that sound? Oh my god! Josh! Oh man. I can't breathe. What a mess. The Opian Anthony Show. Or stupidity on the way. Ararararararara. 127E4 WNEW.