 dudes with toots I think every time we open our mouths we're pissing someone off Opie and Anthony we're out of control we're so ugly alright knock it off there's stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, too stupid Opie, you know how much money I'm making to suck this bag? you little freak Anthony I find you repulsive Opie and Anthony 1027 WNEW Wheeeeee 1027 WNEW it's Opie and Anthony Shieeeeee and of course it's FU Friday we haven't even begun to get to the FU's yet yes, yes I got an FU today you do? I don't have one I got one would you like to share Anthony? not until I speak with the CVS lawyer okay maybe they could actually help this time alright instead of hinder the Opie and Anthony show it's just a matter of time oh yeah kitties we're almost at ground zero right now really? yeah don't you worry about it I can't wait it'll all come out like a big festering pustule I can't wait yeah I've been biting my lip for neither can I I've been biting my lip for three months at least yeah we're almost there though right? yeah I can't talk about it though right now almost there I didn't say anything I'm waiting for your lead pal I can talk about last night okay saw Adam Farrar at Governor's yes which was a pisser but it compares nothing to taking my girlfriend home and ****ing crap out of her that was pretty good oh what did I say? Jesus Christ oh my god maybe I shouldn't have said that wow that might leave a mark I'm out of here man what's the matter El? that's good enough for me god best sex haven't had sex like that in years really? oh yeah like ten? it's great are you kidding? oh that's great what? well I thought we were all having fun oh we're having fun alright there are certain things I can't talk about though no? no but you can talk about your girlfriend? I can talk about yeah I can talk about you know Hummers and stuff yeah? oh it's great Jesus Christ please let me know how well are you kidding? how good it is oh fantastic yeah alright we're off to a flying start here on the OP and cruel and inhuman show oh first surprise of the day what? there will be many surprises on this show today I can guarantee that Anthony can you? I will guarantee at least one more maybe two more surprises throughout the show? yes I can't wait you surprise me I'm going to attempt to surprise you oh Christ please don't I'm afraid of your surprises fall line 212-757-1027 let's move on with the show it's Mike Mike what's up today? you guys are on the Yahoo! internet magazine really? yeah apparently there's a Deja ratings Deja.com okay and you guys are the number six talked about after operating systems Tubby Tom and how it's done Tubby Tom? yeah Tubby Tom come on come on well here you go you're seeing the kids you're seeing the kids you're seeing the kids you're seeing the kids you're seeing the kids you're seeing the kids you're seeing the kids Bush comes in at four Linux comes in at five and Opie and Anthony come in at number six they're just as radio personalities on three like the most talked about on the Deja Deja.com I don't even know what that is to be honest with you huh I was just flipping through number one is Howard yeah I know I know they do some kind of radio personality poll or something on Deja.com or something yeah Howard and Tubby Tom are national and you guys are local so that's pretty impressive showing well we got two markets now we got New York and Baltimore and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York and we got the city of New York I want to like this damn guy. I'll admit it. I want to like him, but he just makes it so freaking difficult. That's insane. You cannot take away cars. Now, you know what? We said this with the drunk driving. Someone gets caught driving drunk, they take your car away before you're convicted or anything. They just take your car. And everyone was saying, oh, it's a great idea. And we were saying, it's just a first step to taking away your car for something else. And now it's this. You know what's going to get to the point? If you're parking in a no parking zone, we'll tow your car and you will never ever get it back again. Don't laugh, man. That's how it starts. I know. It always starts this way. We're giving away too many of our freedoms in this country. So double... You just take your car away to speed them? Wait, if you're doing double the speed limit... Yeah, it's in daily news today. Now, does this mean like, what, 60 in a 30? I guess so. Because that's... I've done that. No, the only way they say it is reckless driving. And then they actually definition of reckless driving and they say like switching three lanes. Oh, that's one example. Also, even switching three lanes? Yeah, you could do reckless driving. Oh, come on. I do that all the time. There's some ass wiping in the left and middle lane. You got to sweep. You got to go all the way around. It's not the trooper's discretion, I would take this. You know, why doesn't the mayor wake up and get all these unlicensed, uninsured drivers off the road before they start effing with us? Yeah, get the idea out of the ass lane, do them 50. I mean, there are some serious problems on the road. There's so many people out there right now that could get into a nasty accident with you and you're not going to get a cent. I know. Because they're uninsured, unlicensed, don't even own the car they're driving because they stole it. Gypsy cabs. Gypsy cabs, all that crap. Take care of all that before you start taking more of our freedoms away. Oh, my God. Why not just put all our cars on tracks like the Disneyland... What is that, the Autotopia? Remember that where you just... Like little five-year-old cars. Like little five-year-olds smelling exhaust fumes. Oh, you came to the land? And it's on a track and you can't go fast. That'd make him happy. He doesn't have to worry about it. Wherever he goes, there's sirens blaring and he's in a limousine or something, one of those trucks. Going 90 miles an hour without a cab. Yeah, going 90. So he doesn't know what's going to happen to traffic. Let him and his goddamn comb-over sit on the 59th Street bridge and not drive on the sidewalk. Oh. That would have got my car taken away, but goddamn, I was so proud of that move. I drove on the sidewalk. We bow to you, Ant. We had to make it to... Next time that happens, your car will be taken away. Yeah, now my car's going to be taken away. All right, Mike, thank you. Is that a train? You did a good job, Ant. I wonder if that move where I backed down the one-way street so my car was facing the right way, driving the wrong way backwards to get to Goldfinger's. Remember that one? I wonder if that would be a confiscating offense. That was one of the most... We had so much fun that night, man. I looked in the rearview mirror, I just saw Earl, and he had turned white. He looked like that scene in The Little Rascals where Stimey got scared and his eyes got big and white. Like that, and he was like, whoa! That was Earl. He was petrified at my driving. I was on the sidewalk. Oh, relax. I'm used to this. If I'm not scared, you shouldn't be scared. I've been driving with this guy for five years, so... I'm going to have to watch myself now. You know what, though? I swear, I want to like Rudy Giuliani. I'm not going to lie. I want to like him, but every time you turn around or open the paper, he's doing something that just gets you pissed off. Yeah. I mean, this is too far. Come on. Here's Joanne. Look, I knew someone would call with this. Go ahead, Joanne. Hi. Hi. I just was listening to you yesterday, and I just think it's funny the way you are bashing Giuliani today, and you're praising him so much yesterday. Oh, my God. You didn't listen yesterday, did you? And you didn't listen today? I didn't say... We're not back... What I said was... No, Joanne, what I said, though, seriously, without getting all... I'm literally in the game and I come from like... Oh, my God. You're a babbling idiot. Joanne, listen. What I said was I want to like this guy so badly, okay? But every time you turn around, he's doing something that just pisses you off. And yesterday we said, for the most part, he's doing a good job, but he does piss a lot of people off. And there are things that he does that pisses me off, one of which yesterday we said was not maybe tossing a few extra bucks to the cops. And now there's this thing. What do you think? If we like him overall, we have to like everything he does? I don't understand that. Overall, I think he's been a decent mayor for New York, but he comes up with some hair-brained schemes. No, I know. I live in Queens and I listen to you guys every day, and I do listen to you yesterday. How about Rudy confiscating Joanne's mouth? That would be good for reckless talking. Yeah, could you get a club on your... Yeah, you need a club. Hey, that's not nice. I'm sorry, Joanne, but you seem to babble a lot. If you only understood what we went through before we went on the air today, does your boyfriend or something or husband... My old boyfriend was a policeman, and I know what he had to go through, and I know how little money he got. What was more dangerous, him patrolling or sitting in a conversation with you? Because I got to tell you something. I bet a lot of times he was like, huh? What? I bet he forgot a lot of stuff that you told him. Anthony, that's so mean. Why? You just like seem to talk right over me. Joanne, if I could speak for my pal today, he's a little angry today. I know, I know. I've cried before. You're going to hear a lot of angry comments. I think you should call him one time. I don't have the opposite sex today. That's all I can say. No, I'm not blaming the entire opposite sex. Okay, but I don't want Joanne going away kind of bummed at Anthony. No, I know I've called before. He's a little hypersensitive today when it comes to females. No, I'm fine with females. What happened? I'm really fine with females. Can we talk about it? I love you, girl. Can we talk about it? Is there something wrong? No, everything's fine. I wake up in the morning with a big smile on my face, man. Every morning I wake up now and go, the air smells a little fresher. It's just a beautiful new day. A sarcasm. I can feel it. I can smell it. No, that's the gods on its true. Actually, there's no sarcasm in that statement. Joanne, getting back to the Rudy thing really fast. If you have been following our discussion over the months about Rudy Giuliani, we don't like Rudy or Hillary. We wish there was a third candidate for the Senate run. To be honest with you, Rudy... But, but, but, but, but, but, but, if I had a vote tomorrow, I would definitely vote for the mayor. But I would be completely happy with my decision, and I do want to like the guy, but the guy turns around and does stupid things left and right. Well, you know, it's like the city is his to do with what he wants. You know, he'd do something for the Yankees in a second, but for the police, he wouldn't. There's something that, you know, I live in New York. I live in Queens, so I know. I mean, I think he's done a great deal of good for the way everything has gotten better, but he hasn't really taken any other issue instead of taking credit for himself. And that's something that I don't like necessarily. Yeah. You know, because people that are in power tend to do that. You know, something good is up to them. Something bad is somebody else's fault. Yeah. And that's the part about him I don't really like. He'll do, you know, he'll move Yankees, you know, to one side, because they're where they think they are. Oh my God! Oh, go ahead! Stop! Go ahead! Oh, Jesus. Oh, go ahead! Oh, my God. All I saw were entrails and a red mist. Oh, I didn't even see it coming. Did you, Ant? No. Didn't even see that one coming. God, man. Those Apaches, man, they could target you from behind a hill, pop up and fire. My God. I love the smell of napalm in the afternoon. Smells like... What was that? First airstrike of the day. All right, let's move on. We got to... Sometimes you got to call in air support. We got a phone call from Boston on the line. Hello, Boston. Craig? Yeah. Craig? I heard you guys had a station out here. What do you mean? You just said on the radio that you are syndicated out here. You have a station that you're on? Well, one of the fine radio stations up there in Boston has decided to start playing some of our fine radio bits. We're slowly re-entering the Boston market. I was heartbroken when you guys left. I live in Greenfield, Massachusetts. And I used to listen to you guys all the time. You guys killed me. Cool. Oh, it was awesome. Well, we're coming back slowly but surely, Craig. Great, great. So tune in to WBCN up there. WBCN, all right. All right? Another thing that... Best bit you guys have ever done, I had to pull over. I was laughing so hard. The 100 grand bit. Oh, we love the 100 grand bit. Oh my God. I got a piece of crap, Jugg. I'm going to get a new one. I'm going to get a new truck. Craig, you haven't heard us in a couple of years, man. We got stuff that makes that look like college radio. I've been listening to you guys. I've been working down in Newark. Oh, cool. So I've been listening to you guys every day. You guys are killing me. Thanks, Craig. So funny. Well, have a great weekend. All right, thanks, man. Have a good one, guys. Bye, man. Bye. Another call coming in from Boston. Mike! Hey, what's up? You've been waiting for like a half hour. What's going on? Not much. What's going on? I heard you guys are coming out here now. Where are you calling from? I'm calling from Boston. What part? I'm calling from Everett. Everett, cool. Everett. We're slowly but surely making our way back into the Boston market there, Mike. Mike, have you heard some of the stuff on BCN? Yeah, I keep hearing things like back and forth between the two radio stations, wondering what happened in the first place that you guys left. Are they fighting over us right now? No, not really. I just called up the radio stations. I was talking to them and BCN didn't really have much to say. And then when I was talking to someone at AAF, they told me that you guys actually got fired by CBS when they owned you. That's not really true. It's boring to the New York audience, but basically we're going up against a station that fired us. That's the station that fired us now in Boston. That's it. So it's a big, huge story up there. I thought it was CBS owned you guys and that's when they fired you, and then they sold out AAF because they couldn't own both radio stations. Nope, we were fired by WAF and the company that owned them. See, they're trying to cover their ass now because after two years of sitting back and just being quiet, we've decided we want back in the Boston market because we left a couple million of you guys behind, and you guys deserve the chance to hear us. We vowed we'd be back. I think that's cool and everything there, but I mean like most of the people over there are still your friends and stuff, you know? A couple of people. A few of them, sure. None of them have really called since we left, but you know. I mean the whole story will come out eventually, but don't believe everything you hear. So what are they going to do, like a syndication type of thing? We can't say much right now. But all I can say is BCN has started playing our bits. All right? All right, man. All right, bro. Bye. Bye. That's a huge story up there. We should get the radio station we're on. Yeah. We should call them today because it's huge. Why don't we do that? Because what happened was we were like, we were WAF up there. Yeah. We worked for AAF up in the Boston area, actually the Worcester, Boston area. It was a lot like this situation. You know, we were pretty much the only show that people were listening to. Right. A lot of. Right. And then we got, then we were like number one by far. Yeah. We were the hottest show in Boston. I mean, by far. No one came close to us. Yeah. And then we thought we were untouchable. Oops. So, you know, there was an April Fool's little prank we did where we decided to tell everyone the mayor died in a car accident while he was on vacation in Florida. Oops. And we're like, hey, come on. Camp fires for that. Camp fires for that. Maybe they'll suspend us. I mean, look at all the money we're bringing in and the ratings we're giving this company. And it's April Fool's. Everyone knows it's a gag. Well, AAF. No matter how tasteless. AAF turns around and they completely fired us. Fired us. Poof. And didn't want to know anything about us after they fired us. And it's like, OK, it's the company. So you don't have anything personal against some of the air staff. The big fat bastard that was doing the nighttime show slips into our slot, three to seven, like he was just waiting to pounce before we even got fired. He was talking like, hey, if they're gone, you know, let me jump in there. So screw him. Right. We'll kick his ass. So now we're we've decided we've had enough. We're coming back to Boston with our bits and stuff and maybe maybe other things. Right. Yes. And that's it's so funny because, I mean, now people are calling our show down here. They can't even like hear us live up there. They're just seeing recorded stuff that we send up. Yeah. But they're just losing it in that town because it's a real big story that we go back up there and go on the competition. The competitors station. Oh, I know. WBCN. But the fact is, they've been really, really nice to us ever since we got fired. They've been cool, you know, and all our supposedly old pals and friends from the other station. They didn't want to know us after we got fired. So screw them. Well, what we'll do is we'll we'll get Boston on the line later on. See how the bits are being played up there and stuff called Boston. All right. Yeah. All right. Let's play the hundred grand thing that that guy was talking about. It's a favorite. We gave away a hundred grand. Yeah. Of the company's money. Well, it wasn't money. You understand a minute. Stay there. Hi. Hi. Who's this? Hey, it's Craig from Waltham. Hey, Craig. Guess what? Did I win? You are the hundred and seventh caller. No way. Did I? I won. I won. What? No way. You're kidding, right? Hundred and seven. Oh, wow. Hundred and seventh caller. Congratulations. Oh, my God. You just won a hundred grand, bro. Oh, Jesus. You know what I want to do with that? What are you going to do with a hundred grand? Oh, man. The first thing, I have this old... Oh, I cannot. Jesus. I got to calm down. Calm down. Calm yourself. I am the winner. I'm the winner. Well, what are you going to do with a hundred grand? I got this... Oh, man. I got this sh** box for a truck. I've got to get a new one. A new... Oh, that... Wait, wait, dude. How are you going to do that with a candy bar? What? How are you going to do that with a candy bar? We just gave you a hundred grand candy bar. What do you mean? We gave away a hundred grand. It's a candy bar, bro. Congratulations. What? You just won a candy bar. Hey, what the f**k? You've been... I've been listening to f**king radio for like three hours, man. You said a hundred grand. Yeah, a hundred grand. We gave you a candy bar. That's a candy bar. Congratulations, buddy. All you guys are a bunch of d**ks. Hey, hey, hey. Congratulations, man. Uh-oh. We found a girl that can shoot stuff from a private area. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW, it's FU Friday with Hope and Anthony, a big FU, going out to the rock. Yeah. The croc. The rock says I'm a juice bag. We're just going to go to the rock. I'm a juice bag. We're going to go to the rock. The rock says I'm a juice bag. Where's our rock songs? Yeah. We've got to play our rock songs. Phyllis is very pissed at us. Phyllis, what's wrong? Oh, hello. Am I live? Yeah, you're live, Phyllis. You guys were yelling at Joanne there, giving her a hard time. Yeah. Yeah. And that pisses you off? Oh, you guys talk over everybody. Well, we talk over people when it's getting boring because we've got to move on with the show. People don't find it interesting when a lady's just yapping, yapping, yapping. What happened, Anthony? Did you get served with papers today? Oh, I might not be able to discuss that right away. Hello. Is the caller there? Right now. Hello? Hello? What happened to Phyllis? She was just asking a question. I know, but what happened? I think something's wrong with the phones, Ant. Buddy, what do you think? You won't be hearing any corky Anthony over here. You got When the Saints Come Marching In. Like a fun, happy song. Yeah, we could get that. Oh, you're doing the funky version. Oh, yeah. Where they add notes and stuff. You ever hear that? Yeah. Yeap, you gave me your autograph. I gotta say, you're a class act. That was really, really cool of you and everything. I was in a very good mood. Adam, what a pisser he is. He was great. I found him a little bit, but it wasn't that bad. I was the communications guy. The lady over to the side of us got it bad. She got ripped on because she was being an inattentive. She kept... Yes, she was first... Because Adam works the crowd and stuff pretty well. He had this girl there and she wouldn't tell them what job she did. No. It turns out she was with the Society for American Values or something. Some homo group or something like that. Did you see Adam on News 12 this morning? No, I missed that. I was trying to watch it, but I couldn't get it the right time. The chick was nice to Adam. The chick was really cool to Adam. Then the guy, when the guy got on, he was some freaking loser. He just kept bugging. He kept raking on Adam's jokes and stuff like that. It was horrible. What was he bashing him about? I don't know. Adam tried to do some material and he was like, yeah, that's funny. With a straight face. He totally ruined it, but the chick wanted to get him a hummer, I think. Because he's a news guy. News guys don't have a sense of humor. You go to Governors, you see Adam just destroy the crowd. The room wasn't packed last night. Not at all. He had the place going wild. It was great. The Friday, Saturday and Sunday shows are usually... They were going to be more packed because it was a Thursday night. Man, I suggest you go to Governors and see Adam. He's a pisser. All right. Thanks a lot, guys. Thank you, Brian. Bye-bye. All right, we got the croc songs, Anthony. The croc! You want to hear the hypocrite rock song from Air Sick Productions, Anthony? Yeah, that one's good. All right, this came in yesterday. Check this out. In the beginning the rock was fun But before the show was done Sick Boy had changed the rock's tone And he really pissed off this hat-free Simone The way he left was a real big shock With tears running down the face of the rock Everybody thinks this whole thing's a croc But too much written memories, numbers and mankind's luck Well, the rockman we've been close of Had chastin' and something got the rock beat And someone had to tell him I'm bound Because I doubt the rock can read Oh, you thought you fooled us? That ain't no can You look like a cro-magnet man But you hypocrite rock, you have lost some fans What? Where, where, where, where, where? Where, where, where, where, where? What a freaking cry, baby, the rock was. Walking out on our show, Les. The rock. The croc says, Les. The croc says Tom, you're next on the OVN Anthony show on WNEW. What's up? Hey, what's up, guys? I wanted to say, you know, a little bit more about that Giuliani story with the cars. I'm right with you guys. I want to like the guy. But at the same time, he's pulled out on five different offenses. It was like if you get caught tailgating twice, they're taking your car away. And there's certain places on the west side of the highway, you're running, you know, on the side. Uh-oh. I'm not sure if you're coming back. Tom, Ann's going to answer you in the same way you asked your question. Yeah, I did that. I took him to a place, and sometime got caught tailgating with them back at the intake. And Tom's phone hung up. Tom, call back. Your cell phone cracked out on us. But it's a very scary thing, and it's very unacceptable. Yeah. This whole new Rudy thing confiscating cars if you're going, what, twice the speed limit and things like that. Yeah. Unacceptable. We don't like it. No one likes it. I mean, no one should like it. I love the rub they find that always says, I think it's a good idea. It'll get the maniacs off the road. That's the person that makes you into a maniac. That person. They don't know how to drive two miles an hour. You try to pass them, and you wind up looking like a maniac. Now, there's a risk of losing your car? Yeah. Oh, we'll all just ride big wheels into Manhattan. We'll all be on our little big wheels. Everyone will be safe. All right. You want another rock song, Anthony? Yeah, sure. Also from Airsick Productions. It's very short, but very funny. Here it is. Look how brave we are now that he's gone. Rod, what's up? Hey, ONA, listen. Dwayne's a puss. Dwayne Johnson. Me and my buddy Chaney and my buddy Major, we got signs made up. We're going to be sitting front row, Madison Square Garden, and say, ONA kicked the Rocks Rudy from candy air. All right. He is a ham-breed wannabe whip. Don't forget he had fat sucked out of his man breasts. He had the fat sucked out of every part of his sissy body. He got that liposuction. They sucked the big fat man breasts right off his chest. You know, when he was nothing, he was a lot more humble. You guys got to stop giving idiots like him the exposure, because, you know, these guys they get big, and they forget why they got big. Well, we were taken, I guess. We've had some good experiences with some of the wrestlers, you know. Chris Jericho gave a great interview. Chris Jericho is a great guy. Great interview. Even the Road Dogg, the second time we had him on. A lot of fun we had with him. Al Snow was a pisser, hysterical, doesn't take himself too seriously like the croc. Let's not forget Shane and Vince. Shane and Vince have always been fun. They, too, don't take themselves all that seriously. They know it's a big gag. You're a joke. You're in wrestling. We're a joke. Adults are just talking on the radio. We understand that. We don't take ourselves seriously. But the Rock, all of a sudden now the Rock has a racial, political agenda. Rock, you're a dopey, big, doofus wrestler with a stupid closing move. And why didn't you tell him this? He's going to forget what he did. Well, I had other things on my mind. All right, Ron, thank you. Thanks, guys. Bye. You're all brave now, but he's 10 feet away. You couldn't say any of that stuff. It's fear for my life. Why would I say it while he's here? I had to sleep on it. That's what it was. I had to mull it over. I wonder if we would do it differently. If he walked in now knowing what we know? Hell yeah. If he just went in a time capsule or a time machine and transported back and didn't know anything, I think it would end up the same way. Because we wouldn't know. But if he walked in right now, I'd get up, I'd run away as fast as I could. Walt. Yeah? What's up? Never mind. I forgot where I went with his book signing from the Rock. Say, hey, I was going to help you and Anthony. I wouldn't sign his book. He wouldn't sign your book? Not my book, my friend's book. Really? Yeah. See, it just proves he's a crybaby. You ever notice that he looks like Deuce Bigelow on steroids? Yeah, that's pretty funny. He does. That's very good. All right, man. All right, Walt. Doctor, take that liposuction tube, shine it up real nice, turn that sumbitch sideways, and suck the fat out of my man breast, you candy ass. Bob. Hey, guys. What's up? Hey, what's up? You know how you're talking about the, you're just saying how he got the fat sucked out of his breast? Sure. That's not what he had done. He had an operation, he had lumps taken out around his... It's from... Well, we talked meatloaf and fight clock. Exactly, from the movie. He said it was liposuction, but it wasn't liposuction, because I had the same thing done, and he's got to lay off the sustenance and the D-balls and all the other crap that he's doing. We can't... That's where his anger management, remember how he has an anger problem? Well, there you go, it's from Deuce. All right, Bob. It's one of the number one symptoms. Thank you. All right, guys, burn in hell. All right, bye. Burn in hell. I'm going to go ahead and confirm what Bob's saying, obviously. Well, of course not. That's what Bob thinks. Okay. They always speculate that wrestlers are on steroids. They always speculate, that's okay. You know what bums me out? I was reading a lot of email. A lot of people think you and I are a bunch of pussies, how we handle the rock thing and stuff. I know, I understand, and I can see how people would get that impression, to tell you the truth. But we were just trying to explain ourselves and be courteous, you know. Right. The rock is in our home over here, and we have to be courteous. Mike? What's up? How are you? What's up, guys? At the very beginning of SmackDown last night, I don't know if you guys saw, but just for a second... Don't watch wrestling. I'm sorry. And someone called me a crybaby yesterday. All right, then I'm a crybaby. Don't watch it. Don't even like it anymore. Hate it. Well... Who cares, Cactus Jack? He's coming back. When the camera went on, the first thing I saw, the first time I saw it, it said, OP. Oh, really? Yeah. I couldn't see what it said, but just for a second, flashed across. Then I saw one that said, Rocky sucks. Right. So you guys are getting support out that way. Well, we definitely want a lot of OP and Anthony and Rock sucks. You know, use your imagination. A bunch of those signs for the pay-per-view on Sunday. Oh, I'll be there. You know, it's right at the garden. You can just hold up the signs and, you know, even razz the rock. Everyone cheers when he comes out. You don't have to be a puppet and go along with the crowd. The rock says, all of a sudden, everyone, woo, woo, boo him. Boo the Samoan. Boo man. I think this is the first pay-per-view I'm not going to buy. Well, yeah. Just so turned off. Big ass feud at a rock. All right. Take it easy. Bye. Ann, all brave now. What? I'm all brave now, you're right, because the rock's not here. If he was here, I'd be a little pussy girl. You would? But right now, I'll say the rock's a pussy and I'll kick his ass. Come on, Dwayne Johnson. Don't you want a second shot at him, though, Ann? Come on. Hmm. For the Intercontinental Belt? No, I don't want a second shot at him. You don't care. I just want to see some of our faithful fans give him a little razzing at the garden. I would love to see that. But you wouldn't want a second shot? No. You sure? Why? Is he coming in? When's he coming? Today? Is the rock coming in today? Is he out there? Is the rock here? What did I say a half hour ago, Ann? Surprises? I said there's many surprises for today's show. Come on in, rock, I'll kick your ass. Swear to God, Ann has no clue. Is the rock here? The whole freaking office knows, but you don't. I figured I would tell you live in the air today. Dude, I have enough surprises today. I know. If you start showing up so I don't have to do all this wheeling and dealing by myself, you'd be informed before the radio show. Oh, sorry, I'm talking to lawyers all day. Is the rock coming in today? What? Don't jerk me around. Come on, you would have totally told me to shut up when I'm saying some of the stuff I'm saying. What is? You're killing me. No, come on. We are rolling tape, though. Stop. You're freaking, aren't you? Don't be an ass. The rock says... No way. Is the rock coming in today? Are you going to be a pussy the next time he comes in? That's all I need to know. I didn't say I wasn't going to be a pussy. You will be? Of course. He'll be right here in front of my face. I just say this stuff behind his back, like a little worm. What's going on? Come on. Everyone knows except you. Everyone knows what? Yes, Anthony, the rock is coming back on our show. When? Swear to God. When? I worked it out today. When? Next Thursday. Swear not today. Phew. Holy smoke. I thought he was outside. I swear to God. How am I going to explain big man breast? We still have the tape. I'm going to play. Come on, man. Good. Then pull some of what you were saying, Mr. Brave Guy. I didn't say anything wrong. Oh, bull crap. You did not say a thing, Anthony. The WWF personally called us today. Did I tell you how that people's elbow is probably the most electrifying in sports entertainment? Did the WWF call today? Swear to you. What did they say? Well, it wasn't a pretty interview. It wasn't a pretty call. Yes. Because I was just saying, look, man, we're really pissed off. Yes. You guys dissed us, man. They just said they wouldn't take responsibility. They didn't apologize. They didn't take responsibility. They said nothing. All they said was, well, do you guys want another shot? Oh. Swear to you. Another shot at The Rock, like we're going to fight now. It's a handicap match. We're handicapped. Or we'll be handicapped when he's done with us. I'll bet. That was a great idea to have The Rock come back. I don't remember my name. And I drew all the time. When I come down. The Rock is coming back next Thursday. All right. He's going to be in town for a book signing. And I swear, I am shaking as much as you, because that's all I know. Swear to you, Ant. Will Ant be joining us? No. But they said he'll discuss it further. Really? He'll discuss it further live on our show. We going to play any songs for him? Come on, big man. What song? You're trying to get me in trouble. What song? Come on, big man. I don't know what you're talking about. Oh, come on. Is he going to get to you? The Rock's a pussy. The Rock's a pussy. I don't know what you're talking about. All right. Play any songs for him. I think, oh, well, I wonder what this is. What? Huh? Oh, yeah. The Rock's a pussy. Remember this, though? The Rock's a pussy. The Rock's a pussy. The Rock's a pussy. The Rock's a pussy. The Rock's a pussy. The Rock's a pussy. The Rock's a pussy. The Rock's a pussy. The Rock's a pussy. The Rock's a pussy. The Rock's a pussy. The Rock's a pussy. Oh, boy. Ant. Oh, boy. Let's lose this CD. If you're smart, we're dead. Let's lose that. Dude, like, he won't be in town for a book signing. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Dude, like, he won't know that we were playing this. I couldn't back down, though. The WWF's calling, and I'm like, look, Ant and I are really pissed off. And I told them that. I don't watch anymore stuff. Oh, boy. And then, like, you guys still coming to the grand opening. We're like, no, we're not going to the grand opening of the WWF. Oh, come on. Pull my invitation. I want to go. Really? I don't care. What do you think? I have, like, some kind of scruples or things where it's like, oh, out of principle, I'm not going? It's a party. There'll be food, booze, and broads. I'm there. But we got to get our info together. Yeah. We got to do our research. Tom, what's up? Yeah, what's up, guys? Hey. Yeah, you better, like, broadcast from the other studio when the rock's in there or something. Maybe we could do that. We'll lock the door and have the rock go in this studio. Or else even better, you remember those, you remember when they used to have those cage matches when they'd have Jimmy Hart hanging from the top of, like, Madison Square Garden in the cage? Yeah. You better damn well put the rock up in that cage. Tom, I am freaking. You guys, I don't know. Honestly, I wanted to back down today, but I'm like, man, I wouldn't forgive myself if we back down. I don't even know if there's going to be any words. Gee, thanks for consulting me. I had to back down in a second. You weren't around. You weren't around. I didn't know what to do. Wait, what was I? I swear to God, I did not know what to do. I'm like, you know, I was brave and stuff on the phone, like, your guy dissed us. He's an idiot. You know, we were, you know, blindsided. He walked out. He's a crybaby. And they didn't apologize. They didn't explain themselves. All they said was, well, do you want another shot at him? Another shot at him. Another shot. And you said yes. And if you want it, he'll come in this Thursday to discuss it further. Wow. There's not even going to be any words between you guys. And I wrote it on our board in the office, Ant. Yeah. And then I'm like, no, I got to tell Ant live on the air today. Got to tell Ant live. And he baked me a little so I started ragging on the rock. Of course I did. To get tape on me. Of course I did. You suck, man. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, You're not going to come in when Anthony calls in sick that day. Yeah. Hell yeah. I hope he comes in on Wednesday. Oh, man. You should do that. Tell him that. All right, Tom. Thank you. Take care, guys. We might have to play the phone game with him where we make him like talk from the phone upstairs. Yeah. Make sure he's not going to kill us and then we'll have him come down. Dude, you saw how he left the studio. I know. How pissed off he was. See, you know what the thing is? Remember how we were always saying he should come in in character and he came in as Dwayne? Yeah. We're going to force him to get into character because he's going to beat the crap out of us as the Rock. Know what I'm going to get? What? I can get you one, too. You know those huge like self-defense outfits like the ladies wear for like rape prevention? Oh, or when they're training attack dogs? Yeah. Big foam rubber suits. Yeah. Yeah, we'll get a couple of those. Or the big sumo wrestling suits. He might find that offensive. That's true. I'm going to say something about sumo-ins. You're trying to say you're the Rock? Oh, boy. That's going to be frightening, man. I couldn't back down, though. I wanted to because I was like, oh, a little scratchy throat. I'm not feeling too well. You guys have got to play one of those songs, The Rock Comes In, or You're the Biggest Pussy in New York. I don't know what songs you're talking about. Oh, Christ. Dude, you guys are so yellow right now, it's glowing. Shut up. Come on, Anthony. Seriously, though, guys, you want to break on him, I am 100% behind you. I mean, he's nothing but a big push. Yeah. But the thing is, you know, it's kind of like when dice came in. You've got to play the tapes. You didn't see how big he is, though, man. All right, so we're a few armed guards, and we have to do what you've got to do. Maybe we could distract him by maybe a theme day on that day. We could have movie day and maybe show a screening of Nigger Charlie. Maybe that... What? It's a real movie from the 70s. We played the trailer. Tony! Yeah, I got a big F you are used to. Why? You have a Letterman all over again. That's all I'm saying. Oh, like... All about face, all this stuff he's talking about. Now he's going to come back in, he's both going to be pussies. Like we'll pussy out and kiss his ass? Exactly. Exactly, just like Letterman. Wait, let me tell you something. I mean, just to have him come back in the studio, we're not that much of... No, let me tell you. We're not pussying around that much. I'll unload. I'll say it now. I'll unload on him. I'd stand there with a sign that says, Rocky sucks. I'd sit there in the studio with a big sign that says, The Rock sucks, just like that. I'll give it to him. That's not a bad idea. We'll have a bunch of our listeners around. I'll come down there and you can get a sign. You know how they do that lumberjack match where they have all the wrestlers on the outside of the ring, so if one of the wrestlers falls out, they push him back in? Yeah. We can have all our listeners around the perimeter of the studio with all signs that say, Rocks a pussy. I'll be the first one. Oh, we can do that. Yeah. I'll be the first one. Big sign, Rocky sucks. All right, Tony. All right? Thank you. Take it easy. Bye. Keith! Hey, Keith! Hey. What's up? How's it going? What are you doing? We're freaking out. Hey, you going to puss out like you did with Dice Clay came on? No, the Dice thing was good. We had fun with the Dice. Yeah? Yeah. It was pretty cool, but I think this rock definitely was. We're going to the Royal Rumble. We're going to bring a couple of signs. Oh, cool. Yeah. We appreciate it. All right, man. All right, dude. Bye. Bye. But there you have it, Ant. I'm telling you live in the air, you get another shot at the Rock. The Rock. This coming Thursday, a rematch. I think it's going to be late in the show because he's doing a book signing. Oh, is he? Yeah. Great. That book. You were freaked. You were convinced he was outside that door today. I was just waiting for it. I had you going. I was waiting to turn my head and see him walk in. I was just going to crap myself. I was really going to crap myself because it's one thing to say it, you know, and then he shows up on Thursday and, you know, weeks gone by and everything. But to be saying that and have him listening and then bust in with everything I was saying, he'd have killed me. And I was baiting you. Totally. I was baiting you. I felt for it. How could you take advantage of me in my weakened state, Opie? You would do the same thing to me. Who are you kidding? Hell yeah. All right, let's take a break. We'll be back. Opie and Anthony. Jack, can we get these illiterates off of the air please? Please stop. If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen. 1027 WNEW. Anthony, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Oh yeah, people losing weight with Stacker 2 all the time and you probably packed on a few pounds for the holidays. Good way to get rid of it, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner, Opie. And if you were thinking of starting Stacker 2 this weekend, I would advise against it, believe it or not. You're going to want to keep that extra layer of fat so when the rock punches you real hard, it's not going to hurt as much. Is that what it's all about? Yeah. I mean, for all our faithful listeners that don't have to confront the rock, I think this is a good thing, but I think you and I, we should not be taking Stacker 2 in the near future. Ah. We're going to need that layer of fat. That layer of fat. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner, it does three things, Ant. Yes, it is the world's strongest fat burner. It crushes your cravings to snack during the day and it gives you a boost of energy. That's right. If you feel yourself petering out toward the end of the day. There you go. And you'll lose weight. There you go. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner, they have a website, www.stacker2.com. That's stackertwo.com or give them a call at 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Start now and look great this spring with Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner, at 1-800-LIGHTLINE. 1-0-2-7-W-N-A-W. It's the Opium Anthony Show. It's FU Friday, the easiest way to get your FUs in through the fax machine, 2-1-2-9-5-7-9-6-3-9. All right? All right. And we've got to congratulate Steve from the unofficial Opium Anthony website. The unofficial website went over one million hits today. A million. One million hits in a little over seven months, I believe. Not bad. Plenty of people checking that site out. That's absolutely incredible and we want to congratulate Steve today. That's a big milestone. Yeah. And it actually shows a million hits. I thought it was going to go back to zero or something, you know. Oh, really? It shows, not like the old odometers on the cars? No, it's... Back to zero on your little Dodge Dart? It's kind of weird to say. It's just over a million. It hit a million hits right around showtime today. All right. Foundrymusic.com. I think the boss is in Washington, the new one, so we can say it today. Foundrymusic.com. What are you laughing at? We could say it today. Yeah, why not? The boss is out of town? Yeah. Is he? Yeah. All right, friend. You know what to do. Plan C3A. Plan C3A. Dave. Yeah, what's up, guys? We're losing you. What? We're losing you. Yeah, man. Where the hell are you going? I'm going back to college, man. Where? In Washington. Not in Washington, Maryland. Oh, Maryland. Yeah, you know why? Because I broke my ankle at Thanksgiving, and so I was home for like 10 weeks. So I've just been listening to you ever since, you know. But I've been listening to you from the beginning. Oh, cool. But, you know, it sucks. I have to go back, and I won't listen to you guys until May. Know what's interesting about down there? There's, you know, well, I can't name the station. Damn it. There's a station down there that wants to pick us up. Really? But the company thinks Aunt and I are too out of control. We're out of control. That's BS, man. You boys get in control before we put you out over the wire. Yeah, it's pretty easy. Not bad. We got our interests to protect. We like you boys. We hope you succeed. We want you to be syndicated in hundreds of stations on this company. Yeah, I wish you guys were down there. But if you pull that stunt one more time! You know, if your buddies open it and they weren't out of control, you'd probably be going back to school listening to us. If you guys weren't out of control, then, you know, I wouldn't be listening to you. Exactly. It's like a Catch-22. Exactly, man. If we weren't out of control, most of you guys wouldn't listen. That's why we have to take this chance. Yeah, we F up so much. But there's a bunch of stations just on hold waiting. Really? Waiting, waiting, waiting for CBS to pull the switch. And they are just convinced we are still out of control. Yeah. I'm just waiting for you guys to get syndicated and just blow Howard out of the water. You know what I'm saying? It's true, man. I'm telling you. But could you guys do me a favor? Could you play that Chris Jericho interview? Okay. And one more thing. Anthony, there's a lot of fishing to see, buddy. Okay? That's all right, man. You guys are great. All right, Dave. Okay, stay black. Bye. Dave, putting a couple of things together. Tommy! We'll have a contest later in the show. Guess where Anthony lives now. That'll be a contest. Tommy, what's up? I want to send a big F you out to my ex-wife and a lawyer, a goddamn lawyer for Jack and me off in the past two years. Oh, now come on. Be sympathetic. Oh, I'm sympathetic. I got my papers back today. They're signed, sealed, and delivered. How much you lose? About a thousand a month. Yeah? Yeah. Not bad though. It's worth it. How much you make? I'm sure not as much as Anthony. But whatever it is, let me tell you, it's worth it to have your freedom. Yeah? And also, I just want to let her know that she's no longer covered under my benefits. I just figured I had to call and get that across, you know? All right, Tommy. That's got to be nice, writing that check every month, huh? Actually, I have my girlfriend do it. So that when she sees it, it's funnest or even deeper. Goddamn, now that's funny. Yeah, I make sure my girlfriend writes it so when she sees the signature, it's like pouring acid on an open cut, you know? Oh, cut? Oh, okay. Write that one down there. All right, Tommy. All right, Tom. Yeah, that's funny. Don't worry about it. All right. Let me tell you something, Tommy. Anthony is not worried about a thing. Oh, I know. I hear it. Anthony is a happy man. I hear it. You won't hear Corky Stern over here. Hell no. All right, fellas. I want to touch your Facebook. You're doing great. I called up, like, I don't know, she must have been about eight months ago when you were doing that, had that Elvis guy on it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. I want to say hello to the boys at Emory that are out there driving right now up and down the road. Okay, Tommy. And that's it. Have a nice weekend, fellas. You too, buddy. Keep up the good work. All right, man. Thanks. All I have to say is you're taking this Howard Stern wannabe thing to a extreme. We'll be double dating, me and Howie, down in the Bahamas. We'll be on a jet ski together. Yeah, right. Let me tell you something. Unlike Howard, you're not going to see me carousing around with a bunch of men. That's for sure. I spend time with men here in the studio. That's it. That's it, pal. My penis has been unlocked from nine years of tyranny. Oh, my God. This show is filled with surprises today. I know how the... My penis knows how the slaves felt when Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation. Wow. Oh, boy. Sean, you're next on the show. How are you? Hey, guys. What's up? All right. So you guys scared about The Rock coming in or what? If you're just tuning in, we found out today The Rock is coming back next Thursday. Yeah. If you smell what's in Anthony's pants... I don't know. We'll be honest with the guy. I mean, what are we going to do? We'll look like ass wipes if we just sit here and lap his butt. You know, we're going to have to speak to him about the things that were concerning us on that day, and then he'll beat the crap out of us and we'll be over. I'm going to... You know, we have a lot of friends on the force, Anthony. Yes. I'm thinking bulletproof vests. Some Kevlar, strap on some Kevlar. Some Kevlar would be nice. Yeah. You know? Hopefully you will both be survivors. Let me tell you, though. If he hits you, like even just knocks you down, you'd have a concussion. Yeah. You see the size of him? I know. What about football helmets for both of us? Yeah, we'll be needing them afterwards, too, on the short bus. A hockey helmet. Wearing a hockey helmet. And then say, I'm okay. I love The Rock. We need to do a radio show. The Rock. We're going to be in it, Anthony. Jesus. I'm screwed. Hey, June. Yes. How are you? Fine. Good. What's up? I just want to let you know that you guys are really crazy. That The Rock is intelligent. He's a wonderful businessman. He's got tons of fans. A lot of women love him. And he's got such a great following that I think for you to mock him like this, you're really very jealous of him. The guy is a great entertainer. That must be it. That's what it is. The Rock comes on and you leave a trail like a slug. Is that what happens, June? You like The Rock, do you? I love The Rock. I think he's great. I like The Rock. I like Val Viena. I think those guys are talented. What about Dwayne Johnson? You like him? Oh, I love Dwayne Johnson. Same guy. Same guy. It's The Rock. No, it's not. Sure it is. The Rock is a fun guy who looks like he doesn't take himself seriously. And June, those guys wouldn't give you the time of day. Yeah, really. That's not what I'm looking for, though. Are you kidding? You're basing your opinion on a character. No, I'm basing my opinion on somebody that entertains me and somebody that I like. And actually... I like them because you're fantasized about them like riding your... Hey, listen. Don't you guys fantasize about them? I like them because they're so cool. I like them because they're so cool. I like them because they're so cool. I like them because they're so cool. I like them because they're so cool. I like them because they're so cool. I like them because you're fantasized about them like riding your... Hey, listen. Don't you guys fantasize about women? He's a great entertainer. You want his schlong. That's not what I want. You want The Rock's rock. No, that's not what I want. I just think he's a great entertainer. You want The Rock's... So we shouldn't be able to talk about him, right? Excuse me? So we shouldn't be able to talk about him? I don't think you should. Because you said so, June. No, not because I said so. I just think he's a really great guy and he's a great entertainer. I don't think you should. I mean... I don't think you should. I mean... I don't think you should. I think he's a really great guy and I think you guys are jealous of him. Just a terrific guy. Terrific human being. He is a terrific human being. A real man has a problem with someone. What does he do? He cries and walks away. That's a real man. Sure. What a guy. I agree with you. He's an entertainer though, don't you think? A great entertainer and a great businessman. Oh yeah, businessman. How does he know about business? Pardon me? What does he know about business? Look how much money he's made. Look what a following he has. Oh. Oh. Oh. June? June! Oh. June? Just bury the whole car. We lost June. George, you're next. What's up? What's up, ONA? How are you? This is the guy who's been talking to me for a long time. The guy who's been talking to you for a long time. Oh yeah. Could you imagine that? He walks in and we're like, hello Mr. Rock. What's happening? A little outshorping. Yeah, that'll happen. Oh man. That'll happen. All right, George. I'll take it, you idiot. You idiot. Who else do we got on the line? Let's go to Ryan. Ryan, you're next on WNEW. Yeah, well, I'm going to go to Ryan. Ryan, you're next on WNEW. Yeah, well, I'm going to go to Ryan. Ryan, you're next on WNEW. Yeah, well, I'm going to go to Ryan. Ryan, you're next on WNEW. Yeah, well, I'm going to go to Ryan. Ryan, you're next on WNEW. You idiot. You idiot. Who else do we got on the line? Let's go to Ryan. Ryan, you're next on WNEW. Hey, what's going on, Lona? All right. Yo, Anthony, you checked your pants lately? Why? Well, since you're so scared assless of the Rock. Dude, wait, wait, you can't curse. It seems like I crapped myself, you could say. Oh, sorry. But no, I'm not. Listen, I want to give an SU out to Weatherman. Why? See all that snow? I'm not going to do that. I'm going to give him a little bit of a Yeah. Yeah. It must have been a whole eighth of an inch. Well, I was out on Long Island last night. Oh, and it seems they got just socked in with what had to be an eighth of an inch of snow right there on the ground. And I'm a little confused. You said you were out on Long Island last night? Yeah. I thought you lived out there. No, no, I don't live out there. But you and I live a half a mile from each other. Yeah. I just assumed you were. No, I hope we used to. Oh. We'll have a contest later. What borough does Anthony live in now? See if you could guess. That'd be a good contest. We got something to give away? Yeah, we can give something away. Yeah, get a prize. All right. What borough does Anthony live in now? So it's a borough. Yeah. All right. I'm moving closer to the city. Okay. If not, it's a borough. It's a borough. Okay. I'm going to give you a little bit of a hint. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. It's a borough. I beg your forgiveness. Don't push out guys. I got an idea. Yeah, don't push out. You're going to be here? Yeah, you want me to? Because look, you know what? I'll sit there. I won't say a word like sick boy until you guys all make nice, nice and go, hey, here's the guy who wrote the songs about you. Oh, Jesus Christ. I'll put on a football helmet and go. You'll be on the short bus with us, Billy. Like, oh, it's going to affect my career? Don't cry for me, Dwayne Johnson. Yeah, we're a little nervous, Billy. Oh, come on. I swear to you. What do you know? Do you guys, do you want me to come in and hold your hand? Well, the only reason I'm nervous is because I did read about him where he does have a rage issue. Yeah. And if we're not going to back down, if we're really going to try to discuss this with him, it could get ugly, I'm telling you. Yeah, it could, but think about it. Because now we've got some time to prepare and think about it. I mean, we'll be honest. We looked like pussies last week. We were blindsided. We weren't ready. Oh, no, think about it. Did you do anything wrong? No. Exactly. That's the whole point. But you know what? How funny would it be? Smooth everything over and then piss him off again. Come on. What is better than that? The dentist would be going nuts. It's just a matter of time before you see Aunt Nye on Raw. Raw is war. On a big stage. Rock, you better get your ass out here. Titan Tron, what would our music be? We walked through the Titan Tron opening. God, I don't know. We could figure something out. But what? Some type of retarded carnival music. We would look pathetic out there. Our skinny little white legs. All right, Billy. Hey, let me know, guys, if you want to do it. All right. Bye. Bye. Next Thursday, The Rock comes in for round two. The half-breed don't like it. The rock's a pussy. The rock's a pussy. The half-breed don't like it. The gloomy tornado. The rock's a pussy. The rock's a pussy. The rock's a pussy. The rock's a pussy. Is the man to be retarded? You see on the end of feedback? Get Jay Moore in the studio for next Thursday's show. Oh, man. I don't think we can make that happen. I think he's too busy out there in LA. I think The Rock would kill Jay Moore. Like, Jay's a big friggin' smartass is what he is. And he'd say something. Are you used to wrestle? Wait. Did Rick leave all the numbers behind? Get Jay Moore's number. Rick's in London. He's going to be back next week. Ben, doing a great job this week filling in, by the way. Yes. We got to try to get Jay Moore on the line. He'll give us some advice what to do next Thursday. Tell that half-breed. I got to pull a tape of all the things he said about The Rock. All right. Let's take a quick break, Ant, and we'll be back, all right? The Opie and Anthony Show. Throw men jumping all over each other. Okay, terrific. One, two, three, seven, WNEW. Oh, no, two, seven, WNEW. It's The Opie and Anthony Show. It's FU Friday. Hey, not many FUs coming in today. The best way is through the fax line. Make it short, because we do read a lot of faxes, and if you write a story, we usually just throw it away. We don't have time to read too much. A quick paragraph would do the trick, okay? The fax line, two, one, two, nine, five, seven, nine, six, three, nine. Ant and I are very distracted. We've got to give props to Leslie Gold, the radio chick. What's she up to there? The radio chick is the show on just before Ant and I. And wow. She put some pictures of herself on the WNEW website, WNEW.com, I believe, or is it FMTalk1027.com? I think either one will get you there. All right, WNEW.com. And she's got two brand new photos of herself, and I'm dying. Dying over here, Ant. Yeah, let's take a little look. I didn't realize she was that hot. I always thought she was hot, but she's like real hot. One shot, she's kind of squatting on a stool. She's got a little bit of legs showing there. Is that a little leg showing? Little thigh. She's dressed in black, blonde hair. And she's got a bang me face on. Without a doubt. She's making the bang me face. We don't get to see her like that. We get to see her with a baseball hat on, you know, pulled almost down over her eyes and stuff. And then what the hell's going on with this second shot? She's laying on some leopard skin couch thing or something. Yeah. And she's got her shirt open. Yep. She's got a bra on and her boob is hanging out. A very sexy bra. Half her boob is hanging out. She's got the F me face going. That's the look you see right before you jam at home. She's got a tight little belly thing working here. Look at that, nice. Damn, man. Wow. Didn't know this was going on. Who took these pictures? I don't know. Butchie? My goodness. Oh, no. Radio chick, you got us speechless today. Look at those eyes, man. Look at those eyes. She's looking right at me, man. She wants me. Look at that. Oh, really taken with the radio chick. Didn't realize she was that hot because we don't get to see her like that. You know? Because it's radio. Let's face it. We don't have to like dress up for TV cameras or nothing. We're all a bunch of flops unless we're doing an appearance or something. Thank God. Thank God this isn't TV. I almost assaulted my dermatologist this morning. Why? Oh, dude, come on. Look at my goddamn 30s. Look at this. Look at what the hell's going on with me. Dermatologists throughout the years always saying, don't worry, your pimples will go away as you get older. I'm going to be like, finally they're gone. I'm 97 years old. Well, they're gone because now you've got liver spots. Yeah, right? Yeah, it's coming up with liver spots. You know when you get a swamp lip and you're feeling all bad and stuff and you don't want to go out in public and... Actually, I got one coming on. Do you? Yeah. I got the second nose growing out of the side of my head. Oh. And I go, you know, what does a dermatologist tell you all the time? Don't squeeze it. Don't squeeze it. Don't squeeze it. I go in there. What does he do? He squeezes it. What makes his squeeze any better? Like, he knows. You want to pop that thing. God damn. If it makes you feel better, I got something going on right here. Yeah? It's a nerve condition. Can you feel it? Oh, yeah. It's starting to grow as I sit here. Have anything to do with me? No, I've been cool as far as what's going on with you lately. I could care less. As long as you're fun between two and seven. You're going to pay me back for that cruise? Yeah. I will. I can use the cash, too. I know you can. Now I know I have to pay you back. What is it again, $600? I don't know. I didn't check that bill. I think it's like $600. And it paid for my girlfriend's cruise to the Caribbean. How did that happen? A cruise that I wasn't even on, and now I have to pay for it. What do I have to pay? We're all paying, Opie. I didn't get nothing from the cruise. Like I did? Yeah, actually I did. I got a week's worth of peace. Jesus Christ. God damn, where's a German U-boat when you need it? Where's that iceberg? Why couldn't there be an iceberg? Yeah, it's just like the Titanic when you go on a cruise, sure. You'll meet Mr. Right. All right. Everyone wants to hear the rock interview over again, Anthony. The uncomfortable moment. Who's that? Is that Jake? Oh yeah? Then why is Spaz typing? Why is he typing? Oh no. Uh-oh. My girlfriend's on the line. Oh no. Screw it. Oh no. Oh no. San? Hi. Did you decide to listen today? Oh, good Lord. Hi Sandy. Oh hi Anthony. How you doing? How are you? I'm fine. I'm Dandy. I can say only that the hair on the back of my neck is standing. How's your cruise? It was good, thank you. And listen, Greg, I mean, oh my God. I just called him by his name. Well, everyone knows my real name. I know, but it's weird because I never use it. No one uses it though. I know. It's not like I leave the building and then everyone calls me by my real name. I know. I don't even use it. And my real name is Marcia. What? No, I was saying that you're paying for the cruise. I said I'd pay for it. Did I not make out a check the other day? Oh, I don't want to cause any rift between you two. No, no, no. San, San, with what money are you going to pay Amp back with? My money. What, you're printing money now? Yes. I was in banking for many years, so I can print money. Why don't you use that fake money of yours to pay some of the bills? What? I'm just kidding with you. Oh my God, come on. Just because Anthony hates women right now doesn't mean that you... I don't hate women. I have to help my buddy through a tough time. Let me tell you, I love women. Believe me. Oh, that's good. Just, never mind. Don't get into it. But I... I love women. Wait a minute. Read paragraph one. That's the problem. What did you say? Nothing, San. Okay. I just want to ask you that I offered to pay for this. Yes, she did, Anthony. Oh, really? Yes. But I do want to thank you for letting me go on it. No problem. And it was cheap. It was only six. It was six? Yes, it was a great deal. Is that it? All right. Next week, live on the show, I'll write out a check to Amp. It's so painful. It's nice to know that people are thinking of getting the economical cruises when I'm getting raked over the coast. That's good. It was a good cruise. Definitely was. All right, San. The rock's coming back to us. I know. I'm coming in. Okay. Uh-oh. Don't worry about it. All right. Sandy will save us. I will. Do you still like Anthony? Yes, I do. All right, good. Okay. Bye, Sandy. Bye. Your sister's on the line, Anthony. Uh-oh. Everyone check it in. Hey, Dawn. I'm not saying anything stupid. I'll watch my mouth. Listen. Not just the four-letter words. Don't say anything stupid. I won't say anything stupid. I just wanted to tell you not to be saying stupid things on the radio. I'm not saying anything. What am I saying? I said nothing. Okay. When you open the show at 3 o'clock, even though your show's supposed to start at 2. We were here at 2 today. Yeah. Yeah, you were playing reruns from Wednesday. We were here at 2. Shut up. X-MAY on the E-Ray run. Come on. The boss is out of town today. Okay. I won't tell if you won't. All right. No one noticed except for the guy. No one noticed except Anthony's sister. Yeah, I'm the only one. You busted us. Listen. What? You can't go on the air and say what you did after the show last night. I can say whatever the hell I want. No, because I couldn't believe I heard what I heard and I wound up going in reverse in the bank drive-through and I hit someone. No. My sister's getting in an accident. Any damage? It was with Johnny's car. Oh, that's okay. Yeah, that's okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, that's okay. Yeah, that's okay, then. Now, just a little scrape on the other car. Oh, good. I don't even think we're going to go through insurance companies, but I had to explain to her my brother is a radio personality and I was very shocked by what I heard on the radio and the car went into reverse. So, just be careful. Oh, don't you worry. And I saw your old boyfriend last night. Yeah, I'm going tonight. Adam Ferrara. You're going tonight? We're taking about 25 people with us. Really? I'm going to get a cut of this at the door. Damn, I wish I would have gone tonight. Yeah, well, you're welcome to meet us. We're going to dinner beforehand. What are you going, the eight or ten? The late one. Ten o'clock show? Yeah. And a Governor C. Adam. Yeah. All right, Donnie. If you can meet up with us. All right, Donnie. Otherwise, I'll see everyone at Super Bowl, right? Yes. Oh, are you going to be there with Sandy? Yeah, I'll be there. Okay, cool. Yeah, right. Okay, guys. No, of course I'm going to bring my lovely girlfriend. All right. Very good. Okay, so Anthony, watch him now. We don't want anyone else backing up in the bank drive up. Okay, Donnie. Okay. All right. Love you. Bye. Bye, Donnie. A lot of surprises on tonight's show. Tom from Hofstra makes a good point. Hey, Ant, thought you'd want to know that Opie did a greaseman impression after you left yesterday. Wait a minute. I was gone for maybe the last three minutes of the show. Yeah, tops. Do you know how many drinks that is on the Opie and Anthony drinking game? I forgot about that. Opie doing an impression. There's an Opie and Anthony drinking game somewhere on the internet. I think you can get to it on the unofficial website. Yeah. And that's one of the things, if I ever do an impression on the show, it's like, I don't know, I think you have to like chug a ton of beer or something. Yeah. My God. It was quick and stupid. And no, I will not repeat it, Anthony. Thank you very much. So, okay. All right. We're running late, so we got to take another break. Are we going to get Jay Moore on the line? The publicist is working on it? All right. We're going to try to get Jay Moore on the line because we need some advice because we found out today, Anthony, live on the radio, finding out that The Rock is coming back this coming Thursday for another fun-filled interview by your pals, Opie and Anthony. All right? It could be fun. All right. Opie and Anthony. Someone get this pen out of my nose. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. It's Opie and Anthony. It's FU Friday. I was going through some of the FUs while we were reading the Priceline commercial, Anthony. Yeah. Not many coming in, really. Nothing good, anyway. The best way to do it is through the fax line, 212-957-9639. Oh, I need my water spaz badly. Where is it? Oh, poor. All right. I need my water. I'm dying of thirst here. Go back to the phones. Hey, Chris, what's up today? Yes, fellas. I'm kind of a little disappointed today. I made this beautiful sign to bring to the garden on Sunday. I'm going. I don't know whether I should bring it now. I don't want to cause any trouble between you and him, you know? No, go ahead. Bring all the signs. Really? It's still on, yeah. It's beautiful. It says, Hey, Rock, eat your heart out and steal the show. Love, Opie and Anthony. All right. I'm going to make sure you guys from the magazine are there. Honestly, you know, we're still very, very pissed off at the Rock and very pissed off at the WWF. We'll see what happens Thursday. Let me tell you something about this whole thing. The Rock is coming in next Thursday. I got the call from the WWF today. They didn't explain anything. They didn't apologize, nothing. They didn't tell us why, you know, the Rock acted like he did, blah, blah, blah. But this is not fake. Yeah. I'm surprised. I'm surprised. Is it even a great to let them come on? If you're going to resolve on the phone. This isn't fake, though. I will not accept that today from our listeners. If like someone that doesn't like the show wants to pound us with innocent feedback or a phone call saying this is definitely fake, it's a setup, you know, you guys did this all along, whatever. But the faithful listeners got to understand this is not fake. I know it's real. Absolutely not. We were really pissed off when Rock came in here and left. He looked like a crybaby. You know, he blindsided us. We had nothing to do with what he was claiming. Man to man, I told him, look, I have no idea what you're talking about. He still was, you know, like a little crybaby and walked out on us. No question. I know. I was uncomfortable driving in the car with him. I can imagine how you guys felt, inch to inch with him. And he's coming back this Thursday and it's going to be interesting radio because I, if I back down a second time, I'll never forgive myself. I'm serious. That's going to be rough. It's going to be a weird day, but don't, don't, don't even begin to think that this is all a setup because it's not. I don't think it's a setup at all. Well, a bunch of people are pounding us and I swear to God, you know, like you said, the faithful listeners like me know it was the real deal. So it's hard to believe anything as far as wrestling is concerned. You know, when, when what's his name died? Owen Hart, Owen Hart died. Like I didn't think he was really dead. Right. So obviously people are going to think it's some kind of a wrestling angle to have the rock pissed at us. If it's an angle, we don't know anything about it. And that's the guy's honest truth. No clue. But I don't think it is because he was really, you know, bummed out and the words eat and steal on my sign are in bold print. All right, Chris. Good. Very good. Thank you. All right. Bye. Another Chris on the line. What's up, Chris? Hey, what's up? Hey. All right. So the guy was just about front row center with a man cow wow sign on a SmackDown. That was pretty frustrating. Can I, I mean, there's a list of stations that have stolen the wow concept from us and they're all listed on the foundrymusic.com underground website. Please pound those radio stations because now everyone has forgotten where that whole concept started. Yeah. Whatever. It's all over the place now. All right. We're not getting credit for it because we're only in one market right now. So there was a bunch of rubes in all these tiny little radio markets all over the country that that think, you know, Man Cow is is God because they think he came up with this Whip them out Wednesday concept. They didn't write last night. I think the show was in Chicago. Right. I don't know if he's on there or what. Yeah. All right. But I was also wondering if I could be the first contestant in what borough does Anthony live in. Oh, yeah, sure. We do that. Yeah. What's the contest again? What borough does Anthony live in? It's kind of easy because there's only so many boroughs. Right. Right. Well, I'm going to try to take the obvious and say Manhattan. You were saying Manhattan. Yeah. No, it is not Manhattan. Thank you. I work at WNEW. I remember that. I cannot afford an apartment in Manhattan. Please. All right, Chris. Thank you. All right. I'm very excited. Get to find out where you're living now. I hope he doesn't even know. No one knows. Want to take another guess at? All right. Tim? Hey, how are you doing, Open Ant? Real good. All right. I think it's not where does Anthony live. It's where does drunk German head with a bullet hole in his head live, not an ant on the couch. No, sorry. Okay, man. All right. All right. What is this big, huge, Opie Anthony thing? I'm going to wave it. Oh, nice. Really? Okay, Anthony1027. Where's he waving that? At the arena. Oh, cool. From the floor. Awesome. Good. Hope the rock sees it and turns it sideways and shoves it up your candy ass. Hey, John, what's up? Hey, guys. How are you doing? Great. I heard you were thirsty, Ope. Yeah, we're all thirsty. Is it a little while ago? Well, I was wondering. I mean, since I'm just a little bit away here and since we have a cause to celebrate since you're thirsty and to make up for the crappy phone call I gave you yesterday, I thought you were going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. I'm going to be a little bit more excited. How about I come by with a couple of sixes? And a bossy in around either, right? I'm happy to do it. Well, you know, we could have the beers and then after the show, while they've been chilling in the fridge, we can enjoy some in the safety and sanctity of our office far from the on-air studio. Of course. Come by, John. Thank you. You're in. I'll be back. Bye. No one else wants to guess what borough you live in? What? There's only a few left. Yeah. Al, what's up? Hey, guys, you know how frustrating it is to listen to you guys? Not scheme, what was the word? You guys are playing games again. You're not being honest. What do you mean? You're talking amongst yourselves with your girlfriend, your siblings, and don't say this and don't say that. I haven't a clue what the hell you're talking about. Wait, then you've got to be freaking retarded, Al. From what I gather, I think that Anthony's wife or something threw him out or whatever. No, no, no. See, I don't know. You go again. No, obviously not a faithful listener. We've been giving you guys hints for months. I've been listening. I've been listening while I'm working. If you put the pieces together, you know every detail. Why is something growing on your face? Because of Anthony. We don't know that either. No, that's just... No, no. Hope he gets a cold sore on his lip when he's stressed out. That's his cross to bear. Isn't he stressed out because of you? No, no. I swear to you, I'll tell you why I'm stressed out. You really want to know? Yeah, I'd like to know. All right, because tomorrow I'm getting that laser surgery on my eyes. Are you really? Yeah, and I'm freaking out. That's not foolproof, brother. What? That's not foolproof. I looked into it. No kidding. That's why I'm scared. I might back out at the last minute and I don't even want to take any calls from anyone about this. Because I didn't even want to bring it up because I'm freaked enough. Well, good luck to you. All right. See you later. Bye. Man. Mary wants to guess where you're now living, Anthony. All right, Mary. Mary? What's up, guys? All right. How are you all doing today? Would you like to play Where is Anthony Living Now? Yeah, actually I would. Where? Well, since you work for WNEW and make crap money, I say you're living up in Harlem. Yeah, me and Vangie. Doing the brothers again and on. Me and Vangie jacking up. Vangie, that's her name, Vangie. I can't remember her name. No, I am not living in Harlem. Oh, man, I thought you were going to find the FDR from now on. Very good, Mary. Thank you. Later, guys. Bye. Wow, no one has guessed it yet, Ant. No. John, you're next on the program. What's up? Oh, Peter and Anthony. Yes. How are you doing? All right. I was in the ESPN zone the other night and I met The Rock. And my friend Sam, he knows a lot of wrestlers and he introduced me to him and he was talking about the show and I asked him a question after we were talking for a little bit. I said, I listened to Hope and Anthony a little bit. I heard the show and he was talking some mad crap about you guys. Oh, yeah? He hates you guys. He hates us. Hates? Why does he hate us? He didn't flat out say I hate him. He was like, give me the cold jollies. Those guys are chumps. I'm like, yeah, I don't listen to them. Even though I listen to you all the time, I'm like, yeah, I don't listen to them that much. You pussy. Oh, you curse. You're a curse, man. Thank you, John. Sorry, dude. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. See? Everyone's all brave until you see them face to face. I know. Then you definitely act differently. Sal, you're next on WNDW. Hey, what's up, guys? How you doing? Good. I say when the rock comes in, you guys get dressed like goalies, hockey goalies, full equipment, the whole nine yards. Not a work. Not a bad idea. I'm seriously thinking about it. And you guys, Anthony? Yeah? How about the bar of Queens? Oh, you're saying Queens? Yes, I am. No. All right, guys. You guys suck. As far as Anthony's concerned. No, not Queens. That's too close. Yeah. No, not Queen. You started your life in Queens. Yes, flushing. All right. I'm trying to find the answer for you here, buddy. Matt, what's up? No, what's going on, guys? I say it's the Bronx. No, I say it's the Bronx. All right, I'm just gonna say it. I'm going to the Bronx. I'm going to the Bronx. I'm going to the Bronx. I'm trying to find the answer for you here, buddy. Matt, what's up? Yo, what's going on, guys? I say it's the Bronx. No, it is not the Bronx. We're running out of burros. We certainly are, very quickly running out of burros. All right, let's go to John. John, you're up next. What's up? I say Brooklyn. Brooklyn! Yes! All right. I'm Italian. I'm named Anthony. It was the law. Anthony, you're living in Brooklyn? Yes! Hey, guys! Let me write that down. I'm Brooklynite. Can we guess your phone number now? Because I would like to have that. Go ask yourself. It's the first, like, number nine. It's 718. I'll tell you that much. 7184? I'm not telling you. No, I'll fucking get my goddamn phone number. All right, John, I think you've got to love what you're doing. I'm going to go to the bathroom. All right, John, I think you got a lovely gift prize from the Opie and Anthony show. Cool. Hey, guys. Ben, what do we got for him? What, John? Last night I was watching the Channel 2 News. They were interviewing guys that were going through the homeless shelter. Ziggy was on. Someone else faxed us about that. Get out! I faxed that to you guys earlier, yeah. Is that really true? Yeah, Ziggy was on there. They had it right underneath there. Ziggy, homeless person. I was like, holy crap, Ziggy, I've got to call these guys. No kidding. Yeah, I was like, whoa. All right, John. I recognized them from the unofficial website. Right, which is over a million hits today. Cool. Well, Ben, what do we got for John? DVDs, CDs, shirts, videos, all kinds of stuff. Wow. Big prize package. Look at that, a prize package. Cool. For guessing where Aunt lives now. Where I live. All right, John, hold on to the line, all right? All right. All right, cool. Look at this, Opie. Tommy from New York saying, you better hope your eye surgery goes terrible so you won't be able to see the rock kicking your ass next week. I think I'm going to back out. No, come on. I'm serious. You can't back out. It's supposed to be everybody's an instant feedback, at least saying that it's good. 2020 vision. I know. Yeah. It'd be nice. God, too bad I didn't have this surgery when I was really single. No, because then I would have been picking up some hot babes and stuff because I'd be able to see them. What are you saying? They looked hot in the dark bars without glasses. Without glasses on? Oh my gosh. A different story when I brought them home. There might have been the beer talking then again. Hey, you've got a schlomp. Shut up. Let's take a break. We'll regroup and we'll be back. We'll be back. Opi and Anthony. Opi and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. It's FU Friday with Opi and Anthony. We're just kind of screwing off today. Yeah, it's Friday. Pretty much like every day. Are we getting any faxes, Ben? Not really, huh? I want to send a big FU to... What? I can't read it. What the who the what? I can't read it. What the who the what? I can't read it. What the who the what? I can't read it. What the who the what? I can't read it. What the who the what? I can't read it. What the who the what? I can't read it. What? I can't read it. What the who the what? A big FU to Hillary Clinton. She couldn't get a job as a daytime stripper with that fat ass. Daytime stripper. Please hypnotize the rock and turn him into a... Whoop. Into a... Oh, I can't say that. Let's see. Whoa, stop. Big FU to Anthony for sounding like Stern whining about his wife. Oh, shut up. Like I'm friggin whining. Give me a break. You won't hear Anthony whine. I'm banging. Okay. And once again, a bunch of faxes and none we can really read on the air because they're they're pointless really. So keep trying. Fax line two one two nine five seven nine six three nine. Let's go to Joe. Joe, what's going on? Hey, Opie. Hey, how you doing? All right. You said you were scared. Let me tell you something. I'm not a laser surgeon. I didn't even want to bring this up on the air. You know, I think most clothes you're going to get, it's going to be positive. This being one of them. I had it done last September and it's unbelievable. I'm sitting at my computer prior to getting surgery. I couldn't read the computer screen. The big E on the chart. Forget about it. You know, it was just a big blur. Next day, the day after the surgery, I'm reading my neighbor's license plate from across the street. I couldn't tell what kind of car it was before. I love you guys that get the surgery. You talk about like how you're just walking around reading things now and it's like amazing. Let me tell you something. To this day, a year later, every once in a while, I'm driving around and I'll look and go, man, this is incredible. You see, and you don't understand because you never really, you never had glasses around. You don't understand. What do you wear, Opie? Contacts or glasses? Classes right now. I used to wear contacts, but it was just a nightmare. It sounds crazy. And I guess unless you wear contacts, if the five minutes it takes to wash them, you know, in the morning, what a pain in the ass. Yeah. What a pain in the ass. It would be nice to just walk outside and be able to see stuff without putting my glasses on and all that stuff. But you struck a nerve with me when you said how afraid you were. Yeah, I'm freaking. I'm not going to lie. I skydive. I remember my first jump was I had a malfunction where my name didn't open. I had to go to reserve. Let me tell you something. I was more scared going in for this, for the surgery. Than jumping out of a plane. Than jumping out of the plane. I'm telling you. But. Yeah, I wake up every day. I'm going to do it. And then like by the end of the day, I'm like, no, I can't do that. Yeah, it helped me. When I went there, I watched someone going through it. Now, it's a little, it's a little gruesome to watch it. I don't know what you're having it done. Maybe you don't want to say, but I'm sure you did your research on your doc. Yes, big time. And. And. You know, the one thing I learned, if you, if you are going to get this laser surgery done, you got to do the research on the doctor because this, this procedure is getting so huge that a lot of these doctors are getting a weekend course and then they're, they're doing it. Yeah, pretty soon dentists will be able to do what the drill to hang a shingle out. Right. Yeah. Because I mean, they're getting certified to do the surgery pretty much every weekend, a bunch of people. So you got to find someone that has done an S load of these. Absolutely. That's key. And the guy, I spoke to so many people, you know, who I, as friends of friends, he had done, give me his number, let me call him and got a lot of positive, positive feedback on it. So that, that kind of helped, but it do it. The only thing I was, I was talking to spaz before he was asking me, it's not painful, but it's a lot more uncomfortable than they lead you to believe it was. Oh, at least the guy's being honest. I'm going to tell you straight out. All right. They put this thing in your clockwork orange. You guys saw the movie, I'm sure. Yes. The thing that holds the eye open is called the scapula, if I remember correctly. That thing, man, that thing hurts when they, when they put it on and it, your eye is wide open. Oh. Then they put, you have an elastic done, right? Yeah. And they put this device, Anthony, you, it's like a. Listen to Anthony Freak, cause he's more squeamish than I. It's a mechanical plane. And what it does, it slides across the top of your eye and it slices the cornea, if I remember correctly. Wow. Just about like 95% of the way through. Wow. Then he takes a pair of tweezers. Yes. This is that go, go. And he flips, he flips that, that flap that he just created by the slice over. Yeah. And once he does that, he is where I got scared going through it. You go blind. Ah. You don't see any light. Everything goes black. Your eye is open and you're blind. Right. What he did is he just took off the part of the eye that you're looking through. Yeah. Like that, like every part of your eye is, is necessary. Exactly. Not like extra parts. Exactly. So they remove the top of your cornea. You don't want to just slice this off and lose it. Right? No. So how long are you blind for? Ah, as long as it takes the laser to do its thing. And what you, what you did, I'm, I told him, I'm, I must have left my fingerprints in the, the chair rails because I'm squeezing for all I'm worth. I'm not going tomorrow. I'm not going. I'm not going. I'm not going to sit here and act brave. I'm a puss. Oh, you're taking this wrong. I'm trying to poke you into doing this. So how long, how long did it take? How long did you have your flap, flap open? Oh, I'd say, I'd say about 15 seconds because what you do, when he flaps it open, everything goes black, but you could still see there's a red dot on the laser. And he says, just stare at the red dot. And I'm like, doc, I can't see the dot. He goes, you're doing, you know, at that point when I couldn't see it. I'm just concentrating on holding my eyeballs still. All right. I'm looking at the same spot. I'm looking at the same spot. And you hear the laser and it's like, it's not like a tick, tick, tick, tick, tick, tick. And what it does, it just, it, it burns off and burns probably the wrong term. It's like a, it's like a cold laser, I believe. And it just shaves down the, the cornea to the proper curvature. And then that stops. He flips the thing over and you could start seeing again. Everything's blurry as hell. This is one eye I'm talking about. Oh my. One eye at a time, obviously. He flips it over. You start seeing light again. You make out images from going completely blind and black. You could actually see, you know, shapes and colors. Oh boy, shapes and colors. I'll tell you, let me tell you. Well, once they did that, they're done with the eye. You relax and they do the same thing to the other eye. This is why I did not. That takes about 10, maybe 15 minutes between the time they stop your rest period between the left eye and the right eye. I get up out of the chair and walk outside. And before I went in for the surgery, I looked out the window and I, you know, tried to read something across the way. It was a big Nordstrom sign. And let me tell you something. That big sign on the side of the building was hard to see when I went in. When I came out, it was blurry as hell. But guess what? I can actually see it. Oh man. So. Oh boy. It's unbelievable. I got to look at it. How long ago did you have it done? Last September. Okay. If, if I can, if you'll give me a chance, I'll go on real quick. Go ahead. Looking at, later on that day, my vision's not getting any better. Here's where I started worrying again. Holy s. What I do to my eyes. Everything's blurry. I think it's a double vision and I'm getting real nervous. I went to bed that night. The next morning I woke up, I had 2015 vision. It's overnight. You go from seeing blurry to seeing better than you ever did in your life. All right, Joe. Wait, all the bad stuff. Yeah. It's worth it. You know, I, well, you just said, I'm not doing it. Do it. I'm telling you. It's amazing. And it's worth the money you pay for it. Wow. I mean, in my opinion, of course, maybe someone could give you a call a little later telling you that, you know, they see double vision, but. Hey, how do they, how do they fasten that flap back? The eye has, again, it's what I was told, I get to put a layman's turnstile on a stand, but the eye has like a natural sucking action. Come on. You're using all the wrong words. It's like a pulsing action. cornea back down, it kind of sucks itself back on. And then eventually that, that incision that they made with the, with the plane heals itself. Would you just be afraid to blink that it's going to flap off? Well, you know, he says, you know, don't, don't shower. Don't stare up at the shower. And, you know, I'm, I'm protecting my eyes. They give you, they give you the goggles to put on too. Actually, you know what? Holy Jesus, you got to come in here wearing goggles. I'll wet myself. The old man in Florida type glasses. The Terminator glasses? Terminator glasses. You got it. Oh, you got to wear the Terminator glasses. You always have a sense of humor. My name is Joe Pink. Hi. You haven't done it tomorrow. I don't know. All right, Joe. Thank you. All right. Hey, well, I hope I, I hope I was able to give you a little insight and give you some positive feedback. It's, uh, that's all, you know, that's the gruesome details. But, uh, do it. It changes your life. Thank you. Thank you. All right, guys. Take care. There goes Joe. This won't hurt a bit. Johnny, you're next on the show. What's up? Hey, what's up guys? How you doing? Hey, I got a couple things for both of you guys. One, oh, uh, um, with regards to, um, that laser surgery. Yes. Um, a buddy of mine had a fishhook in his eye. We were out fishing. Uh, and that's disgusting, man. That's all I can think about. And also if you got to wear short and curly, I mean, you got to wear those. What happens if you get a short curly in there, man? You get a short curly in your eye? Yeah. I mean, if you're down there, you don't understand. Yeah. Well, I don't know. Maybe he won't have to, maybe he won't put his head down there. Yeah. And that, um, you said you're living in Brooklyn, right? Yeah. Are you living in your car? Yeah, that's it. I'm on the side of the Felt Parkway. I thought you were fucking up with old dirty or something. Yeah, that's what it is. Hey, do you need a furniture? We can get a little furniture drive going for you. No, I think I could, uh, I think I could swing a couple of, uh, beanbag chairs and, uh, a cooler. That's all I need. Yeah, like four recliners and a TV? Uh, oh, TV. Whoa. Whoa. Boy, that'd be nice. Now, I'll be, I'll be just fine, man. Hey, Ope, with, uh, Valentine's Day coming up, uh, what's happening? You going to get Chandy another car and, you know, keep her up for one more year? Uh, definitely. Yeah. After what I learned today, what are you kidding? What I learned today? Pre-nup. All right, guys, peace, man. You rock. That word has just entered my vocabulary. Yeah. Hey, is there anything as a post-nup? Pre-nup. Yeah. What's up? Don't do it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I knew it. I got a story for you. You know what's scary? What? The guy before you that just completely freaked me out was, was all for me getting the surgery tomorrow. He said no matter what the horror is it's worth it. That he had to explain to me, and now we have a guy saying don't do it. Go ahead, Brian. He, my uncle, he had, he had a guy that was like, oh man, how can I do this? I was like, he was going to do this. I was like, yeah, I can do this. I'm going to do this. Can I? I was like, you know, I'm going to do this. It's worth it that he had to explain to me and now we have a guy saying don't do it. Go ahead, Brian. He, my uncle, he had, you know, pretty bad sight. Now this is secondhand info. The first guy was firsthand info. Okay, but he's a very close uncle to me. He's a good friend of mine. He goes in for the surgery. He goes blind for a second in one eye. Never got the vision back. Okay. Ah, shut up. Never, I'm serious. I gotta hang up on him. His little piece of cornea like slipped off. Shut up! Shut up! Fell on the floor. That's the dream I've had. Ow! Because the machine goes across and actually slices the cornea and it makes a flap and then the flap is like, you know, folded over and then the laser. And then they put the flap back. Put the flap back. And my, the nightmare I've been having lately is they just keep going and cut it right off. Oh, I'm sure it's not how far the machine goes that does the cut. I'm sure it goes all the way past your eye, but like the top or bottom is still connected. Well, yeah. You know what I mean? It's not like, oh, the machine went too far and cut the whole slice off. Like a piece of ham at the belly. Well, this is the stuff I'm going to learn tomorrow. So you don't think there's a possibility whatsoever of it going too far and just completely slicing it off? Oh, dude, there's a possibility the whole apparatus could cave in and fall into your head. What do I know? Oh, hey Chris, what's going on? How you doing, guys? All right. I had the surgery done about three and a half years ago. Yeah. When I was in sort of its infancy and they went over with the laser. They cut it everything. They put a protective contact over it. I went to sleep that night. The next morning I go to wake up. I tried to open my eyes. I start screaming in pain. The contact fell out with all the medication covering the eye. And I had to be dragged to the doctor with my eyes closed. Walking with two people holding me because I couldn't get outside because there was no cornea over it. It was just wrought skin up against my eyes. Well, that's three years ago. I know. It has changed, but I do have perfect vision. Where are you going to get it done? I don't want to say right now. I can understand. And you living in Bensonhurst? Close enough. Really? Bay Ridge? Very close. I'd go for a drink if you're in Brooklyn. Cool, man. I'll talk to you later. Later. Bye-bye. I can't say exactly where Anthony's staying. I'm such a huge celebrity. Oh, sure you are. I'd be slumped. Hey, you are Anthony. Hey, Sal, what's up? What's up? I got my eye surgery done a couple months ago. I don't know where the guy went. He must have went to Joe the Butcher or something. Yeah. Nothing. I mean, Opie, don't be afraid. You don't go blind when they flip the thing open. You just see blurry. The guy, I don't know where he went. The only time you go blind is when they put the thing to open, you know, to cut that thing around it. And they'd numb your eye so much with those drops, you could punch yourself in the face. You won't feel a thing. Maybe you should do that when the rock comes in. You won't feel it. That's not a bad idea. So you're very happy with the results? I'm very happy. I got 15-15 vision. I brought my partner with me, my girlfriend with me. Seven people I brought with me. How bad were your eyes before? I was on the contact. It was minus 275 and minus 250. Wow, that's pretty bad. My girlfriend was minus 10, and she's 20-20. Yeah. I mean, it was really bad. All right. I mean, I went to Dr. Nick Sali. I don't know if I can say his name, but he's really great. No pain whatsoever. These guys are all trying to scare you. I'm the biggest pussy there is when it comes to Doc. Right. Let me tell you, but I wasn't afraid at all. Thank you. And I got to see it before I did it because I watched my brawl being done. I will not be able to watch anyone else. If I'm going to do it, I just got to just do it. I'm not going to sit there and watch someone else go through it. No way. A little bit because you got the big TV. All you see is the pupil being done. And that like freaked me out a little bit. But you don't get to see it when you're underneath the laser. All right. And I got a big FU to Mother Nature because it's damn freezing out here. All right, Sal. Very cold. Take care, guy. Have a good weekend. Hey, if you come to Diker Heights, Anthony, come over to the house. I'll give you a nice homemade wine. All right, man. Take care. Hey, everyone. Welcoming me, Steve. Welcoming you back to the neighborhood, Anthony. It says, yo, welcome to Brooklyn. The fine people of Brooklyn welcoming me, I'll be with open arms. Well, you'll fit right in. Of course. If I moved to Brooklyn, I don't think I would fit in as well as you. I've always loved Brooklyn. To be with my own kind, I think I have to go all the way out to Riverhead. Isn't that where the Polish community is? I don't know. A lot of blacks in Riverhead, I'll be. I'm not that Polish. I'm a mutt. All right, a couple more in the eye surgery and we'll move on. Mike, what's up? What's happening, guys? All right. I had it done last Friday. Last week? Last week. OK. 10 a.m. in the morning. Got home at 1, laid down till 4, got up and the first thing I saw was the time on my VCR, crystal clear. Wow, look at this, a success story. Unbelievable. And it was no big deal? No big deal. You go dark for about 10 to 15 seconds and then you see the light, like you said, that pulse come back on. The whole thing takes five minutes. It doesn't take 20 minutes or a half hour. These doctors are doing this in their sleep now too, pretty much. Well, this guy's in midtown. You probably heard of him. I won't say who it is, but you knew what he was doing. Cool. So good luck, Opie. Go do it. I hope he was. All right. Thank you. See you. Bye. Don't get... See, then I'm like, OK, no big deal. I'll go tomorrow. Sounds good. And now I go to Tony. Tony, what's up? Opie, don't do it. Opie, I'm telling you the truth, man. Listen, I had the surgery done about three months ago. Yeah. All right. Here's my problem, OK? My left eye, they screwed up something with my tear duct. And what happens is, if you see my eye right now, I got so much water oozing out of my eye. It's constantly... I have to use either like a cloth or something with me, because they tell me it's normal. But I got to tell you the truth. It is absolutely the grossest thing, because it oozes. Your eye, you can't help it. It's like you're crying all the time in one eye. It's horrible. So I've got a lawsuit pending because I... One eye is good. The one eye that I did have it done to is fine. I made me go back to the second eye, but now all of a sudden, you know, I started to explain to them what's going on. And the doctor said, well, at first he said, don't worry about it. It's normal. And now all of a sudden, don't worry. It's going to heal all by itself. Well, that's one of the things I've heard too. All right, Tony. Thank you. Tony? Thank you. I'm affected his hearing too, obviously. Bob, what's up? We got to wrap up this. Hey, I was thinking of having the surgery done myself, but that first guy that was talking to you, I think Kopp talked me out of it. I think he talked half of the Tri-State area out of it. And he was the one that was, you know, positive. I know. And the thing is, my wife said to me the other day, I think you should go for a vasectomy. And I say, should I get my eyes fixed or go for a vasectomy? But after what that guy said, I think I'm going to go for the vasectomy. I'm not really sure. I hope I go to the right doctor when I get it done, though. Yeah, no doubt. Yeah, and Anthony, you're full of... Well, you're not living in Brooklyn. You're in old Westbrook with Allison. All right, Bob. Okay. Bye. Bye. Yeah, we never went by the house to give her flowers. No. We should have done that. One of the bits that we never did. Seamus, what's up? Hey, what's up, man? All right. Listen, I work in one of the centers. It's no problem. It takes five minutes. You'll never even know it was done. Really? Yeah. You just got to put in drops. Putting in the drops are worse than the procedure. Yeah. Sure. Trust me. I've actually seen the flap get cut off. All right, cut it out. That's what I'm worried about. It gets cut off. They put it right back on and believe it or not, in less than four minutes, it's healed back down. You would never knock it off. How the hell does that happen? How does your eyes like... Oh. Yeah, how does that... Three layers and they don't go down to the bottom layer. The middle layer is really cohesive. Cohesive, Opie? It's like glue. It's its own goo-glue. Goo-glee-glue. It's called stroma. It heals right down. All right. Really? How many do you guys do a day? Probably around 10 a day. Really? Just go to someone who's going to treat you right. Don't go to someone that says, Oh, I do 50 a day. If he does 50 a day, how does he have any time for you? Take your time. I'm not really sure I'm done. Honestly... Go to someone that's good. Honestly, the guy I picked, I have no problem with. It's just... I'm just scared in general. You know, I did a... I've been doing research on this for a really long time since like last April. So, we should have gone to one of those butcher shops. We got one of those cow eyes. And a razor. And I could have showed you. What a point. Shut it down, Ant! Hey, that razor they use is like a $20,000 razor. Really? Yeah. Very sharp, very thin. Oh, man. You wouldn't believe this thing. It's so precise. All right. Thank you, Seamus. Hey, good luck with it, man. All right, man. Last one. We'll end this with Matt. Matt, you're next. What's up? Hey, what's going on, guys? All right. I just had the surgery done like two days ago. It's like amazing. It's like I could see perfect now. Really? Like I was totally blind almost before. Uh-huh. And then you definitely got to go get it done. Don't listen to those guys. See, I'm not that blind, though. I can walk around without glasses for the most part. Yeah, but those guys, man. It's like night driving and all that crap. I want to like, you know. You don't want to crash. No, I don't. All right, guys. All right, Matt. Go do it, though. All right. Bye. Bye. All right, we got to take a break. Oh. Now I don't know what to do. Bye. I don't know what to do now. I guess you got to do it. I mean, come on. Well, it's over in five minutes. No matter how bad the horror is, it'll be over in five minutes. The odds are good that it'll be fine. No longer than a slow death by slitting someone's throat. You'd sit there and bleed out and it would take five minutes. No different than maybe you sitting on the train tracks in a car with the train barreling down on you. It's five minutes. That's it, right? I guess so. So you the horror that you might feel is only going to be five minutes long. Right. Who's on the warm line before we take a break? We are trying to get Jay Moore. Come on, Spaz. Who is it? All right, we got to take a break. Nope, they hung up. All right, we'll be back. Stay there. And it's up to you Friday with your pals, Zofia and Anthony. You know, it's cool about the surgery too. After you have it done and you put your glasses on after you had it done. It looks like you're looking through binoculars backwards. People look really far away. Or maybe it'll look like a telescope. Cut it out, man. Now everyone's calling me a pussy. All right, I'll just do it. I'll just do it. Do it. You can do it. You can do it. Bill, you're next on the radio show. What's up? How's it going? My name is Bill. Yes, I know. I could... Oh, sorry. I got dumped this week. I see Anthony's... What's that? Go ahead, Bill. Yeah, it's not an FU though. All right, again. I see Anthony's taking his situation very well. And I want to come in there for inspiration and to see some naked chicks. Kind of cheer me up. Who says I got dumped? I didn't say... No, I'm not saying you did. I said your situation. I know you're not dumped. You're happy. I want to address the situation. Is that the official name for this? Yeah, let's call it the situation. It's called... The Situation. We like to call it The Situation. But I want to make a direct reference. Yeah. Code word snatch. We'll just call it... The Situation. All right, Bill. Thank you. Thank you, O. All right. Bye. Dave, you're next on the radio show. Yeah, I got a big FU for Anthony. Why? What the... He's such a puss. Why? Backing down when he hears the rocks coming in. And then all of a sudden I'm listening to the Howard Stern Show where I'm listening to him crying about his marital problems. And he's just a big puss. So there is no... You got it. You are the biggest wuss. I hope the rock comes in there. I hope the rock tears you a new a-hole. Thank you, Dave. You got it. Rock will be here Thursday. I love it. All right, Dave. Thank you. Bye. Are you distraught today, Anthony? I'm so distraught. I'm going through the instant feedbacks and about 20 girls want to bang me. Wow, this chick wants to F you. I'm on 10. Sarah! Yeah. What's up? Nothing. You want to F Anthony? Yep. I want to be the first one to vote on that. After the situation's over? The situation? Oh my God. Well, we'll wait till after the situation. Think we have a contest, you think? Why? Why? Give one of our fine listeners a chance to, you know, to bang me? Oops, too late. We already have a winner. What? What? Well, Sarah, I don't think he's going to take you up on that one. All right, sorry. That's okay. Hey Anthony, you want to be just like Howard, don't you? This is from Gary, New York. Old bit. This is an old bit. This is an old bit. I'm ripping off Howard. Sarah, I want to be. That's exactly it. That's the reason that there's a situation. Well, Howard didn't invent that, did he, Anthony? Do you know how pissed I was when he announced that? Like, oh, I'm being separated from my wife, Jackie. He announces it. Meanwhile, I'm already probably a month out of my house already, but I haven't said anything on the air, you know, because I'm just, you know, waiting for the right time. He announced it. I'm like, great. Now everyone's going to say I'm ripping off Howard. That's a little going to extreme, isn't it? Maybe I can understand doing a wacky voice that I might have heard on the Stern show in the 80s. Billy West genius. But I mean, no, I think that would be taking a little far. You're saying I'm breaking up with my wife because of Howard. You should have said something earlier though, then we could have claimed that he was ripping you off. Maybe we could go through some tapes of before Howard announced it to see if there was any signs. Oh, there were signs. See if there was any, there was not me and everyone speaking to each other. There were, we were excited. We were talking to each other. I know. Guys don't even know what happened. Oh, it's hysterical. It's just a laugh riot. Oh, yeah. Oh, now I do got to deal with like lawyers and stuff. You know how much fun we have with lawyers like, oh, dealing with your own is bad enough. I think I'm involved with your situation. But hers is the feeling I'm getting with some of the stuff you told me in the office today. Oh, I don't know. I get involved. I don't know. I don't know. How am I involved with your situation? Well, and then she goes out and gets that fat bastard lawyer. Ah, ah. That's all I'll say. Ah, I'll represent you. Ah, ah. Jesus Christ. I goofed on him on the E-show. Now he's getting me back. Third surprise on the show today. That's the biggest surprise. Ah, ah. Oh, Christ. Oh, don't pick up two. No. No? No. Not ready to drop that bomb, shall I get? This is a multifaceted assault. Kelly. Auntie Bron. How are you doing, guys? Good. What's up? I'm a phone text operator. I want to adopt you some phone texts since you don't have a relationship anymore. Who's saying that? Well, I think you are, but in close situations. Well, Kelly, let's see what you got. Just, yeah, let's hear your stuff. Just, you can't say the dirty words. I can't say the dirty words? No, like substitute stupid words for that. Right, like slung. And member. Yeah, no. No, all right, we'll give you all the code words. For the mail stuff. Yeah. Just say junk. Junk. Or like, for your like backdoor. Are you writing all this down? I'm serious. I'm writing it down. All right, for the backdoor on you, because, you know, that should be part of your little fantasy here. Sure. Just say balloon knot. Balloon? Not. Balloon knot. Not. You're writing all this down, right? Yeah. Okay, the front door? Yeah. Refer to it as the whale's eye. My front door? Yes. Yeah. What's your front door? That's the junk. That's the junk? Yeah. What about the things in between? Isn't that the junk? Well, I mean, you could say the twigs and berries and all that. No, but just say your junk. Your junk. I want to take your junk. You know what I'm saying? Well, Anthony, I want to take your junk. You gotta... Boy, that's some foreplay there, huh? Okay. You want some foreplay? There's a little touching. You want some foreplay? Nah, that's right. Put my junk in your mouth, you're on. I'll come in and do the Tuesday Night Hammer Club. All right, we're calling you up, right? And we're spending a bloody fortune. Now get into it. Well, if you're spending a bloody fortune, then you want me to put your junk in my mouth right away. All right, but... Guys call me up and I get pissed. This ball is $9.95 per minute. Get the voice going, though. Yeah, you just sound like you're ragging. Go ahead, we're ready. I'm not ragging. I really am a phone sex operator. All right, we're ready for you. Put on your phone sex voice. Okay. Let's go. Here we go. Hi, Anthony. How are you today? Very good. You're very good? Well, why don't you take your clothes off for me? Opie would look at me funny. I'm sitting here naked. Well, why doesn't Opie leave the room? Or he can take his junk out, too. All right, let's just say I have my clothes off. You have your clothes off for me? Yes. Why don't you sit in front of your computer screen for me? It's right there in front of me. Oh, really? Why don't you play with it for me? You're drunk, that is. Not on the computer screen. All of a sudden I was going to my Internet Explorer web browser. That's a bit confusing, isn't it? All right, here we go. I'm like, putting my hand on my junk. Oh, yeah. Yeah? Like the... You're joking junk for me? Like the water pump scene in the Helen Keller movie. Oh, yeah. I'm going at it. Oh, yeah, baby. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I want to see you shoot a big one for me today. What, a moose? Are you going to do that for me? Oh, I thought we were hunting. No, are you going to shoot one for me today? Yes. Yeah? Yeah. Where do you like to shoot it? Where? Yeah. If I was there with you right now, where would you want to shoot it for me? Put it this way. It would look like you had cataracts. The way you would see out of your eyes. Oh, really? It would look like you need the laser surgery. Yeah. Yeah, that's where it would go. Really? Oh, I like that. Oh, I could end up... Jesus Christ. Yeah. Yeah, that's great. Is this too much for you? No, no, it's just fine. It's just fine? Oh, Kelly, can you work in the balloon knot? The balloon knot. Yeah. Yeah, work in the balloon knot. The balloon knot. Well, you know what? I want you to bend me over. Yeah? Yeah. I want you to put your... You can't use descriptive terms. Yeah, you got to use our code words. Okay. You can say, gone. Okay. All right, so you could be talking about an old Chevy. So you're bent over. I'm bent over. Yeah. Yeah. You got your junk out still? Oh, my junk is out. Yeah, is it nice and hard for me? It's like Prince Samford's house. It's out. It's all over the place. Is it nice and hard for me? Yeah. Yeah? Very difficult. Oh, baby. Oh, why don't you stick it right inside that balloon knot of mine? A nice tight balloon knot. That's just stupid. That's not even sexy. You can't have phone sex and say balloon knot. That does sound wacky, doesn't it? It's just dumb. Look, she's getting all pissed off. All right, let's work the whale's eye into the situation. Whale's eye, okay. Whale's eye, Anthony. It's very wet right now. Is it? Very. Well, it's a whale's eye. It's got to be wet. It's a whale's eye. Exactly. It would die on land. All right, wait. I got... Can we go back to the balloon knot? Go back to the balloon knot. Yeah, instead of saying balloon knot, use the word hoop. Hoop. Fur, hoop. Fur, hoop? Yeah. Why fur? It's not furry. Okay, leather Cheerio. Leather Cheerio? Okay, baby. All right, so now Ann's got his junk. He's got his junk. Okay. He's rubbing it right up against that leather Cheerio of mine. Oh, yeah? Right up against it, baby. You want to put it in there? You want to make me scream? Are you clean? Oh, yeah, baby. Very clean. I hope so. Doesn't look like a chocolate starfish. No, it doesn't. There's no chocolate involved here. Oh, okay. Yeah, really. I don't want to get done and have it look like a flagecoil. No. No, I don't for taking that. That's good. That's a whole different thing that guys call me up for and that's really disgusting. All right, can I, you know, I'm kind of getting into this. Can I add in, like add my own fantasy? You can say whatever you want. All right, Kelly, you're laying down on the bed. I'm laying down on the bed. I got my legs spread out, but can I say that? Oh, that's good. Yeah, you're on your back. Yeah. You're completely naked. Completely. I got my junk out, right? That's right. I'm working my way up towards your head. You know what I mean? Like I'm kneeling on the bed. Right. I'm working my way up right towards your head. And I take a picture. Yeah, baby. Look, she's got to go with it because it's a bump. That. Oh, yeah. Give it to me. Yeah. Yeah. You know, they say that. Dump on my face. They say that. Do you just roll your eyes on the other end of the ground? Totally. I'm like sitting there eating Cheetos and they're talking about taking a dump on my face. Yeah, I want to do that. It's so disgusting. I'm going to put a big Groucho Marx mustache on you. No, these guys call up and they have these fetishes with watching women like take a dump and go to the bathroom. Yeah. Oh, yeah. They must have seen our underground website. Oh, yeah. Oh, they're really sick. Yeah. Yeah. Well, Kelly. Have you ever get into phone sex, Anthony, though? What? Phone sex? Yeah. Oh, that old gag. I tried it once, but the receiver got stuck in my ass. No. No. I'm not into phone sex or computer sex. Goddamn. No computer sex. Hope he used to sit there for hours on the computer, making like he was having sex with these chicks. My name is Janine. I'm 18, year old bi. Yeah, you're talking to Ralph and he's 65. I couldn't, nah, I like phone sex or computer sex. I like the sex sex. Well, I like that too, but sometimes you don't have a toy. All right, Kelly. We're done with you. Well, thank you. A little nod in your whale's eye. Glad I could take a dump on you. Oh, I'm glad too. It was very amusing. Thanks for sharing your hoop with us. Anytime, baby. All right, Kelly. Bye, hon. Bye. There she goes. Phone sex operator with an out of phone sex voice. Hey, Taylor, you're next on the show. What's up? Hey, Opie, you left the cat out of the bag like two weeks ago about Anthony. What do you mean? What did he say? You guys were talking about getting busted with a hooker. Yeah. And you made a comment towards Anthony like, well, Anthony would know about that. Why? What? I never said that. Yeah, it was like two or three weeks ago. You guys were talking about getting busted with like another woman or a hooker. There's no hookers involved. There's no hookers or getting busted or anything. So Anthony, you weren't busted with another chick. No, that isn't what happened. It's not what happened. No. No, it's much better than that. It's much better than that? Anthony got busted with Spaz. We're just... Oh, you're on to us. Are you an ass? We're just waiting for Anthony to decide what he wants to say. Anthony got busted with the rock. I want TSL. This is going to take a while. All right, like a... All right, Prano's in here. Thank you, Taylor. All right, later, Opie. All right, man. I'll remember that. Okay, let's take a break. We'll be back. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. We're back. It's the Opie and Anthony Show. It's FU Friday. Hey, Anthony, controlling the FU today, looks like. What? Me? Oh, yeah. No one's going to top your FU today. Yeah. Tom from Jersey writes, Opie, I got the Lasik surgery on my eyes a while back. When I opened them for the first time, the doc had his bill for the procedure for me to read. That was the scariest part of the operation right there. Everything else went fine. Go for it tomorrow. Thank you, Tom. You are going tomorrow. Yeah, I guess. Oh. Got him. It makes me like blink hard when I think about the procedure. Procedure. It's a slicer. The procedure. Hey, Matt, you're next on the show. What's up? Opie and Anthony, you guys rule, bro. All right. You guys are the best. Yo, I got a good sex story. My friend used to do a lot of phone sex, and he met one of these chicks. Yeah. Ugly. No, no better way to describe it. Not ugly. Bad as can be. Well, that's what a lot of them are. They just have to have a good voice. That's all. You got a better goatee than I did, bro. It's like the Aerosmith video. That's that. And he saw his thoughts with the computer, trying to get on a computer with these chicks. Yeah. They get worse. All right. Worse. Well, thank you, Matt. All right, guys. You guys suck. All right. Another girl wants to try it out here. The helicopter was leaving the, uh, the people. Leaving the, uh, the base. Who's that? This is a blonde girl. A blonde girl? Yeah. All right. What's going on? Okay. Well, I, um, told Beth that I was calling to, uh, have sex with Anthony too. Actually, I read that she said, Opie, but, you know, whatever. Oh, yeah? Why are you like breathing heavy and stuff? Am I? Yeah. I don't know. It must be talking to you. So you want to have like the phone sex? Sure. Have some of the Opie. Are you tired Anthony? Yeah. That last one just exhausted me. I missed the tail end of it getting out of the car, but I guess it did. I took a dump on her face. That's how it ended. Bunch of people on the answer feedback said, you know, I was in the mood for sex tonight. And after hearing that lady, forget about it. That really got me off. Yeah. What can you do for us? Well, you have to fill me in on the code word. I know that you're junk, but you have to fill me in on the code word. All right. Our stuff is our junk. Okay. Right. Back door is the blue. Not balloon. Not you can either. I don't like that term. That's just not going to do it for me. I use poop. Okay. Your poop. Your hoop. And the fronts got to be the Wales. I guess. Now that doesn't do it for me either. Has it wound? Hatchet wound. Yeah, that's a good one. Do we stick to one word? Yeah, you got to talk in the codes or they'll dump out of her show. Right. Right. Your, your, uh, fatch, your patch, your, what do you call them? I always said Wales on. She wants one word. For lack of anything better, we'll go with that. Okay. Okay. And, uh, your boobs are your knobs. Okay. All right. You got them written down? Yeah. Okay. Good job. And action, action. Wow. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. We going with you? Oh, I have to get the visual. Opie. Go with Opie. What's the location? What's the location? Like I'm on my couch. Oh, okay. I'm calling. So you're calling like after the show? Yeah. Or before the show or before the operation? Just whatever. Get, get here. I am waiting for you. Okay. Okay. Hi. How you doing tonight? Good. How are you? Good. Good. Good. So, uh, are you dressed? Yeah, I'm dressed. What are you wearing? Boxer shorts and a t-shirt. Well, aren't you kind of hot wearing those boxer shorts and a t-shirt? Do you do this for a living? Why? Like get into it. Get dirty. Get dirty. I'm a little nervous. I'm a little nervous. All right. Okay. Like pull down my pants. Let's go. All right. All right. All right. What are you, what are you calling the switch's phone service? Come on, get into it. Hurry up. Put your tongue to my well-byed. Hurry. Hurry. Hurry. Why do I have to hurry? Because I can't wait. Turn over. I want to, I want your hoop. That sucks. This is a little joke. All right. Hold on. Hold on a second. Lisa. Hey, Lisa. Hi. Hi. How you doing? Your husband thinks you should do phone sex? Why? No, it's actually my husband's best friend. And... Interesting. It's funny because whenever, when the weather changes, my voice gets deeper. And... Usually he, he's in telecommunications. So usually when he calls me on his cell phone, my husband's best friend, he's looking for my husband. It's like, hi, how you doing? Okay. All right. Bye. Okay. Well, when the weather changes and my voice gets very deep, it's like, hi, how you doing? Oh, wow. It's so nice to talk to you. Because... And you won't hang up. And it's like the longest conversations I've ever had with him. Because he obviously likes guys. Well... With your voice getting deeper and stuff. Yeah. So, he always said that I should do nine, seven, six numbers. We used a lot of money. Are you going to try out and do it here now? For us? I don't know. Give it a try. Okay. I'm... Hi, how you doing? Hi. I'm a, I'm a 35 year old virgin. Oh, you're a virgin? I've never seen a hoop before. Or a well's eye. You've never seen a hoop? No, and I've never gotten a hummer and I've never touched a woman's knobs. Ever. Oh my goodness. What can you do for me? I'm very nervous. You're very nervous about... I have my junk out right now. Well, you should just relax. I'm manipulating my junk and I'm thinking of your hoop. You're thinking of my hoop? Well, have you ever played basketball? You could do a slam dunk. Oh really? In your hoop? Yeah. Can I do that? Oh yes. But don't touch the couch, bud. Oh no, no, no. Is your, is your, is your junk out? Oh yeah. It's out. Mm-hmm. I have trouble with the, you know, your premature, you know, junkulation. So don't get me too hot. Don't get you too hot? Yes. Or my, my couch will look like I dropped a glazed donut on it. Well, I think what you should do is just close your eyes, lean back, and think of my hoop. Well, that is a tough job, huh? It is, it is. Well, you gave it a great shot though, Lisa. Well, thank you very much. All right. Take care, bye-bye. Have a great weekend. This is all a fact. He's all set. Be this close to this. They're being polite. In a second. Awesome. Girls can really do that. Hey Chris, you're next on WNEW. Hey guys, what's up? All right. Hey, hey, you got a bangin' radio chick now? Yeah. All right. You're my hero, man. No. She's got some great pictures on the WNEW website we were checking out today. I can't wait to get home, man. Oh, wow. I think the man's gonna get the voice now, you know, get the ratings up. We gotta get ready, maggot. I can't live without Biggie Moss. I'm outta here. Maybe you can make a trade, man. Make a trade? We'll put them all in a hot pick name. All right, let's take a break.