 The Opie and Anthony Show. Throne men jumping all over each other. Okay, terrific. What the hell's going on? There's a hint. Opie and Anthony. I've realized everyone, this is not a drill. SM Talk. Opie and Anthony. Is this the best way you guys can come up with? 1027. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. The Opie and Anthony Show. What's WoW is about? What's WoW is about? You got the Loov fashion The Loov fashion And let the fun back bounce Fun back bounce See those smog from our sagging From our sagging Let those jugs come out Let those jugs come out WoW WoW WoW WoW WoW WoW Opie, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass. You're obviously a star. The Opie and Anthony Show. It makes me sick. 1027 1027, WNAW, it's Opie and Anthony. Hey. Off to a fine start with the radio show today. Oh my goodness. We are rocking, we are rolling. We got a fine tune over here. Having a lot of fun on this fine WIPMW Wednesday. This is my volume. I saw some trucks on the way in with WoW on the back. Opie. People still participating in the WoW-age. Which we greatly appreciate. Of course. WIPMW Wednesday sweeping the country at this point. Every single radio station in America Doing some form of it now, Ant. Yeah. Everywhere. Vegas, California. But we are the originators. Yes. We discussed that in our article in Raw Magazine. Yeah. I think they did. The January issue. Yes they did. Raw. What's up man? How much? How you doing? Good, why? Oh nothing. I was just a little bummed last night looking for my buddy Adam Ferrara on the night with David Letterman. Yeah. Ah. And once again, Dave drops the ball. And uh, Let me. He goes on too long with his ridiculously stupid bits and stuff. Let me tell you something man. I love Letterman. Grew up watching him. Still love him. Still think he kicks Jay Leno's ass. Yeah. But sometimes man, he's gotta just ha, move on with the show. Yeah. And it's not just because Adam Ferrara was supposed to be on last night and he got bumped, you know, bumped. Because people get bumped on Letterman all the time. But there were other occasions where there was a funny comedian or somebody you really were looking forward to seeing. And he gets bumped because David Letterman has all that psycho battle with uh, Paul Schaeffer that goes on way too long or some stupid uh, on the street bit. Boy, let's get a guy chicken soup for 20 minutes when you could have had Adam Ferrara on doing like 7 or 8 minutes of killer stuff for you. Absolutely. He just goes on and on with the dumbest thing. I mean if it was anybody, if it was anyone like you said that you wanted to see, he could have managed his time a little better with that ridiculous chicken soup bit. We'll go, we'll go to the stage deli and get him some chicken soup. Well it was, it was uh, his bit can we see your photos, which is kind of funny. But obviously it wasn't working. It was pouring rain in the city last night when they were filming Letterman. They go into the, the, the photo shop there. There's no one in the store. The guy behind the counter was boring. So now uh, Dave's gonna attempt to make something happen. He spends 20 minutes going to the stage deli getting the guy chicken soup bringing it back. It was stupid. And there's Adam Ferrara, our pal, your childhood friend. In the green room. Getting all excited for his national debut basically. I know he's done a lot of uh, stuff and he's been all over the place, but this is the big time. Network, television, national. This is huge. Poor Adam sitting in the green room. He's probably sitting there going, you gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. You gotta be kidding me. I'm gonna take a couple pictures of her. She used to be so hot, man. It is just, the ravages that are time. Like she comes out, she's just like, and then she's trying to be all hot, still. And all sexy with date. Like the Golden Girls, there's nothing more disgusting than old women and old men even trying to act sexy. Does anyone find this attractive? When like Lauren McCall is going, oh my lipstick matches your top. Oh my lipstick matches your tie, Dave. And then she's like, not like puckering up her lips and stuff. And she like made some kind of a little sexual advance on Dave at one point on the show. And it was just awful. It was terrible. Yeah, I agree. So, what the hell is Rick doing? It's our megaphone. It's distracting me. It's our megaphone from Hooters. Oh, we got that? Oh look, it's got a little... The megaphone from Hooters. We did a whole radio show with this thing. Keep your mouth like backed way off. Whatever. We are very depressed today. And then stupid Dave is out there on the streets still trying to throw footballs. Then he gives a stupid plug for Adam's gig that's next week at Governor's. And he says, oh, Adam Farrar was supposed to be on, but he just hopped in a cab and drove away. We don't know where he went. That's Dave's little comedy way of trying to get past the point that he ran over with his lame, lame-ass bits. He probably broke Adam's heart yesterday, David. Where is Adam? Yeah, we got to get Adam on the phone. He's probably bombing today. I want to hear from Adam Farrar on what the hell the deal was. What they were telling him, like what happened. It's not like he could come back tonight. He's a busy man. I think he's going back to California. I think he said he's going to London or something. He doesn't have time to wait around for Dave to stop throwing footballs to get him on the damn show. What the hell is he supposed to do? He should call his parents' house. He's probably at his parents' house. Letterman is unwatchable now. Steve, what's up, buddy? What's up, guys? Listen, F. David Letterman, he's the most unfunniest person on TV. I can't believe that they still have him on there. I think O.A. should have their own TV show. As pissed as I am at Dave today, because we really want to see our buddy do well, I still enjoy his show. I'm not going to lie, but I just wish he would move on with some of this stuff. Adam would have gave him seven killer minutes last night. You still think David Letterman is funny? Yeah. Really? This guy is so unfunny. I'm reading the feedback here. It says, I tried to watch your friend Adam last night, Dave's show, but now I can't stay tuned longer than five seconds. It's true. It doesn't work anymore. It's not like the old Dave. Between him and Jay Leno, though, Leno is just cool. I'll tell you who the best is. It's Conan. Conan rocks. Conan is almost what Dave used to be when Dave first started. The last time I remember watching Dave was when I was in college. Alright, see you later. I remember those things like monkey cam and stuff. Dave put the monkey, the camera on top of a monkey's head and let him just run through the studio and he had monkey cam. God damn, that was funny. George, what's up? I was on Letterman one time and I got to stick out for him, man. I'm sticking. How long ago? Last New Year's Eve. Stupid human tricks. I can stick out my gut and I look like a pregnant woman. Then I roll a quarter off. It bounces on a table into a glass. Really? That's pretty good. Where the hell are you? I'd like to see that. I'm in Newark. I'll come down there, man. I'll show you guys. They run around like chickens with their heads cut off throwing a show together every night. You guys know. It's not easy, right? It's not easy to throw a show together every day. But when you've got someone like a good comedian, let me tell you something. It happens on this show all the time. If we have someone standing by like a Stephen Lynch or an Adam Ferrara or a J. Moore, Aunt and I are going to get the hell out of the way for an afternoon. Because we know it's going to help our show. But instead Dave sits there with bits that are just going nowhere when he could have Adam on. Six minutes was all he would have needed. Six lousy minutes. They couldn't have cut up that God forsaken show us your photos bit that went nowhere. Got six minutes out of that talking with that damn Rams quarterback. Who cares? Yeah, exactly. A quick little how you're doing, let's go outside and throw a football into a wood chip is fine. But who cares? All right. We've got to try to locate Adam, get him on the phone, see what happens. He's got to be bumming today. Because the people are also on the instant feedback saying that Adam left. People think that people take that seriously. Adam didn't leave. I'm sure he was in the green room praying for his spot. Praying, hoping and waiting to be called. Dean on a fax here. What happened to Adam last night? I never watched Letterman and I stayed up until the end. Then Dave says that Adam walked out. I'm sure that there's an interesting explanation. The explanation is Dave ran too long with everything else. He does this all the time. We're pointing it out today because we're really kind of bummed that we didn't see Adam. But there's other times where you're looking forward to seeing someone and they never make it on the show. Because you watched 45 minutes of lame-o crap. They didn't even get to Lauren Bacall until after midnight. It's like, oh my God, what does she have to say? Great, she's doing a Broadway show. Oh, boy. Boy, that's really getting Dave's target audience. You know, Dave's going to be on the show and he's going to be on the target audience. You know, he never would have dreamt to have Lauren Bacall on. Lauren Bacall? Who cares? You know, you got to treat her like royalty because she's old. That's the only reason. You can't usher her off after like five minutes. Right. Got to bring up, oh my God, she made movies with Paul Newman. She banged Bogie. And then she's trying to, I think it was either her or it might have been Letterman too, but she's still... People are... Riveting television last night. Well, that's like people that are just saying Lauren Bacall is still beautiful. Yeah. You know, she's... She's old. I guess for an old bag, she looks okay. An old Betty. Like if she wasn't Lauren Bacall and you didn't know Lauren Bacall and she was just walking down the street, you wouldn't even say anything. Right. They showed that picture of her though. Back in the... Whatever. I don't know what the hell that was. But she was pretty hot. Well, we'll try to get Adam on the phone. Yeah, he might have his number in my wallet. We'll try to get him on the phone. We should take a quick break here. Good first hour. We're applauding. Good first hour. We're on our way here. And we'll be back. I'm all for violence sometimes. Anthony. Hey, you guys are a bunch of pushy. God, I want to punch you in the face. Better leave a bruise. One, two, seven. All right, and we got to interrupt this twofer that is in progress here on the Opiate Anthony show. Please, don't use that word, twofer. Jane's Addiction, Jane says one, two, seven, W-A-D-W. On our phone lines, the man of the hour, everyone, Anthony's childhood friend, Adam. Adam Ferrara. Hey, pal. You interrupted a twofer. Sure. We don't bump you for music. See, we thought you were more important than the music. Thank you so much. But we do have to bump you because I think we have to talk to Phyllis Diller in a few minutes here. Yeah. Sorry, Esther Roll went long. Oh, man. Can I start real fast? I just got to tell Adam so he'll feel good. Adam, hundreds, hundreds of emails coming in about you and Letterman last night. A bunch of people pissed saying you know, I haven't watched Letterman in years, but I was going to watch last night just to see Adam Ferrara. Oh, that's sweet. And I look a lot like Warren Bacall. Yeah. Oh, was I pissed. You know, my parents came in right from the island, and I had a great deal because they haven't left the basement now. Oh, no. Your parents are in the audience? Yeah, and I walk out, and the car takes me around, and my father's standing there under the awning, and he goes, you know what? I never liked her or the husband. But it was fun. And then, you know, they're sitting in the audience, and you don't get to come out. Look, look, yeah. It happened, and you know what I pictured? OP's face going, well, I hope you don't get bumped. I'm going, first the green mile. Now my opinion. Well, we all know what Letterman does. That's why I said that when you were in here the other day. Oh, yeah, I know. You had to be sitting back there. Were you in the green room? No, I was in my little dressing room. Oh, little dressing room? There was no jicama on the fruit plate. I walked. Yeah, and you're sitting there watching Dave's Bits at the beginning of the show go to 1205. Right. And you're on your own. It's like Lauren Bacall's coming on. You've got to kiss her wrinkled ass for a good 20 minutes. When they went with the soup, I'm going, just don't forget the napkins. Don't have to go back. When they went for the soup, you must have thought, oh, that's it. Now, like that, you know, can Dave put his ego away for a second? Why? What are you going to do? You're going to put Adam Farrar on the damn show. When you say you are. Adam, we understand politics. You don't have to trash Dave. We will. We love the guy, but we are pissed off today. And then what's that at the end of the show? He goes, oh, he hopped in a cabin left. Yeah, we don't know what happened to him. He was supposed to be on. His attempt at a little humor there at your expense? Mr. Throw the football into the chipper man? You know what I feel like right now? I feel like the little poodle that jumps over the bulldog. Senior pals, aren't we, Spike? You're damn right. We're going to beat somebody up today, right, Spike? You're damn right we are. David Letterman. And what happened at the end? Because then they ran like eight minutes of commercials in a row. They never do that. Oh, because you couldn't take a commercial break during Lauren Bacall's spot. Gee, that whole talk about how she works her ass off on Broadway. Boy, I was captivated. Jesus Christ, I had needles stuck in my head just to keep me awake. The whole damn show. I'm just like, oh, come on. They bring that Oakey from Muskogee quarterback out talking about his whole college career. Who cares? Great, the Rams look great this year. They'll probably go all the way. They haven't. Not yet. And we're sitting there going, man, Adam would give Dave seven killer minutes. How long are you supposed to be out there? Five fun-filled minutes. Five minutes. Dave couldn't tuck aside five minutes. Five minutes. For an up-and-coming comic. You know, when Dave was first starting out, I bet he had to deal with people that were so pompous and couldn't tuck their own ego away for two seconds to let him on. You think he would remember times like that and maybe let Adam on. Adam is biting his lip right now. I'm just sitting here. Your family is there in the audience to watch Lauren Bacall and a quarterback. Your family hasn't crossed the Suffolk border in how long, Adam? Exactly. Last time they came into the city, I think the Dutch owned it. See? Who else? Anybody else in the crowd? Your lovely girlfriend? My girlfriend was there. See? You're hoping to score a few points that way. Look, that's an instant banging. Instant banging! You go home and you go, hey, Latria Letterman tonight. You're banging while you're on the TV. Come on! That's like scratching off the lottery ticket and seeing bang! Right! You got an instant bang, you're laying there in bed, all of a sudden Dave's going, let's get a big hand for Adam Ferrara! And they're clapping and you're in. The legs come apart instantly. Dave took that from you! I'm pissed! I'm pissed! That's funny. We're all disappointed today. We were really looking forward to it, Adam. It reminds me of the time I was a kid and Channel 11 said they were going to show a Godzilla movie and I turned it on and Soul Train was on. I swear to God, I remember that. I was pissed. I think I called them. Don't you hate it like Channel 11 when they had big pics, pics, pics, pics? They never called you after school. You remember the cards I sent in? Remember that? We played video games on WPIX, Channel 11. And it was funny when they called the Spanish because they were little Spanish kids. Because they had to go, speak, speak, speak, speak, speak, and nothing would work. And there was one guy who had a hair lip, I swear to God. He couldn't say a P, he had like a cleft palate. X, X, X, nothing's happening. Hey Adam, are you rescheduled or what? I hope. They said they're going to try and get me in while I'm still in town. I'm supposed to go back to LA in a few weeks. Within the next two weeks. You're in New York for a couple of weeks? I'm in the city this week and I'm in the governor's next week. Alright, they'll try to get you. They're doing what they can. I am so pissed. If I knew I was going to get bumped, I would have stole stuff. Yeah. And then what, were you sitting back there while he says that you'd hopped in a cab and left? Yeah, I was watching myself not arrive. It was like The Beatles, I was watching myself not arrive in the Philippines. You know, just a bunch of people could say, you're here! It gives you a half-ass plug for governors. Did Dave at least stop by before the show and say hey or anything? No, he's very busy. Wait, you didn't even meet Dave? No, he's got his stuff. Oh my God! The guy, he only had three guests, one of which wasn't even on. Slowly I turned. Duke, I'm sure he went in there and lapped Lauren McCall's butt before the show? Lauren, is everything okay? Oh my God! But he couldn't even stop by and shake her up-and-coming comics hand? He's very busy. Who did you see from the show? Who did I see? Everyone was very nice there. Eddie Brill, he does the warm-up for the show. Walked me to my dress room, nicest guy you ever want to be. Very funny guy. Isn't Eddie? He's very funny. Gabe Abelson, a friend of mine, came down and said hello. They treated me great. They treated me like I was a Faberge egg. Treated you like you were supposed to be on the show. Yeah. Then you're here and stay out. You know, that's the problem. And stay out. Adam, the listeners want to know where we can send the sympathy cards to you? Sorry to hear about your loss. Man. I'm pissed. They better reschedule. They had better reschedule. It happens. They're gonna. It happens. It better not happen again. Look at you. I gotta come up them stairs. I will personally go over there and raise some holy hell. For God's sake. We had, but we tuned, we steered people over there. I don't know what I'm trying to say, Adam. We steered viewers over to his show. I hadn't seen it in years. Even Adam stayed up late last night thinking that maybe there was a chance he was still gonna be on. Maybe I'm on this time. Hey, where's everybody going? Oh, you're back here. I gave you the intro music on the pre-interview. What is it? Someone turned the heat up. What was your intro? What was Dave gonna say? I don't know. I don't know. I would think it was just my name, I'm hoping. I thought maybe you'd hand him something that says, ah, you know. Please welcome Adam Ferraro. Custom concept, 741A West Jericho Turnpike. Go Ferraro, Adam's father proprietor. Ah, man. You're a pisser. Go see Rose at the In-Between. Alright. Alright there, pal. Thanks for being there for me, champ. Well, if you're in a couple of weeks, give a call. We'll go out and get a beer or something. I'll be in. I'll come track you, Darren. Tell me the true story of what it's like to be over here. None of this sugar-coated bull crap. You're laying on me so you get another spot. You know, we were gonna reschedule him. Yeah, really? Can you imagine? Alright, pal. I will talk at you later. Well, thanks for staying up late. And please thank everybody who stayed up late and emailed in. And when I'm on, I'll let you know and hopefully we can hold off the next time. Fine, fine. I just don't want to piss off the prisoners. Alright. Thank you, Adam. Adam Farrar, everyone. There he goes. Opie, Anthony. That is a weird, damn good shot. SM Talk. Alright, Anthony Paizano of Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. Ah, yes. You know, I haven't been there in like, uh, probably maybe two weeks. I'm usually there on a weekly basis. I feel, uh, Joey might, uh, give me the service he reserves for you, Opie. I'm usually there on a weekly basis. I feel, uh, Joey might, uh, give me the service he reserves for you, Opie. I feel, uh, Joey might, uh, give me the service he reserves for you, Opie. Which is the bad service because you never show up. And I'm going to make an appearance this week. Are you? Yeah. Alright. I know Joey's sitting there right now going, don't do us a favor or anything, but yes, I want to go there. I love the food, Anthony. Well, Joey, I will be in because I show up at Paizano's probably on a weekly basis. I love their food, love the atmosphere, love being down there. It's good. The wait staff is, uh, very courteous. The prices? Reasonable. Very reasonable. I believe it. You know, you get an authentic Italian cuisine in that nice atmosphere. And, uh, very reasonable. Great place to take your family or a date. I sent my family there. Treated them like kings. They loved it. Like royalty, right? Yeah. Yeah, it's a very cool place. We feel very comfortable there. Very relaxed. And if you ask for Joey, the owner, uh, tell him Opie and Anthony sent you, he will give you a glass of wine on the house. That's pretty cool too, alright? It's Paizano, Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. If you want to get a drink or a drink, call the number, give them a call for reservations, 965-1188. That's 965-1188. 1027-WNEW, it's Opie and Anthony. Quick music break there, Bush, Chemicals between us. And Metallica with one, uh, yeah! Yeah! Well, uh, no one is screening the phones, Ann, cause, uh, I guess Rick and Spaz thought it was more important to get your big box of popcorn from our agent. Well, uh, no one is screening the phones, Ann, cause, uh, I guess Rick and Spaz thought it was more important to get your big box of popcorn from our agent. Well, uh, no one is screening the phones, Ann, cause, uh, I guess Rick and Spaz thought it was more important to get your big box of popcorn from our agent. What? You sent your big box of popcorn. Yeah, I know, but I mean... So now they're signing for that instead of getting the phones all screened for us. It could have just sat there. Not that I care. Let me see, let's wait, let's see. What's more important, screening the calls for the Opie and Anthony show? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? Or getting Anthony's box of popcorn? I mean, we're not getting any popcorns this year. Friggin' gold-encrusted popcorn, it should be. The money we made our agent this year, he should be giving us brand new Mercedes convertibles, Anthony. He should be giving us brand new Mercedes convertibles, Anthony. Really? Oh my God, please. Instead we get a box of popcorn. Maybe that's why, maybe we didn't make him that much money. Maybe that's why, maybe we didn't make him that much money. Now that I think about it, you're right. So, there you go. That's why no calls are getting screened? Well, now they're slowly getting screened. Oh, give me a break. Look at Rick, it's all pissed. We're not full of crap. One, two, three, four. There's five people, five people calling, we don't know what they're talking about. See, Rick can't take it. See, Rick can't take it. Rick is the only one on this show that honestly cannot take it. No, he can't. I can take as much abuse as you want to throw at me, Anthony, Ante-Same, Spaz, we all know about him. You cannot take it. You cannot take anyone criticizing you. You cannot take anyone criticizing you. You know, the phone number is blah blah blah. And he's like, oh, nope, you can't turn the phone. So, wait, wait. Oh my goodness. See, look at him. I saw plenty of empty green lines. You did not. You saw an empty screen. That's not true. Rick, there were calls up on this screen that were blank. Line seven is ringing, line six is ringing, there were all lines ringing, and no one out there. And no one out there. So, Opium Anthony, one of the hottest afternoon drive shows in New York, and you're going to say, well, let's get into this. And you're going to say no one was calling at 3.40 in the afternoon for our radio show. During the Bush song, no one was calling. Then check with engineering and make sure the phone system is in there. The phone's working now. Okay, so no one calls the Opium Anthony show after. No, everybody would be climbing ropes down below. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like the participation from our listeners is not important. See, but now, now you want to talk to me on the air, I can't answer the phone. Go and answer him. And why is Spaz getting a box of popcorn? He's not getting a box of popcorn, he's taking a dump. Oh, well, that's more important. Tell him to come to work and depend. It's more important that he screens the calls and take a crunch. He can't crunch during the show. Everyone knows that. There's no crunching. We can barely squeeze out a leak. I know. I know we're trying to do this radio show. And, Rick's taking everything personally. He really does, like, get really upset. It's funny. It's funny. Andy, what's up? Hey, what's up? See, he continues coming in. No, I can't answer the phones now, they're locked up for some reason. Oh boy. What's up, Andy? Nothing much, I just had to call, you know, I have my neighbor here. See, Rick, wait, wait, Rick says the phones are all locked up, but here's a phone call. I was trying to call earlier, it was just ringing and ringing. Maybe there was a problem with the phone calls. But I was trying to call earlier because you had that Ricky Martin bit going and my neighbor was here and she ran out crying. And I didn't know why she was crying about it. When I went to her apartment to see what she was crying about she was crying because she insisted that Ricky Martin isn't gay. We don't know if he's gay. We honestly don't know. We want to state that. We have no clue. But we made some observations earlier. Yes. But if you guys would have seen it, you guys would have pissed your pants. It was incredible. Well, thank you Andy. Also, I have a question. Now, Spaz is running down the hall freaking. Get Spaz in here. Yeah, go ahead Andy. Yeah, you know that fun dry music site? Foundrymusic.com, yes. Yeah, I've been going there. I've been trying to get some stuff off it for a few days now. I can't seem to get anything. Well, there's something wrong with your system. It's there. It's working just fine. I just need to get some stuff off it. I'm going to go get some stuff off it. I'm going to go get some stuff off it. I just checked out some pictures from Hooters before we went on vacation. Oh really? Yeah. I didn't know there were pictures up there. There are a few of those. And this guy, obviously, this guy, Frank from Manhattan is having no problem. He goes, ONA, I just checked out the pics of Ant in his bitchin' 70s fur coat. Yeah, that's what I want to see, the fur coat. He says, what the hell was your mom thinking? The shot with your sister and older brother is great. My mom dressed you guys like a low-rent DeFranco family. That's true though. I can't wait to see Opie's pumpkin patch pics. You guys are great. You guys have to put that on. We're going to put them on. Andy, I mean, there are so many people hitting that website from time to time. They have some glitches. But try it again. It should be working. You know what's another great picture? Oh, Andy, your time's up. Oh, OK. Take it easy. You guys are great. No, I'm not going to cut you off. What's another great picture? Oh, remember the picture that you guys were saying that it was a prom picture or something in the background that was the couple going at it? Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I think that would be another great picture. Yeah, that's a pretty good one. But you guys are great. All right, man. Here comes the train. I don't want to get hit. All right. Bye. Bye, Andy. Very good. He knows how to play the game. A lot of people think it's cool to be hit by the train. Trust me, you don't want to be known as the guy that was hit by the train on the Opie and Anthony show. So, Spaz, how did the crunch come out? Yeah, what happened there, Spaz? You abandoned your post? You abandoned your post? Look at the phones. Look at them. I had to go to the bathroom. There's no way around it. I'm sorry. I'll never do it again. Don't you know the crunch before the show? Yeah, but Rick... Yeah, but I had a Big Mac and it's surprising. Yeah, but Rick wasn't here during the long song, so I was waiting for him to come back so I wouldn't be leaving a post. At least there would be one person here saying, look, now, Spaz, how many phones were ringing when you left? There was none. That's not true. There were no phones ringing when I left. I made sure that's not true. Ann and I both have a screen. Too many people were enjoying the Metallica tune. That's very true. Rick is right. Listen, this is the deal. We need more bodies working for this radio show. Yeah. What, like crunch? No, we need interns and stuff. People that want to work and they would rather take a dump in their pants than leave their post. Exactly. I very rarely take a dump during the show. We are looking for interns. That's true, right, Rick? Yeah. I can email you. You can email me at oaproducer at yahoo.com. You've got to be in college, though. Yeah, because you're going to get credits for it and stuff. We only want the serious inquiries. Right. All right? If you're like a pothead and you just want to come here for a couple hours in between bonk hits, no thank you. You've got to be in college. That's what it is. I'd still be doing my regular duties, right? Look at Spaz. He's not doing his effective job. I don't think duty is something you've got to worry about. All right? Okay. Look, he's all paranoid. He's doing my regular duties, right? There will be some competition. We bring in some new blood and they start showing O&A some stuff. There might be some problems. Yeah, you're right. I think I do a great job on this show. Oh, here he goes trying to defend himself. All right. Let's go. Here he goes, where he gets pathetic. Hi, who's this? It's Al. Hey, what's up, Al? Man, you guys are getting on Spaz for wearing diapers. You guys are going to change your tampons. You guys have done nothing but bitch and moan and cry the whole time you got on. That's not true. Why? See, Rick did this to us on purpose. You guys are thinking, how is yelling at Baba Bui actually look good? Rick did this on purpose. He goes, oh, go to line 10. So after we abuse him, conveniently the first call is going to abuse us. That's good. Well, think about it. I mean, you guys have done nothing but... Honestly... Open down. Wait, wait, wait. I'll be honest with you. I don't think we've done much bitching at all lately. No, we know we're doing our bitching and moaning shows. All over Rick. We've done... Really nothing. Spaz? Boy, that's a given. It's Spaz. But, I mean, there's no reason for you guys to be getting like all... Who is this? Rick's boyfriend? Who is this, Rick? All right. Okay. All right. Thank you, sir. All right. Who's this? Me. What's your name, man? Bob. Hey, Bob. How you doing? Good. Listen, yesterday you guys were talking about you make so little money. Today you say you're making so much money that you should be getting nice buzz. No, because see, that's why we're not making that much money because our agent is making... What did he say after that? He's trying... Whatever. Was he trying to abuse you or something? Yeah. He's trying to abuse you or something. Yeah. He's trying to use you or something. Yeah. Trying line one. Trying line one. Okay. You're two for two so far, Rick. Hi, who's this? Lance? What's up, Lance? I just wanted to mention, I mean, I'm over... Well, I'm a hustler in Manhattan down in DeVillage. Right. A hustler? You know, like, malprostitution. A big, fag, prostitute. I'm at a John's house right now and I'm listening on the radio to you. Ricky Martin picked up me and a couple of my boys, but he had like an entourage. It wasn't just him personally. We can't confirm this and we're going to get in trouble talking to you. That's not bad. Thank you, Rick. That's good. Like we need another law going on. Rick is trying to bury us now. We can't take calls like that. What are you, nuts? He said he was a gay guy who liked Ricky Martin. So I forgot to put him on. Have you seen all the lawsuits piled up on our desk? You want another one to pile? It's amazing. Plenty of paperwork on our desk. We can't take calls like that. My God. All right. Let's take a quick break. We'll regroup. The phones are really fried. Yeah, they're fried. You guys can still pick them up out there, right? Yeah, but we can't write down. All right. So why don't we make it easy for everyone, OK? We got some WWF tickets, Anthony. Yes. We'll take the 10th and 11th callers at 212-757-1027. Both callers will win a pair of tickets to see the WWF. Did they just turn off the phones? Did they just turn off the phones? They did, didn't they? I think they're rebooting. Did you guys just turn off the phones? That's a freaking phone. What a clusterf. I think they're rebooting. So can we give away the WWF tickets? Give away the tickets. Look how upset he's getting today. You guys are pissing me off. Whatever. Come on, Rick. Trying to help you out. See, look, the phones are back up. It took a second. All right, thank you. Wait, what day is that? Oh, what a mess. This has been a well-oiled machine lately. All right. 10th and 11th callers get a pair of tickets to see the WWF at the Continental Arena January 16th. All right. Can we ship Rick to the IMAH show? He needs a new sports guy. We got Rick here. I think Rick could do sports for IMAH. Rick, you got to wear a big fag cowboy hat. Be on the Don IMAH show. Here, take that. My god. It's like college radio in here today. That's all right. We'll regroup. We'll be back. Opie and Anthony. Can we get these illiterates off the air? Please, suck. If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen. 1027. All right, it's 1027, WWF and WWF. It's the Opie and Anthony show. Major clusterf today. Look at the phones. It's just ridiculous. Are we having a Y2K problem here at NEW? What does the date say? Well, no, 1-5-2000. Yeah? Yeah. It's funny. In the studio, we got a screen that shows all the phone lines and what people want to talk about. And it is just going crazy. It's a mess. It's a mess is right. I'm seeing programs come up here. For a second, I was playing Pong on this same screen. We get phone calls on. So I don't even know if we can go to the phones. Wow. And I do have a question today. What? Well, give me my penthouse. And this is a serious question. I got the latest issue of Penthouse. I'm sure it's serious if it's Penthouse. It's about time that the fine people at Penthouse send copies of the magazine to us every week or every month. What? How many did you send? One? You didn't get yours? No. Oh, that's right. You get the blue boy. That's right, old B. Blue boy, that's right. The stuff with the men in it. Can we see your stuff? All right. Easy. All right. Spaz and Rick are running all over the place outside the door. Yeah. So I don't know if we're going to have phones. Well, now they're trying to type. Phil? Oh, look. Oh, no. Phil hung up. I think it's working now. OK. I don't know. All right, Ant. What's your question? Well, I got to phrase this carefully. In the February 2000 issue of Penthouse, there's the typical urination pictures and all that. A lot of those. That's very popular little ditty in Penthouse the past couple of years. I don't... It does nothing for me, those photos. OK? The take-a-whiz pics? No. Does it do anything for you? It does nothing more than just seeing the chick naked who's doing it. It kind of takes away from her nudity, to tell you the truth. But as far as being erotic and all that, I don't see anything in the way of that. I'm not into that, really, taking a leaky step. I do have a serious question. And mind you, I'm not going to commit to either way on this one. I am really... Well, that's a very safe bet on myself. Yes. All right. Because I'm really confused, OK? This is the 2000 issue of Penthouse, starting on page 31. You're confused? You're supposed to like the way the girls look. Well, that's what I'm getting at. OK? All right, let me just spit it out. Is strap-on lesbo sex cool to look at? Lesbo strap-on sex. Is it cool to look at? Strap-on lesbo sex. Is it cool? On the next Jerry Springer. Let me think. Is there a picture of it in there? Yeah, there's plenty of pictures. All right, well, obviously I have to thumb through some of the pics. All right, because look, like the first picture... Here, I'll go through it. I hate when they try to be artsy-fartsy and do it in black and white, with a high contrast. First picture, there's the two hot lesbians, ready to go, fully dressed, OK? All right. They're cheek to cheek, they're pushing their boobs against each other. Looks like they're going to be bumping donuts in a minute or two. Going at it. All right. Absolutely. Now the one girl, the blonde, with the huge cans, is now topless, and the other girl's behind her. And it looks like they want to ride a jet ski together, Anthony. Yeah. Reference to yesterday's show. Yes. And that's pretty hot, right? Now there they are on the bed. OK. And now there she's doing her thing there. Right, a little aural buff. That's all you have to say. OK. There you go. The how-ya-doing shot. Hey, look at that. OK. And that's where I go, OK, am I supposed to get into that? The next picture. Right. Now one of the girls all of a sudden has a... She's giving a hummer. Yeah. To the other girl that has the apparatus on, wearing the apparatus. Now Anthony, the question I have today... Give me that. Give me that. Is strap-on lesbo sex cool? Because then the pictures get very explicit from that point on. Wow. Yeah, look at that. I'm going to punch myself in the mouth with this mic. Hold on. Hold. Wait a minute. All right. I guess you haven't committed to anything, I hope, mate? No, honestly, I'm definitely confused because I don't know what to think. All right. I guess I'll take the plunge and go on record. OK. Goddamn, that's hot. It's hot. Come on, look. I see... Yes, I see the photos. Look at this. She's got her legs wrapped around the other girl. That's not the problem I have, though. What's the problem? Now, are you being turned on by that part of the act? Like that? Well, that it's a chick. I know. They're both a girl. But it's fine. OK, it's a chick, though, that has the apparatus. The apparatus on. What if it was like a transsexual? That's completely different. I'm just putting it all on the table here for the discussion. I'm not saying either way here. I'm saying you know it's two girls. You see it. You see that it's an apparatus and not part of the anatomy. But that's a guy thing. But it's a sex toy. No, it's more than a sex toy because it's not just like a vibrator. That is a guy's thing. You know what I mean? It's shaped as a guy's thing. Yeah, but it's strapped onto a woman who's using it like that. All right, so you're going to commit... On another woman, not even using it. If she was using it on a guy, that would be rude. And you'd go, oh, that's disgusting. Right. It's a girl on a girl using the strap-on apparatus. Yes, absolutely interesting, hot to look at pictures. All right, so strap-on lesbos sex. Anthony, yes. I'm going to say yes. All right. Now, the phones are going nuts because we yelled and screamed at Spaz and Rick so long we have to take another quick break. But we will go right to the phones and discuss strap-on lesbos sex real fast. Look at that. Before they throw us off the air, we'll do a couple minutes on it, okay? That's balloon knot territory right there. Yeah, I see that. Whoa. All right. We'll be back. If you're on the phones, on hold, stay right there. The Opie and Anthony Show. I have no clue what anybody's saying, but it's the funniest damn show. More stupidity on the way. 1027. Anthony, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burger. Yes, our good friends at Stacker 2. Let's welcome them back to the Opie and Anthony Show, Anthony. For the new millennium. For the new millennium is right. Stacker 2 has been here since the beginning on the Opie and Anthony Show, and we appreciate that. Lots of our listeners have lost a lot of weight. With Stacker 2. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burger. It burns the fat. It crushes the cravings in between meals. One more. And it gives you the boost of energy that you need when you're lacking late in the day like we are. If you want to check it out for yourself, it's Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burger. They have a website. Everyone has a website these days. www.stacker2.com. What do you think is on the Stacker 2 website, Ant? Chicks. There are chicks on the site. Are there? I went there. I lost weight using Stacker. Okay. Yeah, and like bikinis and stuff. Alright, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burger. Give them a call. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burger. Hey, it's Opie and Anthony. This is 1027WNEW. Can I clear something up? Why? A bunch of people on the instant feedback calling me a fag and a homophobe and stuff. I didn't state either way on the strap-on lesbos sex thing. I was just throwing out a question there. Absolutely. I didn't say it was not a turn-on. I didn't say it was a turn-on. I was asking the question because I think it's something that other people would wonder about. I say looking at the pictures, lesbian strap-on dildo sex, no guy involved. No guy involved. One girl, one wearing a strap-on and then doing the other one. Strap-on lesbos sex. Isn't it cool? Hot. I say hot. The only question I got is you look at the one girl and you get a little paranoid like it might be one of those, you know, the he-shees. But it's not. I understand that. And you know it's not. So there's not a problem. Okay. And I'm still not saying either way. I'll be honest. It seems like it's definitely a turn-on looking at those pictures. But there's some issues there. See, like Rick is like, you're totally not into it, right? Oh, it's okay when it's a chocolate penis to eat it, Rick. Remember that? Well, I don't remember seeing that happen. But you know, if you've got pictures, let me know. You know, you look at that. I love it, boy. So, Rick. I just don't like it because it's still, it's a strap-on dildo. And what do they look like? They look like a penis. Right. I'm like, it's just a tool that the girl is using on another girl. It's rubber. It doesn't matter. I'm not buying it. It still looks like a penis. Hey. Shut up. You live with a gay guy. Yeah, exactly, Como. Gay. I'm a very gay gay. Psycho Mark with a very intelligent rebuttal to that whole thing. Hey. Let's go have another beer and a bong hit. Wow. You going to start with me now? Yeah. What did I do to you? You're abusing us. It sure is tense in here. What's wrong with two chicks with a... I didn't say there's anything wrong with it. I'm just, I'm asking the question today. You sound like a homophobe. I lean toward it's hot, yes. But there's definitely like, you know, like... What? You got to give a yes and no answer. Anthony answered that. All right, fine. If I had to, okay, fine. If I had to, I would say yes. Bag. Yeah. I say it's pretty hot, okay? I think it looks hot. It's got nothing to do with the actual strap-on utensil. Brian. Hey, how's it going, guys? All right, what's up? Just the whole thing with the lesbo strap-on, it just doesn't work. Like, the whole point of seeing two lesbians going at it is you don't have to look at some big creepy Italian guy shween for five minutes. Right. But you're, but you're not. But it's just... Did he say what I thought he said? Yeah, I had to dump out of there. I didn't think that. No, it's... So you say it's definitely not cool. No, definitely not. Okay. Like, when you're looking at two chicks, you want to see some moth diving, not a big queen. But once it's in use, you're not seeing it or what it looks like, then, you know, you're just seeing gyration and grinding. Sometimes if they get like that dog shot, you know, it's got the girl behind, it's just like, wait a second, you're not supposed to be doing that. Yeah, but it looks kind of cool. Why does it look cool? It's a girl with a shween. That's why I brought it up. It's not the girl with the shween. Whoa! It's the girl with the big black plastic shawl. No, no, no. You've got to understand what I'm trying to say here. It doesn't, it's not that it's a shween. Right. It is a utensil. There could be a small model of a Buick LeSaber hanging from the damn thing. You know? It doesn't have to look like a shween. It could just be a vibrator looking thing. It could be whatever. But the way she's using it in these pictures, it looks hot. What am I supposed to say? No? Ew, look, there's a little rubber thing she's using to pleasure the other girl. Ew, that's disgusting. Well, you can't downplay it. I mean, it's definitely a... Shween. It's a little outstrap on whatever. Thank you, Brian. Sure, guys. Bye. Donnie, you're next. What's up? Homo. Homo. All right, now you have to explain yourself. Yeah, explain yourself. This is Pyro. Look, who wants to see a chick with a stick? If I want to see two babes, I want to see some muff diving, I want to see some tongue, I want to see some nips. I don't want to see a chick with a stick. All right. Hey, don't cut it. That's why I brought it up. I wasn't... All right, now... Homo, homo, homo. All right, thank you, Don. Later, dude. Bye. Anthony, you phallic lover. Maybe the next penthouse will have a picture of Ricky Martin and you on a jet ski. Danny, you're next. What's up? Hey, what's up, guys? How you doing? Good. Yo, I think that's definitely cool. If two girls are willing to do something like that, why not, you know? Okay. If they're doing it in front of you, you know, you got to... you wouldn't turn that down, seeing that, right? I would definitely check it out either way. Yeah, so no doubt. If they're willing to do that, I think those are two girls that any guy would want to hang out with. All right, man. Thank you, Danny. All right. What's going on with the WWF tickets? Anything? Anybody win yet? Yeah, we gave those away. Oh, really? There's nothing left? We'll have some more tomorrow. All right, cool. All right, man. All right, take care. All right. Mike, you're next. What's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? Happy New Year. You too. Happy New Year. It's definitely cool. I mean, as long as there's no equipment that's permanently attached. Yeah, then what is it? It's all good. Okay. An adamant object. I don't know, because... No, you can't say that now. Wait, no, I'm definitely on the side of... I'm trying to play both sides here. You can't. Okay, I understand that, but... You can't go both ways, huh? No, I... Well, some people do. So do all these guys disagree with the double-headed apparatus as well? See, I guess why I asked the question, because they're obviously trying to make it look like a transsexual, a hee shee. What? No, they're not. Is that what you're getting from these pictures? Are you insane? We have videos. Go get the video from our office. Dude, they're not trying... Where some of those girls with the schlongs, if you didn't see the bottom half of them, you would be convinced they were ladies. If they were trying to make this look like a hee shee, they would not have the black strap-on strap-leather thing belted around her. Well, they would try to put the device on using some kind of thing where it looked like it wasn't a strap-on. Well, they'd just go get a real transaction. This is just a hot girl. Look at her, she's hot. They're both really hot. And she's wearing a leather strap-on apparatus, black, but the actual unit thing is white, I guess. Right. So I don't think they're trying to... Well, that's what I'm just playing the other side with that. I don't know what they're going for there. I don't know. You know? All right, guys. Thank you, man. Can I just say one more thing? Yeah. I've been listening to you guys since the very beginning that you're here in New York. You guys are great. I've tried to call a couple of times. This is the first time I ever got through it. I'm convinced because Rick answered the phone and not spazzed the magic retard. All right, thanks, man. Thanks, guys. Bye. All right, Benny, you're next. A stupid topic we understand, but we'll move on soon. What's up, Benny? Hey, what's going on? All right. You can go both ways because I don't want to see pictures of it, but to see that live is great. Why? See, I've never seen that live. You've got to go to the basketball party. Yeah, we've seen the egg shooting and things like that. You saw it live. Yeah. Why haven't you? You saw it live, dude. Yeah. Remember here? Oh, I forgot about that. Yeah. We can't discuss that, though. Yeah. Because the people at home will get in trouble. I don't like when they use the florets. Holy cow, wait. Now I've got to say, this is really cool. I forgot all about that. Yeah, remember? We did see this live. And it was hot. Yeah. Yeah. It was great. But it was not. I don't know much. Okay, thank you, man. Talking about the pictures. Yeah, because the pictures are also in black and white. Yeah. I don't know. Whatever. I don't know. I don't think they're trying to make it look like anything more than two girls, one with a strap on. No, okay. You know what? We're not trying to pull the wool over any of our eyes. No, I was just bringing all angles up here, but I've got to say, I forgot all about that. It's like over a year ago. We did see this whole thing live in the studio, and there was nothing homophobic about it. It was unbelievable. I forgot all about that. End of discussion. Just going at it. Bang. End of discussion. Right? Yeah. Oh my God. How could I forget that one? Russ, what's up? Hey. Hey. I was just going to make that comment. You couldn't tell me that if those two chicks entered that studio now and did in front of you what they're doing on those pictures, that you or anybody else would run out of the room screaming, I'm not going to be home alone. No, it's not even that. I just wanted to ask you how hot is it to see that? Are you kidding me? Incredibly hot. Save me the French seat. You're not going to get an argument from me anymore. I forgot about what we saw over a year ago. Oh my God. All right, Russ. Thank you. Good night. Bye. The thing is that last year there were other things that finally led up to that. It wasn't just that. Rick, you're not on our side at this point. You remember what we saw. I remember what I saw, but I remember everything that also led up to it, which was like, all right, that's cool. Just take the last five minutes we saw. If it was just the last five minutes, I'd be like, all right, I'll watch. Oh man. I don't know. Dutch. Hey, what's going on, guys? How are you? Listen, is it the act or what? I like to think most of us do. What's the deal? Every other scene in Heterosexual Point is like the guy stuff like plowing the girl. Does that make me an homo if I'm watching Heterosexual Point? No, but I just don't get into the Bob shot and all that crap in the regular porno anyway. I know. Every time they show up for like 20 minutes, it's like, okay, I already showed a girl's face or something. Right. It gets pretty big. Hey guys, have a good New Year. All right, man. Someone's saying you wouldn't mind it so much, Opie, if it was two pregnant grandmas pounding in. I'd watch that. I'd watch that. Free show. Robert, what's up? I used to go out with a girl and she used to show me the face she had. She used to have sex with other girls. Now, the girl I went out with wasn't really that hot, but like some of the girls she did, and I wasn't like too into it at first. But when I saw her, I was just like, holy cow. It's like if you watch a regular porno, like a regular guy and girl, it's just that it's just two girls. If anyone doesn't think that that's a turn on, then definitely they're a fact. All right, thank you, Robert. You're welcome. Bye. Artie, what's going on? Hey, what's up? All right. I tell you what, I agree with Opie. Lesbian or no lesbian, they all yearn for the pipe. That's just the way it is. You know what I mean? Good way to look at it. Personally, I can't stand it. I think it's a slap in our face. Really? But if pipe is to be laid, I'll lay it. All right, man. Thank you, Artie. You guys rule. All right, bye. It's a personal insult, I guess. Well, you can look for yourself. Yeah, February issue of Penthouse, it's there. Looks hot. All right, we got to talk to this girl. Jill. Hi. Hi. How are you doing? You sound all worked up. Am I? Yeah. I just walked in the door from work, that's why. You've been listening to this discussion? Yes, I have. I see what you want to say, so you've got to kind of be careful how you say it, okay? How do you mean? Well, don't be too descriptive. Okay. All right? All right. Go ahead. Let's see, how can I say this? I think the turn-on is both in the lesbian action and also in the penetration part, and I think putting the two together is what makes it that much better. Yeah. You ever do it? No. Are you a lesbian? No, I'm not. But you would check out the pictures in Penthouse, let's say, and you'd be pretty turned on, or what? I'm a big fan of pornos. Uh-huh. I like to watch them, but I like watching lesbian pornos also, but I've never actually had a lesbian experience, even though I'm kind of intrigued. Well, you could be a lesbian for a day right here on the Opie and Anthony show. Could I really? Yeah, we do it all the time. We haven't done one in the new year yet. And the next one I think we're doing is a limo ride around Manhattan. Oh my God, how can I turn that down? Are you hot? I don't know. All right, describe yourself a little bit. Oh boy. Five-eight, reddish-brown hair, brown eyes. What else would you like to know? Measurements. Well, we got your head. Head is okay. Your head passes, okay. How about your neck? My neck? I'm not sure, I never really measured my neck. Okay, a little lower then? I can tell you my brows are, I might scare you guys a little bit. Why? Why? 38 double D. 38 double D. On a five-eight girl, that's pretty hot. Getting raves. That's very hot. Getting raves here in the studio. Okay. I go down now a little lower. Waist? Waist? I don't really know, but I would say 32, 34, something like that. Okay. Those are some burpee mix-ups. And then what's your hips? 34, 36, something like that. Wait a minute, the waist and the hips ain't much of a difference, huh? So you're shaped like a rectangle. Yeah. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, it's kind of like a... Well, did you hear? I told you I never really measured. I'm giving a guess, boys, guys. How much do you weigh? Yeah, how much do you weigh? Five-eight, how many pounds? 150. Five-eight, 150. It's five-eight and a half. Yeah, buck and a half. Buck and a half. Five-eight. Let me think. I'm a big girl. You're a big girl. I told you. I'm just barely 5'9". And how much do you weigh? 165. Okay. I'm trying to figure this out. There's a lot of weight in the boobs, I'm imagining. Yeah. You got a big ass? Not really. No? It's not little, but it's not big. All right. What are you, just a big girl? I'm 5'8", guys. 5'8". Yeah. Susie. Susie. Hello? You're on the air with Jill. What's up? Hi, Jill. Hi, Susie. How are you? Good. How are you? I'm good. I wanted to come down and put on a strap-on in the studio. Hey, Jill, you want to come down and get a strap-on from Susie? I don't know if I'm up for that, boys. I just had a long day at work. You're just out for a little fondling and stuff. If it's your first lesbian experience, you don't want to go all the ways. Well, it's up to you guys. Susie. My turn for lesbian on the deck. Susie, you want to be a lesbian for a day too? Yeah, it's my turn. But you want to do the strap-on thing? Definitely. This might have to be one of those off-the-air bits that we put on the internet. See, my thing is that I'm graduating from college in May. I'm figuring all my current-life stuff has to get out before then. So I got about five months left. All right, well, Susie, what do you look like? You've actually met me before. I came down for the Resisting Arrest Show and I was the third girl that didn't get paired up. Do you remember? From Long Island. Right. I remember you. That's right. Hope you will remember. Hello? Hello? I'm still here. Okay, did I lose them? I don't know. Yeah, Susie. What's your name? Susie, I remember you. You do? Of course, yes. Great. Well, you guys owe me one. You have a nice... Yeah, you liked it. Body. What? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. So, let's set that up. It's gonna make you puke. All right, Susie, hold on the line and Jill, hold on the line, okay? Okay. Jill, thanks for calling in. No problem, guys. Take care. We'll get you in for Lesbian for a Day, a little tamer. All right, then. And Susie wants to go all the way with a strap on. All right, we'll put you both on hold. Hold on, all right? Okay. All right. There you go. All right, Jill and Susie. Oh my God. I'm crying out there, man. Ah, holy smoke. Hey, Joni. Hey. What's going on? Oh, I'm staring at all these girls on the radio and thinking about how I'd like to come down and be a lesbian for a day. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah? You've been thinking about it for a while? Have you heard any of our Lesbian for a Day shows yet? Well, no. My boyfriend got me into the show and he told me about it. That's pretty hot. Yeah, that's what I heard. And we gave you guys the opportunity to be a lesbian for a day. A lot of you girls out there, you know, wondering what it's like. We have a lesbian couch. You come in here with a complete stranger and you pick one out you like and then we see if there's any type of chemistry. Really? Well, that sounds like fun. You've never kissed a girl before? I've kissed a girl before, but you know, like, it has really gone too far, though. You want to get a little further into it? Yeah, yeah. And I think it would be fun to like do it in front of all you guys and stuff like that. Oh, man, the guys love it. We hoot and holler. Little encouragement never hurt. Yeah? Nah. All right. Are you hot? Yeah. I think I am. I don't know. Okay. Well, hold on a minute. Rick's going to talk to you. Okay. We'll try to get Lesbian for a Day going later on this week, Anthony. Yes, absolutely. Rick's talking to Suzy right now. Do you remember Suzy? Yeah. Hi there. I just want to call and find out like who the new players are in management so I can make arrangements to wash their feet. Because the direction that the show has gone in since you guys have changed hands and cleaned up shop over there has just been a beautiful thing. Yeah. Well, we definitely feel a little better about things. I can hear it, man, and I think everybody else probably can't hear it either. Yeah, we do. We feel more comfortable here every day in the studio doing our show instead of trying to fit into some mold. We've won some battles lately with upper management. We're very happy with how things are going thus far. Rock and roll. So you got a couple of cans of beer on the console and somebody's head bumping underneath, right? There you go. Rock and roll. Have a good day, guys. So you can thank what? Ken Stevens? The new boss? Yeah. And Jeremy helping us out with the new boss? Absolutely. And we'll see what happens. Rock and roll, man. You guys suck. Thanks. Trust me, it's a matter of time before we hate them too. And likewise, before they hate us. All right, Andy. Thank you. Bye. Wow, liking the show lately, Anthony. Yeah. All right, as we go to break, we're real late here. You're a pisser, man. What? That was you. That was you. Suzie's a lovely girl. All right, as we go to break here, a lot of requests for Burger, the terrorist comic. Yes. Turns out one of the hijackers over there in India was cracking jokes. Cracking jokes in between killing people. Killing people while they're puking and stuff on that plane for six or seven days. Yeah. So here it is from the other day. Did you read that story? Yeah, that's what I... About the one hijacker named Burger. Burger. And he was like a real nice guy. He'd be all fun. Wait. Was he joking with the hostages? Was he Indian? I think so. What a cool joke that is. My name is Burger. But seriously, folks. Try the meal. We'll all be here all week. So Burger, one of the hostages, right? He was one of the hijackers. Take my camera, please. He was one of the hijackers. And he was like the hostages were describing him as this really nice guy who would joke. He was telling jokes. Did you hear about the man in the helicopter? This is one of his jokes. The man in the helicopter who asked, turn the big fan off. I'm getting cold. Everyone knows that's a Polish joke. But yeah, I guess he didn't want to offend anybody. He's got a gun to people's heads. But they said, yeah, he would joke around like that. And then the next second, if negotiations broke down, he'd say, well, I'm going to kill all of you. And the people freaked out. They didn't know what to think of this guy. And at one point, they took a bunch of hostages up front and slit some guy's throat. Killed him. And they threw him off the plane. So they met business. But then some of them were like, oh, he was the nicest guy. He'd come by and pass out food. He was like good cop, bad cop, all wrapped up in one. The puke plane. That must have been something when all of a sudden the engines just went... And the fan stopped blowing. I was reading all that coverage. I mean, I've been on a runway for like two hours and I thought I was going to die. You know what I mean? I mean, you're just trapped in a plane and there's babies crying and there's a big, fat, sweaty guy sitting next to you. You know the deal. People are puking. And then the body odor, they said, was just unbearable. And that's why everyone was puking on top of that. Like you said, when you're stuck on the runway for a little while. You know, in a little while being up to an hour and you're just so agitated and you just want off and it stinks. Next time that happens, I'm going to think about this damn last situation. You could be with Burger. You know, I got to tell you, fuck. Does it stink in here or what? Come on, lady, smile. Wipe the puke off your face. Did it stink like this before everyone started to puke? I've been in some of your houses. What's grosser than gross? This plane. What are you, kidding? You're always... Opium Anthony. Cuddling this and psychiatry brought us to this. On FM Talk at 1027. The talk you can't ignore. 1027, WNAW, it's Opium Anthony. Opium Anthony. I guess we should admit it finally. We're just kind of goofing off today. Yeah, why not? Having fun though. Hope you're enjoying the festivities. We got to clear something up for all those knuckleheads on the New York Radio Message Board. We talk about the New York Radio Message Board from time to time, right Anthony? Far too much, I think, but why not? They talk about us a lot. It's basically this website where all these radio freaks discuss the most stupidest things about New York Radio. Yeah, like with everything going on in New York Radio or everything you think would be going on in the number one radio market. They discuss like the lamest crap. Whatever happened to, and then they throw out like call letters of a station I never heard of in my life. WNBC jingles from 1985, where can I find them? What? So they're having a really big, huge discussion today on the New York Radio Message Board. These people have to get lives. They have to get lives. They're discussing... ...NEW once again. See the other day, Anthony and I went on the radio and we said, you know what? We're sick of FM Talk in 1027. It does make sense. It's stupid. It doesn't roll off the tongue. It doesn't roll off the tongue. It means nothing. So Anthony and I took it upon ourselves to, you know, just dump FM Talk in 1027. Get rid of it. Let's put 1027 WNEW. I don't care what is going on at this radio station, but I don't care what is going on at this radio station. But at 1027, it's going to always be WNEW in the minds of true New Yorkers. Right. Famous call letters. The most famous call letters in America, I must say. At least FM call letters. So honestly, this is how it started. The other day we just said, you know what? FM Talk in 1027 is just plain stupid. And then I said, you know, from now on, on our radio show, we are not going to say FM Talk in 1027 anymore. We are going to start saying 1027 WNEW. Absolutely. Because that's what this place is. Simple as that. All right? And I applaud the radio chick. She took our lead and she decided the same thing. Yes. Bravo. And that's the only other radio show I listen to here, so I don't know what else is going on. But I know Leslie is doing it. Okay. So now they are discussing today how schizophrenic we are because like some of the jocks are saying 1027 WNEW, and then there's, but they are still playing sweepers that say FM Talk in 1027. What's going on over there? This is what they are discussing. It's okay. It's okay. It's a little transition phase. You dopes. It's a transitional period. Of course. Thank you, Anthony. We have so many production elements that are called, hundreds of them, that just because the other day Aunt and I said, you know, we don't want to be called FM Talk in 1027, you know, it's going to take everyone at least a week, I would say, to get rid of all the old production elements, to get on the WNEW website and get rid of all the FM Talk in 1027 logos. And that is what is going on here. End of discussion. You know, the... Read one of the things they read about, they post about this. Under the title of Identity Crisis at 1027. This guy, this guy, Charles, must have spent, oh my God, an hour composing this. Oh my God. It started last week. Uh, the NEW turning into FM Talk. The rock of the Millennium Special. Were we having a rock of the Millennium Special? We had a rock of Millennium Special because we don't have enough talk show hosts yet. So what else are we going to do? Hire a jock to take a crunch on the air? Play some music, that's all that was about. Monday. There's nothing. Opie and Anthony said the station would be NEW. Do away with FM Talk. On Tuesday the radio chick also ID'd the station as NEW. Okay. Meanwhile there are still bumpers, spots and promos that say FM Talk. Why can't they take care of this old, the old fashioned way and have the voiceover for the spots they do go over the FM Talk with 1027 WNEW? This guy Charles is just upset at the whole thing. He's freaking out and then he goes on with another 15 paragraphs about how he can make the world a better place. By making NEW back the way it was. Are you done with that post? Because I found a good one. Yeah. Chris writes, the question here is how bad does NEW want to go back to the rock format? Getting back Matt Devotee, Ralph, Carol Miller and keeping ONA right where they are. Going back to the old station tag is the first step. Let's hope for a return to the rock of New York. Well, let's announce it, Opie. Opie and I are going to mornings here at NEW and we're going back to Classic Rock and afternoons is being taken over again by Scott Muny. Thank you, thank you, I'm back. Oh God. No, we're not going back to the rock of New York. What a bunch of dopes. Well, Opie, can you answer this question? Sure. The guy, Alan, that runs the radio message board. The New York radio message board. Okay. What is his occupation? I can have a multiple choice. Okay. Is he a radio disc jockey? Okay. Is he a radio program director? Okay. Is he a radio salesperson? Okay. Or is he a dentist? D, dentist? Yes. The man that runs the radio message board in New York is indeed a dentist. Rinse. Let me, oh, hold on, hold on, that novocaine might take a little longer to take effect. Let me write another post here. All right. Y, O, and A are bad for NEW. That'll hurt for a little bit. Don't worry. Write you a prescription. And the crap they say about us on there is hilarious. Hysterical. It's hilarious. We go home, we read every post about us, and we laugh our balls off. Every single post. And I swear to God, some of the strings of posts go on for like 50 or 100 posts. And we read every single one and giggle our asses off. You guys are hysterical. I don't know. They're made up of, I think, of people. Some of the people, very intelligent, very with it, know what's going on in radio. A lot of the people that I'm noticing probably got into broadcasting maybe in the 40s as a radio operator for the allied troops. And then got the job, radio, here in the States, and are very bitter that their whole career in broadcasting has come down to listening to us and critiquing us on a radio message for it. Right. And they don't like what we're doing because we're not traditional broadcasters. That's right. That come into work with the suit and tie. They had posts about us like, you know, farting and burping and coughing live on the air. That's not professional radio. I'm sure every one of them have a picture, a black and white picture of themselves with the microphone, with the call letters. They're in the suit and tie with the headphones on. Edward R. Murrow. Matt Devotee picking out some great clients to grock for a show after us. They want your back, man. Spinning some tunes from the giant wall OCDs. What do you say for old time's sake we play Hotel California one more time? Come on. Come on, everyone. You with me? Oh my God, the board would come alive. They've done it. See? This proves they're going back to the Rock of New York. Oh my God. Bunch of retards. The Internet is just old school. Oh my God. Bunch of retards. The Internet has just opened up a whole can of worms. Everyone has a forum now. The radio message board guy is a dentist. Everyone has a forum. It could be like the brain surgery page and it could be hosted by a car mechanic. It doesn't matter. There's no accountability on any websites or Internet things or postings. There's zero accountability. You don't need your name. You don't need anything. That's why there's rumors that get started about people. That's why rumors make it to the newspapers about us and things that we're doing. We're going to mornings, Ope. Do you know how many times I have to read that Opey and Anthony will be going to mornings? Alan, the radio message board dentist, who's also Gene Dixon because he does make those predictions, Anthony, all the time. He predicted. One of his biggest predictions for 2000 is Opey and Anthony will be doing mornings. Will be doing mornings. And let me tell you why he says. Because if they want him to do mornings, they will do mornings. They have no choice in the matter. Do you think Opey and Anthony wield enough power that they could say no to their bosses if their bosses say you're doing mornings? Hey, Alan. We could quit. We could just leave. We were hired for afternoons. We enjoy it here. And if we were offered mornings and if we didn't want to do it, we're not going to do it. They're not going to force us to do something we don't want to do. Right. Let's say you had to fill a tooth, Alan, right? There's a little cavity in one of the bicuspids, okay? And someone just comes over and tells you, do a root canal or just pull the tooth. You would say no. You would say no. I'm a dentist. I know what I'm doing. I'm just going to fill it. You know, you don't have to yank the tooth out. We're not doing mornings. We're not stopping. We're not stupid. There's no competition afternoons. We know that. We know that. Jesus Christ. Even a paraplegic could win a marathon if no one else is running. We're not stupid. We're not stupid is right. What have we got? Bob Grant? You know, Mike and the Mad Dog? Right. Come on. There's nothing going on afternoons. We're comfy here. Mike and the Mad Dog discussing the jet situation for 40 straight hours. Let's say that Tony was on Mars. Alright? Let's say there was a football team on Mars. I can tell you this. They have to just find their stories over there now. We're not doing mornings. We're staying right here. The Rock and Roll Dentist is wrong on this production. The Radio Dentist. Call him the Rock and Roll Dentist. I wonder if he's like a program director at his office. And like he programs the music that you hear. Alright, I'm going to need some Bach. And then later on in the afternoon I think we might go to something heavier like some Beethoven. For some of the younger patients that might come in. Oh, too funny. Hey Rich, what's going on? Hey guys, I got a question for you. I do a lot of posting on different boards on the internet. Can you give out the web address so we can go on and start doing some goof posts on it? Well, we don't want to F the guy up. Because if you're just going to post like curses or something. Then he takes them off and it's just a pain in the ass for him. But we don't want to do that. I mean, if you got something fun to post about the Radio Dentist and stuff. That would be funny. I'd like to do that. If you want to go out of your way, I'll make it real easy. If you know the unofficial website address. Sure. Under the link section there's a link to the New York radio message board. Okay, I mean I ain't got to post nothing dumb. Just maybe something a little funny goofing on them. No, what's even better than posting is just reading some of the real posts on there. You'll laugh your butt off. These guys' lives are this pathetic that they're actually sitting down and thinking of this stuff. They had a whole discussion a while back. They truly believed that what should happen to WNEW, the legendary 1027 WNEW, this should turn into a standards station. Standards. I want him to do a cleaning on my girlfriend's mouth after kissing a rusty trombone. You know, because I don't want to be kissing that unless he can go in there and do the old... Well, Opie and I are starting the New York Dentist a message board. As a matter of fact, we're going to start critiquing some of Alan's work. Oh, and one more thing. Paul's still a packer. All right. Oh, very good from yesterday. Thank you, Rich. Goodbye. It's just amazing though. And 99% of the people that post to the New York radio message board, the legit posters, absolutely hate Aunt and I and want us to go away. Oh yeah, they want us gone in the worst way. And every time our ratings drop a couple tenths of a point during a trend they're called, we get ratings every month basically, they're all over the place. See? See? I told you they were just a fad. It's just a matter of time before they're gone and we'll have our classic rock back on any W. What are you laughing at, Ed? They got posts all over it now? Yeah. Someone wrote, Opie and Anthony, ha ha ha, you rule. You know, stop reading this board, then if you have a problem with this board. We don't have a problem with the board. We love the board. We don't have a problem. We laugh. It's fun to read. You know, Aunt and I are going to be reading this board. It's fun to read. You know, Aunt and I, we consider ourselves comedians, but we can't even match up to the comedic stylings of these people posting on the New York Radio Message Board. They're starting a new rumor on the New York Radio Message Board as I speak, Aunt. WNEW is going to be ONA all day. Very good. That was from Ziggy. All right, Aunt, we've got to take a break. All right. But it's just hilarious. It's so stupid. Keep writing your nasty posts about us. We really don't care. Sometimes I think Alan slipped and shot the Novacaine directly into his brain. We do like him, though. I mean, he's got to be a fun guy to run a radio message for to your dentist. He needs a sense of humor. He's actually had an open mind about our show from the beginning. I appreciate that much about it. Imagine like you go to get your dentist, your tooth drilled, and you're Opie or Anthony and you sit in the dentist chair and you realize he goes, Hi, I'm Alan Sniffin. He's like, AAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH! Mike, you're next. What's going on? Oh, my teeth. That noise. My eyes are watering. Oh my god. I swear to God, I feel like I'm actually singing that shit. You know what that is? That's actually one of these in fast motion. Oh my god. Yeah, you can speed it up. I feel it like at the bottom of my teeth. I can't take the pace. Yeah, isn't that bad? It works with a car starter, too, Opie. Yeah, I know. Watch this. When coupled with this, you take that, put it together. That's your car this winter. Son of a bitch! You always try one time too many. You got cables, man? You got cables, man? Yeah, I got cables. You got cables, man? Yeah, I got cables. You got cables, man? Yeah, I got cables. You got cables, man? You got cables, man? You got cables? Well, thank you, Mike. Peace. There goes Mike. Wow, we have so many people calling in now. Melissa, she's on hold. Stay right where you are. She would have strap-on sex in the studio for us. Bravo. We'll talk to her next. Opie and Anthony. What? That's crap. We can't put that on the air. FM at 1027. 1027, WNEW, it's Opie and Anthony. You guys make us PR pants, man. I'm telling you. Paul, I haven't laughed that hard in so long, Ant. The commercials were playing. And we went to the New York radio message board. We just did 20 minutes on how stupid the New York radio message board is. You can find the link through the unofficial Opie and Anthony website in the link section. But they discuss the most mundane and stupidest things about New York radio on this message board. And they're like purists to the radio. Yeah, they would love it if all broadcasting went back to the way it was in the 50s, I think. You know, you just play your songs, you give your time and weather checks, and then you're back into songs. Correct. Yeah, that's what they want. But they have us in New York to talk about, so they bash us. So we pretty much trashed the New York radio message board and pretty much explained how everyone who posts on there are a bunch of tools. There's a couple of good people. And we begged our listeners to be intelligent. And if you want to check out the New York radio message board for yourself, through the link section of the unofficial website, to be nice and stuff, right? Of course. You freaking bastards. I've got to stress once again, they take it really seriously on this New York radio message board. Once you're very pure with their radio. Why don't you read some of the postings that have made the New York radio message board? Double dong dildo to be used as new WNEW antenna. See, all the rumors get started on this thing. People just come up with this stuff. They say we're going to mornings, and then they say it's absolutely true we're going to mornings. We're not. They always speculate as to what the new format will be here at NEW. This is the format. But they keep speculating. So I guess our own listeners are throwing their own rumors in, one of them being that a double dong dildo will actually be used as a WNEW antenna high above the Empire State Building. Some of the other postings, Ken just writes lesbians. ONA to quit afternoon drive and become dentists. As you know, the head of this radio board, the guy that runs it, is actually a dentist. It's pretty funny. Steve Mason posting, my show is Alan's Novacane. Need dental help? Need dental help? Pubes caught in my teeth? Every people here is soliciting for dental help. Toby Tom posting on the New York radio message board. I will give ONA a rusty trombone to keep my time. Tata Toothy making a posting. My gums blow off. A new rumor coming in on the message board, Ann, from Josh. Opie and Anthony, hire away Jackie the Jokeman. Well look at this one, under the posting, I am gay. It's posted by Will Pandarvis. It says, I'm willing to get a dirty Sanchez from Spaz to keep my job. I am desperate. Well, we can't confirm that one. But that's the funny thing about this radio message board, there's no accountability. So any rumors that have started, any people, you don't even have to use your real name on this thing. I don't understand how rumors get started off of this thing. I've seen legitimate journalists that use this page as a source. I wonder if we'll be reading in the Daily News tomorrow in Hinkley's section about the double dong dildo is now being used as any W2 antenna. I'm going to whiz my pants over here. I am so glad we finally attacked this stupid board because it's been driving me nuts. Oh, now it's just out of control. I want to give Opie a reach around. I am gay, ONA rule, ONA. Nothing will beat the double dong dildo. Well, I don't know, plenty of rumors come up. Mark has the gayest laugh I've ever heard. Now they're commenting about what they're hearing in the studio, Ann. Well, we've covered the entire first page of the message board. You guys rock. I'm laughing so freaking hard. They're going to be none too happy about this. No, they'll be discussing this for a month or two. Very good job, guys. Very good job. Very, very good job. This is Tom Chiasano, not Kittos. Any W to turn into the 24-hour Rick Springfield station. Uh-oh, who let that cat out of the bag? Oops, we didn't want anyone to know that one. Dentist approved. Radio message board to be used as instant feedback for ONA. That's pretty funny, man. You guys are making us laugh really hard. It got us stressed once again. How serious they take this message board. Gobble Gobble by Don Imus. Checking in with Gobble Gobble. My side's hurt now. I'm laughing too hard. Very funny. I'm coughing a phlegm. Melissa? Yeah? Thanks for waiting. No problem. I got in the car the way home, me and my fianc, and just heard about the two girls, and ran into the most convenient 7-Eleven, and got to Penthouse, checked it out. You checked out the Penthouse with the strap-on Lesbo jacks? Oh, absolutely. I mean, I have worst hair, but I figured, you know, maybe I'll check this out. I agree it should be in color, but I'm sorry, it's a total turn-on. And my fianc said the same thing. And I mean, I'd be willing to do it. I mean, that's like a fantasy of mine. I've had lesbian sex before, and it's just incredible. But this is cool. There's nothing homosexual about it, like you said. It's just like a device, like anything else. Who said something about the car hanging off of it or something? You're right, it's like the same thing. So, who can't? Well, we're real distracted, because more postings are coming up on the New York Radio message board. Oh, no. Baz and Ricky Martin seen on jet-ski in Florida. Girl masturbate for ONA to save the station. I'll be one of those girls. Oh, my God, you people are killing me, man. Oh, I'm in love with Opie, the skank. All right. Well, Melissa, we did find another girl that would be willing to come down here and give it a try, too. We do this, I want to be a lesbian for a day, and this is where we want to go with this concept. Take a little more hardcore. Hardcore! I don't know how much of it we'll be able to get on the radio, but would you guys be open to a little photo shoot so we can share with our faithful listeners? Sure, why not? Our faithful listeners all over the world at this point? Oh, the world. Yeah, this Internet website is going everywhere. I picked up the pen now, and the guy at the counter, he says to me, I'm going to be a lesbian for a day. And I was like, yeah, right. And he's like, no, really. Then I told him I turned him on to your show because he was listening to some lame radio station, which I won't name, but anyway. Yeah, I've been trying to get on this lesbian for a day thing. What do you look like? What do you want to start with? Like, weight, measurements? Yeah, whatever you want to do. Okay, I've got a pretty long, red, straight hair, real big eyes, nice face, real nice face. I'm 5'4.5", 130, 36D, and I don't know, I just have a nice body, like nice and curvy body. I've never, never not had a date, so I don't know, I guess there must be something not wrong with me. All right, cool. Well, stay on hold. Rick's going to talk to you, and we're going to try to set this up for very soon. Okay. All right, Melissa. Thank you so much for calling in. All right. All right, hold on. Thank you. Bye. I think they've shut down the message board. Is that what happened? Yeah, I think they shut it down. I was wondering about that. No, they definitely won't allow any more posts at this time, I think. There's hundreds of them now. Oops, hundreds of them. I just got a forbidden message when I went to post something. Oh, really? I had to check if it was still rolling. He shut her down. I think that's payback, to be honest with you, for all the mean, nasty things that stupid board has said about our radio show. That's it, baby. Our listeners are very, very powerful, aren't they, Anthony? They shut it down. You guys shut down a very important message board. Look, it's nice to see some real postings, though. These are fun postings. I'd go to this every day to read this stuff. Like, what will become of WGVV? Right. Who cares? Will they become a standard station? Or will they go to jazz? No. When you get postings like Spaz and Ricky Martenski on Jet Ski in Florida, and Ant's mom to make appearance at Virgin Megastore. What's under that one? Can we even read it on the air? Probably not. Radio message boards we use for instant feedback. That one's great. All right, I'll give Opie a reach around. Very good. You guys made us very happy today, because the trash they were talking about us on that thing for the last year and a half. Yes, thank you. Thank you. Payback's a bitch. All right. Rick, no one can post on the board anymore. I know. They shut it off. I couldn't even access it because I wanted to check some out. I like the Richard Tom posting. Yeah, it is kind of funny. I'm going to put him on line seven. Four out of five dentists recommend O&A. Rick, Melissa on line eight. She wants to do the strap-on thing. Maria, what's going on? Maria? Oh, I thought you said Melissa. No, I don't want to do it. I'm curious about these women calling in. That's a big fantasy thing. There are fantasies that you would act out, and there are ones that you just kind of save and you use it in your head. Because sex is a very cerebral thing if you really want to enjoy it. But if you do everything that you've ever dreamed about or fantasized about, what do you do later? Some of these women are really young and stuff. I'm like, at 30, you're going to be so bored with sex. So you don't act out your fantasies? You act out some fantasies, and there are some fantasies I better not act out. Act it out. I think it's our goal on this earth to act out as many fantasies as humanly possible. I'm not saying. I have so many fantasies in my head. I have so many in my head I'll never get to all of them. No, but you've got to space them out a little bit. I'm sorry, if you're 22 years old and you're having sex in a radio station, it's tough to top that. As far as sex stories go. Maria, you know what's weird about that though? These girls that come in here, they get so freaking turned on by it because there's a bunch of guys around, and that in itself is a turn on to a lot of these ladies. I'm not saying they're not turned on, but that will stick in their memory. Nothing will ever match up to that. You know what I mean? We've heard from the ladies after their experience of being a lesbian for a day, they thank us up and down. They say it's one of the happiest days of their lives. Really? Yeah, because they are completely turned on. I would think that would be more like a private thing. You're nervous that you're not going to be able to do anything right. To some people, sure, but I don't know. Have you heard any of our lesbian for a day shows? Actually, I just started listening to you guys. What were you listening to before? I was just listening to my own music. I like talk radio, but I can't get AM in my stereo. There's really no talk radio in FM, and I stumbled upon you guys. There's nothing going on on AM radio. Well, I don't know. Most of the talk radio stations are AM. Most talk radio stations are like, it gets on your nerves after a while because it flimflams around or it's just too much of arrogance. I was like zipping around. Is it Noon Chick or? Oh, the radio chick. Radio chick. Yeah, she's doing very well. I listened to you guys yesterday, but they repeated part of the show today. Who, us or radio chick? You guys. Yeah, we do that a lot in the two o'clock hour. Okay. I'm not in school right now, so I'm being very good at being lazy. I heard her, but I heard you guys yesterday. I listened to you guys today because it entertains me. I think it's very funny. Hold on. There's a lady on the line that takes issue to what you're saying. No. Don't worry, Maria. Okay. We take it easy on the newbies to this radio show. Thanks. Joni, what's going on? Nothing. I just heard her saying how she's upset about all these young girls acting out their fantasies. I don't know. Acting out fantasies is fun, and there's nothing wrong with it. No, you misunderstand. I'm talking from more of a cerebral point of view. Of course you want to act out your fantasies and bring yourself as much pleasure as possible in your life. I'm just thinking to myself that a lot of sex is cerebral, and if you have nothing to top that. I don't know. I think you can always top it. You can always find something. Really? Yeah. I asked you, how would you top that? How would you top having sex in a studio with a bunch of guys watching you? Come on. I'm back, and when I'm 40, I can say, oh yeah, I did this at a radio station, and I can tell all the stories about all the things I did, and be totally fulfilled in life. Would it still turn you on? There are more exciting things than having sex in a radio station. But would the memory still turn you on? Yes. There would more be a turn on, I think. I had a threesome 11 years ago. The memory is clear as day. You go back to it, do you think about it to get you hot again? Without a doubt. If you didn't do it, you'd probably be really upset at yourself right now, because you'd just be sitting there thinking about it. That's true. You ever talk to the guys anymore, Raul? Come on. You knew that was coming. Do you see your stuff? Continue, girls. I don't know. She sounded like she was upset about all these young girls. I was wondering, I don't know. I like to have fun. If I want to do something, I'm going to do it. I like to be able to say that I did it. I don't know. I just wanted to understand why you were upset. I wasn't upset. I didn't understand the risk. To me, I didn't understand the risk. I'm not as free-spirited as the women who are calling in. Maybe you should try something like that. I don't know. No? Have you thought about it? Of course I've thought about it. I'm 32 years old. You should be ready to do something now. A lot of women, when they get into their 30s, are more into a lot of sexual things. You should try something. It's weird, though. I once had, six years ago, this supermodel. He hit on me, and I didn't go. Oh, no. I used the fantasy in my head of actually having gone with her. Really? Yeah. Six years post-script, I'm sitting there regretting, but still thinking about how it would have happened. What a dope. A real supermodel? Like one we know? Yeah. I can't say. You must be hot, then, if a supermodel is hitting on you. No, I just think I'm goofy. Goofy? I make people laugh. I guess I'm not bad-looking, but whatever. What are the initials of the supermodel? I can't say. That would be horrible. They only have one initial. No one knows who you are. I have some friends in the fashion business, and I think that they'd be less than happy with me if I... Tyra? Wow. ...shave a name. Tyra Banks? No, except I have a friend who used to be a model, and she's gay. Black or white? I'm not saying. You can go that far. It could be anyone. They all do that. All those girls. That is their life. K.M.? No. C.C.? I don't know. Not K.M.? What's K.M.? That's a model. O.P.? All right, Jody, I'm going to let you go, because one of the girls that did do Lesbian for a Day wants to talk to you. Thanks a lot, guys. Bye-bye. Jody's doing a very good job for us today. Let's put Maria on with... ...Shawneen. Hey, guys. Shawneen was a lesbian for a day on the radio show? Yes, I was. Do you have a question to ask Shawneen, Maria? Well, actually, yeah. Let's get to the definitive on this. I mean, it's like, you know, is doing what you did of a memory that still turns you on? Oh, well, of course. I mean, it's just a totally... There are no words for it. I mean, it's something that I think everyone should just drop their defenses, drop their guard, and just go ahead and do it. Well, okay, so you thought it was great, right? Yeah. What do you do after you sit there and you go, oh my God, that's great. What am I going to do next? Because that's kind of my attitude. I'm like, okay, I love that. I'm going to do something next, you know? And I become obsessed with trying to figure out how I could top it. Well, you know, that's where you got to have creativity. There's always something, you know, a little something extra you can throw in. That's the way I feel about it. Just to have that memory, that'll last your lifetime. I know. And Shawneen, you're not really a lesbian, right, if I remember? No, that would be correct. Have you had any other liaisons since that first one? Well, not since then, you know. It's only been like two weeks. You guys do this frequently, this lesbian per day thing? We haven't done it in about three weeks, so we're just chomping at the bit. Oh, man. So to speak. Sure. Yeah, but I mean, I think it's that the guys are offering a great opportunity to the ladies here in New York. You know, though, I have a boyfriend who says that if I do a threesome with him, he will take me to Paris. Oh, really? That's it for a trip to Paris and you're not going to do it? Are you not? Well, I don't want to... well, never mind. But I just... I don't know. Hmm, all right. Well, you know, there's no time like the present. Okay. You know, tomorrow's not promised to you. Get naked. Go to Paris. Well, thank you, Shawneen. No problem. All right. Bye. Someone else is on the line. They're saying this is sounding like the view. Amy, you're next. What's up? Now, this is Charlotte. Charlotte? Yes. Hi, Charlotte. Charlotte? I'm sorry, but I'm just having a thot. All right. We're losing you, Charlotte. Call back if you could still hear us, okay? All right. We'll do one more call and we'll move on. Debbie, you're on with Maria. What's up? Now, the only problem I have is why is she so obsessive? What she can top next? When you first had your sexual experience when you were younger, didn't you top it after that with something else and something better? I mean, my first sexual experience was great, but I topped it after that by doing it on top of a car outside in public. And then after that, I topped it with going to bed with my best friend and her 2X boyfriend. So there's always time to top it off. Yeah, I guess to me, you know, maybe the acme of my sexual fantasies would be performing in my head. I mean, in front of a group of people, my first lesbian act. You know, to me, that would be the acme. I just don't know what I could come up with after that. Stop being so prude about it. You're already 30 years old. My imagination doesn't work that way. All right. Well, thank you, Debbie. You're welcome. Star Jones, do you have a comment on this today? I know when I have, like, group sex, it could just be me and that's group sex. Why does that sound like raving now? All right. Well, Maria, well, thank you for calling in. Well, yeah, it was cool. Maybe I'll have to do this again. And I hope you enjoy the radio show. I do, very much. Thank you. All right, cool. Bye. Right on. Rock, you're next. What's up? What's up, guys? I'm on the site now. I believe they deleted all the messages. I only see two left. Oh, yeah, look at that. They're deleting them. Oh, wow. That's all right. That message board is up 24-7. Oh, I love the ones when they jumped in on Tubby Tom. Those were great. They're hilarious. Well, you guys did a great job with that today. Thank you. We pounded it, man. Rock on. Thank you, Rock. Bye. Bye. I can see him sitting there with his little keyboard, deleting all the listening to us right now. Hi, Alan. How you doing, Alan? Alan, look at this. From the New York radio message board. Isn't there a patient in the blue room? All right. The phones are just lit. Maria got everyone thinking. Here I am. We'll go to the phones next. Stay there. Hey, Anne, your mom did say I was hot. Oh, come on, mom. Don't bang open. You f*** my mom, I'm f***ing yours. I stay and lay back and enjoy it. The hell with your bargain ride. Oh, do you? I got you. I've got the love, Niko. Motherf***er. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I've got the love, Niko. Motherf***er. 1027. It's 1027, WNW. It's the Opie and Anthony show. Hey, I have no idea what we're discussing today, but a little bit of everything, a bunch of nothing. But we're having fun, right, Anne? I guess Alan checked in. Hey, Opie and Anthony, thanks for all the promotion. It's nice to know the power of this board is so great that I have successfully manipulated you to give me free promotion. Trust me, you will be doing mornings, your friend Dr. Alan. We're not going to do mornings. I actually like the guy. Yeah, he's a prism. Because I feel like he's old school. Yeah, but he at least has an open mind to understand why our show does work in New York. Yeah, in New York. You know, there are people interested in this crap that we call the Opie and Anthony show, believe it or not. Figure that one out. Figure that out is right. All right, should we leave Alan and his New York radio message board alone for a while? Yeah. Have the listeners back off a little bit? Yeah, because I want to be able to read some of the postings from the actual people that usually post, you know. All right, some of those fun people. Let's go back to the phones here. Who's this? What's up? I just want to say first off that I love your show. I am a big, big fan. Oh, thank you. I was actually calling because I found today's topic interesting about the lesbian for a day. Okay. I'm a bisexual married woman and as far as the comment that was made of how could you possibly top an experience, believe me, I have given my husband many threesomes and each one gets better and better and you never forget them. I'm just visualizing right now. Very good. So you basically bring your friends home for your husband? I bring friends home or actually it's better to sleep with friends. It makes the friendship that much better. To be quite honest with you, the best experiences have been with friends. Did you bring home strangers too? I brought home a few go-go dancers. Yeah? Yeah, that's pretty hot. That's really, really hot. It's just the, actually I go to go-go bars with my husband so it kind of puts a little bit of a tease because you don't know what to expect. Right. Do you have fine time to work with all this screwing your down? Actually, that relieves the stress that I get from work. That is my little outlet. That is my little outlet. All right. Well, thank you, Giovanna. Well, thank you very much. You guys are great. I appreciate you calling in. All righty, bye-bye. Dude, what are you having in front of you? What? Dude, Rick put that up an hour ago. An hour ago. Gay live. Boy, Rick, you got me. A man for every day of the week, gay live. Talk to hundreds of local guys daily. I've been waiting for the last hour so I can remember to call the gay, the gay live line after the show. That's right. I didn't say that. I just saw through the back of the page. I saw a bunch of like men with their shirts off and I was wondering what you were looking at. See, this is what Rick finds funny. He thinks it's really funny and a good way to bust on someone, I guess. I don't get it myself, but. Lisa, what's up? Hey. I want you to know, first of all, I think you guys are awesome. I'm so happy. Thank you. For my husband's 40th birthday, I wanted to do a threesome and he wouldn't go for it. Well, was it with another girl? Yeah. I thought it would be a great birthday gift. What did he say? No way. He wasn't into it. Why? I don't know why. I was majorly bummed. I have to live vicariously through your lesbian third day show. Maybe his girlfriend would have gotten pissed. No, you were setting up the whole thing. Who was the other girl? I was going to ask the relative, my sister-in-law. Your sister-in-law? Isn't that his sister? I know, would that be his sister? Sure, that's why he said no. Oh man, really? Not John Rocker. He liked her, she's cute, you know, but he wouldn't go for it. He's like very straight. And what was his reason? He's just not into the kinky stuff, you know? It's just a wham-bam, thank you ma'am position? You must have just beat him down over the course of your marriage to the point where he doesn't even know. No! You ever see like a dog? A dog can be starving and you hold like a little doggy treat in front of his face, but he just knows that he's been beaten and starved for so long. He doesn't even know to take it. That's what you did to the poor bastard. Yeah, I hope that's not the reason why. Have you guys had any, go ahead, go ahead. He's just very conservative. Have you had any kinky sex over the years? Not like a few toys that I've introduced him to. But that's about it. Toys? What, you introduced to him? Yeah. Onto him? No, for him to use. Oh, okay. What, PlayStation? Was he into that? Yeah, he's into PlayStation. No, no, was he into the toys? Yeah, you know, like vibrators, that kind of stuff. I'm shocked. I don't think there's many guys out there that would turn down a threesome. I'm shocked too. I can't believe it myself. I'm disappointed. All right, Lisa, that's a good story for your... Okay. All right, thank you. Turning it down, Ant. How about that? Kevin turned it down too. Kevin? How are you doing, old man? I think your show is great. We can be all the time. Thanks. Let me tell you, I thought about it all my life and I would love to have it. With two women, maybe I don't know. Not with my wife and somebody else. Hmm. And you know, well, so have you turned it down officially? It was proposed to me. It wasn't set in stone, but I did say, no, no, no, I wouldn't like that. And just because you were paranoid about it? Totally. If it was two strange girls, you would have went for it? Without a doubt, in a minute. I mean, I thought about it, something every guy thinks about, I think. That's the number one fantasy for guys. Two girls I met in a bar, I mean, they were hot and stuff. It would be no contest. But my wife and somebody else, I think it would be too much to have to think about in the future. Too much to have to think about in the future. Well, you've got to think that the wife eventually would use it against you somehow. Yeah, it's going to come out bad in the long run somehow. They have a way of making a very cool situation and then make you feel real guilty about it. I think so. Really? I think so. Tell me about it. Can you explain to Ant? I'm real surprised that Ant is so quiet during this segment. Kevin, thank you. Thanks again, guys, you guys are great. Haven't heard Ant this quiet in months. The audience is just putting together pieces of a puzzle, aren't they? Hey, dude, not to change the subject. Check this out. You tell me you're not into this. Look at this. Watch when she starts going at it. It's a video of a strap-on. A strap-on. That's exactly what we saw in the studio. Look at Rick looking. Come on, you just had a look at him and he's like... Rick's all paranoid like it might be a set-up. I'm telling you, that is hot. That is definitely hot. It looks like David Coverdale banging some chicken behind it. Wow. Geez, sorry, it's not one of your muscle chicks that look like friggin' Luke Ferrigno with boobs and a wig. Yeah, where are those muscle magazines these days? I haven't seen them lately. I haven't seen them around lately, have you, Ant? Spanking out a batch to... You know what? We got the pictures of Ant in the fur coat on the unofficial website. How about those, Steve? You like those? Steve from the unofficial website in the studio, which sick boy? From XWrestling.com. Yeah, the pictures of you in the fur coat are up and running. I'm shocked you would allow me access to those, to be perfectly honest. Yeah, well, you know, you gotta throw it out there. We talked about it on the show, we talked about me being... And I was a kid, so I thought, man, of course. And my little fur coat that my mom made me wear. But that red, white and blue thing under the fur coat is a little bit disturbing. I'm not really sure what angle you're going for there. I was pretty snappy dressed. You know what the scariest part of that picture is? There's Ant, his brother Joe, and his sister Dawn. You have no clue which one is Ant. Absolutely not. Like, you could say Dawn is Anthony. And vice versa. You guys look like triplets. So we didn't have the other pictures to go by. I would not have known which one was Anthony. Which one was me. I was about to circle your sister, I think. So we got those up there. I guess I gotta bring in the pumpkin pictures. Yeah, when you went pumpkin picking with Sandy. I see those. And you took the picture of you with your head sticking through the big cardboard pumpkin cutout. And it was a place to stick your head through, a big photo op. I've seen that. And then in the studio with one of Rick's muscle mags. And this is the other thing I want on the website. All right, fine. Find the muscle chicks that I like to look at. I want a picture. Shut up! God damn. It's just so... Sorry Rick, I forgot. You're perfect. I'm not perfect, but those are chicks! I forgot Rick, everything you think and do is right on. You're perfect. Well, y'all can't be like you are. Can't take a little abuse. I always take abuse. We will find the pictures of what Rick finds hot in women. And we'll put those on the website too. I don't think... Oh, there's one. A sumo wrestler for you playing at home. Al from Jersey wants to know... Where's the hot muscle chicks? If I get two hookers for a threesome, will Anthony pay for it? Very good. That puzzle is almost complete. All right, I'll admit these girls are definitely hot. Back me up on this! Remember when we went to the sexpo last April and that chick came over that was a man with boobs? Muscle chick. And as soon as she left, Rick comes up to us with his hands on us because he can't stand anymore because he was blown away by the chick going, Oh God, you guys see how hot that chick was? No, I was not. I was not leaning on you guys like that. Yeah, he was all taken with the chick. Totally taken with the chick. I don't lean on anybody like that. Sorry Rick, once again, you're right. I am right. If I had to lean on you guys, you guys would have been calling me a homo for leaning on you. This chick doesn't have enough body fat. Right there. Look. Look in that crotch area. What's going on there? You know, some of these muscle heads work out too much. You need some body fat, a little bit of body fat. Look right by the crotch. It's like all like something's going on down there. I don't need perfection. No, I don't have a problem with it. I don't need perfection like that. Come on. Yeah, I like a girl you could really wind up and punch in the gut. Jesus Christ, look at her abs. But Anne. Anne. Explain the girl that Rick was fawning over. Man with long hair and breasts. That's the only way I could describe it. Rick, she was so built. I had to say, she was standing in front of me and I had to say, that's a nice thing. He said it after she left, I know he did. I'm more healthy on this one. I remember because we ragged you. I don't think so. I seem to recall this conversation. I think they're right. Maybe Rick's not allowed to admit that he found another woman attracted now that he's married. Yeah, that might be it. Ben thinks he might have photos of her. Oh really? Actually there are probably photos of her in most muscle magazines. She has like point-out videos out there. Well, let me tell you something. The pictures might be different than what we saw in real life. Well, what about the pictures up on the unofficial website and then we'll have the listeners decide for themselves. See, I wonder which way that voting will go. Hey Rick, on the phone, what's up? Hey, how are you guys? You're great. Hey, thanks. Ask any guy that wouldn't want to do a threesome with two girls. F the guys that don't want to do a threesome with two girls, okay? Why? They've got to be out of their minds. That's like the greatest thing. I mean, I live in a swing lifestyle. My wife and I, we do threesomes, we do foursomes, we do groups. It's fantastic. I don't understand why people don't get, more people don't get into it. To have anything that you want, it's all there. The clubs like Lake Trapeze in the city are wild. Why are these people like so afraid of this? So, guys that turn it down are fags? Yeah, pretty much. Come on now. It's nuts that they don't want to enjoy, what, they don't like women? Or seeing two women together or if they have a strap on them? Hey, it's really cool when the old lady is down on a knob and the other one is behind her, doing her with a strap on. It's nuts! Alright, Rick, thank you. Thank you. Very good. Some great phones coming in, but we've got to take another break, Ant. As we go to break, we've got to play a little ditty from Ant and his brother Joe, though. What's that? In honor of Raph Boy going back to Cuba. Raph Boy. That poor kid, man. He got a little, get the, he got a little, he gets to spend Christmas in America as a poor little like orphan child. You know how us Americans are like that, we're generous to a fault. Last picture I saw of him, he was riding around in that cool little motorized jeep or something that he got for Christmas. You know how many presents this kid got? He's like living in America, he's like woohoo, we're saps as a country, we see something like that on TV and we all send presents. I saw a picture of the little boy with toys around him, he's like toys are us, but no, that was the house filled with toys. Toys for him. And I hear now they're all just going to lash them all together with some ropes, pop them on top and send them off of Miami. He does, so watch him float back. Can't wait for Ziggy on the home shopping. It is, I bet he feels like Ziggy. He got showered with presents and now he's being sent back to the gutter. Back to the slide. Mini Ziggy. That's so true. What a mess, now the poor kid's got to go back to Cuba. He's going to be scarred to life. We should have sent him back in the first place. I had a great time, I still remember it man. I was a kid, I had a great time. That's all he's going to be talking about. No matter how old he gets. He's going to be a guy in the background, shut up and roll another cigar. I was a Raph boy. So we're sending Raph boy back in honor of him, this little ditty that always gets us in trouble. The phones are going to be dialing any second now. I got to say something about this radio show, they don't call us anymore. When we first got here and we play songs like we're about to play, oh man, oh yeah, the phones would go crazy with people that wanted our heads. They don't even bother with us anymore. Our listeners love it and then those French people, they call management. You know the guitarist on the song Rex is actually Cuban? Swear to God, he's full blood Cuban. Think that's going to help your case? I was hoping, that's why I said it. Alright, this is for Raph boy. Drown, drown, Cuban drown, drown, Cuban drown, yeah, Cuban drown. Woo, we're going to wreck it, when we hope you won't drown. Cuban on your way, USA. Let's hear it for the refugees, give them a hand. Roast the days just to open up a taco stand. 20 cubans low on a wine bottle cork. Guantanamo Bay is just a 5 minute walk. Turn around, when we hope you won't drown. Cuban refugees, don't you mind asking me. Because all your relatives stay awake. Remember Ricky Ricardo, Babaluay. Look at my Matita, she's as big as a boat. You shove a motor up her ass if you thought she'd float. Turn around, when we hope you won't drown. Cuban on your way, USA. Drown, drown, Cuban drown, drown, Cuban drown, yeah, Cuban drown. Cuban drown, drown, drown, drown, Cuban drown, yeah, Cuban drown. Drown, drown, Cuban drown, drown, Cuban drown, yeah. Drumizen drown, drown, drown, Cuban drowning, clown, clown, clown, clown, clown, clown, clown, clown, clown. Even without you, no one gives a damn about you. We refuse to be responsible. We refuse to be responsible. We refuse to be responsible. There are some, like, best of bits that I listen to over vacation. Yeah. Crank that up. Crank the music up. Well, I gotta get another one, because that's fading. I'll get another one. Like one that's really loud? Yeah. Alright. And I'll kind of describe to you what some of these phone calls sound like when they pop right into a phone call. Louder. Make it louder. So you're trying to say the bed is too loud on some of those old bits? What? Yeah. Wow. And then I've heard from other people that say, like, I guess the machinery here at the station equals it out. So, no? From what Rick is saying? It does it on the microphone. Right. But not on another CD. Okay, that's what we have everything burned on. Right. And if, like, a phone call comes through or something. But for our mics, it's okay. But in our headphones, we hear the music loud. So now here is what the listener hears when it's just us talking. So play it real loud. Hey, what's up? It's Opie and Anthony. How you doing today? Because, like, it's cranking in our headphones. And we think it's loud, but it really is. But it equals out as it comes out of your speakers at home. Gotcha. Stacy, you're next. What's going on? Not what's going on. Talking to you. Not to throw a wrench in the whole threesome conversation, but I think that it's okay to fool around. But intercourse, I don't really think that that's necessary with a third person. There's other things that could be done. Intercourse. Yeah, I don't really think... Intercourse. It's just too personal, especially when you're married. Well, it's not like the main goal if I'm in a threesome. Exactly. That's what I wanted to hear. See, that's not important to you guys, right? No, I'm serious. I'm serious. What's your main goal? Just that it's two chicks. Right? Isn't that enough? I get to pop one and feel around with the other. I'm happy. Yeah, without a doubt. I don't need to pop two. There you go. That's what I was looking to hear. I hope my husband's listening. If I pop the two, then that's an extra bonus. But it's not like I'm going away, you know, mad or sad because I only popped one and got to feel around with the other one. It's like a football game. Good terminology, guys. Take it easy. All right. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Eric, what's going on? Hey, ONA. How you guys doing? What's up, man? Hey, listen, I'm a big fan of threesomes. Okay. But I'm a way bad fan of threesomes when it comes to your wife or your girlfriend. Why? About seven years ago, my wife comes up to me and she says... What if it's your wife and girlfriend? Well, that might not be bad. About seven years ago, my wife comes up to me and she's like, I want to do a threesome for my birthday. I'm like... Why is everyone shaking their head? I'm just trying to... Well, I'm like, this is great. I had like three years... You guys know something I don't? All right, Eric, go ahead. I'm very distracted. Everyone's shaking their head in here. Yeah, come on, shut the hell up. Why? This is like seven years ago. I had like three years. Is this like the best memory? Yeah. Well, about three years ago, my wife comes up to me and she says, remember that threesome that we did? I'm like, yeah? She's like, well, I'd like to do it again. I'm like, this is great. She wanted to do it with a guy, though. Uh-oh. I'm like, what, are you high? You know... Never, ever, ever, never, ever, never, ever. Well, that's the opinion of your pal's O&A, but we heard... I've been divorced two and a half years because of it. We've heard from a lot of guys out there that they don't mind doing abroad with their buddy. She held that over your head? Yeah, she held it over my head. That's what, when that other guy called, I had to call. All right, since I got you a chick, you gotta let me have a guy? She was nice enough to give me a choice of like three of my friends. And because you wouldn't do the threesome... She gave you a choice of three of your friends? Oh, yeah. Wow. She gave me a choice. She's like, you can have these three but not these two. And I'm like, am I putting you high? No. Putting you high? I like people working that into their conversation. Very good. Sounds like there might have been other problems in the marriage, sir. Yeah, there was. She ended up going and doing a threesome with two other guys. Oh, really? She didn't come back and told me about it. She told me that she wouldn't, that I wouldn't do it, that she wanted to experience it that way. Do you miss the bitch? Funnel pump. The other day she ran across the street and I missed her. All right, all right. Hey, you guys, you rule, man. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Wow. Kim has a butt. She would do a threesome butt. Kim? In the butt. Oh, just the butt. Yeah. Hey, my whole... I have a big problem with threesomes. All right. Basically, I would do it, but I don't want to do it with somebody that I love, like my boyfriend, you know what I mean? Like the thought or the sight of him kissing another girl would piss me off, you know? It wouldn't turn me on. I would be angry and jealous. Really? You know? Like, okay, you and your wife and some other girl. Well, I guess it's different for guys, but you know, she's like making out with some other girl. Aren't you going to be jealous? No. All right. Well, that was my whole point. I would just be jealous. I wouldn't want to do it with somebody I love, basically. Nowhere in my jealousy would come in. Where? And I got to stress, I would not do this, but I don't know. Let's... Because I always get in trouble for putting my foot in my mouth. Let's say I was talked into a threesome where it was another guy. It's not going to happen, but that's what I'm like. Wait, you see my point. No, wait. No, no, it is. Ass wipe. Can we see your stuff? Another guy, another girl, obviously talking about the relationship I'm in. You're such an idiot. You can't even be hypothetical on this show. You know how it works. Blue pants down. Blue pants down. Blue pants down. That's where the jealousy would come in, though, if I was involved with a threesome with my girlfriend and another guy. Even though I said it wouldn't happen, but if I saw my girlfriend and another guy, my girlfriend making out with another guy, I'd have a problem with that. Right, that's what I'm saying. If I was with two guys... You guys could all laugh and stuff, but I could go to the phones and talk to a hundred guys that had a threesome with another guy. I know, we've talked about that. And they swear it's... And they swear they're straight and stuff. I personally don't want to do it. It was a hypothetical situation, blah, blah, blah. But you understand what I'm saying. Yeah, but if I was in a threesome with my girlfriend and another girl and they were making out, I wouldn't be jealous in the least. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye. Now I'm screwed for the next month. Thanks. Yeah, whatever. I'm a fag. Give it to your sister, okay? That's right. She loves gay guys. Moses! Yeah, how you doing? All right. He's a fag hag. Well, you see, my girlfriend, she would like to try with another girl. But I know also that before we talked and she said that if she was with another guy, that would also be good for her. But if I were with another girl, I wouldn't even be able to touch her because then she would want to be with another guy and I can't deal with that. I couldn't let her. Okay. I mean, if I see her with another guy, I could never touch her again. That would feel really weird. I mean, why does she want to go away with the other guy? It doesn't like me no more. God damn it. I'm distracted because everyone's on the phones now abusing me. Of course they are. All right. Thank you, Moses. Bye. Might as well play it out. John! Yeah. Hey, oh, hypothetically, you're a homo. Hands down. I can't believe you just put your foot in your mouth. No, I... I love your foot. You might as well forget it. That's the best Florida guy. All right, John. Thank you. Hey, guys, you're old. Take it easy. Bye. Let's say I was at the glory hall. Shut up. Right? JD. And I'm on my knees. Oh, you've got so many issues. Why do I have issues? You're having a lot of problems today. Why? You've got to just keep your mouth shut. I know. I'm not. I'm coming off real bad today. I'm not explaining myself well today. One more quick thing about my buddy Rick. Yeah. All that aggression, that fighting with men stuff. That's gay. That's gay too. He just likes to touch guys. He can't wait to wrestle. He loves wrestling. He must love the crotch hold. Actually, his crotch was on my face. Wow, there you go. He loves it. Oh, my God. Beautiful. You're a little too much information. I don't know what he liked being reading, man, after all the hypothetical things that are happening. Before or after the show. Psycho Mark in the studio. Psycho Mark, what? His crotch was in my face. We're going to isolate that for months. Yeah, that's a good clip. I hear a Ricky Martin song coming on. Thank you, JD. Have a good one. Bye. Was he shaking his bonbon at you? Yeah, both of them. Freak! All right, man. So Mark, why do you live with a gay guy? Because I'm not afraid to. That's why. I'm just asking. That's all. Look at the position Mark's in right now. You're not. You're leaning over the console. Here we go. Everything's gay in this video. Yeah, this is getting a little too gay, man. I know. I'll tell you the truth. All right, there's another scenario for me. This could be good. Hello? Yeah, hi. Okay, you're in a bar hanging out with a buddy of yours. Yeah. Right? And you both meet the same girl. She goes, I want to take you back home and do both of you. What are you going to do? I'm not kidding. Besides putting my foot in my mouth, I'd have a real tough time doing that. You wouldn't. It could be the hottest girl in the world and you wouldn't take her home with you just because she wants to do you and your buddy at the same time. Could we be in like separate rooms or something? No, no, no. She wants two guys and she's a stranger. She don't know her. You're in love with her. I'm all kidding aside. Aunt and I have discussed this. And both of us said no way. We wouldn't be able to do it. All right. Now you're making it sound like we discussed it because the opportunity. No, no, not for us. No, no, no, no. You absolutely made it sound that way. We don't have to explain everything on the show. No, we have this. Dude, you totally made it sound like that. All right. But I mean, no, this topic came up and if I was in a situation with another person that happens to be a male and a girl and the girl was hot, I don't think I could do it. But there was a bunch of guys that called up laughing saying, what's the big deal? I did it and it was no problem. Might as well just get into pornos. Get paid for. All right, look. All righty. All right. This is getting a little too gay. This whole conversation is getting a little gay. Where's the Norm clip? We got to end this segment with Norm clip. Yeah, absolutely. We'll take one more abuse call from me while we find the Norm clip. Frank, what's up? I knew it. You were on the chest. You were Ricky Martin. I know it. That's out of the bag. All right. Thank you, Frank. You're welcome. All these idiots coming up with scenarios. Steve, you're next. What's up? Albie, if you were in bed with two hot babes and one of them pulled out a strap on, how would you feel about that? This guy's laughing his ass off. You just got to be here when someone puts their foot in their mouth. It's just not fun. You put your own foot in your mouth two times today. I know. Thank you, Steve. What's the instant feedback saying there, Ann? Anything good on there? There's nothing on the instant feedback. Joe. Hey. Using Opie. What's up? Besides the fact that you put your foot in your mouth, I guess you got other things going in your mouth, too. Rick Crutch. There's no way to win this. Where is that? Como. Thank you. Where is that? Norm. We're trying to find Norm. That gay. There's a girl on the line, Donna, who supports me, hopefully. There you go. Donna? Hi. I support you. I understand when you say that you would be mad if you saw a guy kissing your girl. That's how the girl, that girl that was on the phone, that's what she meant when she said that. Right. It's like you don't want somebody else kissing what's yours or whatever, but it still is funny when you're a fag. Bye. Thank you, Donna. I think I made my point somewhere in there, hopefully. Somewhere. If not, screw you all. I hate you all. If all y'all. I hate all y'all. All right. We'll end with our favorite clip that we've played a million times, and we'll be back with more of the Opium Anthony Show. Have you ever done anything in your long and storied career that you consider specifically to be in bad taste, as you look back on it? Maybe at the time you thought it was a good play, but you look back on it and you think that was in bad taste. Well, sometimes in stand-up, I'll do jokes that I think ... One time I was doing this thing in San Francisco, and there were all gay people in the audience, they told me. In San Francisco? No. So I figured I'd do stuff about gay people so that they could relate to it. Yeah, it's a warm up. They love that. And so I was talking about ... Because I went to this gay pride parade, and I saw in it there were these old men and old ladies with these signs that said, we are proud of our gay son. And so I was saying, that's an odd thing to be proud of, because it's not an achievement. It's not like something you work all your life to be gay or anything like that. And I just wondered, I had a hard time believing that these 50, 60 year old men are actually bragging. I worked like, hey Bill, my kid, oh my God, we're proud of him, Johnny. He graduated from Harvard, first in his class, you know what I mean? Now he's articling over at the law firm, and oh yeah, he loves ****. He can't get enough **** in his mouth, his ass, his kids always come ... I got a picture of the boy here sucking another man's ****. This one is called Gerbil. I bought a gerbil at the petting zoo. If Richard Gere can do it, I can too. I get undressed, I start to lube. I stick the gerbil in the end of the tube. Wondering just how he'll feel. Will he like it better than his little wheel? Careful now, he's right beside me. One more inch and he's inside me. Go, gerbil, go. Borrow harder, borrow deeper. Be my little chimney sweeper. One thing I forgot about. How am I supposed to get you out? So now my gerbil's on easy street. It's warm and cozy and there's plenty to eat. The situation is beyond my control. Gotta find a way to get him out of his control. I try crowbars, I try wires. I almost hurt him with a pair of pliers. I try cheese but he's not biting. I wish this wasn't so exciting. Go, gerbil, go. Jesus, I am such a sucker. Please get out, you furry. I think I am getting ill. Suddenly he's very, very still. Now it's too late, my gerbil died. I guess I have committed gerbicide. Here's some advice, it's very clear cop. If you love your gerbil, go stick him up your butt. Go stick him up your butt. Little furry gerbil in your booty hole. Alright, the gerbil song. The only time you'll ever hear that on the radio. Hope you taped it. See you in a little bit, everyone. It's the Anthony Show. Okay, terrific. 1027 WNAW, it's Opie and Anthony. Every day our support stops by. Today it's Steve from The Unofficial Website and Sickboy from XWrestling.com. Sickboy is going to be in studio tomorrow with The Rock interview. Rock coming into the studio tomorrow, Anthony. How excited are you? Finally, The Rock has come back. Well, he's never been here. I'll probably say it anyway. He probably will. I just pray he comes in character. I just pray. I'm a huge mankind fan. When they were in Jersey and we had them on the ISDN line, we were so excited, we thought he was going to be in character. We were going to have so much fun with him. He was just like Greg McFauley. It was such a letdown. We were so bummed. Well, some people are fun when they're out of character, like Al Snow. Very funny just being Al Snow. The second time around was really good. Jericho in character, knew how to play the game. You know, we get requests for that damn Chris Jericho interview every single day. We should re-play it. We get emails about it asking to put it up on the site. Really? I heard about maybe a month after we did that, he was on with Kane, I guess, over at K-Rock. Just awful. It's like how can you fail with Jericho? I mean, the guy is on all the time. He was on. He was trying, but it was obvious Kane was too cool to even be talking to him. All those guys over there, they're too cool for the role. Exactly. So we couldn't even have fun with them. I'm on K-Rock. That's all I'm asked. I don't even need to try to do a radio show. I'm just too cool. I don't want anyone to even think I stopped by wrestling even while I'm just flipping through the channels. I couldn't know anything about that. Kane's doing VH1 now too, so that sort of doubles up. Oh yeah. But did we re-play the Chris Jericho interview during Wyrstov? I don't remember. We did? Let's find out for tomorrow. We had requested it, but I don't think it ever got on. We've got to find the Chris Jericho. And the funny thing is, Ant and I have to take the credit for the change in hairstyle of Chris Jericho. Oh, we don't completely take credit for that. The sperm fountain. We said it looked like a sperm fountain on top of his head. Absolutely. We made so many homo references to the poor guy. And the next time he was on Raw, his hair was completely different. Yeah, he pulled it way back down on the back of his head. It wasn't sticking up on top. I think I called him Pebble Splinstone. It's like the next time you saw him, it was down. We definitely have to take credit for that. Have to. Oh man, but it's going to be something having the rock in here. Maybe Rick could piss him off and he could give him the rock bottom and then the people's elbow on Rick's head. That would be amazing. Or maybe Spaz can get the people's elbow. Oh, wait a minute. I just remembered something. In the Raw article that you and I did, didn't I say that I wanted the people's elbow to be down? Yes, you did. Right to the forehead. Yeah, you did say that. That's right. January 2000 issue of Raw featuring L&A. Well, who stands now? Absolutely. We'd like to bring that up. Oh no. I went on record in that magazine as saying I thought Rock was one of the funniest, most entertaining of the WWF. Because, on the other hand, the magazine. He's got it. Because he's just funny. I mean, to see him this past, what was that, Raw? Monday? Last night? Two nights ago. Yeah. Hysterical. The guy is consistently funny. I mean, people might think some of his act is running a little thin. I still laugh my bag off every time he goes, you know, what's your name? I don't think it... It doesn't matter what you... I don't think his act is running thin at all. And I think some people have said that on XWrestling.com. I've read some of the postings. Yeah, a lot of people are saying that his gimmick is stale and all that. I think he's just as God damn funny as he was when he started this, you know, kind of version of the rock gimmick. He's just been not only consistently funny, but consistently entertaining in the ring, on the mic. I mean, with that said, he's the number one guy. He's the hot dog. And you realize how good he is on the mic when you see the people that are really bad on the mic. Yeah, especially if they're doing dueling stuff with the rock. Oh, my God. It's just awful. No match. Sickboy is trying to find my quote in the January issue of Raw Magazine. I know it's in here somewhere. I think it's near the end, actually. I think it was one of the last things I said in that article. Right there. Right there. Yeah, there it is. Yeah. Oh, no, here it is. O.B. agrees exactly. I want the people's elbow in my forehead. He asked for it. It gets the chance tomorrow, eh? He'll throw his little elbow pad off into the crowd. I just hope we're not disappointed. We'll be all excited. And he'll be like, yeah, you know, I'm the rock. If you smell what I'm cooking, buy my book. Well, Rock, what about your battle now with the McMan Helmsley era? Well, right now I'm battling to sell my books. It'll just be like, oh, come on. Don't do this. Don't do this. Don't do it. We're very excited about tomorrow. Stan, you're next. What's up? I was wondering what happened to the Undertaker. Where is he at or what's the story line with him? Recovering from a groin injury. Ow. Every week they keep saying the Undertaker is going to be back this Monday on Raw. And it never happens. They're expecting him to be back on television in some capacity before the Royal Rumble. But that's only a few weeks away. So I don't know if that's going to happen. I think it probably would have happened already. But I imagine he'll probably be back within the next month. As Jim Ross stated recently on WWF. Killing nicely. We got ourselves all fancy with Slabberknocker here, Kane. Slabberknocker. Here's my prediction the way the Undertaker comes back as Kane. That's what I think. It's happened a couple of times before where he dresses up as Kane. I think it would be kind of Cole pulling the mask off. Everyone will kind of forget that the Undertaker's done that before. Think Kane is pulling his mask off. And bam, it's the Undertaker. That'd be cool. What's going on with Hulk Hogan? Nobody knows. Everybody kind of assumed that when Vince Russo and Ed Ferrer... Everyone knows brother. ...WCW. Brother. Brother. Brother and brah. Which I'll never understand. What a tall neck. Alan, you're next. What's up? Yeah, what's up, man? Hey, man. I really want to know... Hey, Alan. Alan. Yes. What's up with that whole China and Jericho thing? I think they're going to fight for another year. I'm kind of bored with that story myself. I know they're able to. That's going to turn out forever. Yeah. Hopefully it's going to be done soon. All right. All right. I hope Jericho offers some guys in the ring for God's sake. Sal, what's going on? I'm going to phrase it a little differently. I was just wondering... Perhaps. Thank you, sick boy. Sal? Have a wrestling with the guys. Go ahead, Sal. Oh, yeah. I was just wondering what's going on with mankind. Is he coming back or something? Is Vince McMahon going to do another one of those things when all of a sudden they'll just bring someone back or something like that? Or is it going to be he's really gone? I think it's real obvious what's going to happen. It's Cactus Jack. That's right. They're making the big return. They fired mankind, not Cactus Jack. Oh, okay. Because when he appeared on... Was it Raw this week or was it back down last week? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. If I think about last week and They're dragging it out a little too long. It's like what those are for. Richie, what's up? Yeah, hey, did you guys see WWF when mankind did This Is Your Life The Rock? Yeah. Holy cow. I was there for it. Poor little old lady. The Rock goes, you remember when you never used to let The Rock make pancakes? All you wanted The Rock to do was make donuts. It was the funniest thing ever. And then the girl, he goes, you never let The Rock eat your pie. Hey, guys, you're kicking ass. I tell you. Yeah, we encourage you guys to call in with all your Rock stuff tomorrow. I think we got him for like an hour. So I just hope he's going to be cool. Someone wants Fight Club 2000, the first installment, OP versus The Rock. So he can give you the people's help. I would totally rip you a new ass. I would take the people's help, though. Would you? Why not? Oh, Matt, what's up? Hey, what's up, guys? All right. We've been seeing the orange symbol, and I know it has to do with Taz, but the orange symbol has all but disappeared lately. And I was wondering, when is Taz going to come in and take everyone's air and choke everyone out and dump them on their head? Well, Rumble, when is supposed to debut? Could be sooner. Could be after that. I mean, I don't even think they have it all figured out yet. But it's going to be within the next few weeks, without a doubt. All right. Matt, thank you. All right. Dan, what's going on? Yeah, what's up? All right. Is it just me, or does Rakishi Fatu look a lot like Yokozuna? He's Yoko's cousin. That's why. If you really look at him, he looks a lot like Yokozuna. Yeah, he's Yokozuna's cousin. That's why they look alike. No, I... Well, the only thing I've been trying to hide is that it wasn't Yokozuna, and I think that's how they brought him back. No, it's not Yoko. It's his cousin. All right, whatever. All right, man. His real name is Rakishi Fatu. I'm finally going to sound it. Hello. Moron. Hello. Yeah, Angela. My name is Anton. Anton. Yeah. What up? What up? I got a... Actually, somebody already asked my question, but I got a question. When the hell is Taz going to show up instead of they doing that crappy orange cymbal? Didn't we just answer that? Yeah, we just answered that. Royal Rumble, or maybe a week or so after that. Are we on delay in the radio station, too? Yeah, really. Studio delay? Someone has a question about Ken Shamrock. I hear rumors he's coming back. Is that true? Yeah, it's been going around the last few weeks that him, The Undertaker, Jack Dis Jack, and Vince will all be back within the next four to five weeks. And the Stephanie thing, you think that's going to play out soon? Hopefully. I think it's fun and all, but... Yeah, I think it's going to drag out for... Another six months, knowing the WWE. Yeah. I would say a minimum of another month, because it all depends on how long they wait to bring back Vince and Shane. Right. But knowing them, it will drag out until like friggin' SummerSlam, you know? I think Stephanie's reached peak hotness without working out. Yeah. Like she's got to now start really working at her bod. But she's got a set of guns on. Hell yeah. She's got some cans. It's amazing what they turned her into. Yeah, I always thought she was pretty airtight. Yeah, and the hair, and she's got like the slut pants on and stuff. I always thought she was kind of frumpy, and then they're like, whoa, look at her. But her bod, she's got to like, if she does a little work on it, because she's a big girl. She's pretty tall and everything. And then she's got to stop making that Shane McMahon, I just smelt the bad fuck face. You know? She keeps doing that. Yeah, he puckers up the lips and brings them up to her nose and says, like, all right. She's not making that face. If it wasn't for that, Vince's chin, which she unfortunately has, and a big dumper, she'd be like perfect. Big dumper, yeah. You know, it's really hysterical. Vince's coming in here tomorrow, right? No, no, no, man. Oh, he loves his stuff, though. We trashed his daughter right to his face. The pictures up on the Jumbo-Tron of Triple H. The worst shots they ever could have gotten in a million years and put them on either side of the goddamn table. I laugh every time they come on the screen, because they're that funny. Because all you see in the shot of her is the chin and Triple H's nose. It's like, oh, it stands out. It's so hysterical, man. Triple H getting damn funny with that whole Chinese guy thing he was doing. Hung low. Hung low. Have a bad day. Have a bad day. Hey, McFowry. Too funny. All right. And obviously Stephanie taking care of business her way, and that's how that's going to end up. Yeah. I think that's pretty obvious to everyone, though. Absolutely. Andy, what's up? Hey, I heard you guys talking about the Hell in the Cell match. What did you think about the latter match? I went on record and said that was the best match I've ever seen. Those four guys are the most unbelievable wrestlers I've ever seen. Yeah. They bring so much to the show. And I don't know why one of those two teams isn't the Tag Champs instead of those other two idiots. Well, who the hell has belts? I don't even remember. I don't know. They've been changing hands so many times. I think the Outlaws have it right now. And they're awful. Very good, bud. All right, man. Yeah, they've lost their heat, huh? Big time. They've done the Outlaws. I think DX is pretty intense. Jason! Oh, you didn't know? No, we just don't care. We've missed out on paying attention, bro. I got a question for you. Jesus. Yeah, go ahead, Jason. I've watched wrestling since I was a kid, maybe 10 years ago. And I used to see like Sergeant Flatter and Bob Backelin and the Iron Sheik. What happened to those guys? Do you guys know what happened to them? The Sheik works like indie shows all around the country, believe it or not. He does a lot of professional wrestling. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He's a great wrestler. He wants to run for president eventually too. The guy's out of his mind. Is he a cook or is he like, does he have something to say? I just think he's a complete nut. He was campaigning at the Metal Lands on the October 4th Raw. And everybody was just laughing at him. Nobody even knew what the hell he was campaigning for. Alright guys, thanks a lot. Thank you. You guys rock. I think we're done with wrestling. People love it, people hate it. Austin, what's going on with that? Let's say it's just a few days away from his next surgery. His surgery? Yeah, he's going in on the 11th. He's definitely going to try to come back too, right? It's not over. Six to eight weeks of rehab. Then he's going to go through a two week evaluation period. So there's a possibility he could show up at some capacity at WrestleMania, which is I think the first weekend of April. Cool. Alright, sick boy. Always a pleasure. Friend of the show. Check out tomorrow for the rock interview. Check out xwrestling.com. Take a break and we'll be back with more stuff. Stay there. Sometimes you feel like a nut. Booty dooty. Sometimes you don't. You guys are going to burn in hell. OPM after this. 1027. 1027, double UNAW. It's the ONA shoot. Or not. It is Whip-Em-Out Wednesday. A little dark now. Well I know, but I mean we got to mention it just a little bit so it doesn't go completely away. Obviously it's something that works much better in the spring and summer. Oh yeah. And when the spring does hit in another what? Eight months. We'll bring it back in full force, but basically the guys with the wow in their cars and the women if they feel like it, whip out their lovely cans on the ride home. Whip-Em-Out Wednesday. We've been pretty lucky I think, to tell you the truth. When you think about it. Could have had snow in November. You know those winters where it's like oh it's snowing in November. We haven't even had any snow yet. Not in December. Nothing. It was what? 70 yesterday, 60, whatever it was. Yeah. It's going to be easy the rest of the week. A couple months. You start feeling it around St. Patty's Day. You start smelling spring. Booze. And booze. And puke. And puke in the streets. Ah, the smell of vomit in the streets. Vomit down Fifth Avenue. You could also smell the loose broads. Must be springtime in New York. Yes. Alright, I'm looking at the list of things we wanted to cover today and wow, we didn't do a good job at all. No. We did discuss ref, boy. We ran off at the mouth today. We did discuss strap-on lesbo sex. We didn't really discuss who wants to be the coach of the Jets because it's like whatever. It's been done to death. I know and every other station. I think Parcells has to come back though. I don't know. He has to save face and go, oh jeez. You think? Without a doubt. What are they going to do? I don't know. What the hell are they going to do? Without a doubt. Rumor has it that Jimmy Johnson wants to come to New York. Yeah. I don't know. I think Parcells comes back. And then the press will make a big deal that like Vinny talked him back into it. There's no good coach out there that could come to New York. Marty could come here, right? Schottenheimer. I think he's free. Who else is free? Jimmy Johnson. Ray Rhodes. Ray Rhodes? Parcells. There's a few candidates out there but look at our sports break. How about that? John Rocker thrown out of a bar twice in New Orleans. Really? Hilarious, man. When you shoot your mouth off like John Rocker has, you got to expect the abuse is going to come your way wherever you go. I guess he was down on Bourbon Street in New Orleans. Yeah. And drinking and stuff with some hot chick and like a couple of his buds and stuff. Niling. And they're pouring drinks from the balcony onto his head and then he wants to go on the balcony and beat the guy up. And it's just a whole scene down there. That's pretty good. So, and what else didn't we discuss today? Oh, the Ted and Jane thing. Who cares? Do you care that Ted Turner and Jane Fonda are splitting up, Ant? Do I care? Yeah. No. Although those numbers look pretty funny. What do you mean? Boy, you see how much cash he's got? Ted Turner? He's got a lot of money, yeah. It's like Ted and Jane. Let's see. Where is it? I have it in there. I think it's in the post. Like she's got a hell of a lot of money. Because she in her own right, here it is, movies and everything in that stupid workout video and she has some Time Warner stock. She's worth $219 million. $219 million. Okay. That's pretty good. Sure. You would think you could, you know, how old is she now? 60, I think. 62. 62. Alright, 62. You think with $219 million you could live out the rest of your life pretty comfortably? Very comfortably. Easily. And Ted, on the other hand, has $9.1 billion. Now you know damn well that this twat is going to want half of his $9.1 billion. Yes, she is. And do you think she deserves half it? Absolutely not. What the hell did she do? She's got $53 million of Time Warner stock that she wouldn't have had if it wasn't for this guy. Jesus Christ. So you think it's not fair? Absolutely not. Okay. Well, you know there was a prenup, you know, that set up. I mean, yeah. How long have they been married though? I mean, how much? I don't know. It seems like forever we've seen them falling asleep at baseball games. Doesn't it seem like, I don't know, years? It's like eight or ten years. That's it? Yeah. That's a long time. I thought it was longer than that though. Because I didn't get it. I don't know. Who cares? Well, I'm just looking at the numbers. The numbers. All right. We didn't really get to touch on Rosie O'Donnell adopting a third child. What's this woman doing? Eating them? I knew you were another one. The first two were real tasty. Yeah. God, a third kid. You ever feel bad for like dogs walking down the street? You look at their owner and go, that poor dog has no clue as owners of like a third bag or like ugly or just stupid. You know, I have something. I have something. You feel so freaking sorry for the pets. Poor damn dog. You know, you just want a dog to be in a house with the American family and playing ball in the yard with the kid. Sure. But even serial killers have little puppies and dogs and stuff, you know? Yeah. You know, you feel bad for them. Sometimes you see some guy dragging a dog around and you're like, I just feel bad. I got to feel bad for these O'Donnell kids. They're being adopted by her. Yeah, okay. They got the cash and stuff. But look, you're going to have like dichorama going on in the house. I don't know. She says she keeps a male like a father figure. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, the paper said a male nanny. Male nanny, yeah. That's even worse than having two moms, let's say. That's what she said is the father figure, like the male nanny. How many male nannies do you know, Anthony? None. None? Let's say none. Yes, none. I rechecked and it is none. Male nanny. You got Rosie O'Donnell as a mother and a male nanny being around. It's still two homos. Christ. Male nanny. The kid's going to be screwed up either way. Rather. The equation still doesn't work no matter how you slice it. No, that's great. We could look forward to seeing her and her three kids at the women's basketball games. And in rehab. WNDA? Yeah. She's not going to stop there though. She wants like a huge family. She'll probably end up adopting seven or eight kids. Oh, good, great. Mia Farrow and those three kids. She loves Mia Farrow. Yeah, she looks up to her. Look how great some of those kids turned out. Oh, yeah. So do I. And Woody. I think we discussed everything else today, yeah? Yeah, pretty much. We yelled and screamed at Letterman for bumping Adam last night. How a lot of piss off that is. We didn't get to play. You might be a homo if today. That could have been fun. That's always a game for the future. What do you think? We'll never again speak of homo issues. We're due for a line. This is like Homo Central. Five minutes from now. This is the longest we've gone without saying something homo. I don't know what it is. Like a whole 17 seconds. I don't know what it is. I think it's just something about when you hang out with your friends. Shut up, you fag. Hey, homo. What are you doing over there? Just constantly you're throwing that fag thing at your friends. You're like just throwing the word. You're fag. All right, Ant. I think this is a good time to play. What other did we learn on the Open Anthony show? I'll start, nothing. I didn't learn a damn thing today. Well, the listeners always come up with some good stuff. 212-757-1027 as we wait for the phone calls to pop in here. Don't forget tomorrow on the show, The Rock from the WWF. Very excited about that tomorrow live in our studio. And I think we've got Jeffery Ross coming in tomorrow possibly as well. Oh, yeah? The roaster who was very, very funny the last time he was in here with Jimmy Kimmel. I think we set that up. I'm not positive, though. All right, let's start off. What did we learn on the Open Anthony show today with Mike? Mike, what's up? Hey, what's up? How are you? All right. Hey, I learned that Opie managed to put his foot in his mouth. I was wondering what he was going to reach for next. Yeah, I put my foot in my mouth a couple of times today. All right, man. Thank you. All right, you guys. You guys bulge. All right. It better get a little better than that or we're going to cut the show off. Dan, what's up? Hey, guys. I learned that Ricky Martin, if the singing career doesn't work out, he's going to become a male man for Rosie O'Donnell. That's good. I'll get ahead. All right. Thank you. Bye. I need another baby. Send me another baby. Get in my belly. In my belly. I want my baby back. Baby back. Baby back. Baby back. Marty. Charlie. Hello, Marty. He stole that movie, by the way. Oh, hey. Yeah, what's up, Marty? Well, we learned that you change the core letter three times in three days. It was N-E-W on Monday, W-A-Y-H on Tuesday, for what are you high, and today it's W-G-A-Y. Yeah. All right, man. Thank you. All right. We're striking out today, gang. He's a little trying at being clever there. We're limping to the finish line. Len, you're next. What did we learn on the Opiate Anthony show today? I learned that Double N and Dildos make great radio antennas. Yeah. Bravo. Now, that's the stuff we're looking for. All right, have a good one. Thank you, Len. Uh, Damon, what's going on? Damon. Kill spaz. What's your name? Hey, hey. Dude, you're on the air. Yeah, he knows. He's trying to listen to himself. Wow, this went nowhere today. See, they did learn nothing. They're just resting their land. Man, that's what it is. You plunk them down and... Exactly. Only this time there's bullets in every chamber. We keep shooting ourselves over here. And we're so pathetic we keep trying to make something happen, you know? Oh, like there's nothing... What's this weak stuff, white man? I'm ready to pack it in. You're trolling. I'm trolling. We got three minutes before... Come on! Come on! Oh-ho! Have you honestly listened to him? Um, I gotta say when we're in the office and it's on the PA, I listen to it for the time it takes me to lunge at it and turn it off. And then if I'm in my truck and I start it up and any W is left on from my drive-in listening to the chick, that split second till I could change the station. But that's about it. That's about it. When did he start? Like mid-September? Yeah. I think I listened for the first two weeks. I have no clue. I have not listened in at least two months. And you'd think, you know, after everything, we would have listened at least during the holidays to see if there was some fun Yule log stories. Nothing. Nothing. You only heard that on this show on more stuff. Yes. What a Yule log. Hey, Dave, you're next. What did you learn on the show today? I learned that anybody who thinks that one woman doing another with strap-on is not sexy should be riding the jet ski with Ricky Martin. All right, very good. So you're into the strap-on Lesbo set. Oh, how could you beat it? All right, very good. Speaking of which, give me my penthouse back. Yes. That's where we got it from. Always makes for some good looks on the Long Island railroad on the way home. As you just casually open it up like this and you sit across from someone, you're just like... On the train. Oh, man, you get the most horrific looks. They're great. All right, I mean, you guys let us down today at the end of the show. Struck out on the learning thing. Well, some days, I guess, teachers in school feel the same way. Bell rings, the class leaves, and they feel they've accomplished nothing. We should have changed the question at the end of the show today to you might be a homo-if. That would have worked a lot better today. Maybe tomorrow. Hope should shut mouth. I'm going to go home. I'm going to go home. I'm going to go home. Shut mouth. Hope getting in touch with feminine side. Hope developed taste for man crotch. See that? I would go to it, but it's based on... Enough? Yeah. Learn a little of homo in everyone. What? Tim! A little bit of homo. No, let me clarify this first. He got it wrong. All right, go ahead, Tim. I said not to take it the wrong way. There's a little bit of homo in all of us, but there's a hell of a lot more in you, Opie. In all ways mentioned. Thank you. All right. What an idiot. We want to finish on an up note. We try every night to finish on an up note. Too late. There's just nothing there. All right. Checking the radio message board. I think he still has it shut down, Opie. Oh, yeah, because I'm sure our listeners are still pounding that. We'll wait until after we're off the air. There is a link on the unofficial website. Do we have to give these away tonight, or can we wait until tomorrow? We can wait until tomorrow. All right. Foundrymusic.com, by the way. Yes. S-O-U-M-D. It's Skitspaz and you're healing out. Exactly. Steve's here from the unofficial website, foundrymusic.com. And Sickboy, thanks for stopping by from xwrestling.com. And with that, see, I'm trying, but there's just nothing on the phone. So we'll see you guys tomorrow too. Thanks for listening. We hope you had a good evening. What is Mr. Cricket doing here? Don't even try to figure it out. Just go along with it. Whatever. 1027.