 One must know evil before he can condemn it. Opie. One must see evil before he can denounce it. Anthony. This is disgusting and it's very, very cool. How? F.N. What? 1027 W-A-W, it's Opie, it's Anthony, it's Lewis Black from The Daily Show on Comedy Central. If you want to talk to Lewis about anything that's going on in the news locally, nationally, whatever, give us a call. 212-757-1027. I guess we need Lewis' take on Hillary, the carpet bagger. I'd say it's really worth it, here. I don't know, that's the least of my worries, you know? Why do they even bring that up? Who cares? That she's a carpet bagger? I, you know, we, you know, any, that would be a good, you know, if somebody, if there was a good carpet bagger, it'd be good, wouldn't it? But she's not a good carpet bagger, so don't worry about it. The fact is, is we wrote a law that says somebody can live here for a day, which is about all it takes to become one of us schmucks. So, I mean, you know, what's the degree of difficulty? You don't worry about that, but the fact is, it's not that she's a girl, who cares about it? It's that she's Hillary Clinton, that's worse, dragging that baggage around. Look, I've already lived with that peckerwood down there for eight years. I don't need her sashaying about, you know, so I gotta go through this for another six, so that 14 years of my life, I gotta spend at least some part of the day thinking, who, who, this guy got his winky bone by a 21-year-old. I don't care what happens, I don't care what occurs for the rest of my life. Whenever you see him, at some point, you go, oh yeah, that's him, first lady, oh, oh, I forgot her winky bone, yeah, that's me. At some point, that's what you think, and I'm tired of it. That means Chelsea, that, I gotta watch her, oh, what happened to her, oh, poor girl, oh boy, son of a gun. She was on a boat with the Kennedys this week. I saw it, I just, see that, I took my leg, I said wow, that's the difference between us and them, wouldn't see us on a boat with them. No, no, no, no. And, and, you know, if I was her, I wouldn't go anywhere with any Kennedys at this point. You know, why are they, why are they boating, too, if you're a Kennedys, I think you should just be in a cryogenic freeze chamber. Something like just, all right, just don't touch me, don't look at me, I'm a Kennedys, you never know, a boulder's gonna fall out. But apparently the women, the women seem never to die, if you notice that. That's true. They live forever. They are already cryogenically frozen, just give them lobotomy. Yeah, this one came out a little retarded. Put a couple of bolts through the head. Yeah, boy, that's a good one, you know, here was the angry one, who were able to get rid of that problem. But you got, but you got Hillary, who I think, I'm getting the thing, maybe, you know, what, maybe, what if she's got a d***? Maybe. No, really, seriously, what if she's got a d***? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, I know they dumped out of that, so you're wondering if, uh, then maybe. Oh, they did? Then maybe. You're wondering, possibly that Hillary might have a schwee. Yeah, oh yeah, sorry. Okay, sorry, something like that. I never know what the rules are here. Well, they don't, they've up the rules lately, since you've been here. I'm really, I apologize. That's okay. Please, all of you out there who don't, who never even seen one, I apologize. I call it a pesky. So Hillary's got, you know, what if she does have a d***? I wouldn't doubt it. You know, and that's the reason. Right. That's the reason that the whole thing has been like this. And then we're, and that's the sad thing, and then we're going to have to learn this, like, you know, when she's 77 and she finally says, Oh, here, you know, we got a picture of her and Mike Hustler showing her schwee. At the very end of the career. And then she's, you know, and the other thing is, is so irksome about it, is then, she's running against Giuliani. And the only reason, you know, I vote for Giuliani is to get him out of here. You know? I mean, it's like, I don't need him running around as a representative of us. Okay? That kind of autocratic, you know, son of a, you know, it's like, he's hugging and then what's his name? Yes, they just hit me, Michael Moore, give me a noogie. That was, oh, please. Don't give me noogies. You're ruining my comb over. He's suffering fricking tannery. You know, and the thing, I mean, I'll never get over it. I mean, Giuliani took so much credit for what went on here. Right. I will never, I have no truck with him. You know, we lived here. If we didn't live here, he wouldn't have a city. The idiot, all right, okay, man, I was like, you know, I'm going to take care of gridlock. Oh, I'm glad he's taking care of gridlock. Okay, something to do. At least they're not out pounding people this week. You know? I mean, I think the cops do a great job here, but it's like, you know, with him, like kind of revving them up, you know, I just kind of feel it. Something's wrong. It's just wrong. We need a third choice, I believe. We need a third choice. And I think, I think some sort of animal. That's how I always believe. I was thinking ex-wrestler, maybe animal, you know, there's a few more ex-wrestlers out there we can pick. You know, Ventura is absolute proof that Minnesota is not filled with the social drinkers. They're a land of alcoholics. But you know what the dream come true would be? That this trend continues and every state has their own wrestler governor. That's right. They could just get there and go, listen here, Minnesota, I'm coming for you. You know, you're all hopped up with your revenue and stuff. And we've been down in the dumps, but we're coming back. Legalized prostitution. And that's always good. It's always good for the state and the family to see the governor in a wrestling ring, a referee. Oh, yeah, yeah, that's good. That's always good. You know, that's always a nice, tasteful thing. I don't know who the third party should be. Big, giant tortoise. What's a big tortoise? Just a big tortoise, some big sand tortoise. And you've got a yes side to no side. You ask them a question and they're like, yes, it's a mope. That's it. That's the way we go. The damn thing would win, man. Just vote for the big tortoise. And then the presidential thing is enough. I'm nauseous. So that Bush. Bush in the cocaine, what do you think? Didn't do it. Didn't do it. Isn't it unbelievable? It keeps backing off seven years, four and a half years, nine, 12, one or eight, 16. I fight. Once you started open the can of worms, it's like, first off, I don't like looking at him either. All it does is remind me of his father and I'm like, oh, oh, younger and creepier. Oh, oh, that's what spawned the older one. Oh, I just don't get it. I mean, you know, you did cocaine. If you didn't, help. Just say it. Just say it. What's the big deal? Not going to play by those rules. Not going to play by those rules. Not going to play. It sounds just like him, doesn't it? He does. Not going to play. Going to distract you by electrocuting some more Negroes. And you know, they say, you know, this is the main thing with him is just that he's leading the polls. Nobody knows who he is. Nobody knows. I mean, I was in Arizona last week and there's a few of them go, oh, you know, I said George W. Bush, they go, hoo-hoo. I'm going, you don't even know who he is. They get out. What are you? What are you doing? I'm going, you know, I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. I'm going to go to the polls. You could possibly be worried about what? What? The fact that she's speaking aloud, that's the end of it. You're kind of, because it forces you to drift out. I find myself drifting out. I wake up. I don't know why I'm in the room. Son of a gun. And meanwhile, Regis is becoming a gazillionaire. All of a sudden, Regis falls in on a show where it is like, you know, every day I got to read about that. I know. How little is happening. Oh my God, this is the greatest show ever. Oh man, people are going to have a big, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it's insanity. Every day. And he's becoming popular. Meanwhile, his hair is becoming a color that I don't think exists on the human spectrum. Traol is putting out Regis White. Have you watched that show? Oh yeah. Yeah. You look out, you guys, I've had it. I know. Well, we've got to check out this stuff so we can riff on it a little bit. I should, but I'm unable to bring myself to sit down and watch it. It's like getting to your taxes or anything else. Eventually, you got to do it, you know. What is this, like three more days of it or something like that? Something like that, yeah. Oh man, oh God. I'm saving television, Gohmins. Good, Kathy Lee, a Cleveland Steamer. Dudes with dudes. I think every time we open our mouths, we're pissing someone off. Both of you, Anthony. We're out of control. We're so lucky. All right, knock it off. 1027. What is this stupid thing we've got to do in here? Don't even try to figure it out. Just go along with it. What happened? 1027. Hello? Hello, sir. I'm an elderly gentleman and I need a motorized scooter. They call my name's Bill. What's your name, sir? They call my name's Bill. Bill? Yes. Have you seen any particular type that you like? I liked the little rascal. The rascal? I saw that on TV. I'm a little rascal. I'm a little rascal in my little rascal. Uh-huh. Is what the woman said. That's what the woman said, huh? And she's getting around, she's shopping and eating ice cream. How fast does it go, sir? The fastest is about five miles an hour. I flew a P-51 Mustang in the big one. Yeah, it won't go that fast. Oh, it won't? No. I need also a room in the back for an oxygen tank because I'm on oxygen. Oh, I see. And it's got to have good suspension because I don't want my colostomy bag dislodging. No, you don't want that either. No. The bigger machines will have like a spring suspension in the front. Oh, boy. My friend Petey's got one and it's a real chick magnet. He goes around at the bingo game and he gives the girls rides on the back. Can I get a two-seater? No, you can't get a two-seater. But I can't be jostled around too much. I got a prostate like a porcupine. Oh, I see. That's kind of tough. You can stop by our showroom. We have three or four models on the floor and we get them in. Excuse me, sir. How the hell am I supposed to get there? You're not driving anymore? No. I drove in a lake and they took my car away. Oh, I see. Can I take one of these like on major highways? No, you cannot. Because my grandson lives far away and I like to play some ball with him. No, you can't do that. I can't? No. The furthest they'll go is about 24, 25 miles. Is that the furthest range? Yeah, and they go about five miles an hour. So you'd be kind of lost on the highway, don't you think? I don't have much. I have nothing else to do. What else am I going to do with my time? If it takes me two hours to get 10 miles, I don't care. Also, I lost my arm in the big one. Oh, you did? Do you have any kind of catapult so I could play ball with my grandson? Like a pitching arm or something? No. They call my name's Bill. Could you just come over and shoot me in the head? No. I mean, hell, I was big once. I was in the war. I was a commander. And now I got to drive on a three-wheel battery powered scooter? Yes, sir. This is degrading. It is degrading. Sam, could you just shoot me? Could you take a goddamn gun and shoot me in the freaking head? No, I don't think so. Come down. Put my head under a wheel of one of the scooters and hit go. I don't think they would do anything. Could you do that to me, Tony? No, I don't think so. They just hit me in the brain stem with a ball-peen hammer, Sam. Could you do that? No, no, I don't think so. I mean, hell, I haven't been laid since the Kaiser was in Germany, for Christ's sake. I have big baloney breasts. I haven't seen a naked woman in 42 years. That's a long time. Do you know what that's like? My pants are up to my nipples and I'm calling for a scooter. What's your last name, Bill? I have wrap-around eyeglasses that look like the freaking Terminator, Sam. I've lived for 85 years. It's enough already, for Christ's sake. Kill me! Could someone just kill me? My name is Bill. They call my name Bill. Oh, Jesus. My teeth just fell off. My freaking teeth. I spit my teeth out of my head. Kill me! Somebody just kill me, for Christ's sake! Hey, hey! The Opie and Anthony Show. I have no clue what anybody's saying, but it's the funniest damn show. More stupidity on the way. 1027. 1027 WNW, it's The Opie and Anthony Show. Hey. Sorry. Off to another fine start today, Anthony? Yes. Right off the bat, what the hell are mic flags around here now? What is this? Is this the cheesiest? It's pieces of paper that say 1027 WNW on little square things. Let's rip it off and get a man. Ah, see, they're on to me. They tighten the screw really tight. Oh, there we go. There we go. There we go. Na na na na na na na. We said we don't want any mic flags. There you go. There's yours. Be patient a couple of seconds. Our mics are back to normal. We keep telling people, Aunt and I can't see each other with these stupid huge mic flags and the microphones. We hate those mic flags. There are people around here that really need to get a real job. This is their job to put mic flags on the mic every day. There you go. I'm going to take this little FM Talk 10271 home, though. A little memento. I'll leave it over here in the corner. Much better. Hey, home. There you are. How are you? Good. I'm exhausted already. I know. We've had a great hour of radio so far. I think we've done enough today. Hey, give me the... God damn that thing. I hate that. Everyone steps on my effing headphones board. You know something? It might sound a little nitpicky. Can we get a jack where I sit? Where is your... The jack's like way over to my right. Everyone steps on it. Man, you're changing. Jay Moore almost took my head off. You're starting to get an attitude and stuff. That's what it is, Uncle. You're starting to get an attitude. I demand things, you know. I demand it. It's a plus. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. I'm going to get a jack. Well, it'll be on the unofficial website too. But oh my God, the picture, I don't know which one is more adorable. You sticking your head through the giant pumpkin cutout or you pulling the little red wagon with the pumpkin thing. I got to say though, thank you. I was hoping you were going to say it on your own without me having to point something out. That's very obvious in those pictures. Well, no, the one with you sticking through the pumpkin, I can't really see it as much. But pulling the wagon, I got to admit your face, you look like you really don't want to be there. No, I got to go with you. No, why? Because the Mets were in extra ratings at that point. We went over that whole story. I lost the reception at that point. So I had no choice to go pumpkin picking instead of watching and listening to the rest of the Met game. Pumpkin picking. Boy, those are some big pumpkins. I can't wait till those are up and running on some side or another. Caesar, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? I've been listening to you guys for like five or six months now. And unfortunately, I'm going to have to let you guys go for like three months because I'm off the boot camp. Boot camp? Yeah, I'm going to the Marines, Parris Island. Hey, congrats. Thanks. Is there any way you guys can maybe set me up with a banging before I leave, or something? When are you leaving? The 18th. I've got to be some, you know, girls crazy to bang them or something. I don't know. Well, dude, you got it. The reason we started my brother, my brother's off of going with me. Maybe we can put on a rotisserie or something. Got to do it. You have to. We have one rule on our radio show. It's such a distraction when we can hear the radio show in the background because we're on a 40 second delay. Yes. I keep telling you guys, if we hear the radio on when you're live on the air, we've got to just we just got to hang up on you. Because all the email comes in, people get really frustrated at all the really bad phone calls we get on this radio show. And one of the reasons is because people want to hear themselves on the radio. So they're distracted. They're trying to listen to the show and talk to us at the same time. Yeah. Turn your radio down, please. Everyone knows that already. Ed, what's going on? Yeah, I was wondering, is it official now that you're a pussy whip fag over here? Yeah. I mean, you know, on the New York radio message board, that's the latest rumor. That you're a fag? Yeah. Rumor or a fag? Rumor. The faithful listeners are pounding that thing. I feel sorry for Alan Smith and the rock and roll dentist. Hey, listen, Opie, I'm a conductor for the Long Island Marriott. Are you? Yeah. And I'll reserve the fag car for you if you want. The fag car? Yeah. It sounds like you know all about the fag car. That's me. You know it. But you love it. There's the beer car and there's the fag car that Ed runs. Instant feedback's coming in. A lot of them saying, when's the rock coming in? The rock is coming in at 5 o'clock today. We're very, very excited. We hope he's going to be excited to be on our fine radio show, Anthony. What was he on, The View this morning? He was on The View. With the Bobwe? That's a tough booking. The Rock on The View. Rock on The View. A bunch of old ladies watched The View. Any guy that's on The View. We got to ask him about that right off the bat, how it felt, because what is he going to get accomplished there? A guy on The View. Yeah, the audience isn't quite the wrestling demographic. No. I wouldn't think. It's a bunch of tea slurping old bags sit around watching The View. They're all as old as like Mae Young. Yeah. That watched The View. And any guy I've ever seen on there, it's like, why the hell would you go on The View? Our own pal from Comedy Central. What's his name? Going to be in tomorrow. Lewis Black? Lewis Black. Lewis Black was on The View. What the hell is Lewis Black doing on The View? It's their managers and stuff. It's their people. It's their handlers, Ant. They talk you into it. They say, hey, this would be good for you. We've had some offers to do certain shows. We've certain TV shows that we just deny. To be honest with you, I think we have denied everything. Every single TV offer that comes in, because you know why? We look like idiots doing it. Right. We know that. We don't have to be on TV. And then there's TV shows trying to split us up. Like, we only want Ant. Yeah. It's like, no. Stupid. Like sort of one of those Bill Maher shows. Oh, we did turn down. Politically incorrect. We did turn down politically incorrect, because we hate Bill Maher. The next time we see him, we're going to punch him in the face. Punch him in that huge forehead. But they wanted us to be like the announcer voice when he was filming here in New York. Yeah. We're not going to do it. We don't want to make him die. We think he sucks. Bill Maher. Meant some Fox show. Wanted us to do something. Local Fox show that runs at like 3.30 in the morning. Yeah. I want... You know, leave that to the public homes of the radio industry. We'll take exposure anyway we can get it, but... Not to make our own news. But we're still out drinking at 3.30. Yeah. If it was 5 a.m., then we would talk. Can't quite make it. Right. You didn't happen to see Tubby Tom's appearance on that MTV show? They rate... Oh, the list on the list. VH1. VH1. Whatever the hell it is. Boy, I'm not knowing much of anything today. I'm like, what is that? Who was that? Why? Who? I'm shocked. Tom Likers with his Down syndrome haircut. Oh my God. You know, he shouldn't go on TV. He really shouldn't. I don't get it. That Mongoloid hairdo, the Down syndrome haircut. What's he doing? God, I just... Come on! Can't stand him and can't stand his radio show. Can't stomach it. Try... you know, gave it a try for like five minutes. No, I'll be honest. I gave it a couple weeks. Five minutes in a clip. Tated him when I knew he was coming here. Said, all right, I will put all that aside even though we like battled in the beginning. I said, okay, I'll have an open mind. I think everyone should at least have an open mind. And then I listened as much as I could. And it's just God awful. It's just God awful. Horrid. Oh man. What? It's line two, Steve. Will Owen Hague do the Rosie O'Donnell show? Yeah. Steve! Yo, what's up? What's up? Why don't you guys go in Rosie? Yeah, Rosie. Come on. That's another show. Like what guy would go... what self-respecting man would go on that show? Some fake. Every day you see the guys in the audience. Oh my God. You know they're whips on the wide. I love you, Rosie. Rosie, I love you. Rosie would never have us on, first of all. Yeah. What's up with adopting this third child? Like give me a break. She's eating him. I'm trying to get her to eat it. She's eating it. She's snacking on him and she's halfway through the second one and she needs another. All right. I'll tell you. Give me the baby. I want that baby in my belly. I'll tell you what's up with that. Rosie wants to pretty much save the world. Yeah. And if it means like adopting 17 kids, she's going to do it. She's one of those. Save the world. But meanwhile, she thinks she's the type of person who is just all good. A perfect role model for everybody else. Right. So she's going to adopt these children and take them away from a life of horror, I guess. She is a horror. And be Rosie O'Donnell, perfect person that she thinks she is. She knows everything. She knows all the right things. And anybody that doesn't agree with her is wrong. She gets on that show of hers and starts preaching. Oh my God. Oh, shut up. Christ. First of all, she gets on a bandwagon with that Chubb Club thing, tries to preach about that. You can't even lose weight yourself. She hasn't lost a pound. Before you start getting on your vehicle and preaching a cause, please try to do it yourself first. Before you branch out. If you slimmed down a bit and then started your Chubb Club to get other people to slim down, hey, sure. It's kind of like an alcoholic telling everyone else not to drink. Don't drink. Don't drink. Well, you're just slamming them in the background. Yeah, exactly. Hey, did you guys see the man show last night? Yes, I did. Was that game Hungry Hungry Opras? Oh my God. I just fell off the chair. It was the Hungry Hungry Hippo game, but it was Oprah. And it had these little miniature hamburgers. Oh my God. I gotta go, guys. Bye. The man show was pretty funny. Was it like a retrospective of the past year? It was hilarious last night at Comedy Central. And I was watching with my brother, Sandy was there, and Sandy's sister. And they did the whole lingerie segment. Did you see that? Oh man, all the chicks from the show. What are they called? The Juggies. The Juggies or the Jiblees or the Jiggalese? The Juggies. The Juggies? Yeah, they were... They're going into the dressing room and trying all the hottest lingerie and that one blonde that is just like, woohoo! She was huge. Right. And Sandy is just getting more and more agitated. Really? More and more agitated. And every hot woman that is appearing on the TV, and me and my brother are just losing it, loving life. And my brother had the line of the night last night. He goes, Sandy, I don't think this segment is catering toward you. Right. You know? Exactly. Because she's like, oh my God, her boobs are so blown up and big and look at that. Is she getting pissed? Oh yeah. Does she need another cruise? I'd be glad to send her. You know what? I think I'm going to have to write a check live on a radio show for you. Are you going to do that? Are you serious? It's going to kill me. It's going to kill me, but I'm going to do it. You're actually going to pay for Sandy's cruise? Yeah. You've got to explain, without explaining obviously, what we're talking about. Well, my wife, Jen, was a little pissed off, I guess, and decided to go to the beach. I guess, and decided to go on a cruise on my American Express card and took Sandy, your girlfriend, with her. And you just assumed like Sandy paid her way and your wife paid her way. No, no, no. All charges went on my Amex. I paid for your girlfriend's cruise. I bought a cruise for your girlfriend. Airfare, down to Florida, the cruise in the Caribbean, wherever they went. And else you needed a shoulder to cry on. Well, that's a pretty expensive shoulder, my God. I know it sucks because now I'm going to have to pay for that cruise. Yeah. Okay, I won't deny it. In all fairness, the ads like that, dude, whatever, they scheme behind your back that you don't really have to pay me. But I really have to pay you, and I know that. It's going to come down to though, I'm going to have to pay for that cruise, you have to pay for the other one, and neither one of us got a BJ. No. I got nothing. I got to write a check to you for a great vacation down the Caribbean, and I got squat. That's all right. That's all right. I'm getting effed. More ways than one. That's right. Jiminy Cricket. All right. But The Rock is coming in at five o'clock today, Anthony. Yeah. Very excited if The Rock is listening. You got a bunch of huge fans here on this radio show. I hope he's The Rock. I hope he's The Rock. And not Dwayne. I hope he throws us around the studio and has a lot of fun up here today. Yeah, I want The Rock to come into the studio. I heard on The View he wasn't The Rock, really. He was The Rock a little bit, then he was Dwayne. He was Dwayne. We just want The Rock. I've seen him on the other shows sometimes, and he's like, you know, yeah, well, you know, if you smell what The Rock is cooking. Right. And it's like, wait a minute. No, you're The Rock. Right. You ought to be The Rock. Do what it takes. Smoke some crack, whatever, drink. Just come in here as The Rock. Absolutely. And you will make us very, very happy. Extremely happy. We're like little kids today. Yeah. For the first time, I'm going to look at one of our guests and go, oh, my God, it's a superstar. Absolutely. And you know how big that guy is? You know how tall he is? It's huge. It's going to make us look like old fidgets. That's right. And then my girlfriend will be creaming her pants over another guy. Great. Yeah, she really loves The Rock. Oh, my God. She's already in the city walking around just can't wait. She's all giddy. She's all dressed up. Yeah. That makes a guy feel good. Oh, she got all dressed up for The Rock? Yeah. Isn't that something? It's such a double standard, too. Yeah. I was just saying about the man show last night. I'm sitting there. It's like girls I will never, ever meet on the tube and just great lingerie, huge boobs, perfect bodies. You don't have to sit there in line. They're crawling around the floor and you're just losing it. Any guy would, right? Uh-huh. And she gets pissed because she sees that I'm losing it a little bit. But it's a TV. But it's a TV. But she could just lose it over The Rock to the point where I swear to God, if The Rock said, give me a hummer, she would do it. Oh, my God. Without a doubt. And she is a nice girl, but she would do it, right? And Rick could step in and say, hey, Rock, you get your hands off my sister and The Rock would kill you. And that would be great to see. But she finds it completely normal that she could have all these whacked out fantasies with someone that she will see in the flesh. Yeah. Someone in the flesh that maybe a phone number could get slipped to inadvertently. You never know, right? We can only hope. Oh, my God. You can only wish. You can only pray. And also at 4 o'clock today on the show, Jeffrey Ross, a very funny guy. Yeah. What the hell is going on here? We're starting to get, like, real celebrities and real guests. It's all downhill from here. I want to go back to, you know, on the way, egg shooting and- Well, we will. And we still are. And penis weightlifting, that type of thing. Yeah. But we have, you know, things like Lesbian for a Day that we still do. Jeffrey Ross, the king of the one-liner. Mm-hmm. He does the roast on Comedy Central all the time, and he's like the hit by far. And he's appearing at Caroline's tonight. Is that the deal? All right, so we have lots to do, Ant. Yes, we do. And a lot of people requesting more. They call my name, Bill. Oh, boy. Bits. Oh, Bill. We need lesbians for Lewis Black tomorrow? Why? Why a Bill's coffee shop? We had, like, ten girls call yesterday to be a lesbian for a day. Oh, most of them can't make it till next week. Uh-oh. And if you're a girl and you want to be a lesbian for a day, we're setting that up tomorrow because Lewis Black's coming in. And every time Lewis Black comes in, he says, you know, nothing's going on. What are you doing here? He hears the show. What are you doing here? He hears the show and he can't make it in. And there's debauchery going on, all kinds of fun and hijinks, nudity, lesbians. And he gets a little upset when he comes in and we don't have that for him. Right. So we got to hook him up. Definitely. So if your lady who wants to come in and be a lesbian for a day, please give us a call. Eric, what's going on? Let me tell you something, guys. I don't have a big enough sponge to wipe up my girlfriend's mouth when the rock comes on the damn TV. It is the most annoying thing in the world. Tell the guy to put a shirt on or something when he's out there. I can't take it anymore. We went to a WWF show with my friend Rob, and we're all sitting there. This guy comes out and I swear within five minutes she's like hanging on a ring post and I lose her for the night. Oh, I know. What are you going to do? What can you do with this guy? You've got to put on a shirt, some overalls. I take satisfaction in knowing that he's married and he's probably not getting all that. He's traveling the country. So he's cursed as well. Trust me, every guy out there is cursed. Doesn't matter who you are. Doesn't matter if you're a big time rock star or a movie star. We're all cursed. We all have our own curse out there. I used to love wrestling. I watched it all the time. I finally got my girlfriend. I turned off Alleymobile for once and started watching Raw with me. The minute she saw the rock, I can't get away from the TV. I know. It ruins wrestling for me. Well, definitely call in with your questions for the rock because we're going to do a whole segment where he talks to you guys. I've got plenty to say to him. All right, Eric. Thank you. He's pissed at the rock. And I don't blame him, man. A lot of guys. All right, we're running late. We're going to take a quick break. And right after the commercials, I think we're going to play the They Call My Names Bill phone booth bit. Oh, boy. A lot of people are requesting the They Call My Names Bill bits today. We found a girl that could shoot stuff from a private area. More stupidity on the way. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. It's the O.B. and Anthony Show. Thanks for checking us out today. We appreciate it. And we have audio from Alan Siff and Tim. Oh, yeah. He was talking about us on the New York Radio message board. Yeah, he does like a real audio radio show kind of thing. I guess in between cleanings, fillings and x-rays. Right. He has time to do a little real audio recording of his opinions of New York Radio. Well, our faithful listeners attacked the New York Radio message board last night. Yeah, they continue to attack it as we speak. And we kind of told you guys to lay off because it was funny. But yeah, we kind of like the guy actually, because he does have an open mind as far as what we're doing here at N.E.W. One of the one of the few that posts on the New York Radio message board. How could you not like your friendly neighborhood dentist? Right. You know, seems like a nice enough guy. Yeah, he's all right. The only thing is, if you listen to his what he calls board reflections, it's his own private little radio show on the computer. Yes. He sounds like friggin Tom Lycus. Are you serious? His voice sounds like Tom Lycus. Do you want to get into it now? I guess we could a little bit. I got it somewhere here. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Keep talking and I got to find it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Rick, we're listening to it a little bit. And he goes off on a whole thing about us and morning radio. Well, yes, yes. We're doing morning. I hope you were listening yesterday because it was really, really, really funny. We were talking about the New York Radio message board. There's a bunch of tools that need lives that discuss all the important issues that are that concern New York Radio. Or they think are important issues. And what are some of the examples they've discussed in the past? Oh, my God. Should they come up with these stations I never heard of? Should WXAZ do standards? Right. And then there's a whole like 20 answers to the question. What should WNEW do next? And then there's like 20 more people with different opinions. And they're all old school. I mean, they're convinced like, you know, all the jocks that used to work here still have have something to offer to other radio stations in New York. Oh, and you hear bring back Dave and Pat St. John and Carol and have them go back to doing classic rock. It's like, when is the rest of New York Radio going to wake up and realize what a talent Carol Miller is? Oh, yeah, but that's what you get on that. Like I said, a lot of these guys, I picture them. They have their black and white photo of them by the big radio microphone wearing the suit and tie and holding the one headphone ear very close to their ear. As their little promo shot. And what we're doing here at WNEW just repulses them. They hate it. And they're convinced because they hate it. Everyone else should hate it. Right. So they go on the board and spiel about why we suck and how we suck as the ratings, God willing, continue to rise. They had a whole discussion how unprofessional we are because like we'll cough and whatever burp and just, you know, do stupid stuff while the mics are on. Yeah, maybe our grammar isn't perfect. Every time we open our yaps loops, as long as we're entertaining and making people laugh, that's all we care about. They couldn't imagine opening up a mic and broadcasting the way we do. I mean, that is just heinous. Tom, what's up? Hey, what are you guys? Bunch of pussies. Why? Why? You tell everybody to bash this dentist yesterday and now you're kissing butt on. No, no, I think you've misunderstood us. We said bash the board, but we did. We actually said that Alan's a pretty cool guy and he's had an open mind. The point we were trying to make yesterday is there's a lot of rumors that are started on the New York radio message board that have no substance whatsoever. The latest, come on, he put his drill in your mouth. The latest. Shut up, dude. Thanks, Tom. And the latest being that, you know, Aunt Naya going to mornings. There's just no truth to that whatsoever. And he just insists we're going to mornings. And what happened was the listeners went on the New York radio message board yesterday and started their own rumors. And that's where the comedy came in. Yeah, it was you guys were making us laugh really hard. So Alan has responded to all the mess we created yesterday and today, Anthony. Yes. I believe this might be the first time Alan's actually doing a show over a major network. Yeah. He does these like once a week, these board reflections. I think if he gives his opinions on things. We give him a forum on this show. You think he'll invite us in to do a root canal one day? And let's not forget this guy is a dentist. Yes. The other WNEW issue, which has come up in the last few days, is Opie and Anthony. You know what the problem is when you discuss people like Opie and Anthony and Howard Stern and so forth? Is their fans can't seem to discuss this on the level that it ought to be discussed at. Nobody, including myself, is making any personal attacks against Opie and Anthony. And I'm the one running the board. I did not say anything negative about them. In fact, I think I've been a supporter of Opie and Anthony. And I think they have acknowledged such over the air that my personal position with respect to them has been a reasonable one. What I did say recently, and I will stand by, is that I thought that they should be doing Morning Drive on WNEW. And I believe they should be. I'm not saying that as a personal criticism of them or their listeners. That's not a knock. And I don't understand why it's being taken that way. From a radio programming point of view, a radio programmer is like somebody who has a hand of cards. And you want to manipulate those cards as if it were a game of poker. You want to use them in such a way that your hand is the strongest. You don't have a personal love for the Jack of Hearts versus the Jack of Spades. Your interest is taking those cards, putting them together in such a way that you'll win. That's what this is all about with radio programming. I'm not knocking Opie and Anthony. I'm only pointing out that it is obviously, at the moment, WNEW's most successful show, the most important day part in radio, is Morning Drive. Therefore, it seems to me that the most successful show should be in the most important day part. And that is my whole argument. I understand that they apparently don't want to do Morning Drive. I understand that they would like to have a syndicated deal. I understand all those things. But if I was a program director of WNEW, I would put them on in Morning Drive because that would be the best thing for my radio station. I'm not attacking Opie and Anthony. If anything, I'm giving them a compliment. I'm saying they are so good, they ought to be in ultra prime time as opposed to just prime time, which is what I would consider PMD. And further, if they were on in the mornings, WNEW could bring in somebody else in Afternoon Drive and try and develop another personality or personalities for the radio station, which they desperately need to do. If they bring in somebody else new in the morning, they're going to have a very difficult time because it is so competitive. Break in a new voice in a high-profile slot in the afternoons, and they will have a better chance of succeeding. And if all of that works, if all of that works, WNEW is much better off. Now, I understand the Howard Stern argument. Why would Infinity want to put Opie and Anthony up against Howard Stern because Howard might get damaged, and why would Infinity want to do that? Okay, that's a legitimate argument. I understand that. It would be a gamble. There's no question putting Opie and Anthony on in the morning. But in my opinion, for whatever that's worth, and it's just my opinion, Howard Stern would do just fine. A lot of people have competed against Howard Stern. John DeBello in Philadelphia, Man Cow in Chicago, et cetera, et cetera. And Stern always does well. Could he lose a little bit of audience from a direct competitor? Yeah, he could. But the guy's getting around an 8 to a 9 share in New York right now. Let's say he drops a share, maybe even a share and a half. He's still going to be the number one show. And a WNEW can go from a .4 or .5, whatever their horrible morning ratings are right now. If they can go from that to a 2.5, if they can do that, then they will be much better off, even if Stern loses a little bit. Because I don't think Opie and Anthony are going to draw just from Stern. They're going to draw from other radio stations. So it seems to me there's a good possibility that they could do well in the morning and Stern would still do well in the morning. In under those circumstances, Infinity comes out way ahead. They've still got Stern, and now they've got a successful franchise at 102.7. Doesn't that make sense? Now, you can disagree with me, but I think there is a logic to it. After all of the discussion and those arguments that I have made on the board, apparently Opie and Anthony decided yesterday that they were going to encourage their fans to come on the New York radio message board and just post crap, which is what went on yesterday afternoon. And you know what? I don't know what was gained by that exactly. Obviously I can block them, I can delete the posts, I can do all of that stuff. But I'm not sure what was being gained here. Those who want to defend or argue for Opie and Anthony, I encourage you to come on the board. Believe me, I don't want to be the only one expressing my opinion here. That's boring. That's no fun. But come on and debate the issue. What is it that I or somebody else has said on the board that you disagree with? Don't come on there and say, oh, you're all a bunch of DJ wannabes, or you're jealous, or whatever. That's the same crap that Stern's fans spew out when somebody criticizes Howard. And that's a bunch of nonsense. Argue the point. If you disagree with something I or somebody else has said, then take what it is they say and argue with it. That's what debate is all about. That's what makes it interesting. Personal attacks under false names that say nothing only drag the entire forum down and force me to delete the posts. I am not out to get Opie and Anthony. I think they will tell you that. Never mind what I say. Ask them, because they read the board and they know what I've been saying for the past year and a half about their show. If you've got a criticism or a disagreement, then argue it on that level. If you're going to come on and just trash the board, I'm going to delete your posts and I'm going to block it. Hey, the drill survive. The drill goes on. That sound effect is killing people. I know it is. Some people really have a problem with that drill. My favorite is the spit. So there you go. That's just making people talk all over the damn city, Anthony. Sandy from Manhattan. Okay, enough with the dentist spit. I'm getting a cavity just listening. This makes me sick. Alan sniffing the dentist. Where the hell is that train? We got the train. The train hit Alan. Shut this guy up. Stop, stop, stop. Wow. But that's what goes on on a regular basis on the New York radio message board. Yeah. All these armchair quarterbacks. Figuring it out from the other side of the mic. They don't have a show to do here in New York, so they critique the other ones. Correct. Wonderful. All right. What are you trying to cue up? The last part is really funny. The last part of Alan's thing? All right. Really? You sure? Oh, he talks about himself and everything. Oh, great. About being a dentist? Right. Okay. When I was in dental school. He's a dentist. Actually, he's talking about how he's going to be back on the radio. Oh, really? Oh, yeah? We should give him a show here at any W. They should. Couldn't do any worse than half the shows around here. We already do. It's called Tomline. Hello, I'm Alan. Yeah, I'm having a problem with my molar. I got like this impacted... Ow! Ow! Oh, that's what I'm talking about. I want to know what to do. Wow. Hit it with a yield line. Right from there? Yeah, from right there. All right. Try that. Polarizing radio station. Whether you love WNAW or hate it right now, and we've got people who feel both ways on the New York radio message board, the fact is that it is a polarizing radio station. Is it talk? You can't ignore it. Is that true? It's true at least some of the time in terms of radio people. Whether or not that's going to translate into overall ratings and so forth to the station, we'll see. And I will again, I think this radio station is going to succeed. I think it's going to appeal to the right demographics, and it's going to do well. It's never going to be number one, I don't think, but I think it is going to get good ratings with men 18 to 30, 18 to 35, something like that. That's a desirable demographic for advertisers. That means they will be able to sell the station and make money. And folks, that's what this is all about. And I think WNAW can succeed in doing it. I don't think they're there yet, but I think they're on their way. So I am not a hater of the radio station. So when you attack me personally on the board, you're attacking the wrong guy. All right, with that, this is Alan Smith, and thank you for your time this time, until next time. Hey, who used to say that? Thank you for your time this time, until next time. Roger Grimsby, I think. Yeah, I think you might be right. Is it Roger Grimsby? Hey, hey, Alan, you're ripping off Roger Grimsby, the late Roger Grimsby, Mr. Liver Spot himself. All right, there goes our pal, the rock and roll dentist, Alan Smith. All right, you've got to love him. Enough on that topic. We'll move on to other things in just a bit. Mario, I just canceled my dentist appointment. Sound effects are killing me. Stop, I'm going to the dentist tomorrow. People are freaking out. They can't handle the sound effects. People hate the dentist, man. Of course. Andrew. Yo, turn that crap off. It's killing me, guys. Yeah? Yeah. All right, thanks. Have a good one, guys. Bye. All right, let's take a quick break. We'll be back, all right? All right. Opie and Anthony. Jack, can we get these illiterates off the air, please? Please, suck. If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen. 1027 WNEW. All right, this is 1027 WNEW. Mixing up the crap today, huh, Ant? Oh, yeah. Throwing it all over the place. Hell, yeah. The ONA Show, if you got something. 212-757-1027. Our fax line, 212-957-9639. Why are you chuckling over there, Anthony? Well, I just went to the wnew.com website, and indeed, your pictures are on the website. You looking through the giant pumpkin, and you pulling the little red wagon through the giant pumpkin field. Now, where are these pictures? Go to our little section where it says, Opie and Anthony, you click on that. All right. And then right under our baby pictures, it says, New Embarrassing Photos Number 2, Opie the Pumpkin King. Oh. Let me see. Oh, yeah, how to refresh. Sometimes you've got to refresh your webpage, Anthony. Oh, of course. A little reload. Oh, God damn. There it is, the famous picture. Look at all the other guys are there, girls. Oh. The second picture, you can see it on my face. Why am I here? Got to admit. Please admit that part of it. Yeah, you look like you really don't want to be there. All right. Got to admit. I'm sure they'll be on the unofficial website by tonight, Anthony. Yeah. Speaking of the unofficial Opie and Anthony website, there is a very, very funny little video clip, I guess. Almost a video clip. It's like an animation. Animation, sure. Of Spaz and Ricky Martin on a jet ski. It is so damn funny, man. You've got to see this thing. The guy's got the big Spaz head, and Ricky Martin's on the back of the jet ski, and they almost look like he's humping them as the jet ski drives over the waves. Yeah, and Ricky Martin's holding onto Spaz. It's very, very creative and very funny. I think that's the same guy that's done a bunch of other animations for the radio show. Yeah. Spaz doing the tomato and a couple others. I've got to see this thing again. I'm popping it up right now, Spaz and Ricky Martin. Foundrymusic.com. Yeah, the guy calls himself the red pencil, I guess. The red pencil. Let me see. Turn around. It's too funny, man. Spaz's face going like a mile an hour. You're going to laugh when you see that one. www.foundrymusic.com, Anthony. Very good. All right, we're wasting so much time that we've got to take another break, but before we do, we're going to play the They Call My Name's Bill. Oh, boy. Lost in a phone booth trying to find his way home, Anthony. Yes. And don't forget, 4 o'clock, Jeffrey Ross comes in. He's playing Caroline tonight. Very funny man. King of the one-liners. And at 5 o'clock, we're all patiently waiting for his greatness to walk through our studio door, The Rock. The great one. Going two on one. That's a handicap match. Yeah, we've got a handicap match with The Rock at 5 o'clock. All right, let's play this and we'll be back. All right, I have this number in my wallet. I don't know where I am. You don't know where you are? I have this number in my wallet. You're lost? I don't know. I'm in a phone booth. Give me the phone number. It's not on here. There's no phone number on the phone? Let me look. What phone? You're calling from a phone. Is there a phone number there? Yes, there is. Could I have the phone number? I believe it's an eight. Hold on the phone. Can you hold on? Don't hang up. Hello? Yes, can you hear me? Who's this? This is a cell. Can you hear me? Hello? Don't hang the phone up. Hang up? No, do not hang up. Hold on, please. Don't hang up. I'm going to put you on the phone with someone else. Hold on. Hang up what? No. It's cold. You're cold? I'm colder, yes. I know. Cold like Brazil. I believe I need a changing. Stay on the phone. I'm wet. You're all wet? Yes, I'm wet. Okay. Would you just stay on the phone? I need a changing and my nurse isn't here. I'm going to walk across the street now. Who's this now? My name is Judy. What's yours? I call my name's Bill. Hi Bill. How are you? Hi Sam. You sound a little lost. I'm going to walk across the street now. You know what? I'd rather you didn't walk across the street, because if you walk across the street, I can't talk to you. Hey Bill? Hello? Hello? Yeah. Are you still there? Who is this please? This is Judy. Is this Bill? Where's Sam? Sam just went out to get some coffee. I hate coffee. Sam knows I hate coffee. Well maybe he went to get you a coffee. I don't know but I do. I'll be right back. And I'm coming. I hate coffee. Well maybe he went to get you a coffee and he said he was going out to get a drink. There's cars now, a lot of cars. I'm going to cross the street now. You know what, if there are a lot of cars you shouldn't be crossing the street. Here I go. I can't talk to you with your mouth. I think my home is across the street. Here I go. Are you talking on the phone too? Hello? Hello? Oh, we should have called the police while we had them. He's still here. He's not hanging up. He put the phone down on the walk. He dropped the phone. He did not hang up. Oh my God, something called an ambulance! I told you. This is horrible. Why God, he looks awful. Who is there? Who am I speaking to, please? Somebody call an ambulance! The man got hit! We're calling an ambulance. Can you give me the address? He's a mess! The man got hit! Someone call an ambulance! Don't touch him! Leave him down there! Hello, can you give me, tell me where you are? It's too late. It's too late. There's this bad spirit all over the road. Can you tell me where you are? It's too late. I'm just going to have to shovel. I will get a shovel. Where are you? It's too late. It isn't too late. Are you? It's too late. What do you mean it's not too late? It's not too late. It's over there in his auto. We can't help you if you won't tell us where you are. You can't help anymore. Just bring a shovel. Can you tell me where you are right now? Disneyland. In Disneyland? Can you tell me where in Disneyland? Pirates of the Caribbean. And the Pirates of the Caribbean. Yo ho yo ho, a pirate's life for me. I'm okay now. You're okay? You got all pulled yourself together again? A car hit me and I feel fine now. Oh, I'm so glad you feel fine. You had me really worried. That's all Bill needed was a little bumper. Can you tell me where you are Bill? Jupiter. Now on Jupiter? Planet Jupiter. Is there a street number or a name on Planet Jupiter? 23 Jupiter. 23. Okay, do you live there? Send a cab. Send a cab? I would happily send a cab if you tell me where to send it. They're telling to make a right at Venus. Right at Venus. And it's Jupiter, 28 Jupiter. 28? That's what I said. Okay, and what are you doing there now? Masturbating. Oh, I see. Is this the best radio you guys can come up with? 1027 WNEW. It's Opie and Anthony. This is 1027 WNEW. On the way. We have to play it one last time. Drown, Cuban, drown. The little kid going back. Ilyin Gonzalez. See all the protesting going on in Miami? Yeah. CNN had some live footage going on. They're all protesting over the little boy. Poor kid, gotta go back to Cuba. Right. Cuba. And start rolling some cigars. Some cigars instead of going to school here in the States. Could be his last day in class. They showed a little picture on the daily news. Being walked to school. It's just not fair. You give him a taste of freedom like that and now you throw him back into that world over there in Cuba? And he was here during Christmas. He got a bunch of cool presents and everything. A bunch? He got like thousands of gifts. Everyone from all over the country was sending this kid a gift. Next Christmas he'll be in Cuba and he'll be like, hey, what do I get? Oh, a cigar and a bottle of rum. Gee, thanks. Thank you. Thank you very much. Where's my big wheel? He's going to grow up to be a bitter man, huh? He'll be back on an inner tube. I think once he gets a little older. Probably pitching for the Yankees in another 10 years, right? He ought to start warming up. Alright, so we'll play Drown, Cuban, Drown. Getting a lot of requests for that. Also, for the faithful listeners that hung through the commercials, Anthony? Yes. Let's give away some wrestling tickets. We do have The Rock coming in at 5 o'clock. And right now, if you're the 10th caller at 212-757-1027, you're going to win a pair of tickets to see the WWF at the Continental Arena, January 16. Tickets, by the way, for this event are still available through Ticketmaster, but the 10th caller gets a freebie pair. Alright, quick musical break right into Drown, Cuban, Drown. If you haven't heard that, stick around. It's coming very, very soon. 20 Cuban float on a wine bottle cork. Guantanamo Bay is just a 5-minute walk to center house. Before we hope you won't drown. Cuban refugee. From Miami Beach. Because all your relatives stay awake. Remember Ricky Ricardo, Babaluay. Look at Mama Pina, she's as big as a boat. You'd shove a motor up her ass if you thought she'd float. Turn around. Before we hope you won't drown. Before the sun goes away. Because you're the real thing. Cuban Drown. Drown, Drown, Cuban Drown. Drown, Cuban Drown. I'm all for violence sometimes. You guys are a bunch of put. God, I want to punch you in the face. Better leave a bruise. 1027 WNEW. It's Theo Pien Anthony Shoe. 1027 WNEW. We're all getting a little nervous. The Rock is coming in here. I'm just getting a little nervous because he was on MSNBC. And he was just being Dwayne. People say he's just Dwayne. You know, he's being Dwayne. We want the Rock. We want the Rock. We want the Rock. Like, what does it eat? He's got two distinct personalities. Dwayne and the Rock. Well, a lot of these guys look at it as a role they play. But in the eyes of like you and I and a lot of the WWF fans, oh no. He's the Rock. He's the Rock. He takes a dump as the Rock. He eats like the Rock. He Eps like the Rock. That'd be the Rock. He's like a superhero, Anthony. Like when you went to see, you know, you heard Batman was going to be appearing at the mall. He wasn't the guy that played Batman. You know, it was Batman. Yeah, you were fully expecting, you know, the whole deal. Yeah, so we're praying. Because if he's just like Dwayne, then it's going to be like pulling teeth. And you guys are going to hear like really bad interviewings. So, uh... So, like, did you like get into wrestling like a long time ago and stuff? Uh, yeah, yeah. My father and grandfather were in it. Three generations of wrestling. Alright, we're going to take a lot of phone calls when he's in here. If you hear him not being the Rock, you guys know what to do, okay? Yes, our faithful listeners will know what to do. We are far too big a pussies to confront a guy beside the Rock. Let's see, we're brave. We'll admit it. We sound brave. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, we trash a lot of people and stuff. But if they're right in front of our face, we are... Pussies. Pussies. That's where we need your help. Especially the Rock. Right. That's huge. Yeah, he's as big as these ceilings. Oh, I am on the Rock. If you smell what the Rock is cooking, uh... Well, we're a little nervous because we really like Mankind too, from the WWF. And we had him on the air to promote his book. And we actually had a chance to have him in the studio a second time. And the first interview on the phone was so bad and so painful. He decided not to be Mankind. He was McFolly. We even tried to get him into the Mankind character and stuff. He couldn't be bothered. So we had a pass on actually getting to meet him and having him in the studio. Chris Jericho, he was in character on the phone. Brilliant. Probably one of the best interviews we've had with a wrestler. Guy was hysterical. We were ragging him, he was ragging us. Very funny, in character. See, these guys got to understand to us, they're bigger than life. They're superheroes. We don't want to see the face behind the curtain there. Can't be Dwayne. He's got to be the Rock. He's got to be the Rock. Uh, Donald, what's going on? Hey, how you doing? Real good. Every show I've seen him on, or even heard him on on the radio, he's always been Dwayne. I know. He's been truly lame. Oh, no. Dead-ass lame. Sorry, I said it in a curse. That's not a curse. You can say ass, ass, ass, ass. Cool. Yeah, you just can't say the big ones. Also, my mother goes crazy over this guy. 40 old black woman's rolling over this guy. I'm like, what the hell? Well, pretty much every woman here at WNEW wants to do the Rock. Please. They all can't wait. They can do the pebble, that's me. They're all in the bathrooms right now. Getting all ready, getting the makeup on, and fluffing up the hair, and lubing up. Taking their dumps and stuff. Getting ready. All right, Donald. Thanks a lot, man. Bye. Bye. Jamie, what's going on? Hey, the Rock with the Savannah's NBC. I work there. Yeah. He's the nicest, sweetest guy. Oh, cool. You guys should definitely not mess with him. He's so sweet. No, no, no, no. We don't want the nice, sweet Rock. Oh, come on. He is like the sweetest. We want the pompous Rock. You have never seen so many people go so crazy at our studios. It was insane. Well, I want him to put fear in my eyes. I want him to make me believe that he is going to take the people's elbow to my forehead. I don't know about that. He'll be the rock bottom, kick your arms into position, and the people's elbow. I don't think that's possible. He is the nicest guy. I can't even believe that he could be mean. He's so sweet. No, we don't want him. We just want him to be in character. That's all. I know. We'll have fun with him either way. We understand, but we're just praying that he's the Rock. Yeah. Where he comes in and calls us jabronis and stuff. Yeah, call me a jabroni. I mean, a lot of people asked for his autograph and asked if he would write that kind of stuff, and he did. He was really cool about it. All right, Jamie, thank you. All right, bye. I'm hoping he comes in here and goes, which is which? And I go, well, Rock, mine is... It doesn't matter which is which. Yeah, we need the Rock. I want him to walk in that door with the sunglasses, Anthony, tilt his head up toward the ceiling. The people's eyebrows. Give a little sniff. Know that we have millions and millions of listeners. I want him to say, finally, the Rock has come back to the Opien Anthony show, even though this is his first appearance. Right, but who cares? If you smell what the Rock is cooking. The Rock says, the Rock says, you're a rocker. Say something. Scott, what's going on? What's up, man? All right, know your damn role. What do you think? Are you going to come out like a fish or what? I don't know. It's so weird. It's like having a schizophrenic on the air. You don't know what personality you're going to get. We have to do an interview and we don't know what personality we're getting. It's like two totally different people are coming in. If he's the way and I'm calling back. Yeah, we want you guys to call back and try to encourage him to be the Rock because we're going to have a tough time doing it. All right. Are you guys are back? No, we're not. Thank you. You guys are back. He has been the Rock on shows. Yeah. What? Joe, what's going on? Hey, what's up? All right. First of all, you better hope that he ain't good friends with China. Why? Because he'll want to kick your ass. I never said anything bad about China. But besides that, I've seen him act as the Rock on Channel 9 in a news interview on TV. Right. I saw that too. He was kind of like. His eyebrows were more famous than Jack Nicholson. He was Rock Light. I'll talk to him. Rock Light. Well, he was. He was like kind of the Rock, but a little more conservative. We want him to just like come in here and be just belligerent. I met the Rock and he was in character. This is encouraging. Sean, turn down your radio. All right. What do you got, Sean? Sean. He's listening to the radio. Sean. Is that your name? Did Spaz type it wrong? Steve. Steve. Scott. Bill. Stan. Bob. Ryan. Ed. Sean. I hope you guys can appreciate what happens on this radio show at times. A lot of you guys have car phones. Just picture how stupid some of our listeners are. God, we love you guys, but you're stupid, some of you. Just picture this. You're in your car. You decide, I am going to call the Opie and Anthony show. I met the Rock and I have something to tell the boys. Beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep. You dial up the O&A show. Spaz butchered through. Hold on. Turn down your radio. They are going to be with you shortly. So now you have the phone to your ear. We pick up. So now you can hear us saying, hello, Sean, what do you have for the show? But he's listening to the radio. Which is 40 seconds behind because we're in delay. So he is ignoring the voice that is live nationwide in his ear and waiting for us to say hi through the radio. Through the radio. Brilliant. And it happens all the time. Unreal. What happened to Jeffrey Ross? He was supposed to be here already. Jose. What's going on, buddy? Hey, how are you doing? Greg. I met this guy one time down at Sea Caucus. The Rock, he's the most arrogant bastard I've ever met. That's what we want to say. It's the truth, I swear. He is so arrogant. I walked up to him and said, hey, I'm going to go to the beach with you. He said, hey, I'm going to go to the beach with you. I said, hey, I'm going to go to the beach with you. It's the truth, I swear. He is so arrogant. That's what we want to say. I walked up to him and he was getting an autograph from my two-year-old son. The dude just blew me off. I was like, dude, you stink. That's what we want to say. He's the worst. The nicest guy in the Federation there, believe it or not, Triple H. That guy's great. All right. He blew us off. That's the Rocky Bulls monkey. All right, thanks. All right, Chief. We want the arrogant Rock. Yes. We want to be dissed. We want to be yelled at. Absolutely. To Brony. We're willing to play. I hope he is. I guess we'll see. I want him to say something about the microphone. Oh, turn it up. Shine it up real nice. The microphones we have in front of us. Just saying, I want him to say something about the microphones. He's going to say his lines, but they'll be all like, you know, turn it sideways and stick it in your candy ass. Right. Hey, Mike, you're next. What's going on? Hey, what's going on? This is the guy in the Army again. All right. I got a question. Why are these people that are on hold so stupid? They don't realize the radio is on through the phone as well when they're on hold. I don't understand it. Well, because it's two different things. You've got the delay working on your radio and then on the phone, it's exactly what's happening live in the studio. As soon as that is what you name, hold on. You hear you guys on the phone anyway, so why bother listening to the radio? And if you are on hold for the radio show, that is us live before delay. Exactly. You get to hear all the uncensored crap. You get to hear all the curses and everything else. Exactly. I don't understand why people continue to wait for us to say hi through the radio when they got the phone to their ear. Thank you. Jackass is when you're on hold. It boggles the mind, Mike. Thank you. Have a good one. All right. You too. Bye. Everyone is just very excited around here. People saying we should hold the rock down and shave off his eyebrows. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that'll happen. Yeah. How are we going to hold the rock down? Yeah. Tom, you're next. What's going on? Yeah, I want to know if you're going to do Fight Club with the rock so he can put his crotch on your face. No, that will not be happening. I'm going to encourage the rock to beat the crap out of Rick today, though. Oh, good. Even better. I am encouraging that. Pesh mode faggot. Yeah, you guys don't forget anything, do you? All right, Tom. Thank you. All right, that's it. Bye. You guys suck. All right. Bob, you're next. Hey, I got a short part where you guys get the rocking character. All right. When he comes in, that's what we're doing. When he comes in, it doesn't matter how you're doing. That's not a bad idea. That's the only key short part where you do it. All right, man. You think or he'll just go like, that's funny. That's funny. By the way, my new book is available. Thank you, bro. Thanks a lot. Bye. And you know, as we sit here and patiently wait for the rock, Jeffery Ross also making an appearance today. Yeah. A return appearance. I have to say, I think Bill Parcells is the most brilliant mind football today. Genius, this guy. He's an absolute genius. He's calculating like Michael Corleone, this guy. He's amazing. At this point in time, I truly believe he had, he was never going to quit coaching. No. Have you been following this story? It's amazing. Yeah. OK. So he knew everything that was going to happen. Bill Belichick, the assistant. Yeah. He's pretty much the number one candidate for all the, you know, head coaching jobs in the NFL as we speak. Yes. Mostly the Patriots want him. OK. Now, if he was a head coach, because he's under contract, no other team in the NFL could talk to Bill Belichick and hire him away. Absolutely. But there's a rule in the NFL. If you are an assistant coach, you are allowed to talk to other teams to be a head coach. Right. So Bill Parcells, knowing that he's probably going to lose his right hand man anyway after the season, because there was some grumblings in the background and stuff. Bill Belichick wasn't completely happy is what I'm starting to hear. Right. Bill Parcells quits as the head coach of the Jets, making Bill Belichick the head coach now. Right. Which in turn means no one in the NFL could talk to Bill Belichick. Right. Knowing that Bill Belichick would not go for this. He will quit. And would quit because he was so unhappy in the Jets organization. OK. Thus opening up the position. Thus opening up the position again. And now if the Patriots want to hire Bill Belichick, they're going to have to give the Jets draft choices. Draft choices. A little revenge for when Parcells came to New York. I bow to him today. It's amazing. There's no doubt in my mind he makes an announcement within what? I guess we're waiting for the new owners to take over. New owners who will probably hand over huge amounts of cash to Parcells. Right. To once again take the helm of the Jets. He had no intention of leaving. Of leaving. I am totally with him. It's one man's opinion but I am completely convinced of that. He's going to get draft picks and more money. Draft picks, more money. And the whole team and the whole city were rallying around him because now he comes back as like the hero. Right. He's here to save the team. Once again, brilliant move. I think he totally had it planned. I'm convinced of it. Amazing. Pussy. He's not a pussy. He's a big, stinky smelly. Rick doesn't like him, I guess. It's all business, pal. I understand. It's all business. 15 years of his body and the mold. I like what he says too, you know, to the press. Things like, well, I'm in control for the time being. What is he, Alexander Haig? Yeah. He says, I'm in control right now and that's all I think you need to know. And they ask him more questions and he's like, well, I just told you everything you need to know. He gets all belligerent and nasty and stuff. Right. Parcells. He is just, I don't know how this sports papers interview this guy. He's just the nastiest son of a bitch. I love it about him. I answered that question. Shut up. What are you, stupid? Yeah. That is the dumbest question I've ever heard. Next. Next. And he just like sits there. Just pushes him aside and you're like, oh, I just got bashed by the tuna. I thought I was good at what I did with this reporting stuff. So he comes back to the Jets with probably draft picks and more money. John, what's going on? I don't know. How do you feel about the Pete Carroll thing? Pete Carroll what? Pete can be the coach of the Jets. He f'ed it up one time already. Enough of that guy. We're enough of him. I'm bummed that the Patriots didn't keep him. He is the worst. Thanks. Bye. All right, John. Hey, just waiting for the rock. Figured I would ask a question while I wait for the rock today. Hey, mom, can I listen to the Opie and Anthony show today? They're going to have the rock on. They're not going to do the lesbian stuff today. I could listen, right? Right? Yeah, I wonder if kids have to ask permission. Oh, no doubt. Like they hear the rock and it's like, can I listen to the Opie and Anthony show today just for a little while because the rock is going to be on. I'll turn it right off. I think a lot of them are sneaking like under the head with the radio right now. Sneak your radio out. Mom, they're not doing egg shooting today. They're going to have the rock on. Can I listen for a little while? Can I listen for a little while? My homework's done. Zeke from Manhattan saying, if you guys interview Tom Hanks, do you want to talk to Forrest Gump? Come on, get behind the scenes or goof around with him. All right, well, no, actually we would want Forrest Gump. Yeah, that would be much more fun. And Tom Hanks. All right, I see Jeffrey Ross in the wings. Let's get him on the radio next, OK? All right. Quick break. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. But they're back after the holidays. Everyone pigged out, you know. You all had the big dinners with your family and you plumped up a bit. And the coats are covering them up. OK. But you know, spring's right around the corner. You better start losing weight now. And stacker two is the world's strongest fat burn. That's right. What else does it do, Opie? Do you remember the other two things? Yes. I've been studying very hard, Anthony. OK. It burns the fat because it is the world's strongest fat burn. Yes. It's your boost of energy. Yes. And it also cuts the cravings to eat in between meals. Very good. That's where you gain a lot of weight when you have a nice snack. And your fellow employees desk and they got like the little kisses or cookies or something rolling around there. So a coconut hostess snowball. Right. How could you pass that up? Oh, with a gooey marshmallow-y coating. Check out stacker two, the world's strongest fat burner at www.stacker2.com. Or give them a call at 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker two, the world's strongest fat burner. Thousands have proven it works. 1027-W-N-A-W. It's Opie. It's Anthony. And entering the studio in just a minute here, Jeffrey Ross, the very funny and talented Jeffrey Ross, Anthony. Yes. John, what's going on? Hey, you guys. I'm watching TV live. That kid, Elio Gonzalez, he's got a lot of money. He's got gold chains around his neck and he's sitting on his uncle's shoulders. Are you serious? I mean, the guy had an electric Benz the other day. Yeah, a little electric Mercedes Benz he got for Christmas. I mean, my God, I was born in America and when I was nine or however old he is, I didn't get squat. So he's on TV with a lot of bills right now? Yeah. I was part kid. He's sitting on his uncle's shoulders holding a rolled up rod of like fives. He's going to be so disappointed next Christmas. Jeffrey Ross. He's going to spend this Christmas in the US with a bunch of sympathetic groups and sending him all kinds of gifts. Right. Well, thank you, John. Oh, what have you got there? Wait a minute. Seagulls, Cuban seagulls? Fresh off the plane, buddies. Oh, Jeffrey Ross in studio. Wait, you were just in Cuba? This morning. Are you serious? I got in at three in the morning. Really? What were you doing there? I went across the country. Getting him cans at work. I drove across the country. It was mind boggling. I'm you're one of the first two people I've spoke to in English in eight, 20 days. I woke up and came here. Awesome. Yeah. What the hell is it? Yeah, look, he's got a Cuban shirt on. You wouldn't believe what was going on there with this thing. Now, how the hell did you get there? I don't want to talk about that specifically, but I. Oh, is it illegal? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I got in. Something is illegal. Is that easy to get there? What do you got to go to from Canada or something? I went to Mexico. Mexico. Yeah, but that's good with a big plane load of cocaine. It was one of the coolest experiences of my life. Look at you. You look like he looks like he's had some kind of religious experience like he's been part of a coup or something. Look at him. He's just all happy. He's growing a Castro type beard. He's wearing military fatigues. Look at this. There's a T-shirt with a kid on it. We wouldn't believe that. That's Raph Boy. Yeah. Yeah. Raph Boy. I only heard coming up here because I just woke up that he's going home. Yeah, they're sending him back. That's today. That just happened. Yeah. Pretty much. What did you see over there? I'm sad that I get my news from you guys. Yeah, I know. Opium, Anthony, your source for news. Let me tell you something. I haven't heard the news in a week because it doesn't happen there. Yeah. The news in Cuba is seven hours long and they only have two stations. They don't show a story. They show the whole event. Really? They'll have a protest, a rally for the kid, and that's the whole day's television. Oh my God. They show it in real time. That blows, man. Come on. The news plays out in real time. Yeah. It's unbelievable. That's the OJ chase, only not as fun. Now, what's going on down there? I mean, what were you doing? Yeah, you've got to tell us in the church. Well, I'm a comedian, so you have to have some life experiences. Yeah, so you figured you were going to Cuba. I took off. A buddy of mine goes down a lot and he has basically what has become family down there, really beautiful people. On the other side of the country, they don't want me to tell what town it is. No problem. If I want to keep it preserved. That's okay. Free of Americanos. Look at this. He all of a sudden turns Cuban. You're stinking Americans. Look, he hates us. I got it to American Customs and I went through and the guy says, have a nice day in a restaurant. I forgot how to speak English in eight days. I didn't speak to anybody. He's been brainwashed, Anthony. I know. He's starting to believe in Fidel, it looks like. I want to smoke one of those. Definitely. We don't have to smoke them in here, are we? We had Cubans down in Turks and Caicos when we went down there to do a broadcast. All the best cigars ever, man. Yeah, I mean, I've become... How do you get a man to smoke a cigarette? I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I don't smoke a cigarette. I think one of them is lit. I don't know what that is. I think the label is off so they're completely natural. That's a good start. Joe, what's up? It's Pellea. No, I was going to say, the Cuban kid, he's not going back. What do you mean? Because it's a law here. If any Cuban touches base on US soil, he's protected. He can't go back. All the papers are saying he's going home. Him being a minor though, that makes it a little... The only loophole is maybe that he's a minor. And his father's over. There's natural fathers in Cuba and he wants them back. Personally, I think he should go back because it's not like his father abused him or anything like that. I'm looking at the paper and it says, US rules, dad gets the kid. He's going home to Cuba. I don't think so. I think they're going to deploy but I don't think he's going home. All right. We'll find out soon enough. Thank you, Joe. Pretty impoverished down there. They made a deal. Instead of Cuba, they're going to just let him live in Newark. No, I want to go to Cuba. No, please. Give me my tin shack. Now, this is... I got this shirt. That's amazing. It's easier. I drove across the country with my buddy. There's no street signs and highway signs. There's nothing. So if you want to get around, you need to pick people up. The whole country hitchhikes. There's a lot of love. The people love each other. The people are very happy. They don't have any transportation. All the cars are old American cars and Soviet cars. They're from the 50s and 40s. It's like a time capsule. I can't even breathe from all the cigars I smoke. We pick up this cop. He wants to go home for New Year's. He's got to get across the country. He's hitchhiking. They don't have cars and they don't transport the police to work and back. So he's going to hitchhike. He's hitchhiking for a couple of days to get home. So we pick him up. It's also sort of, it makes it easier to get around because you have to stop for directions. You won't get jerked around. My buddy had his girlfriend with him and they're not really supposed to be in the car together. So on and so on. You follow. So we pick this cop up and he winds up, he's all intimidating when he gets in. He's an 18-year-old kid. I had him watching my DVD player. Something about Mary on headphones with Spanish subtitles. This is a kid who's never heard of Mickey Mouse. He's a Cuban police. There's no Western culture at all. I'm 10 hours from Havana. You understand? I mean, nothing. You're way in the country. And I'm asking him, I said, please, that t-shirt. That's amazing. You could never get that. And what a great souvenir. He's like, no, it's official. I can never give it away. This and that, this and that. I offered to buy it. Nothing. It wouldn't, you know, and they make $7 a month to police. Okay. Wow. That's like working here at N.E.W. We're the cops in New York. They spend that on every day on coffee. I would have said donuts, but it's just too hacky. And finally, at the end of the trip, he gave it to me as a gift. That's cool. Yeah. They're really very noble people. That's like contraband having a copy of something about Mary. Yeah. You know, down there. He, on DVD, it was like literally he looked at it like he watched a lunar land. I bet. That's like, what is this? You know? It's like crack. It's like just the old movie project is like you had in school. It's like the medium. It was so cool for him to see it. I mean, the scene where Ben Stiller zips up is right. And he's laughing so hard, you know, he's never seen a movie that's, he doesn't, you know, there's no chance. That's wild. Yeah, that blows. There could be some real prime resort real estate down there if we ever open up some ties with them people again. It looks like, it's like the Catskills with chicks. Buildings are all from the fifties. Yeah. Yeah. They're kind of a little bit. They're not. They're old. I don't know how the women are. The women are beautiful. Yeah. I mean, they're all it's careful Lopez. Well, Tony, what's up? Hey, I gotta say something here, man. Yeah. Hit it. I'm like, set up with this stupid kid. This is paper critical. I want to sound like a white American. They line the border to keep all these freaking aliens out. They shoot them on sight. And here's one kid. Oh, we don't want to give them back. And the freaking guy back on the ramp. They're like, oh, I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I'm going to kill you. I think they'll fly him back if they do send him back. I don't think they'll just pop them on an inner tube and shove them off of Florida. That could be pretty funny. We could track his progress on the internet and stuff. See if Raph Boyd makes it back to Cuba. The pay-per-view event of the century. Oh, god. They absolutely would pay for that. Hell, I'd buy. That would be a great little video game. Try to get him back. Try to get Raph Boyd back to Cuba. Bad man. So what else are you doing? You're playing Caroline? I'm at Caroline's, man. Tonight, tomorrow, Saturday, and Sunday. When did you get in? I got in at 3 o'clock in the morning. I was still slurring. Were you asleep at all? Did you sleep? I slept a few hours. I woke up. I showered. I got mosquito bites and rashes. Whoa, look at you. Hey, hey, hey. Pull your sleeve back a little bit. I just got home from driving across the third-world. Dude, look at his arm. Pull your sleeve back. It just finally started. There are mosquito bites all over your arm. Did you see my legs? I look like a leper from Papiola. Man. It was unbelievable. He's warming up, baby. It was so cool. I'm drinking some cappuccino here. I'm waking up. You seem like the jungle you were in or something. I was in, no, literally. I was in the jungle. I've got to work it up to pigs and chickens. I haven't sat in a toilet seat in eight days. How do you take a dump? You just kind of squat wherever you want. It's what nature calls. What about toilet paper? Toilet paper is hard to come by. It's hard to come by. It's hard to come by. It's hard to come by. It's hard to come by. It's hard to come by. I mean, type of situation, not a bed and breakfast. I mean, type of situation, not a bed and breakfast. You know, you're waking up, you sleep four hours. You know, you're waking up, you sleep four hours. The people are so happy. In such a New Year's festive, there's music playing 24 hours a day around Cuba. I don't care if you're in the biggest city or in the smallest little village. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. The people are so happy. I don't care if you're in the biggest city or in the smallest little village. Happy people dancing. Oh, those people love their music. And it's all like, you know, like, you know, the words beach and dance rhyme. Every song is about the beach and dances. When they've got the flyer, that's where I like to bada, you know. And there's music all night. So the roosters don't know if it's morning or night. The roosters are all night long. So they, you know, the country is like it's it's one big fiesta. And Americans pretty well received. Oh, my God. I thought I was Bruce Willis. Really? Disney World. It was like, you tell them you're American. There's no resentment about what's going on politically or anything like that. They're just warm, beautiful, giving, very, you know, I mean, it's not a it's a third world country, but the people are all clean. Their houses are all immaculate. They don't live in. There's no communist. I just I'm about people. I don't know. It was really cool. That sounds cool. We don't I never thought like somebody would go to Cuba and actually have a good time. I guess I've been, you know, just reading the line. You know, I don't know anybody who's been there. I saw a woman. Her breasts were so big that she could have gotten from Florida with them. She'd never drown. The floatation device. Well, this experience affect all your one liners, Jeffrey, that you do at the Rose. Are you going to be a happier person now? Yeah, I don't know. I'll still be the mean bastard I am. You stole the show once again this year. We saw it. We saw it. Jerry Stiller Rose. Yes, because you were in here promoting it way before just before the tape. I remember I wouldn't tell you the jokes before. The Arthur joke? Yeah, very funny. But the Arthur's like a really say on the air. But God, I almost puke. I was so hard. I said, Sandra Bernhardt. I wouldn't hire with the Arthur's slot. And Sandra Bernhardt. I was just like that was that was painful to watch. Her Hebrew name is yes. That was just like pulling that big steel sweaty handle on a train. And like the sparks are shooting out of the wheels. Like everything's going cold. People are funny and everything. She comes up. Just grinds to a halt. You want to know what the hell is she doing? She sang. She sang a magic man. Yeah, I thought she was it was funny because Jerry Stiller was dancing. Yeah. And his crotchety old body. It's so funny to me. She probably thought she was the hysterical one. And that does she really think she's funny? I don't know her. You know, she always she every year I do these roasts. I haven't always been on TV. So she knows what I do. So she always splits before I get before. This is I go on because she knows that she's in here about it than hear it. They don't want that reaction shot. She doesn't want to give them that, you know, that money shot. I met Billy Crystal and afterwards and he said to me, then I should be Arthur after I said that he goes and the look on what is now her face. Very good. All right, we got to take a break. Jeffrey Ross in studio. He's playing Caroline's Thursday through Sunday. God, you got shows all over. I think you're doing like 20 shows between now now and Sunday and all proceeds will be going to Cuba. Shipping it all off to Cuba to buy some wraps for those fun people making that much money. But it's enough to take care of a lot of people. And I bet you live like a king down there on a few bucks. Yeah, but there's nothing to live. There's nothing to get. There's no king. What am I going to buy? You get the better mud house, the two room mud. All right, stay there. Oh, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass. You're obviously a son. The Opie and Anthony show. It makes me sick. One oh two seven. W. N. E. W. One oh two seven. W. N. E. W. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey, hang with Jeffrey Ross. I guess he's like our new friend. He's been in here a couple of times. I like being in here, man. Getting to know him a little bit, Anthony. Yeah. Just got back from Cuba. This one hell goes to Cuba. It's amazing. And I've never known anybody that goes there. Really? You must have just exhausted every other place on the globe if you chose Cuba. Well, it was between Maine and Cuba. You know, it's New Year's. It's a millennium. When am I going to do that? Yeah. It's very rare that I could just disappear nowhere. So you spent New Year's, though? Yeah, New Year's Eve. I went to a party. I went to a party, then I went to a disco. The discotheque. Let me tell you what this place is like. The men's room attendant was a goat. You throw your garbage on the floor and he eats. I mean, you know, it's really, really in the middle of nowhere. Third world. Ten-hour drive from Havana, which isn't exactly Paris. You know what I'm saying? A beautiful city, beautiful people. But I was really out in the world. I'm sure you didn't have to worry about the Y2K problem down there. They don't have computers yet, so I think you were just fine down in Cuba, right? I left in the 27th, so it was just when Seattle decided they were kind of on maybe we will, maybe we won't. I was Y2K to death. I was just hearing it, hearing it, hearing it. And I'm talking to this guy right in Havana. I asked him about Y2K in my broken Spanish, and he goes, no, no compendio, que es Y2K. And I said, oh, God, I'm in the right place. They didn't even know what I was talking about. It's so weird. It's so weird. Can you imagine you go to every store, you go to check in at the airport, and you give them your locator number, and they have to write it down and go check and see if you have a reservation. It's not all compendio. Right. Pressing buttons or anything. They're looking through paper. It's people doing work. Something you don't see anymore. You don't feel a little scared, though, at the airport? The airport, you know, it's like the people, they can't rob you. They can't rip you off. They can't do that because, you know, if you sell meat, they're not allowed to sell meat. Really? Beef. Six years in jail. Six years for selling meat. You know what I'm saying? So you know you're not going to get taken. It can't happen. Right. There's a lot of people looking for a hustle and stuff like that, help you find your way around or to find chicks and stuff like that. They'll help you. Plenty of chicks to buy? Yeah. There's a lot of beautiful women in Cuba. I'm going to have to leave it at that because I'm on the rainy El Carre. What did you eat? The national dish of Cuba is a ham sandwich. Without the ham. You know, I ate, I seated with friends and way out in the boonies and the food was delicious. We stayed with a great, she was a great cook and they make do and they really put together a nice shrimp and it's by the beach and you can really put something together. But when you're on the road and the rest stops and they have this place called Arapidos, they're like 7-Eleven. But with like, they only have three things and they're the same place all over. It's pizzas with ham on it. They're frozen pizzas. Right. But they're basically mostly bread, a little bit of sauce and cheese and they put some ham on it or you don't have ham on it. Pollo, fried chicken, which has the texture of steak. It's tough. And make that two things. John, what's going on? How are you doing? This is Joe. Oh, Joe, you were in Cuba? Yeah, I performed at Guantanamo Bay down in 88. What are you, stripper? I was down near the Marine Bank. There was this abandoned bank on the Cuban side and they would have workers come in, they would strip search them, come in and going every day. It was quite interesting. All right. Quite interesting watching guys getting stripped there. Well, you know, it was an interesting thing, what they would go through. But I tell you, it was very, very wild on the U.S. side, inside the base. So if Jeffrey ever gets a chance to go back down there and perform on the base, I highly recommend it. The military women get awfully lonely down there. Yeah, I bet. All right. All right, thanks guys. Well, thank you, John. And that's what you want, the army broads. Because they're the most attractive ones. It's just like stripes. You're going to see PJ Soles in a uniform. Yeah. I swear to God. Who's your sergeant? Jeff, you're next. What's going on? Hey, how are you doing? All right. I was in Jamaica and they have like flights that fly over to Cuba, like takes two and a half hours. And I don't know what part he was in, but I landed, I think I landed in a marijuana field. And you got guys with cigars and glasses, just like the movies, Carrie and Uzi. And I don't know where he was. And you know, they're eating dog. I mean, it was just, it just fucked me out. Maybe you missed the island. I don't know. I think you were in Staten Island. Staten Island. Yeah. That's what I wanted to say, guys. Hey, what's that, a train? No, no, you did all right. No, thanks. People must be scared crap. You know, no, the people are very, yeah, there's no drugs because it's, it's in your life. Right. Firing squad. Really? Yeah. That's how they feel about drugs. It's a communist dictatorship. There's no drugs. There's no, there's no, it's not happening. Someone's got to be sneaking drugs somewhere in that country. It's all about rum. Uh-huh. You know, they get rum. It's everywhere, straight. It's delicious. It's like candy. You know, it's full of sugar and they get, it's three hours a bottle. Right. And it's delicious. They call it cuba libre, rum and coke. And it's, it's like drinking a lollipop. It's so good. They put a lime in it. Maybe that's where the crack is. In the rum. In the rum. The rum and the beers are like, you know, they're really strong. Yeah. I'm borderline. I'm like literally one Christmas party away from being a drunk, I think. That's what the commies like doing, keeping their population drunk. Yeah. They were definitely partying. You waking up there, Jeff? I feel great. You look tired. You're going to be all right today? Yeah. Okay. We're going to smoke these cigars? Yeah. You could light up one of the cigars. Really? Yeah. We don't have a boss today, right? You want one? Wow. That's going to puff in here. Sure. Oh, this is incredible. Smoking Cuban cigars, lime in the shot. We got to support authority. Is that all right? Yeah. These aren't the, these are Amante Crystals. These are great. Oh, yes. Those are the biggies. Those are the ones we were smoking down there. You can get one in. I'll pass. They say Habana on it. Habana means Savannah. Yes. I don't have a cutter. I'm trying to... Uh-oh. That could be a problem. I want to get out of here. No, you bite it. Come on. People cigars. He's got a little thing. Yeah, this is cool. I have a little... This is fine. We'll celebrate the new year. A little Cuban cigar. Yeah. And Jeffrey Ross is going to help us out with the rock interview. Rock's coming in in a little while. He's a pussy. Uh-oh. I'm not wrong at that. We're kind of concerned because he's got the rock character that he is on the WWF. But the interviews we've seen him on, he's been Dwayne Johnson, who he really is. He's like... Because the rock on TV is like... Like what Sable's doing? Like what Sable does? Yeah. You know, the rock is kind of like, you know, hey, I'm the rock and I'm the... You know, he's always talking about how great he is and everything. And then he's on the interviews like, yeah, well, I'm buying my new book. I'm Dwayne Johnson. Dwayne Johnson, the rock. You know, smell what the rock's cooking. He's the one to act probably. You can't act as the rock. He's easy. Maybe that's it. What's this? Oh, look at that. We're distracted. We got a razor blade. What are we going to do, coke too? Jesus Christ. No, we're going to cut these... He's got like the blade. Perfect. Thanks. Oh, yeah. All right. Yeah, I need a light, an ashtray and a couple of broads. You're all set. We've got a bunch of little kids outside the studio. Oh, my God. Really? You know what they call... They call... I had a joke. You know, it's really fun for me as a comedian to make people laugh who don't speak English. It's like... Who've never seen me... What a challenge. And the thing that got everyone cracking up is I would call Ricky Martin, whenever he came on, he would come on in Spanish and the disco and stuff. He can't buy it, but they know what it is. Right. They think all pop music is the Backstreet Boys. That's the ashtray. And they think... I called him Ricky. My buddy and I called him Ricky Marty Cone. Ricky Marty Cone. And they would crack... That was the funniest joke you could say. I'm a little late with the cigar cutter, but thanks. Somebody was going to come down on one of us. I'm going to light mine. There goes Jeffrey Ross lighting up a big fat Cuban. Fat Cuban. Look at that. We have authentic contraband right here in the studio. What embargo. I don't know what you're talking about. Start chewing on that bad boy, man. Look at him, man. Puff away. Thank you. There you go. Lucy, I'm home. Hey, Fred. What do you think? Tastes good. Who are the matches? You go to the other side. This place is going to be... That's all right. You know, this is the last show of the day that broadcasts from here, so... I love the studio. And what are you thinking, man? It's like... Nah, it's... They're strong. And you know what the best cigars are? They have the local ones. No, they have nothing written on them. They're just rolled in these little towns. You should have brought some of those home. Oh, he probably did. He's keeping those for himself. He's not stupid. It's like literally, it's for like 50 cents. You get 10 of them and stuff like that. All right. Just going to sit here and pop on a Cuban. That's okay. Patiently waiting for the Rock. I guess we could take another break. And the Rock should be here in a few minutes. We're going to continue our interview with Jeffrey Ross, and we'll bring Rock into the fold as well, Anthony, okay? All right. And don't forget, Jeffrey Ross at Caroline, starting tonight at 8 p.m. Boy, I got a buzz. And playing all weekend. Through Sunday. Through Sunday. Yeah. Masturbation in the car. We can't pass that up. No, no. We're going to go right to that. That's like breaking news on CNN. And they just break in. When we get something that says masturbation in the car, we have to go right to it. Katie. Hi, guys. Hi, what's going on? Nothing. I've been trying to get through for ages. I wanted to see if anybody out there ever masturbates while driving in the car. Yeah, we've had a few of those calls. I've done that, sure. Yeah. Jesus. On a regular basis. Wait a minute. Yeah, I'll minute. Jeff? I've masturbated thinking of my car. I've masturbated in the car. In your car? Oh, yeah. Long trip? I slept in a car two days ago. How long of a trip does that have to be? You've got to spank one out. Sometimes you get really bored in the car. If you're stuck in traffic and stuff, you want to pass the time. A couple of times I've really done a great job parallel parking, and I would say, oh, gosh, I just got to throw that out. One move. Yeah, Katie. I like to play with myself when I'm driving to work in the morning. Well, what about driving home? Sometimes, yeah. Driving to work in the morning? So you're sitting at work with like Stink Finger and stuff? No. No? You wash up? Well, you've got to be a little goopy down there. Well, you know. You don't want to. I'm sitting there. Well, could you start masturbating? You can touch the outside. Are you in the car now? Yeah. Could you, you know. Don't let her rip. Well, how am I going to steer? Well, if you do it in the morning, you could do it in the afternoon. Well, I'm not usually on the cell phone at the same time. Oh, I see. Yeah, I think a lot of people do that in their cars, sure. Yeah, we've heard from some people. I think more, amazingly enough, more women than men. Men just, I don't think they can wait to get out to the car. Is that a male thing to bring up? Well, no. Spang it out in the car. Katie, hold on a sec. This guy in line nine, speaking of guys whacking at Greg. Yeah, what's up? What's up? Nothing. She really caught my attention real quick because about three days ago, I just got back from Florida. You know, I love you guys. I came back and turned her right the hell on. And I was coming home from the airport and nonetheless, you know, I'm driving a freaking blazer. So, you know, I'm a little higher up than every average, you know, guy in the road. And what happens, but you look over and there's a guy looking at another girl. I'm sorry about that. No cursing. No cursing. So you saw a guy looking at a girl and what was he doing? Yeah, rewind. All right. So a guy looking at the girl. Thank goodness he was looking at the girl because I would have flipped. Otherwise, he was looking at her and he obviously was making a very standard motion with his right arm. Right arm that you could only put into one situation there. He was just really getting off in this and it was just the worst situation I've ever seen in my life. I really hope the men never have to run into other guys in the road satisfying themselves. So didn't you just turn away when you realized what the guy was doing? I sped away when the light turned green. It was at a red light for goodness sake. Oh, I see. What are you going to do in that situation? You look away. Well, I did look away for it. It's not like every guy in the highway is whacking it. You can look somewhere. When you're in the situation, when you're sitting next to them at a red light, you're going to inch forward so he's out of your sight and not think about it? Hell yeah. I try to. All right. Well, thank you. No problem. Bye. Peace. Jason, you're next. What's going on? Yo, what's up, dude? All right. Yo, I crashed my bike. Wait. I don't know if they dumped out. So you crashed your van, your work van, because you were whacking it? Yeah. Yo. Yo. I'm on the road all day. What am I going to do with myself? I'm right around looking at penthouses and I slammed into the abutment on the turnpike right by New Brunswick. Yeah, it was pretty funny at the time. My boss didn't think so, but I thought it was pretty funny. That's hilarious. You guys are great, man. I love your show. Thank you, Jason. I've been in my van all day long. Obviously, I have another job now. They fired me, but you know. All right. Yo, thank you. Yo. Very good. You guys have a great New Year. All right. You too. Later. I don't know how you can spank it. Look at all the people on the phones that want to talk about it. So is it a common thing? Yeah. I don't know. That's a little rough. What happens with the toll? Yeah, really? Oh, you've got to time it, right? Oh, here you go. You've got to time it, right? Not on the parkway. It's got to be an open road. That parkway is every 15 feet. You've got to put it back in your pants. Another toll. It's like, hey, the change won't come out of my hand. Oh, God. Here you go, pal. Oh, my God. The rock is here. OK. Oh, is he? Let's take a break. We'll talk to the rock next. He's freaking huge. Opie and Anthony. This is debauchery mania. Prostate exams for everyone. 1027 WNEW. If you smell what the rock is cooking. It's 1027 WNEW. It's the Opie and Anthony Show in Studio Jeffrey Ross. And slowly but surely, we'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. Rock on the rock. Yeah. And she's pretty cold because I guess she's got it, mate. Girls chasing you all over the place. She's good. She's supportive. Can you give her the rock bottom there? She knows her role. In the sack? She knows her role. Can you give her the rock bottom in the sack? No can go there, brother. No, huh? The people something else. There's this girl that we've got to get to really fast. Sarah! This girl is losing it. I think she represents every female in the tri-state area. So we decided to throw you on, Sarah. Sarah, you're talking to the great one, the rock. Oh my God. Oh, I would just love to say you are the sexiest man alive. You have enabled me to have orgasms with my boyfriend for the first time. I put on your video and every time we do it, we watch your video. And you are the best. Oh my God. Well, thank you so much. Now you can talk to the rock. I thought you'd be bigger, man. What's that? I thought you'd be bigger. You think? Yeah. That's a jacket. Don't let the jacket fool you. That's Jeffrey Ross, a very funny man. It doesn't matter who he is. Uh-oh. Don't mess with me, man. I'm a black-domed karate. Is that right? Yeah. Okay. Hello? Yes, what else? I would just like to know if the Rock and Rollers was in store for his character in the future. Well, you know, just to continue to entertain the millions and millions of people that are watching this show, I would like to know if you would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. I would like to see the Rock and Rollers in the future. Yeah, you see that? We're in Raw Magazine this month. I saw it. I saw the article. Oh, you did? Yeah. And I'm chewing on you. But, uh, Opie's got your ass in his mouth. You can really smell what the Rock's cooking there. So you're doing the book signing tonight, but we gotta ask you, you've been doing the book tour today. Why the View? Oh my God. Why the View? Did you feel out of place this morning with Barber and Star Jones and the rest of them? No, not at all. Maybe not too many people know this, but they're some of the biggest Rock fans there are. Meredith and especially Star and Lisa Ling and, uh, of course, Joy. We gotta work on Barber a little bit. She's getting around. She's coming out to it. The Rock likes hanging out with the View chicks though? Well, they're good. I did the View last year and it was a good time, so I decided to do it again. Nice fact, though, if it was between you and Star Jones for a title belt, you'd be a little bit intimidated. You think so? I might do the job for Star. Nice. I wouldn't want to meet her in a dark alley. That's all I could say. Say sweetheart. Yeah, okay. So many people want to talk to you. Jennifer, what's going on? We got The Rock in the studio. Hi. Hi. Okay. Oh boy. Talk to The Rock now, Jennifer. Oh, I just want to tell him he's like my favorite wrestler and I never used to watch wrestling. My boyfriend got me to watch it and now he got me a six foot poster of The Rock and I kiss him every night before I go to bed. You've got to get up early for the sixth grade though. Sixth grade? How old are you? I'm 18. Okay. Oh, well. I appreciate that. I just want to know, can I have tickets? On my birthday, my mom's going to get me tickets front row, but I don't know if I'll be able to. I'm sure Opie and Andy can take care of that. You know what? 18. She's eight and one or nine. No, you know what? I think we have a pair of tickets to the Continental Arena show. Screw it. We'll give them to you, Jennifer. Really? Oh my God, thank you so much. Hold on the line, okay? These are my tickets. Bye. Tell Spaz Line 1. Sorry, Jeff. She gets a pair of tickets. So what can we expect in this book, Rock? What's in here? Well, it's pretty candid, pretty open. Obviously, I talk about a lot of things. Not only do I talk in the character of The Rock, a lot of it is in the character of The Rock, of course, with your typical Rock promo and entertaining Rock stuff, but a lot of it is Zwayne Johnson and growing up in the business, growing up in this industry. A lot of the things I've seen, we all got our hard luck stories and mine was no different no worse, no better than the others. And in that, you see that. And a lot of times, a lot of people say, you take The Rock, Stone Cold, that saga right there. A lot of people see that out in the arenas and all the interviews we've done and things like that. And of course, the matches we've had, well, not a lot of people dare say anybody other than people in our office and people backstage see exactly what goes on between The Rock and Stone Cold in the back. Intimately, kind of go into that and just a whole bunch of things. There's of course a very important chapter on Owen and a lot of it, obviously, growing up in the business and seeing what I've seen so far. Right. You think Stone Cold will be back? There's a lot of questions. It seems up in the air. He's going in for surgery any day, right? Yeah, I believe he's got his surgery, January 17th. And yeah, I think he's going to be back. He knows there's going to be one more Rock, Austin, WrestleMania. I see him next year. Right. You got to feel pretty good. You're like getting all the heat, man. He better hope he doesn't come back, buddy. That's why I'm so excited. Don't come over there and put his foot right in your camp. I'm not afraid of you, man. My dad's a lawyer, mother. Jeffrey and The Rock, man. We could have fight clubbing. I don't think it would last too long. It would last long, but. Mike, what's up? What's up, fellas? All right. You got a question for The Rock? Yeah, I do. Hey, Rock, first of all, let me preface this by saying you are my man. Thank you. Now, there's a rumor going around. Do you want something stuck up your candy ass? There's a rumor going around that you had some sort of breast reduction, shall I say. Yeah. Is that true? Yeah. It's because you're simulant, right? Yeah. Well, no, not because I was simulant. Wait, you really had breast reduction? Yeah. Yeah, it was one of those things where it was like a part of a liposuction deal done. And I had a little bit of fat. I had that taken out. Let me ask you one more question. Did you have like baloney tits or something? No, it wasn't baloney. It wasn't anything like a, it wasn't like a Mark Henry tits. It was like a little bit of fat. It wasn't anything like a, it wasn't like a Mark Henry tits or anything. Hey, you guys got any tickets for me? Honestly, yeah. I'm in seventh grade. Yeah, but you're not, you're not a cute girl that's ready to have an organ. I can be. I'll dress up like a cute girl. Hey, I'll give you tickets to see me, man. Okay. A Caroline? Yeah, obviously, yeah. Yeah, Jeffrey Ross up here in a Caroline tonight. Let's not forget him today. All right, fellas, thanks a lot. All right, thank you. We're kind of pissed off that you got mankind fired there, Rock. You're pissed off that the Rock caught mankind. Did you not follow the storyline or the pink slip? The pink slip. I think that the Rock got mankind fired. It was what you was you or him. What's that? It was you or him. Well, how'd it go? Prefer that the Rock been fired. Well, you know, mankind, mankind's pretty cool. You know, kind of has no doubt. Pretty cool. I don't want to diss the Rock or anything like that. You know, but mankind is pretty cool. And I think the WWF could use him, have him back again. Is Cactus Jack coming back? Mankind will be back, no doubt. Cactus might be back too, we'll see. Yeah, seems to be growing his beard a little longer, looking a little more like Cactus. He's getting ready. Matt, what's up? Yeah, I just wanted to know why the Rock, I mean, everybody loves him, but that people's elbow is the lamest thing I've ever seen. I mean, I've been watching wrestling a long time, since like the late 70s. And I remember in the mid-80s, this guy, his name was Coco Beware. He had this thing called the Ghostbuster that was devastating. I mean, I'm wondering how come such a well-known character doesn't have a better finishing move? I love his finishing move. Well, let the Rock ask you this. How exactly are you the authority on finishing moves? All I'm saying is that it doesn't look painful. It really doesn't. Well, you know, you bounce off the rope, you do your arm thing, you do a little dance, and then you drop on the guy, and it looks like you barely touch him. It doesn't look painful. So are you to tell the Rock that the Stunner is physically painful? I didn't say anything about the Stunner. I'm just talking about you. Why am I going to talk about someone that's not there? Well, what are you talking about? You really don't even know what you're talking about. I mean, DDD, anything. I've been watching this a long time. It doesn't matter how long you've been watching it. What the Rock guarantees is this. If you lay your fat ass down and let the Rock drop the finger down, it will unwind and thrust the guy. That's funny. You know what? I wish you would do that to me, because I would take you for everything you have. Oh, no. I will say that. He's bringing in his finishing move, the Lawyer. I mean, is that a law? I'll tell you what. Well, the Rock is easy to find. Is that a law? The Rock is easy to find. Is that your finishing move, or can you make it up? All right. Thank you, man. Hey, Chris, you're next. What's going on? Hey, what's going on? Hey, Rock. What's that? What's your real name again? Dwayne. It doesn't matter what your real name is. The Rock didn't even answer you, G-Brownie. Yeah. It doesn't matter at all what I'm cooking. All right. Well, you guys really know how to track them. I'm just going to let you know that. Well, let me tell you, we sure share a lot of the same demographic as WWF. I'll tell you that much. We've got a lot of the same listeners as you guys have viewers. You know, it's the young male audience, aside from, I'm sorry, Rock, the ladies coming out in droves for the Rock. At times. You ever see some of those signs and get pissed off? Some of the funny ones out in the audience? They catch your eye? Oh, yeah. Never get pissed off. I don't know. That's just their fans being creative. Do they make you laugh inside when you're trying to wrestle, when you see some of those things? Yeah, they make me laugh when I'm not even inside. It's cracked up. There's something about seeing a sign that says, a big red retard, or something like that. The picture of King. That was me. Rock believes it. Is it true that you're going to wrestle Chief Jay Strongbow? What? You don't remember that guy? You don't remember that guy? I remember Chief Jay. What kind of question is that? You guys actually pay this jabroni? He came in to plug his gig at Caroline's. Can't you tell he's a very funny man, right? What's jabroni? What's his gig at? Where is it? I'm in the circus. Is that right? He just got back from Cuba. This morning. And he's been handing out the Cuban cigars and stuff. You want one? No. You're a health freak, I bet. You're very good-looking, man. I'm not gay, but I would definitely say I was. This is the best-looking guy I've ever seen. I can't believe you're here. No scars, no nothing. Inside. I understand. On the heart, man. A lot of scars that he'll talk about in his book. Book signing tonight. We have a few more minutes with you, Rock. All right. Quick break, and we'll be back. Stay there. Tunes with Tunes. I think every time we open our mouths, we're pissing someone off. We're out of control. We're so wacky. All right, knock it off. 1027 WNEW. If you smell what the Rock is cooking. You got that right. We got the Rock live in the studio, Anthony. Yes. Actually, Dwayne, Dwayne Johnson. Do you want us to call you Dwayne? Rock Dwayne. The Rock is his Hebrew name. It's all the same. It's 1027 WNEW. Jeffrey Ross also on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Jeffery Ross, on the rock. Page 277. With the success, of course, has come a fair amount of criticism, most of which is either unfounded or misdirected. It's funny. I don't recall Brian De Palma getting that much heat when he directed Scarface. I don't recall hearing anyone jump all over Steven Spielberg for the violence and... I don't know, man. Who was the ghostwriter with you? Mike Tyson? Oh my God! No, no, that came directly from me. Well, a lot of the criticism from the violence, I guess. Well, wait a minute, what's the problem with Joe Layden? Oh, I'm just kidding. Oh, yeah, now you're backing out real quick. Looking him back, pal. I mean, I mean... I'm just kidding. I'm afraid of you. I'm trying to act tough, but I'm definitely a little afraid. And they make me sit next to you, tell like they hide me in a corner, either. I'm frankly on the guy's lap. We placed you there on purpose to have him as a buffer. We have all this counter space. We're a buffer. Yeah, we're scared. We're a buffer. No, a buffer. A buffer, a buffer, sorry. Yeah, we're just kind of scared of you. We're like pets of that geeks. So the holidays are coming up. It's clear that you haven't been working out. Have you just... Yeah, I've been kind of sick. You should get your act together because... Rock, we are waiting for you to just pummel him. You can do it at any time. It might not be worth the rocks. What's with the watch? Is that a Rolex though? What is that? It is. I got that off 48th Street. Goddamn Rico over there. He bought one of the works. He didn't want to buy one that's worth a little money. You know, the Rock... Have you ever seen what the Rock does in the ring? Yeah, I'm a huge, huge fan of Stone Cold. But anyway... He actually likes Goldberg, he told us off mic. And we don't even talk about the WCW on our show. I'm a big wrestling fan. I love it. Yeah, all right. The Rock doing a... Assigning a Tower Records... Where is this? East 4th Street and Lafayette in the East Village. I hear it's a mob scene already. It's been a mob scene since what? 5 a.m. this morning I'm here? 5 a.m. Man, a ton of people want to talk to the Rock. Let's go, the phone's here. Mike, you're next. What's going on? Finally, I'm off hold. Hey Rock, I just wanted to ask you, what's the deal with you getting your ass kicked lately? Lately? Well, yeah, I mean, every time you go out, you're getting pounded. Man, are you referring to Raw where it was 3 on 1 and the Rock still won that match? Is that the one you're talking about? That's true. Thank God Mankind came in and saved your candy ass, if I may say candy ass. Well, you may not say that to the Rock. Oh, I'm sorry Rock, I felt that. Don't dare use a brony. Oh, I felt we knew each other a little better now. Absolutely not. Security, security. And beating up those guys. But I got another question for you. When you're at the arena, coming up... Yes. He knows about it. Are you going to talk at the Continental Arena or are you just going to wrestle? Is the Rock going to talk or just wrestle? Yeah, are you going to do your thing? Are you going to get up on the ring rope or are you going to go nuts and get the crowd going or what? Yeah, that's likely. All right, because I've heard rumors that a lot of times if it's not Heat or Raw, you guys don't do any talking. No, not with the Rock. Not every single night. It doesn't really matter whether it's a Heat or a House Show or Raw, SmackDown, it doesn't matter. All right, cool, man. I definitely see there. All right. Thank you, Mike. No more. Julio. Yes, how you doing, guys? You're next with the Rock. What's up? How's it going, guys? Rock, I want you to take Jeff and check him into the SmackDown Hotel right now. You don't like Jeffery Ross making fun of the Rock? How could he have a piece in my mind? I'll give you a ride on my boat. I got my own move. You got your own move? Yeah. What the hell do you mean by that? It's called the tickle. Do you have a question for the Rock? Yes, Rock. I rub my head in your familiar. Are you going to take care of somebody in the Royal Rumble right now? What's that? Say that again? Who are you going to take care of on the Royal Rumble? Well, right now it's probably just going to be in the Rumble itself. All right. Dan, you're next with the Rock. Hey, what's going on, guys? What's up? Hey, I'm a big fan of you guys. I want to call up and talk to the Rock. Hey, Rock. Hey, man. Hey, listen, I know you've been doing some TV shows here and there, and I was wondering if you were going to be on any one any time soon. Eight thousand matters! I love you, Rock. You're great. I love you, too. I love you, too. You got the Rock. How many times a day does that happen to the Rock? Constantly. Constantly. People throwing your lines back at you. It's a little frustrating. Joe, you're next. What's going on? Joe, you're next. We lost Joe? All right. Sal, you got a question for the Rock. Uh oh. Sal, you're next. Let's go. Hey, Rock. What's up? Hey, man. Oh, nice to see you. I just heard a few rumours that you're going to be totally changing your appearance. The personality of the person that you're talking to is not that good. You're going to have to be totally changing it. It's not going to be a problem. Your rule is that you're going to be totally changing your appearance, your personality and everything? No, no truth to that. Because of all that crap on the internet that you can't hardly believe and stuff. I got a suggestion for all of you. Instead of having a train wreck, which is good, you should have Rock come up with something and start to play that. Yeah, it's not a bad idea. He doesn't know what you're talking about. We'll tell him off air. You guys rule. You're the great one. I got nervous there all again. Is this there? All right, Sal, thank you. All right, Mike, you're next with the Rock. What's going on? Hello? Yeah, Mike. Yeah, what's up, guys? What's up? Rock, you're the great one, right? So listen to me. Why aren't you getting any push? You lost to the boss man. What's up with that? We need to call Vince. That's boss man. He's some jaboni. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. He's got a lot of money. All right, Mike. All right, thank you. Thank you a lot. Later. Cute kid. Rock, because of you, we have all the kids listening today. They begged their moms to listen to the Ophian Anthony show. Yeah. And we had to hold off on our shows we usually have. We have, well, one of them we had was a girl that shot an egg out of her vagina. Nine feet. Nine feet. Nine feet. Nine feet. Nine feet. Nine feet. Nine feet. Nine feet. Nine feet. Nine feet. Nine feet. Nine feet. So usually the kids don't get to listen. But I wonder why. You should have been here for that show. And you think the WWF is shocking. You should see this show on a daily basis. Although the Moola Mae Young thing, what do you personally think of that whole thing? That's interesting. Yeah. It certainly is. When you see a half nude old broad getting thrown over the top row, how the hell do you change the channel? It's impossible. I'm glued to the screen. And that happens. You don't have to deal with them, right? They don't usually put you in any matches. No, the Rocks are really not currently involved with the Moola Mae Young storyline. Thank God, right? Although is Mark Henry really banging that old broad? Because I really can't tell. It seems like he is really romantically involved. He may be. Knowing him, right? He may be. Just for the record, he may be. Picture that scene, man. Hey, when's Vince coming back? He's on his six week vacation or something? Pretty soon. Because we're getting a little tired of the Stephanie storyline. It was fun at first, but now it's time to move on. Yeah, Stephanie in that triple H. She's got to stop making that Shane face. You ever see her, Stephanie, making a Shane face? Like you just smelt a bad fart. He like puckers up the lips. She does the same thing. Puts them up. Like they're smelling what the Rock is cooking after Chinese or something. I don't know. All right, Anthony, you're next with the Rock. What's going on today? Rocky, what's up? Hey, man. Listen, man, I know you got to show a little respect because I saw a triple H and he's married to her, but what do you think about China? Is she hot or what? That's not bad. Not bad. Are you digging her? Well, you know, those cans, man. She's looking a lot better than she used to. I'm not giving her that much. That's for sure. Rocky, man, you're the best. You're the best. You're the real man. I appreciate it. Take care, man. All right. There's a guy on the line that said he went to school with you. Yeah, Rock. Hi. How's it going? Hey, man. I was just wondering, when are you going to come up and do a line? Yeah. Don't you think your line's a little played out now? No, not really. You may think it. Yeah, I think a lot. But it doesn't matter what you think. You know what? Let me ask you another question. No, seriously. I got a good line for you. I've fallen and I can't get up. That would catch on. That could be the next one. That's a T-shirt right there. Scott, you're next with the Rock. What's going on? Hey, how you doing, old man? Hey, man. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. favorite wrestler well obviously you know I looked up to my dad and my grandfather who were in the business but I'd have to say probably the entertainers would have to be probably a magnificent Morocco you can include Rick Flair as well. Keep up the great work you guys are awesome. Rock you are the great one. I'm not going to bother you with doing any of your tacky catch lines but I know what you're talking about. Eddie you're next with the Rock we only have a few minutes left here what's going on? Yeah I just want to ask the Rock what he thought about when the road dog was on your show he was talking all that trash about him. Oh yeah the road dog did talk a little trash about the Rock. It almost sounded like you two were talking real life. Kind of have a little tiff going. No there's no tiff with the Rock there's a tiff with road dog. He's the type of guy who's kind of insecure at times and very jealous and it's just that sometimes. When are you going to lay the smack down on him again? Whenever I get the script. Alright Rock you want to go one on one with me? No you might hurt the Rock man. That's right you know that. He's a tough dude. That's right. Rock you're great Rock I'll talk to you later. Hey Rock does it ever get real in the ring when you really don't like the guy? Like you give it a little extra push or something? Not really I mean I'm pretty much professional in there and the rest of the guys in WWF are professional guys. We've got an issue it will be handled back in the back and never in the ring in front of everybody. Nice curse from the Rock. Alright. It is what it is. Curse in the book too. What's your personal view on toning down the whole damn wrestling thing? Because it pisses us off all these people coming out of the woodwork saying it's too violent. Well it's easy to say that. It's easy to say that. You know on network television you'll find it a lot worse. We don't murder people obviously on our show and a lot of times our show is reality based but at the same time you'd be an idiot to think that it's completely legitimate because it's not. I remember seeing the boss man getting hanged. That's right. That's true. Wait a minute that looked like murder to me but then like Wile E. Coyote he was back the next day with no problem. That's right. Wait a minute they hung him yesterday what happened? Some stuff's real. That blood on Austin's head sometimes I don't know that seems real. There's a lot of real things that happen. Blood's real. Blood's real. Alright. Cool. Any contact that maybe shouldn't have happened? I see a lot of times looks like Xbox doing that spinning back kick. How the hell you know where that's going to land every time? Well that's just one of those that's a hell of a kick you kind of just got to suck it up. I mean sometimes I swear to Christ you just smack someone in the side of their head. You see him like that. Wait a minute he just kicked him in the head. Right. Bleeding. Did you ever catch anything? From Xbox? Off-guard yeah. Yeah a couple of them. Yeah. He's a little bit weak anyway though compared to The Rock. Look at you. Right? You break him in half. Mark you're next with The Rock. What's up? Anthony is such a wuss. Why? Why don't you do your impersonation of him? What? The great one. Do your impersonation to his face. What impersonation? The impersonation you always do when you talk about him. I don't know what you're talking about. In a loving way. He doesn't trash The Rock. I don't trash The Rock. He doesn't trash The Great One. It's like everybody does an impression of him. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. I don't know what you're talking about. Alright wait what has he said Mark? He's always saying you know, oh I'm going to take this and stick it up this and you're always saying... Well Mark, why don't you take that telephone, shine it up real nice, turn that sun bit sideways and stick it straight up your candy ass. That old gag, that old gag Rock, you know. I don't show him. He's rolling his eyes like... I'm sure for a second people are looking at each of us thinking who's The Rock in here, you know. You really can't tell. Alright shut up Mark. Matt you're next, what's going on? Hey guys, how's it going tonight? Alright. Rock, I ever wondered with so many cool heels and the lack of like hated heels, I was wondering if you ever had to turn The Rock evil again. Would you ever think about bringing back third generation superstar Rocky Maivia since like everybody pretty much hated him? No, not necessarily because he was a baby face. You know when Rocky Maivia became The Rock, The Rock went out there and you know he crapped on the people, he did what he had to do to get legitimate heel heat. He did that and you know made no bones about it. You know, would say hey this ain't sing along with The Rock and good night trailer park trash every single night. No, I think if the time were ever to happen where The Rock would turn evil again, who wouldn't have to go back to Rocky Maivia? He'd just have to kind of do exactly what he has to do and you know there's still a lot of arrogance and there's still a lot of arrogance, a lot of confidence, a lot of a lot of things you still see in The Rock now. You know just how happens he's a baby face. You know but when the time comes and it'll eventually happen whether it's two years or four or five years down the road, he'll just be still the same rock, you'll just hate him. Alright thanks a lot man. Good luck with your future right? Appreciate it. Well that's the funny thing is you didn't even try to be a good guy. I mean it just happened. Like he'd go out there and say he was the people's champ and the people were like no you're not. You know you just like being pompous and saying I'm the people's champ and then after a while it just caught on. You brainwashed everybody. You hypnotized them or something. So like yeah he is the people's champ. Hey Chris what do you have for The Rock? Rock this is one of the millions of fans. I was calling to find out what kind of injuries you've ever sustained in the ring. Oh yeah. I mean I've had a lot of injuries. I've had a lot of injuries. I've had a lot of injuries. I've had a lot of injuries. In the ring other than a couple of knee injuries. I've had a couple of surgeries already. That done shoulder injuries all the time. Pretty much your typical bumps and bruises. Yeah you can see time and time again. You see like black and blue marks on some of the wrestlers from going off the ring and everything. What about when you flip over the top? What does that do to you? Well you won't see too much flipping over the top from The Rock. Not like the Hardy Boys or anything like that. They get into it. That ladder match is still one of the most amazing things I've ever seen. We've got Sickboy in the studio. He's like a wrestling expert. You've got a quick question for The Rock there Sickboy? He's been chomping at the bit all afternoon. Yeah I was actually kind of curious about remember the MTV special over the summer? They had the feature on Tony Atlas who was your dad's tag team partner. I was kind of wondering if you saw that and what you thought about. They kind of highlighted some of the hard times that Tony's gone through over the years and him talking about being so desperate that he wanted to kill himself and all that and just what your thought on it was with your dad being his partner. Well before The Rock actually answers that, just out of curiosity, The Rock's heard of your name and The Rock's got a question for you regarding your website. Oh no. Actually I had no idea it was you who goes by the name of Sickboy. It was brought to my attention last night from the office that your website carries a lot of racist comments and I just want to hear about that. And for the most part I just want to know, it sounds like all you guys are friends and if you guys have known that this is a guy who has racist comments on his website and if in fact you guys are behind that. Oh I've seen his website a few times. He's got a bunch of writers on there and I think they just open it up to everything. Yeah I don't think there's anything ever been racist no more than any of the humor that goes on in this show. Wait now, don't flame our show. Don't lump us into that. Well I'll tell you what, after it was read, a couple lines were read yesterday, they obviously called me and read a couple lines for me, it said something like, The Rock being half black, half Samoan, doesn't know whether he should go rob houses or eat food or whatever it is and saying Jacklyn's from the jungle and Mark Henry, something about him being a gorilla or a monkey or something like that. So elaborate on that. If that's the case, if you guys are behind this guy, then really I really don't even want to be here for that matter and I certainly don't want to talk to you. Well I mean, this is nothing that's been written by me. I've got a staff of 15 writers that are on the site and the site is done as an entertainment site, adding humor and just commentary on what goes on in wrestling. I haven't seen anything that was racist on the site. Anything that I ever saw as being too extreme, it would be gone in a heartbeat. There's been plenty of stuff that gets... Well, being saying that Jacklyn is from the jungle and Mark Henry is a monkey and whether or not The Rock wants to rob houses because he's half black or he wants to eat because he's half Samoan, quite frankly I find that offensive. Well I haven't seen that. I mean, I haven't seen those posts at all. I don't know if anybody else has. I'll be honest, I've never read any of that. I've never seen one thing up on my site that would ever be racist because that's not how I was raised and that's not how I would run a website. While it's on there. Well I haven't seen it on there. If it's on there, it will absolutely be removed. But I absolutely do not condone nor do I support any of the statements made and if somebody on there has made racist comments like that, I think they're absolutely going to be fired. Can I be excused? Whoa, really? Wow. Alright. Well for the most part it's one of those things where again I was contacted, I was made aware of it and the officer was made aware of it and quite frankly I don't want to have anything to do with you. I don't want to answer your questions. And if you guys have anything to do with this guy, I quite frankly don't want to have anything to do with you guys either. Honestly, I've never read any of that stuff on the site. That's not his truth. We have a mom whenever we have wrestlers on. He's an expert, knows a lot about it. We have that on. I don't know anything about any racist postings. Like I said, we don't condone that either. I was about to buy attention last night. I know I read to me over the phone in detail. When you have an open forum, especially on the internet, there's not really much you can do about it. Well apparently it was from the writers who you must employ somehow. Well they're not paid writers at all. They're hired based on their writing skills. But if I had known somebody was personally... Or blackout for that matter. Well, I apologize for anything that you may have taken offense to. I absolutely do not condone that type of writing, especially on my website. It's something that I put a lot of hard work into and it's been up for two years now. We've put a lot of energy and a lot of money into it to make it something to be proud of and for something like that to be on it. It's a black eye to the site and it's a black eye to me. And I apologize to you and Jacqueline and anybody else from the WWF who if somebody had made a comment like that to them, then they will absolutely be gone. You mean African-Americans? Alright, enough with that. Wow, boy that sure turned around quick. Look at that. What the hell are you doing? So what else guys? Let's wrap this up. Yeah, no problem. Ah, ah, ah. God damn. You ruined our interview with The Rock. What happened? We were all having fun. Alright. Well we still want to thank you for coming by. I appreciate it. Yeah. Alright. Absolutely. I hope you don't hate us. Well, no, I mean if you know of this and if you tell them the truth, I'm giving you my word. You don't know much about me, but I honestly have never read anything like that on this website. And that is my word. I'm not backing down or anything. I've never read anything like that. And that's the God's honest truth. Alright. I believe it's there. I'm not going to lie, but you know, if you say it's there. I was pretty much there, you know, for the most part. Again, I was brought to my attention last night. I sat on the phone for a good couple of hours and made the publicist aware. I had no idea it was him, but I appreciate you guys having me on. Thank you. Okay. Book signings starting at 7 tonight. Tower Records, East 4th Street, and Lafayette in the East Village. Got to thank the Rock for stopping on by today. I can't even believe these were on. He's a disgusting little man. What a douchebag. Trainwreck Radio. Stand over. This is sicker than faces of death. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. Who the hell just turned off their radio? Hey. Once again, it's Opie and Anthony. Jeffery Ross still in the studio. I don't know if he wants to be associated with us anymore, but... Oh, Mike, that was crazy. That was cringe radio at its best. Jeffery Ross playing Caroline's tonight and all weekend long called Caroline's for tickets, but he is... Thanks for having me on, you guys. He will be there tonight at 8. Holy, I am like shaking. Flip from my awesomeness on instant feedback. Never have I heard your show come to such a screeching halt. Nice way to kill an interview, Sickboy. Wow. That was some of the most uncomfortable radio I have ever heard for Sickboy. Send all complaints to wdb at xwrestling.com. Dude, he's the guy you want. All right, thanks. Oh my God. Cool. He just ran right out of here, didn't he? Yeah, he walked right out. I swear to God it was like a train hit me heading out the door. Talk about a body-crasher. Oh, it was just... wow. He was having such a good time. He was going to cut liners for a show. And he saw the white devil. Wow. There was a bunch of people out there waiting to get pictures and autographs, and he just... whoosh, right through the crowd. He said goodbye to me. Yeah. He shook my hand. He said nice to meet you. Oh, we didn't get a handshaker and nothing. No, he just turned his... you know what? All of a sudden... Donna. Yes, I'm here. What's up? Very, very uncomfortable. Did he even leave? I mean, was it cordial or did he shake me with his hand walking out? No, when I was given the plug for the book and the book signing, he just turned right around and walked right out. Wouldn't shake our hand, nothing. Very, very uncomfortable. I swear. I feel bad for Jeffrey Ross. He shook Jeffrey's hand. That was about it. Very, very odd. How did that happen? Wow. You know, I'm not going to... We had no idea what was on the XWrestling.com site. No clue whatsoever. And I know as he's walking out, he thinks, you know, we knew all along what was on there. You know, I say good for him because he handled himself with a lot of class in a very uncomfortable situation. He didn't, you know, he had to do what he has to do. Well, to tell you the truth, yeah, on one hand, sure, you're right, the way he handled Sickboy. But I don't know, because Sickboy is on this show, I think he kind of looped us into this whole thing. And the interview fell apart. I think he feels that we are in some way involved with the website and with anything he might find objectionable. I think I made it clear. I don't think so. I still didn't know when he left. And if you look at the website, it looks like you guys are involved with the website. How does it look like that? If you look at that portion of it, it looks like you guys said this stuff. That we personally said it? Yeah. It makes you guys sound, it makes it sound if you read it and it's taken out of... if people are just reading lines off it. What is it, a mock interview? A mock interview. Yeah, it's a mock interview that was done yesterday. And I just want the point to be made clear in case anybody... I didn't write it. It is on XWrestling.com, which is my site. Dude, stop plugging your website in. Stop plugging your website in and go home and delete that thing. Don't worry about it. What's your problem? It's okay. I'm just pissed. Because he left here thinking that we had everything to do with that. We didn't. We got in enough trouble on our own. I don't need people accusing us for stuff that we didn't do. And we didn't do anything. We're completely innocent. As far as he is concerned, having Sickboy on our show, we are involved. And in that case, he's right that we do have him on the show. We're not involved with the website. We're not involved in any other way. But I think him knowing that we have him on our show is enough that it pissed him off. He must be very sensitive when it comes to racial stuff. He entertains kids. He's got to be. I need another beer. Can we light up the Cubans again? You want to burn Cubans? What? Hey, who's this? Is that a train? Danny. Huh? Danny, what's going on? Not much. I just wanted to call in. I think the way he left was kind of messed up. Because all you guys did was praise him the whole time. And he just turned his back on you real cold-heartedly. I'm starting to get a little pissed off now that I'm thinking about this and now that he's gone. I mean, does he have a problem with the Godfather? When the Godfather comes out pimping hoes 24-7 and smoking joints and stuff? That seems to be a racial stereotype. The whole thing is though, you know, you guys may have been so high up on the show, and they just turned it around because he reads something on the website that had no control over you or the station. It's foul. You guys die on the line, you praise them up, and he just walked out like a real jerk off. Yeah, I have so many things going on in my head right now. He said he spent two hours on the phone about this last night. So he should have brought it up as soon as he walked in the door. Because wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Because if it looks like it's a mock interview that we did with The Rock, so obviously it looks like we're associated with what was said on XWrestling.com, he should have confronted us as soon as he walked in the door. I read that post, and it's obvious. It says it at the beginning. It's a fake mock fantasy interview. You would have to be a complete buffoon to think that was real. Even if he did have a bone to pick with you guys, he should have brought it up right when he got there. It just made his point. He's walking in and putting you guys through a bear trap. I've been doing a lot of radio. This has been the most uncomfortable moment in the history of my damn radio career. When Sal was on the phone with my mom? That's second at this point, Ann. What's this? The thing that really bugged me was the fact that if they were looking at that for two hours last night, nobody took the time from one of his representatives to just send me an email and say, Oh, the representatives will probably be getting an email. I wouldn't worry about that. That's all right. They probably can't get on your site right now. It's probably being found. So, Jeffrey, what was going on in your mind? Because you were the closest to him. You were like two and a half feet away. Jeffrey, I think he told me before we were in break. He said, if we're involved with that, Jeffrey's leaving now. He's very annoyed and angry at this whole thing. No, it was like, you know, I'm in here playing around with him. He's having fun. And all of a sudden, he really meant a lot to him. I don't know. I respect that. Big time. I respect him for being forceful and clear. I had no idea that was up there. No idea. And even if it's a fake thing, even if it's clearly a fake thing, it still shouldn't be up there. I mean, the kids are looking at it. I don't have kids, but if I did, I'd be pretty pissed. Right. See, now I'm on the end of the spectrum where I say, if it's the Internet, anything goes. I say anything goes. It's the First Amendment, man. I don't care what it says. But fine, he's still got to do what he did. Okay, that's fine. He wasn't arguing the First Amendment. He was saying you're a prick and you're a racist if you let that be on your lips. I was an innocent bystander, and that's what pisses me off. I had no idea. And like he dissed us at the end of the interview, I had no freaking clue, and that's what's pissing me off. I had no idea. I told him, man to man. I had no idea about what he was talking about. I was trying to be clear without coming across like, we're totally separating ourselves from Sickboy. He's never been here before. I don't know what the site is at all. I didn't want to go that route, but I wanted him to know that, no, we don't know or condone anything that is on his website. And if you look on his website at the bottom, it says, the person that runs his website does not necessarily agree with what's posted here or anything. And I can't monitor the day anything 24 hours a day, which is a real problem. You've got 15 guys writing a whorl, you know, chomping at the bit to try and be funny. And then somebody does something that pisses off the rock. I get the heat for it. And then, you know, you guys get blown off. When you have an open forum on the Internet or in books or magazines or anything, sometimes that happens. Well, look at what happened with the New York radio message board. Yeah. And the zillions of people that... What's up, Bob? Exactly. I heard that thing. I thought you guys were dead. Yeah, well, so did we. I'm not making a joke. I was driving home. I skidded my truck and I turned up the radio. I pulled right off the road. I said, these guys are dead. Yeah, Dale from Manhattan wants to know, are you guys cleaning out your shorts and hosing off the chairs? You know, it was very real, though, what he was saying and feeling. Yeah, that was weird. But I don't think he understood that... You see, he thought that you guys were associated with SickBoy, like you had something to do with his website. Right. It's not like he came... as soon as he found out that SickBoy was there, because he says, oh, oh, he said, I saw you outside and I didn't know that you were SickBoy. Right. So as soon as he found out that he was SickBoy, that's when he went, no pun intended, ape. All right. You know what you should have done? What? Not you. SickBoy. Like right when he said that, you should have went, oh, yeah, well, I'm telling you, Rock. You know, like get into character. Yeah, because I wasn't close enough to get my ass kicked there, Ann. SickBoy, you should have seen your face, man. Classic. I could feel it. I could feel the look on my face. I'm like, there is no blood in my face right now. Rock is like a couple of feet away from him. A couple of feet, tri- like, inches or something away from me. I looked at him, had it in his eyes, I'm like, well, I'm getting my ass kicked tonight. Well, that would have been your light club, right? But it would have been by the Rock, man. Yeah, that's true. You know, at least it would have been better. That would have been Rick's light club. I'm trying to think what's the move if he starts his pummeling you? There's no move. Oh, there's no move. You just let him hit you. You just didn't watch. Get the hell out of the way. Yeah. All right, Bob, thank you. You guys would have been safe because you have Spazz, the pro wrestler in the studio. I guess Spazz could have laid some moves on him. He could have laid the, I don't want to say, bye. All right, thank you. Oh, my God. Hey, Chuck, you're next. What's going on? Yo, I can smell what was in your pants. You know that? Damn. Wow. I'll tell you something. I don't give a damn who you have on. Anybody that comes on the ONA show from now on, my ears are glued to the radio. I don't give a damn who it is. It was still good, but I'm going to tell you something. Your boy, Sickboy, this is what got him. He was like, oh, it's only the same thing that goes here on this show. I know what that killed him. And that came out only the wrong way. That's what did it, baby. Chuck's a black guy. Not that it matters, but. Apparently, he doesn't know me very well, huh? I'll tell you one thing. Joke time was over real fast. It was like poof. Oh, man. I'm going to tell you something. It was brutal, but it was still good, man. And you know what? You guys handled it very well. You know what I mean? You handled it as best as you could. You stood by the fact that you told the truth. You stood by your boy, Sickboy, who, by the way, what's the worst kind of advice ever? Getting the character. He'd have been dead boy. Never been the name of an animal. You know what I mean? But you did the best thing you could. You stood by the fact that, hey, look, this guy, we're associated with him, but not in the way that you think. And that's the truth. And what can we do about it? You know what I mean? Later on, Hank, it's still good radio. What the hell? Thank you, Chuck. Later on. Bye. Guilt by a soul. Jeffrey's leaving? I'm going to work. Oh, my God. I don't know what's havin' us anymore. That's it. It's over. That's not true. I know. Oh, man. I had a hard time. This was the best time. That's sad. That time was fun, too, with Chuck Kimmel. You're always here for some highlight. I know. Really? Last time was pretty crazy, too. All right. We'll say goodbye to Jeffrey Ross, everyone. Bye, Jeffrey. It's been a great time. It's been a great time. Thank you, man. Go see him at Caroline's. Eight o'clock show tonight. Eight o'clock show tomorrow night. Eight o'clock show Saturday. A couple of 1030 shows thrown in there Friday and Saturday as well. Come, drink, laugh. All right. Jeffrey Ross, everyone. Congratulations on another stellar day of radio. Banner day of radio. That was fascinating. Brian. You know what's cool? Hold on one sec. Hold on. The Rocks are hypocrites. Hold on. Why is he hypocrites? Why? Remember when DX did a little skit on the nation? And they all dressed up in blackface? Yeah. Didn't seem to bother the Rock at all. Yeah. I don't know about that, man. I wouldn't let that bother you. You guys froze, though, though. You guys are a bunch of pushers. Oh, yeah. What are we going to do? Get your narrow ass in here, Brian, and have the Rocks stare you down. And what are you going to say? What, are you going to get all bad? I'd be a push-up. We tried to make our point as best as we could, and we tried to make it as good as we could. And we tried to make it as good as we could. And we tried to make it as good as we could. We tried to make our point as best as we could without getting him any more pissed. You didn't see the Rock's face. And let me give you a little more information. He was not going to listen to anything we said. It was past that. He just wanted out of the studio. He knew we were still live on the air. He just wanted out. All right. He's a hypocrite, though, man. If you didn't let that bother him, you know? All right. Later on. Thank you. What are you going to say, Jeffrey? Forget the context of it all and how upsetting that was. Watching him get mad from two feet away, even though he's an entertainer, he wouldn't make eye contact with Sickboy. He knew for his own head he had to look the other way. Well, there's some stories in his book that he has a temper. He has a rage issue. Oh, that's great. No, because I was doing... Oh, my God. You didn't know that? You didn't know that? No, you didn't know that, Ant? I've been doing a little research on the Rock and stuff. He's up and he admits he has a rage issue. So when this whole thing was going down, I was just panicking, going, someone is getting killed here. Oh, my God. I'm 6'2", 250. I'm trying to find something to hide under. I'm no small guy, but the Rock's like 6'5", 6'6". The guy's got to be 2'80", and nothing but muzzle. I'm like... He looked over at me once. I saw the look in his eyes and I was like, Jesus Christ. I thought you were going down. This is the wrong... I should have stayed in bed today. I thought you were going. Yeah. All right. Oh, thank you. At least you got an autograph. Yeah, yeah, he autographed my book. In your own blood. Yeah. Tim, Tim, what's up? Timmy? Tim or Ken? Whatever, whoever you are. Take it easy, Jeff. ONA, I think that the Rock ambushed you guys, do it, come in, and had a responsibility to say that to you up front. I think ONA, you were there commenting on it earlier. I'm very suspicious because if he knew all this coming into our studio and he had a feeling that we might be associated with all that, then I wish he would have said something up front. The air should have been cleared up front and before you guys got on the air. Right. And that should not have come to the screeching halt that it did. All right. That's all I wanted to say. Thank you. I'm afraid to go to the grand opening of the WWF restaurant. Kevin, what's going on? My face is putting a cheeseburger. All right, what's up? Listen, I just want to say I was on the rock side, dude. That's okay. Just because, I mean, I agree with you guys too because I know you had nothing to do with that website, but it was obvious like he knew nothing about, you know, Six Boy being in there when he walked in because he was horsing around you guys and joking around. Right. But, what should we call it? You guys were kind of weak in your defense. You didn't really get your point across that you weren't associated with the website. Kevin, you had to see his face. He wasn't going to listen to anything we had to say he wanted out. Really? He was like, furious? I apologized man to man as best I could. And, as soon as we went to commercials, usually, you know, we take pictures with our guests. You know, we shake a hand or two. We laugh, you know. And then, usually, they go out in the hallway and they take pictures with some of our listeners that came down. And, you know, then if they're really cool, they'll cut some liners for our radio show. What happened was as soon as we hit that commercial, he turned around and walked out. Really? Without saying bye. So, he wasn't going to listen to anything we wanted to say. If we would have made it clear that we're not involved with the website, we'd have gotten 20,000 phone calls and emails going, you guys sold Six Boy down the river, you bunch of pussies, you made it sound like you were backpedaling and such. There's really nothing you could do. Well, no, no, no. The guy would pass any lab. You're sticking up your boy and all, I mean, because I would definitely do the same thing. But it was the article. I don't think it was so much the website, but the article got them all pissed off, you know. Right. First of all, the guy who runs the website has writers on it. If a writer writes something inappropriate, not only is the guy that runs the website, maybe he doesn't know it's there, but then remove it to the radio station that he comes up to every so often. I mean, it's obvious we're not involved with the website. And whether we have to explain that to the rock live on the air as he's pissed is another story. I don't think we had to. I think at that point he was pissed and he was leaving. He had already made up his mind in his head and we weren't going to talk him out of it. We can't babysit everyone that is associated with this show. We don't know what everyone does. People come in the door all the time. They got things, they got products, they got websites. What, are we supposed to look at everything and make sure everything's milky-toasty right before we put them on the air? No, it's not what the show is about. It's an open forum and there are First Amendment rights that are protected. If you have an open forum on the internet... I agree with Jeffy though. It's not the First Amendment. It's like, I mean, he wasn't saying that... Well, his personal... No, that's fine. Then he has every right to get up and leave. But we shouldn't have to backpedal or anything. Are you guys pissed off at the rock? No, he has his own agenda. That's fine. I don't. No, I respect what he had to say and stuff. But if he had any inkling that we were associated with this before he came into the studio, then yes, I am pissed that he didn't say it up front. I think it would be even more pissed if he knew that the guy who wrote that writes for Paul magazine now. Oh, not anymore. Not anymore. Well, he's no longer going to be writing for my site. I mean, barren damn T that. Alright, Kevin, thank you. Yeah, thanks a lot. Big fan, guys. Alright, bye. Bye. This is all anyone wants to talk about, but it was pretty intense. Pretty intense three minutes. Steve, what's up? Yeah, I just think the rock is a total hypocrite. And he's a real jerk. Two minutes earlier, all he's talking about is when he wants to be a bad guy again, all he's got to do is call people trailer park trash. And all of a sudden it's okay to, you know, it's okay for him to be mad. Over a website. I think it's a little ridiculous. The WWF is based on pissing people off. Period. That's why people watch it. It's entertainment. Right. And so is the website. I don't understand. Alright. Well, thank you, Steve. Alright. Have a nice day, guys. Alright, bye. Mark, you're next. What's going on? Oh, me? Yeah. Anthony, let me tell you something, man. Ask the rock. That was, I mean, how do you just come in there and with all the humor that goes on on that show like that, that he could even get mad at something that he don't even know if you guys had a part of? You know what I mean? But I pulled over and I heard you guys crafting your pen. I'm sure all you guys... That sick boy, he was stuttering so bad he didn't know what to do. I'm sure you guys all enjoyed that. Oh, that was great. I love you guys, man. But that was ridiculous. For now on, I'm not even going to watch them anymore. Alright. That was ridiculous. You guys are the best. Keep it up. Bye. Joe in Brooklyn. Yo, where in the hell was old Dirty when you need him? Yeah, he could have smoothed everything out, I'm sure. Hey, George, what's going on? What's up, guys? I love you and everything, but I never heard so many stuttering and what happened was this in my entire life. Well, come on. We admit it. We're a bunch of pussies. We're not this huge freaking guy. You watched the goddamn show. Don't... You know, we don't trick you guys. We admit we're the biggest pussies. Hey, man, no more wrong interviews, huh? What? We have nothing to do with any off-color posting on any website whatsoever. That's it. The Rock had his mind made up. He left. Yeah, but he was recording. He comes in and he's joking around with you guys. And then all... Yeah, well... You know, what was rubbing out when you needed him right there? All right. Well, thank you. All right, guys. Take it easy. Act out quiet while I'll try to... Plunk down three. I gotta hear this guy's logic. All right. Pete? Yeah? What's up? Yeah, I wanted to say that Opie stuck up for the Rock and Anthony just kept his mouth shut. Yeah, I... Because Opie was talking. What am I supposed to do? Talk on top of Opie? When he was done, then I put across my point. Well, I don't know. He just... He was just saying that he was like, we're not... We're not anything to do with it. You know, we had nothing to do with it. And you just kept your mouth shut. I didn't want to sound like I was backpedaling. I don't know. I don't know. I think you backed up. You know, you pussied out. Pussied out? Well, it made his point. You know something? I got... So much was happening at one time. I gotta listen to a tape back of that and just hear what went on. Because I thought I had explained pretty well what my point of view on this whole thing was. I don't know. I guess I was just going, I died, died, died, died, and didn't even know it. I don't think any amount of reiterating the same point was going to convince this guy otherwise. No, you could see it in his face and in his body. He was done. Done. Done. There was no talking. Well, I don't know. I just... The way I got it, I just saw Opie trying to like, you know, stick up for you guys. And one thing I learned from this show, the more you try to explain something, the... Thanks for cursing you, ass. We gotta dump out of that. Alright, man. Thanks, man. Bye. Bye. Ah. At that point, it had nothing to do with the show. It had nothing to do with you and I. I was just man-to-man telling him in his eyes I had no freaking clue about what he was talking about. Man. And that's why I'm mad because it didn't matter. His mind was made up. That's it. Done. So, I'm done. Alright. So, if he said he had heard of the website, I'm like, I gotta film this. Ain't a good thing. I saw his face. He turned around. He kind of... He did that snort thing, yeah, that you see him do in the ring. The Brahma Bull look. He did the snort thing. He kind of looked over sideways. Alright, Lisa, real fast. Yeah, I thought I was gonna cry when he was talking to you. I felt... Did you people stop cursing? I'm sorry. My bad. I'm really so sorry. But, I mean, it's like I felt really bad for you guys. I really thought that he was gonna punch you guys in the face for that. We're all bummed and stuff too because we really like... We like The Rock. It was so cool. I mean, it was like... We had a really good relationship or did with The Donut. You meet your hero and all of a sudden, like... I know we're scourges. He hates you. They're probably pulling the Raw magazine off the newsstand as we speak. I don't know, which. I don't mean to get off the subject, but Anthony, me and my friends are sitting around looking at the Raw magazine. And we could swear to God for a little bit if you look really fashion like Ernest P. Warrill. Who's that? Ernest P. Warrill. Anthony Coates de Kamp. Anthony Coates de Kamp. You must really be looking closely. I'm sorry, but I love you guys, okay? Thank you, Lisa. All right, bye. We both did our best. Dr. Bellow's impression. But it was... I swear. But I never saw what... Oh, Jeannie, I... But you... But he said... And then it was over... But we never knew... But Sickboy was... And then he said... But it was never... But we don't even know Sickboy. Richard Nelson. We don't even know why he's here. All right, we gotta take a break. We are so damn late. Oh my God. More of your phone calls in just a bit. Stay there. You guys sometimes like piss me off, okay? Anthony Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner! Yes, our good friends at Stacker 2. Let's welcome them back to the Open Anthony show, Anthony. For the new millennium. For the new millennium is right. Stacker 2 has been here since the beginning on the Open Anthony show. We appreciate that. Lots of our listeners have lost a lot of weight with Stacker 2. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. It burns the fat. It crushes the cravings in between meals. One more. And it gives you the boost of energy that you need when you're lacking weight in the day like we are. If you want to check it out for yourself, it's Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. They have a website. Everyone has a website these days. www.stacker2.com What do you think is on the Stacker 2 website, Ant? Um, chicks. There are chicks on the site. Are there? I went there, yeah. Girls that have lost weight using Stacker. Okay. Yeah, and like bikinis and stuff. Alright, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Give them a call, 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Uh, 1027-W-N-A-W, it's Open Anthony. Hey, man. What's up? What's up? We just got the people's brush off. Oh, oh. You know, we cannot stay out of trouble. We try, I thought today would be the day we'd just have a boring Opium Anthony show. Have a little interview with The Rock. And then we'd go eat some food at Paisano or something. Yeah, but no. Somehow we're always ending up in some form of trouble. Maybe it was all fake and we're just going to be part of a storyline for the WWF. Oh, you think? Yeah, that must be it. Go ahead, taunt them a little bit then. Oh, yeah. Was he, was he acting it? I don't think so. We know he wasn't. What about, like, if we go to the grand opening? Well, we are invited. Mike, what's up? Hey, how you doing? All right. Is it a big place? Will there be a lot of people? Hey, Sickboy used to be a wrestler, right? Huh? Sickboy used to be a wrestler, right? No. Oh. Yeah, well, I think The Rock should have spit in his hand and punched you right in your mouth and broke your lip open. All right. Cool. Thank you. All right, yeah. Bye. Bye. All right. Grant, what's going on? Hey, what's up, ONA? All right. That was kind of rough, man, but I got to take The Rock's side. Sickboy's got to go. I'm looking at this website and the guy's ripping him. How do you expect him not to react like that? He has every right to react how he did. I just, you know. It's not your fault, but somebody should have called Sickboy right out onto the carpet. I think The Rock did. But I think he wanted you guys to call him out onto the carpet, too. How can we call him out when we haven't seen what he's talking about? But The Rock's telling you what was there. All right, well, we have to read it for ourselves and, you know. This could be The Rock, the way he's talking. The Rock's telling you it's there. He's like talking to third person. It's here. The Rock's right. I'm looking right at it. And I know if it was me, I'd be pissed off, too. All right. He has every right to. But I don't know. Maybe you guys have somebody go check out the website and maybe could The Rock a call and say, hey, listen, you know, you're right. And we don't condone it. And The Sickboy's not allowed on the show anymore. I think a ton of people checked it out. I think more people checked it out because The Rock mentioned it. Oh, well, yeah, sure. You know, there's probably thousands of people that would have never even seen it. Endorsed by The Rock. I don't know if endorsed is the word. I can see The Rock's point. I thought he was going a little overboard. But now I can see. I have no problem with any of that. I just, you know, I don't want to keep saying it, but I said man to man to him that had no clue. And, you know, he dissed us at the end of the interview. We were having fun. And the truth is I had no idea. Maybe you guys can talk to him, patch things up, because their interview was going really cool. And then you guys did a great job. And then at the end, you know, I assumed like, OK, we continued the discussion off the air. And no, he just bolted. He left. And Psycho Mark, you're out of your mind. Oh, my God. Psycho Mark, who, you know, is also in charge of trying to get some of these guests to cut IDs for us. You still went up to him and said, hey, can you cut that opiate, Anthony? I don't care. That's a big brat. What did he say? What did he say? No, I'm not cutting that ID. Not if they're associated with them and all that. So he still thought that we were. Yeah. And the W.O.F.A. was real P.O. too. But, you know. She's P.O. because she's got to be. Maybe give Vince a call and let him know that everything's really cool. You don't want to have him dissing the show now. All right. All right. Hey, you guys suck. Thanks, Greg. Bye. I mean, that's ridiculous. It's like somebody getting, you know, putting a sign up in the crowd at the WWF, someone reading the sign, getting offended and being pissed off at the WWF because there's a sign. You know what I mean? There's many things. You said that we're very hypocritical in our interview if you really want to get into it. When we were talking about the signs in the arena. Yeah. And we asked if any of them make him laugh. He goes, yeah, when I see the one says big red retard. Ah, retard, very derogatory word, mentally handicapped. Same. Where do you draw the line? Obviously, wherever the rock wants you to. Well, as far as that type of humor goes, where do you? You know, can't believe sick boy. Look at him over there. Brush with the rock. Almost almost killed by the rock. Wow. That's pretty. That's pretty cool. We almost saw. We almost saw a live death. That would have been a first for our radio. Would that have been cool if he like put him put him in the position to give him the rock bottom and he's like looking around all crazy. He's got sick boy and then wham on the floor. I'll tell you what, man, if there's anybody to get your ass kicked by, there could be none cooler than having a kick by the rock. Yeah. I mean, as intense and as serious as the whole situation was afterwards, it was like, wow, the rock almost kicked my ass. Yeah. You know, but you could go down on the street and get your ass kicked by some nobody. Rick has a great line here. He writes, we are the Jennifer Lopez, the sick boys Puffy. Yeah. Guilt by association. All right. Well, man. Hey, Tom, what's going on? Yo, what's up, guys? All right. Yo, I think sick boys are the pussy here, man. It's like, sick boys sitting there and he's saying like, oh, I don't know what's up with the site. I have no idea what's on it. And then as soon as the rock leaves, he's like, oh, it was this guy. I know exactly what you're talking about. You know, I was after the commercial break. More spaz ran me out into the hallway and showed me what it was. I have no idea what's on the site. I don't know what's going on with it. Sick boys saying the same thing. We damn well knew what was on it all along. Moron. That was during the commercial break. Spaz pulled me out into the hallway and showed me what was up on the site. What? Sick? He showed you on your site? Yeah. I don't monitor the site 24 hours a day. I got 15 writers who do their stuff on Wrestling Uncensored. I don't sit and monitor them. I got a business to run. Yeah, I know, man. But now your business is taking a hurting, you know? I don't know. You just got to watch that more. I want to know which show came more of a screeching halt. Like, what was the seatbelt airbag factor? Mor. Sick Boy asking Rock a question or Rick taking a picture of J. Mor? Like, what brought the show to more of a screeching halt? Not a fear factor. I'm not talking about that. It's just more of the screeching halt factor. We were able to smooth over the J. Mor thing. I don't think we were going to be able to smooth it out. No, this one was 80 into the brick wall. That one with Rick and J was a close call, but I think Rick probably could have held his own with J. Me versus the Rock, there's just no goddamn contest there. Sick Boy versus the Rock. Sick Boy, go home and get rid of that, man. Yeah. Oh, I'm turning my mic off. Thank you. What's the matter, bro? Just another day on the Opie and Anthony show. That's what this show is all about. Mitchell, what's going on? Hey, what's up, man? All right. Listen, Hope, I think you better cut out on that man to man stuff for a while there. You're saying man to man. He was about to open up a can of whip ass there. Whatever. If you want to hit me, he can hit me. But I was going to say what I had to say. I had no clue. Where was Sick Boy doing all this? Behind a glass or something? No, he was right next to the Rock. Was he really? Looking very, very scared. That was a Kodak moment there. It certainly was. Let me paint the picture for you. Seriously, they were maybe a foot away from each other. Yeah, that's close. Maybe. Maybe. Are we going to do what we learned on the Opie and Anthony show today? Yeah, we'll do that in a couple minutes here. All right, peace out, guys. All right, man. Oh, my God. Could have done better than Rock? What? Eddie, what's up? Hey, O'Neil, how are you? Good. I'm sorry, man. The Rock is a big A-hole. I hate him. I hate his character all about him. Really? Yeah. I mean, why can't you guys kind of cut him off like Undertaker or something? We've had a lot of the guys. Okay. I know you have. Wait, wait, wait, man. I love your show. Don't get me wrong. All right. I just like, you know, I even like the Rock's point. All right. I mean, I think he's a big hypocrite. All right. You guys could have done better. All right. Thank you. Keep listening. No, thanks. Bye. Bye. John, what's going on? Yeah, how are you doing? All right. You know, SickBoy should have just said that you had a guest writer with John Rocker. Oh, yeah. That would have figured it out right there and then he would have understood. All right. Well, thank you. All right. Take care. Bye. Jeez, man. Matt, what's up? How are you doing, guys? That was probably the best radio I've heard in a while. You guys, that was great. I was so uncomfortable. I haven't been that uncomfortable in my car since I got pulled over for a speeding ticket. I was sitting there. I was afraid to turn the dial. I didn't know what to do. It was just gross. So I could imagine how you guys felt. You know, I don't like those uncomfortable moments and they happen a lot lately on this show. They really do. But that, I mean, that really was, that really got to me. But seriously, the Rock, I mean, at least he could have been cool with you guys. I mean, it wasn't, he really should have got us back straight before he was going to go on a tire like that. I mean, I can show you what kind of mentality this guy has got that he could have just relaxed himself a little bit and said, you know, you guys are cool with me and I've got a problem with this guy. He shouldn't have just taken that on you guys. I mean, I think that's wrong. You guys support him. All right. Well, thank you, Matt. It was a good point. I'm just, you know, we're exhausted from what just happened. Oh, all right. Let's take a quick break and we'll play the famous game, What Did We Learn on the Ophie and Anthony Show today? All right. So let's clear the phone lines and get into that next. Okay. All right, man. What are you laughing at? Nothing. I just punched up Sickboy's site. I'm just kind of looking at, oh, no, I'm just kind of looking. You know where it says XWrestling.com is not affiliated with any pro wrestling organizations? Could you put the Ophie and Anthony Show on there? That would be nice. All right. We'll be back. Fran is 84 years old. Rick, you cannot have oral sex with Fran. I'm sorry. No anal is okay. Ophie and Anthony Show. 1027 WNEW. Just about done, Anthony. That's for sure. 1027 WNEW. Woo! All right. Thanks for tuning in today. You almost saw a murder today. What other radio station is going to give you that? No. I think I'm going to do the radio station. I'm going to do the radio station. You don't have to come in. You can come in. You have to be there. Yeah. All right. Thanks for tuning in today. You almost saw a murder today. What other radio station is going to give you that? We should have played a lot of music today, Anthony. Maybe taking a vacation day. That would have been fun. All right, let's play What Did We Learn on the Opie and Anthony Show today. Oh no, this is going to suck. Why? Oh gee, I wonder why. Maybe we should call the WCW and say how much we like them. Oh man, that's just a joke. Adam, what's up? Yeah, what's going on, fellas? All right. I learned today that the rocker Dwayne Johnson, whatever he wants to be called, is just a big bitch. It's not even about wrestling anymore. It's commercial, about promoting yourself. What about the days that The Ultimate Warrior and Hulk Colgan were around? That was real. The Ultimate Warrior. That was real wrestling. All right, there you go. All right, Adam, thank you. You know what you should have done, Sickboy, right when you were face to face with The Rock? He was saying, before I answer that question, let me ask you this. You should have went, it doesn't matter what you have to ask me. Oh yeah. I just wanted to see Sickboy get hit. Alan, what's up? Hey, how are you guys doing? All right. Yeah, I learned, you know what I learned today? I learned that the opening Anthony and The Rock know how to fool their audience. It's a big setup. Good job, guys. Really? Jesus Christ. I think we're that smart. You know, anything that happens in here, people will think is a setup. I guess because it is just so freaking ridiculous, whatever goes on in here. No, unfortunately, that was... Believe what you must. Jason, the real deal. What's up? How are you doing? Man, you guys almost had some murder over there. Yeah. That's what I learned. All right, thank you. All right, later. Oh my God, I'm learning something from these calls. It's time to go home. Yeah. Didn't we learn anything else today on the show? There was some good stuff today. I pretty much canceled out the rest of the show right there. Yeah. Chris, what's going on? I learned The Rock is an idiot on the radio, too. You guys should have had Spaz wrestle him. Oh yeah, that was Spaz our savior. Our hero would have smoothed the whole thing over. Even Ant and I don't dislike Spaz that much. We would have got killed. All right, thank you. Yeah, you guys rock. All right. Jason, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? All right. What I learned today was whoever schedules your commercials is really warped. What? First commercial break after The Rock leaves is a promo for the upcoming WCW event. Wasn't really. I swear to God, I had no clue. I swear to God, I was listening the whole time. Thank you. All right. Thank you. Bye. TJ, what's going on? What did you learn on the show today? Today I learned that you guys almost had the last live broadcast of your lives. Yeah, that's pretty close, man. Oh man, when he left the studio, he wouldn't care if you wiped the plugs with your butt, seriously. Yeah. All right. You guys rock. Thank you, TJ. We were sharing moments with The Rock. There was a picture of him with Andre the Giant holding him in his arms when he was a little kid. We got the pictures before the problem started. At least we got a couple of pictures with him. Oh man. Jeff, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? Listen, I learned today on the show that The Rock really isn't a dick like everybody's saying. He just, you know, he did his opinion and got pissed off at SickBoy. I don't really think that the stuff should have been said on that website, but he didn't know about it and you guys didn't know about it. All right. Thank you, Jeff. No problem. All right. Bye. Jerry, you're next. Jerry, what's up? Hey, how are you guys doing? Hey. I learned today that if I go into the ball before the ONA show is over, I miss the best radio of the damn week. You missed it? Yeah, I missed it. How to take the clients out because they want to go out booing. I get back in the car and I'm hearing about this and I'm saying, it never works out. Jerry, it was the most uncomfortable three minutes of my radio career. Well, I'm sure you guys are the best. You guys are the best. I mean, we're trying to like talk to him or say anything and he's just looking down like this and then he goes, let's wrap it up, guys. And what did SickBoy say to him? We rehashed it for the last hour, but I don't know. All right. Well, you guys, I guess I got to tune in when you guys go on vacation again so I can find out what I missed. All right, man. Thanks. You guys are the best. All right. Bye. Jason, what did you learn on the show today? I learned that you guys like those convicts that you had call on from jail. You're both getting blamed for things you didn't do. Yeah. All those convicts were innocent. Yeah. Very good, man. All right. Bye. Tim, you're next. What did you learn on the show today? Guys, I learned if you guys ever suffer from constipation in the future, just think back to today's show to clear you guys right up. Yeah, I got to check my pants, man. Yeah. Go on and get some new shorts, guys. All right. Thank you. Later. Bye. Tommy, what's going on? All right. What I learned today is the rock needs a reality check. As for a professional, he should look into more on how he's acting. You're there helping him plug his book and everything like that. His fans are what makes his book. It makes him who he is. To pull a stunt like that, as a professional, professional people handle themselves a little bit better than just run away like that. All right, man. Thank you. All right. Thanks. Bye. Oh, great instant feedback. Some guy's saying that when Rock was explaining his point, I should have ping-ponged him. Oh, yeah. Oh, my God. Joe, what's up? Yeah, I learned a couple of things today, but mostly that I could get disappointed in you guys. And that you guys sounded like spineless, man. I was really disappointed. How? I mean, you grew up in New York. You should have stood up for yourself. I mean, I know the guy's a big guy, but what are you going to do, beat the crap out of him? No, like I said, I got to listen to the tape because I thought we actually told him what was going on. And Joe... Yeah, but just like the tone of your voice, though. Well, you were stuttering. You sounded like you guys were scared out of your minds. Joe, it was so uncomfortable in here. What are we supposed to do? Just all of a sudden, hey, Rock. What are we going to do, beat the crap out of him? Come on. Joe, we were blindsided, first of all. All right? And we didn't know what to say because we didn't even know what he was... I swear to you, I'm going to say it again. I had no clue what he was talking about. All right. I still love you guys, but I'm a little disappointed. Whatever. I mean, it didn't happen on this show, you know what I mean? But I freaking had no clue what he was talking about. If you were here, it was very obvious he didn't want to listen to anything we had to say at that point. So you know, I've been to hell with him. I've been to hell with him. And he's really not a friend of the show. All right, Joe. All right. Sorry, guys. Bye. One last call and we'll get out of here. Damn if you do, damn if you don't. Oh, thank you. Jim, thank God you're the final call of the radio show today. What's going on? Nothing much, Joe. Just learned what the true meaning of train wreck radio is today. If that wasn't heart stopping to listen to you two guys squeal like that, you got to be the two biggest fags in the radio. You sick bastards. You guys enjoyed that. It was the best. It made me sick to my stomach to listen to you guys squirm like that. We were dying, man. I got to hear the tape. The two of you squirming. It's going to be painful to listen to. But I don't know. It was just. And sick boy. Oh, my God. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Loved every minute of it. You guys suck. All right, Jim. Thank you. You know, we'll play the last like 20 seconds of that interview instead of the train next time. I'm leaving. All right, let's get out of here. Yeah. Oh, I'm going to be taking the back way out just in case someone's waiting out front. We're taking the corporate helicopter out here today. The Rock's going to lay the smack down. All right, we'll see you guys for a few Friday tomorrow. Yes. Thanks for tuning in. You never know what you're going to hear when you listen to the opening show. That is for sure. And your mom did say I was hot. Come on, mom. Don't bang. I'll be my mom. I'm yours. I say lay back and enjoy it. It's a hell of a market ride. OK, a couple of real motherfuckers. 1027, 70, and EW. OK, I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go. I'm going to go.