 I can't even believe these ones. He's a disgusting little man. And Anthony, what a douchebag. Trainwreck Radio. Stand over. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh! This is sicker than faces of death. One eight and seven. WNEW. Opie and Anthony afternoon. Mason and Kaliski morning. The Radio Check Mid-Day. On one eight and seven. WNEW. Opie and Anthony. We found a girl that could choose stuff from a private area. Hi, this is Louis Black from The Daily Show. And you're listening to two of the most psychotic human beings I've ever met. My pals, Opie and Anthony. On one oh two point seven. WNEW. All right, it's Opie and Anthony. We're off to a flying start today. If you want something, give us a call. Two one two seven five seven one oh two seven. Our fax line is working if you're working yourself today on this miserable Monday afternoon. Fax line two one two nine five seven nine six three nine. Want to get everyone in a good mood, a rockin' mood. So we're going to take a quick musical break. And we'll be back with the Opie and Anthony show. In the meantime, it's Metallica. Old school. Master of puppets. Crank it up. It's one oh two seven WNEW. One oh two seven WNEW. It's the Opie and Anthony show. Quick music break there. Creed, my own president, Metallica, before that master of puppets. Bunch of people bitching and complaining. They don't like, we can't win with Metallica. They don't like the old Metallica. They want the new Metallica. You play the new Metallica, they want the old Metallica. You can't win. Can't win. I guess eventually we're just going to have to stop playing music altogether. Yeah. Oh, man. Hmm. Steve C from the unofficial Opie and Anthony website. Yeah. He just checked in through the instant feedback. Couple of very interesting things happening with the unofficial website. First of all, the damn thing is going to reach a million hits this week. Well, we have to have a party. We should have a party is right. Yeah. A million hits on an unofficial website. It was a little dream of Aunt and I, you know, just to have a fan site that would just take off and a little outlet for some of the stuff we do here, get some pictures up. So it's not just you listening to us with, you know, nudies in here. We get to see what they look like. We like sharing with our audience. Of course. And it was open to everyone. And Steve C came through and his site, by far, is the best one we've seen thus far, without a doubt. Yeah. And at this point, Steve's being really cool because a lot of other listeners are starting ONA fan sites and Steve's linking it to the unofficial Opie and Anthony website. So that's pretty cool. But it's going to reach a million hits this week, which is unbelievable because it only started in June. Yeah. Like what? A little over seven months, a million hits. Considering we really haven't been able to give it out over the air. It's truly on the ground because most of the time we're not allowed to say foundrymusic.com, Anthony. So that's happening. Also, he's going to be brave enough to put the rock confrontation on the underground website. Yeah, video, not just audio. Video because Steve was in the studio the day we had the big confrontation with The Croc. He videotaped the whole thing. It is really awkward. Once again, putting us out there for all you to see. That's right. We definitely don't look good in that video. And then he started a new segment on the unofficial website called The Girls of the Opie and Anthony Show. Yeah, it's pretty cool. I guess girls email in their pictures to Steve. Correct. And he posts them. Right. But it can't just be like if you're some guy and you've been cruising the websites and you find naked girls, you can't send it in and say, hi, my name is Sue and this is me. Because they have to have some kind of ONA reference to it. Or there's got to be some kind of proof that it's you. And what do we got here now? We got Tammy. Tammy and Maya from Massachusetts. We got Tammy. Tammy's got a pretty hot bond on her. Now, I'm going to have to be honest, though. What Steve is looking for are true listeners of the Opie and Anthony Show. So when the women do send the shots of themselves into Steve's unofficial website, they got to prove they're a listener of the show by either holding up a WNEW or something that says Opie and Anthony. So we can prove that you guys didn't just surf the internet like you just said, and send in a really hot girl. Maya obviously isn't a fan of our show, but I guess he's got to get this going somehow. Yeah. Because she's from Los Angeles and we're not syndicated to LA yet. Yeah. But Tammy, she's 20 years old from Massachusetts. No, he's still from Massachusetts. We still have a ton of faithful listeners in the Boston area. Matter of fact, WBCN up there started to play our bits, which is kind of nice. And Tammy has sent in pictures of herself in lingerie for the unofficial website for the girls of the ONA show. Very, very cool section of the unofficial website. Looking forward to seeing other women sending in their pictures to Steve's unofficial website. Eww. And I think when Rick gets back from vacation, because Rick is heading off to London, I believe, today or tomorrow, what's Rick doing in London? Vacationing? He's going with his wife and stuff. Yeah, cute little, let's go overseas for four or five days. And they just take a honeymoon? Yeah. Get it all in now. There you go. We're going to bring back the hottest girl to ever pose naked on the O.P. and Anthony show. Yeah, bring that feature back. But there you go. So if you do check out the unofficial website anytime this week, definitely congratulate Steve on reaching a million hits. We never thought it was possible. Yeah. And the damn guy, he's put in many, many, many, many hours on this website. And we're pretty proud to say that it's pretty cool. Hell yeah. All right. All right. All right. The phone's going nuts, Anthony. We haven't gone to the phones in, wow, about an hour already. Let's take a quick break. We'll go right to the phones if you have something for the show. Lots to get to today still. Our phone number is 212-757-1027. The fax line, 212-957-9639. O.P., you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass. You're obviously a stud. The O.P. and Anthony show. It makes me sick. 1027-WNEW. O.P. and Anthony afternoon. Mason and Kalinsky morning. The radio chick midday. On 1027-WNEW. 1027-WNEW. It's the O.P. and Anthony show. On this dreary Monday afternoon. Yeah, kind of miserable out. Oh, nah. It's all right, though. Rainy. I mean, Mondays suck in general. And then to have this rain like this. I guess it could be worse. It could be snow. I don't know. I'm kind of wanting a little bit of snow. You want some snow? Well, you want a little bit, don't you? I don't know. I don't know. Honestly, I don't. No? That's a sign of age. The older you get, you just don't want to deal with the snow. Remember when you were young? Yeah. You wish you would snow like four or five feet at a time. I don't care, though. I want a little bit of snow this year. Just something so I could drop my truck in it. So you could feel good that global warming isn't taking over? No, I don't care about that. Just come on. Get an SUV. You want to kick the four-wheel drive in. How funny is that? When you had your other car? Oh, my god, I had a Cougar? Yeah. Oh, the thing would slip and slide if the temperature was like 35 degrees. Didn't even have to be frozen out. When we moved to Massachusetts to do radio for a few years, and we're not from Boston, we're from here. I don't know how many times we have to say it, but we're up there for three years, yeah, and had the Cougar. And it snowed like a mother up there. Yeah, crazy. And I had the SUV just tolling around and it's like, oh, I can barely get out of parking spot. I used to have to pull into parking spaces that weren't slightly dipped toward the back because I would never get out. I swear the slightest little incline, the wheels would just be spinning. Oh, here's me by the house. I can't get out. I can't get out. How many times did you call me to try to work? We had the worst winters up there. And then spring hit and then you got me because then you're tooling down the highway like going 100 in that damn car. It's like, oh yeah, we're going up to New Hampshire or something. I'll be up there in 15 minutes and I'll see you in two hours. So now you trade that in, you get the SUV finally and you're not even going to be able to play around in the snow. I know. I was pissed with the Cougar. The speedometer went up to 140, but there's some kind of governor that kicks in at 120 and shuts it. I swear to God, you couldn't go any faster. I was like, oh, I was pissed. I want to get up to 140 just to see what it feels like. Yeah. Why not? Dave, what's going on, buddy? Dave, what's going on? All right. Uh, Dave? Sorry, guys. I didn't even know it was on. Yeah, let's go. I was just saying the same thing Anthony said. I was so pissed after that blizzard we had. I went out and bought a four-wheel drive SUV. I'm like, yeah, I'm going to kick ass through the snow this year. Two years, it hasn't snowed. What the hell happened? Nothing. What happened? And there's no snow in the near future either. No snow, and I'm looking for it all the time just to kick in that four-wheel drive once. Yeah. Just once. Yeah, I'm sure we'll get a little bit, you know, we always get jacked somewhere. April. Yeah, you get those April blizzards. That's what happens. Then by April, you don't want it to snow. Now you just want spring to hit, and all of a sudden you get like 18 inches of snow. Gee, thanks. You know, we want the nice weather to come, so we got the Whippin' Mal Wednesday coming back. Let me tell you something. What are we up to? January 10th? We are less than three months away before we pop Whippin' Mal Wednesday again. Another thing, I got the sign of my SUV. You know, the same thing. There's nothing happening there, boy. All right, Dave. Thank you. Thanks, man. All right, bye. Take it easy, man. Joseph, you're next. What's going on? I got a bone to pick with you. Why? Hope. Why? You're responsible for the outbreaks. The flu outbreak? Oh my God. Why am I responsible? Because you know what? You're the first one that was talking about being sick. Now the entire world has it. You know, I am asking it. I am so paranoid about this too, because I mean, you know. You did it. You breathe on the, you know, on my back and I get sick. I know you. I'm the worst. So I mean, I swear I got a routine. I'm like the bubble boy at home. I, you know, I refuse to go out. I take the train and as soon as I come in, I scrub down with all these antibacterial soaps and stuff. I just don't want to get sick. Dude, I got to tell you, I'm sitting here. I'm on the computer, the porn sites. Just nobody's home. It's terrible. Why are you typing with one hand? Why aren't you working today? You're sick. Oh, yeah, I'm so sick. You wouldn't believe. I'm lying and it's your fault. But you have time to, you know, serve for some porn. Well, it's the only time by my wife's not open. You got to keep yourself entertained. You know, the day's longer. You don't do it. No, I, you know, for the first time in a while this weekend, I noticed that it's starting to get lighter. Well, I got to tell you something. Oh, yeah? Yeah. I ought to sue you. All right. Well, I hope you get better. Well, thank you very much. I think I was the first person in New York to get this stupid flu though. It's a, it's a monster of a flu too. I got a note here. Yeah. It was sitting here at my, where I sat in the studio. Anthony Mason is sick again. So I had to spray the mic. You'll know immediately. It isn't perfume. Sorry, chick. I don't think sick again. I don't understand why you don't get sick. Uh, well, I'll knock wood before I say anything. When was the last time you were sick? Do you even remember? It was on the air. Remember I took a day off and I think it was had to be over a year ago. Oh, yeah, definitely over a year ago. It was when we first started here. Right. And you're sharing the mic with the morning guy. I think I was constantly sick and has a snot and blood tissues all over your area. And you're not getting sick. Maybe it's, I've built up like a super immune system because of, because of that. Yeah. You know, the stuff's right in my face all the time. And I scrub down with the bacterial soap. I don't touch anyone. See, you're not allowing your body to build up the immunities. I eat well. I don't eat junk. I eat well, you know, and then I, uh, I drink a few beers. You got to do that. Oh, I've been drinking lately. Oh, good. Yeah. I'm glad to hear it. There to a booze and up some tequila shots up in Boston this weekend. What are you crazy? Well, as you know, by now, and I'm wheeling and dealing for the show. Thank God. I got, you know, important meetings in Boston. Thank God someone is. They're playing our bits now in Boston. I'm making sure everything's okay. So I'm running up there. I guess the second is the bosses up there. We have another set of bosses we have to deal with now. Well, uh, see, I don't quite see it that way because they're not paying us. Yeah. I'll get involved when some money starts. When some money starts floating this way. See, what you got to do is take a road trip to Boston because know what's happening. Yeah. I am reaping all the benefits and you're not because I go up there and I'm wheeling and dealing. I'm like, yeah, I'm going to send more of our bits so you guys can play it on the air and stuff. We're like an artist up there. We're like a, we're like a band because what they're doing is they're like playing like, um, the, the, the OJ 911 phone call, let's say. Okay. Wow. And they're playing it like it's a song. So we're like an artist. We're getting spins on WBCN in Boston. They just play us throughout the whole day. We are like an artist. We're getting screwed. We're not seeing any money for our labors. So what I want to tell you though, if we are truly like an artist, you definitely got to take a road trip up there because I'm reaping the benefits because I wheel and deal. I give them the new bits and stuff and, and, you know, I find out what's going on with our bits and how they're being perceived up there. And what do you get out of it? I then I go out to the, you know, for a nice dinner. Oh, see, you're at least getting something out of it. Don't have to pay for anything. Wow. Damn you. Slamming down the tequila and. Yeah. What's up with that? I can never ever get you to do shots ever. It's the new oak. New millennium. The new, the new millennium. The new Oaks are drunk. That's right. I'm putting the heroin aside. I'm going back to booze. Tequila though. That stuff will kick your ass, man. You know what? The problem is with tequila. I don't, you know, we're picking out a tequila this weekend, right? Yeah. It's like, you know, the Cuervo is like the basic cheap stuff. And, and, uh, uh, one of the bosses like, no, no, we want your, we want your best tequila, right? Yeah. And I just hate tequila in general and it still tastes like crap. Really? Yeah. See, cause the, uh, the Sammy Hagar tequila is good. That wasn't bad. I got it. I like that stuff. What the hell was it called again? The Cabo Wabo tequila? Yeah. Something like that. That wasn't bad. But the stuff I had, I mean, it was real expensive stuff. And I was still like, this is just as bad as Cuervo. The salt and the lemon and everything. Oh yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. How many, uh, would you say you just, honestly, just a couple? Couple. Yeah. And just then a few margaritas. I mean, I was, I was lit. Tequila night. I was lit. They got some plans for us in Boston, Anthony. Do they? We don't want to bore our New York audience, but it's kind of exciting for our New York audience too, because a lot of you guys are part of the bits we've sent up there. So now a couple of you guys have been heard in Boston as well. So you're part of our little syndication game we're playing here. I'm sure they'll all want cash for it too. Yeah. I don't know. I guess the next time I go up there, I got to start talking money. I just feel bad. I'm sorry. I'm the stupidest man on the face of the earth. Remember me? I called for that landscaping job. Well, I'm not that stupid. I really want some cash. Well, we haven't played that bit in a while. No, we had a dreadful night. All we should do is call Boston maybe sometime this week to see how our bits are doing. We'll call the radio station that is playing our stuff, see how we're received. See how we're received. All right. Why not? Be into doing that. All right. Ah, phones are nuts and ah, shoot. We'll take one more call before we take another break. Tommy, what's going on? Yo, what's up, guys? How you doing? All right. Yeah, check it out, man. I went out. I put the Postal Bill Aurora, right? Yeah. I put it in the North Star Engine, okay? The magazine that I read, you know, I read all the reviews, said the car would do 154 miles an hour. Compare it to the Caddies, the whole bit. I'm headed down to LAX City one night. It's late. I got a call load of people. I'm flying down. Road's empty, right? So I'm like, I should open this bad boy up. Hit 100. Nice, nice and smooth. No problem. Yeah. Hit 110. No problem. Going great. We'll laugh and have a good time. Got the radio up. I hit 112. I thought I hit a brick wall, man. That frigging thing died on me. Yeah, the engine just goes boom. Like, what the hell? I was pissed. I was pissed. I know exactly how you feel. It's like riding all smooth. You know you could go another 20 miles an hour faster without the thing rattling apart or anything. And then the governor just kicks in and the engine goes boom. It's dead, man. It shuts down. I'm not going to call you. I'm not going to. I thought I was confused about it. I'm looking for the governor. Yeah, there's got to be something on it. Cannot find it. Anyway, guys, love this show. I got to run. I'm working. All right.