 Dudes with Tudes I think every time we open our mouths we're pissing someone off Okie and Anthony Yes, yes We're out of control, we're so lucky Alright, knock it off 1027 WNEW What? Where are we? Hey dude man What's up Anthony? How you doing? I'm doing okay, that's what I am Cool That's right 1027 WNEW Hummer Tuesday Two DJs that don't have to put on a fake radio voice Oh, a voice Every other radio station in New York has to have the fake voice To go home with that voice Honey, honey what's for dinner? I hope it's some of that steak I really enjoy that steak Honey, come over here and give me a hover you bitch It's Hummer Tuesday Come on, start hopping my knobs C.B.S. Do you think they talk like this at home Anthony? Absolutely every day Hey son, you do your homework Oh no, you can't have the keys to the car Unless you're the hundred and first caller Alright, it is Hummer Tuesday Anthony Yes, we are looking for the fine ladies of our radio audience to hob some knobs today So their guys can be a member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club Yes, very happy It's a perfect day to do it because most people try to stay inside and stay warm and all that crap Yes, snuggle up to a warm knob Hob, hob, knob A warm knob To the sounds of a warm knob being hobbed 2127571027 if you want in on the show today Let's go to Danny Danny, you're next on the radio show, what's up? Hey everybody, Ben Dover here Remember all you pedophiles, it's the Nambla Picnic on Saturday So blow up your parole officers and come on down Where the main course is going to be pork chicken You should have got a job over there That's hysterical man You almost have the voice down That is hysterical, you guys are great at it, I can't come nowhere near it Hey, can you do me a favor and play a little later on Can you play a little of that, what was it, the, ah, holy freaky Uh oh, mental pain Not even doing any bondage You gotta get off the drugs son I'm trying man, but it's tough man, I'm just thinking about young boys But, the candy camera bit, that's it, the Alan Funt stuff Oh we haven't played Alan Funt in a while, maybe we'll do a new Alan Funt Yeah, that'd be great man Alright, thank you Dan Hey, thanks a lot guys, take it easy, great show Take it easy, Danny Bye bye Bye bye, Danny Rob, you're next on the radio show, what can we do for you that'll happen to you You almost killed me, you had me, I had no, I had soda pouring out of my nose I was eating and I had a full glass of water and it just came all out of my nose, my eyes are still tear Well look at that, a lot of people seem to appreciate you You can do that, you can do this for the whole show A few people thought it went on a little too long That's them Alright, thank you Rob No problem Alright, bye See ya, there we are Tara, you don't even have to like pronounce the words No, it just has to sound good Make sure you're going to... Tara, what's up? Oh my god, you guys are killing me I went to go pick my little brother up from school and I got in the car, I thought I had CBS FM on, I'm like what's happening And then I came home, my grandma, she kills us every time you set foot in her car, we shouldn't be driving in the first place That's the grandma station It is the grandma... Now these words from Depend undergarments Oh my god Go kill yourself I just want to tell you guys, man you guys rock, I was out in school for a year in California, I didn't even know about you guys Damn I got a call from my little brother and my dad, he's like oh my god you gotta hear these guys, you know Oh my god, listen to this And I got back man, I'm telling you Alright You guys really rock Well thank you Tara Thanks a lot you guys Alright bye Later Margaret you're next on the radio show, it's WN... Hold on Margaret, hold on Whoa wait a minute, that's Brittany? Yeah That's the little outfit she was wearing? Yeah last night Zoom in you peckerheads Wow man They had plenty of shots of her zooming in Anthony last night I missed it Brittany Spears had the most incredible top on... What was it? The billboard awards or something like that? The American Music Awards The American Music Awards, all the fake awards show that Dick Clark decided to do then? Yeah Is that those awards? It's not a real award Oh, Brittany Spears boobs are fake Who cares? She's only 18, come on She said that they're not fake Yes they are The reason they were smaller in previous pictures is because she hadn't developed fully That's right That's not true I like to believe that Wait, did you see Mariah Carey's outfit? Yeah Mariah's like, I don't know, she's turning really like... She's getting a simian look to her Yeah she's turning like slutty Did you see her dress? They just showed that too, I wasn't as turned on as... Oh my god, I thought that was so hot I like the new whore, I like Brittany Spears, the new whore Brittany Spears is happening She's youngin', she's a youngin' I mean what do they do when girls decide to wear those types of tops Anthony? Do they have to like, you know, put like... Crazy glow Double sided tape on their nips to make sure the boob isn't going to pop out when they're walking around? Yeah Maybe Because I got to see that now, where the hell is that? We got it in the office We got it in the office It's fake? Yeah Margaret, what's up? I just wanted to tell you, I cannot stop laughing from doing that CVS thing I was dying Oh cool I was... you guys sound just like them It's so funny because like, I don't even know who like... Honestly I don't know any of the DJs over there but one of them like was trying to make fun of Anthony Oh forget that, that's walking up the wrong tree It's like please First of all we don't care Right That's like the first thing And secondly we'll just have fun with it And go off Oh, you guys can make like a four hour show out of this We don't care Alright Margaret Have a great day Thank you Jamie, you're next on WNEW, what's up today? Hey guys, how you doing? It's Jamie Alright Listen man, you know, after listening to you guys I can figure out that I can talk like this too Hey, it's I'm a dick on CVS.com See, you got it That's right, right here It's the laughing loadie Alright, hey You're there Hey, that's right You know, if you're a jock that talks like that It pretty much means you just have no talent whatsoever So you're hiding up that fact with a great radio voice everybody That's right, that's right And I also have a, you know, a lot of guys have been giving you some grief about how Rock's gonna kick your butt and stuff when he comes in Well, I like to be the first listener to step up and say I have your back if you want it Alright, thanks Yeah, Rock coming in Thursday for round two, we'll see what happens You know, and one other thing, I like to give props to the guy that turned me on to you His name is Mikey, he's my cousin Alright And yeah, he turned me on to you guys and I'm a follow listener man Hey, thank you Jamie Alright, you take care We appreciate that Alright, bye bye Alright, trying to move on but they just want to talk about the CVS FM? Oh my god Craig, what's up? Hey, what's going on guys? Alright Dude, I drive a tractor trailer for a living, I was listening to you guys yesterday, I should have said that Wait a minute, you can't be saying the F word It slipped out, I was just laughing too damn hard You almost crashed the F in truck Cool Craig, that's good That's our goal is to get a tractor trailer Guys, keep it up, keep me laughing Alright Take care Bye I got some innocent bystanders Alright Whoa, look at Bridget Bridget? Line 8 I thought there was some hot girl in the hallway named Bridget You go, whoa, look at Bridget, I went like this at Totally turned my head like, where? Now Bridget's got a good question I guess for this Hummer Tuesday Bridget, what's your question? Hi guys Hi I need some advice Alright It's my boyfriend's birthday Okay And I've never done anything like this before but I want to give him a Hummer You've never gone south? No And how old are you? 19 Is that bad? Can I be your tutor? Wow Well Bridget for a newbie I guess, honestly even a bad one's a good one Even a bad one's pretty good So you're not going to really do too badly there, just keep the teeth out of the way Yeah, you've got to make a face like Charles Brunson You ever see Charles Brunson in The Great Escape or any of those? She's 19 The vigilante There you go Maybe you've seen the vigilante You've just got to like rub your lips around your teeth and go to town Yeah? Yeah, you've just got to lay there and open wide Let us know how it goes, okay? Wait, wait, wait, what do you mean lay there? Or kneel there, whatever you want to do The Charles Brunson face works though Now I'm confused Cover your teeth Okay Well you're talking about oral favors, correct? Right, so I thought I wouldn't be laying there Well you could lay down, you could sit up, you could do a headstand, whatever the hell works for you There's many ways to give a hummer Yeah? Lay down on your side, you could get some good hand action in there Hand? Yeah, a little hand action Where? At the base At the base? Yeah, and then just keep the head moving Yeah? And before you know it, you'll figure it out Should I do that or should I just have sex? Now give him the hummer Give him the hummer and then have sex Yeah, and when you give him the hummer, make sure you look up at his face Yeah? Yeah, your eyes should look like, remember those, I don't know if you'll remember But remember those old paintings, Opie, with the kids with the real big sad eyes? That's what a girl's eyes should look like when she looks up at you There should be a little sparkle in them Very good You know, so you could do that Okay Alright, Bridget? Okay Alright Thanks Okay, so you're going to do that right below the knob And it's very important to listen to whatever your boyfriend says Okay Now, this is your first time? Yeah So you're not going to be used to accepting the byproduct of this, I think But I should, right? Yeah, you should finish it like that Okay Definitely don't make it seem like all of a sudden, uh oh, what did I get myself into? What am I going to do with this? You know, I'm not a porn star Just think of the first time you had broccoli You know, you probably didn't want that But you just roughed it out and swallowed, alright? Okay Alright Thanks Well, let us know what happens, okay? Okay Alright Thanks, bye Bye Oh my god, that guy should just like get over here and give us money What's Rick's problem? Rick, what's your problem? Listen to you guys talking about how to give a hummer is going to turn me impotent, guys Why? We're telling the girl how to do it Yeah, but I have a stroke and hands, I can't do it Picture the girl doing it I am, but no I think Ed gave great advice saying make the Charles Bronson face Make the Charles Bronson face That's perfect, and I've never heard of describing it like that Get the hand going And the eyes like the old paintings with the big eyes Alright, Rick True, true, have a good day, guys Bye, man Alright, listen, everyone's calling up about the CBS FM bit They want a request for the CBS FM DJs We've got to move on with our radio show, right? Yes, please So as we go to break here, let's play Hummerlovin' from Airsic Productions Airsic.net is their website, and we'll be back, stay there Hummerlovin' on Tuesday night Hummerlovin', it feels so right I got my girl down on her knees Wonder if he will do me Hummer-son, he's shot his gun Oh, what evil Tuesday night Hummer, hummer, hummer, hum-ho Tell me more, tell me more We don't care where we are Tell me more, tell me more Do we fight in the car? Ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha She came to me, I dropped my pants You owe this to opiate ant I'll call them up when you go down All the hears are serving sound Hummer-son, get me some gum Oh, what evil farmer night Tell me more, tell me more I don't mean to offend Tell me more, tell me more Now can you do my friend? I exploded, that's where it ends I have got the world's best girlfriend I love to be in his love Think it's time I took a nap Hummer's done There's more to come But Come on The hummer Now This is my freedom song Freedom song Come on I want to tell you what's up, what's good, hi Let's go to Marvin, Marvin, what's going on? Hey, if you guys are going to instruct little girls about how to give hummers You got to tell them to not to swallow stuff But they need to wear it Wear it on their faces proudly Oh my God That's what you like out of your hummer? Hell yeah I want her to smile All right You don't want to scare her off, you know what I mean? You got to work into that slowly, I think You think so? Yeah, that's a porn star move, man You can't go right for that It's like going from third grade math to algebra You know? You got to start with the simple stuff first Yeah, but she said it's the first time, it's the guy's birthday She's used to just straight sex like that She probably has never seen any byproduct Well, if she doesn't like the taste, then she doesn't have to worry about it Be careful about describing that there All of a sudden it's flying all over the place She might get a little frightened You got to work into it before you know it She'll be a regular Marilyn Chambers or something Well, then if you get one who's done it before and she wants to do something original, there you go All right, Marvin, thank you All right, thanks Bye Carmen, you're next on the radio show What's going on? Hey, listen, Anthony The way you were describing that it sounds like you've given a couple already in your life, Dad Oh, that must be it, Carmen Yeah, you're a homeboy That's what you got to know That must be it You're passing on the information All I know is I know it works for me That's all I was telling Get out of here Well, you're on to me, yeah I'm there by the glory hole in the village every night, Carmen All right, buddy You must be a little angry having that girl's name to live with your whole life, Carmen Yeah, sure It's a chick name It's a chick name, Carmen What's that? Carmen, Carmen Electra Yeah, you got it, buddy What's that? How is it? Carmen Electra, boy How's Rodman's Rod, huh? Carmen Electra Anthony, you're relaxing You chick, listen to you What's your problem, man? A name like that, you must have gotten beat up a lot in school, Carmen Yeah, sure You're a little angry What's that? A little angry, are you? No, not at all Why should I be? All right, man Yeah, listen to you I got no beef with you Yeah, sure I'll see you later, guys Bye, Carmen Thank you I got into my fourth grade defense mode, Opie, and just started ragging his name That's all I know how to do I was pretty impressed there today Thank you Joe, what's up? Hey, guys, how you doing? All right I was actually kind of curious if you guys decide if you were going to the World Wrestling Federation grand opening tomorrow to the restaurant You going? No, I actually had an opportunity to go, but got stiff I'm going Yeah, I think we're going to go I want to soften up the beaches I'm going to look because it's the day before The Rock comes in here Exactly So I figure if we give him a bunch of tequila or something, he'll be all hungover when he comes in and an easier target We're not even going to get near him tomorrow night What if he comes up to you guys? He won't Sure Yeah, we'll let you guys know though what happens, definitely I wish I was going so I could give you guys some backup All right, you never know, maybe we'll catch him in the bathroom with mankind on his knees or something and have something against him that we could use on the air You know what I mean? All right, guys All right Take it easy Bye I think TJ is trying to get in here TJ! Yeah All right, sounds better, what's up? Hey, O&A, all right, I was listening to you guys talk to a sweet, innocent, young, lovely woman, I'm sitting there in my car and I look over to my right and you guys are telling her to wrap her teeth with her lips and everything and this lady in the car is sitting right next to me and she starts doing the same thing you're telling her I swear she must have been listening to the same thing, so anyway Wait, she's practicing the face right next to you in the car? Well, she was when you were saying it, but listen, I'm driving right now, I'm like two cars behind her Yeah I was going up Northern Boulevard here and she was hot, man, I mean, what do I do? Should I roll up next to her and ask her if she wants some toot steak to practice or? Tell her you have something for her to practice the Charles Brunson on Exactly That's funny, she's practicing the Charles Brunson face while she's driving Well, we were sitting in the light and I'm just laughing and I was just making sure that nobody's sitting in their car looking at me laughing at myself, thinking I'm crazy and I was just making the face, it was the greatest thing in the world That's great So what do I do, man? Well, if you catch up to her, call back and we'll try to make a love connection Alright, guys Alright, man Bye I know this girl in high school said she practiced with her friend on a banana That's how she practiced, imagine that Kind of like Fast Times of Ridgewater when they were practicing on the carrot Yeah, we practiced on a banana, I was laughing like a banana I'm much bigger than that Victor Yeah How are you? Good What's up? What about the dirty talk, don't you like to hear what a big twig you have or what about playing with the berries and all that? Like Anne said though, man, you've got to start with the basics And you just give her the basics and then let her run with it, you know what I mean? It's like when a mother bird teaches the bird how to fly, you kind of push her out of the nest You give her the big one first You push her out of the nest, let's see what she can do In the dirty talk, maybe the guy should do that Oh no You like it That's like Hummer 301, that course We're in the beginner course, Hummer 100 Before you know it, you're grabbing the hair and the ears and just slamming You made her look for a movie called The Vigilante, it's a death wish I know Oh, death wish Yeah Oh wow Alright Oops The guy's right, when he's right he's right, it was a death wish Alright Thank you Thank you Okay, we've got to take another quick break here, Anthony Don't forget, Steve and Lynch coming into the studio today at 5 o'clock Do you have a new tune for us? I'm praying he has a new tune because we've played the old ones to death here That we can be barred from playing until it's screened and everything like the last time he was in Now we're allowed to just play it now We're back to the old Opie and Anthony show Cool But I figured as we go into commercials here we'll give you a taste of one of Steve and Lynch's other tunes, okay? Alright But he'll be here around 5 o'clock today This is a song that I wrote actually a couple days ago after, excuse me, a friend of mine My best friend, we went out to a bar and we got really hammered We just had a really good time and I realized, you know, why not write a song about the good times that you have with your pals You're out drinking at night, you know what I mean? I wrote this for my best friend, my friend That should be cute I'm going to play that now I hope he's listening If you are, man, this one's for you Maybe the whiskey's gone to my head But if I were gay, I would give you my heart And if I were gay, you'd be my work of art And if I were gay, we would swim in romance But I'm not gay, so get your hand out of my pants It's not that I don't care, I do I just don't see myself in you Another time, another scene I'd be right behind you, if you know what I mean Cause if I were gay, I would give you my soul And if I were gay, I would give you my whole being And if I were gay, we would tear down the walls But I'm not gay, so won't you stop cupping my hand We've never hugged, we've never kissed I've never been intimate with your fist But you have opened brand new doors Get over here and drop your dress More stupidity on the way 1027 WNEW God's Mac before that and whatever Our phones just crapped out That always happens It's happening a lot lately, which isn't cool Cause we really need the phones for our radio show I think it's cause we get so many calls on this show Well that's what we like to think Yeah Hey, our favorite on the street reporter was at it again last night, Anthony What? Penny Crone Yeah She's such a tool What was she talking about? She's such a tool Remember what she did with the whole transit strike? You want to refresh everyone's memory? Yeah, remember when the subways were going to strike and the buses at 12 o'clock? That's when they usually strike midnight Penny Crone was out on the street at midnight And she said, right at midnight, she says Well, I guess the strike isn't happening because I see buses driving by me right now Like at midnight, the drivers would jump out of their buses just leaving the passengers in the buses And leaving the bus in the middle of the road or wherever Like Penny, you schmuck She's such a tool Yeah Well last night, you know, obviously this cold weather has hit the tri-state area Oh, and the news loves it They can't get enough of this cold weather Penny Crone last night on the news Yeah Wanted to see how cold it was, so they had like a t-shirt And they wetted it down And then they wanted to check I hope it wasn't on Penny No, no, no, no Oh my God, who wants to see a wet t-shirt on her? Eee, ooo And so they pour water all over the t-shirt Yeah And then they check back with Penny 10 minutes later to see if it was frozen Oh, was it? Of course it was This shirt is frozen, so if you plan on wearing wet t-shirts out on a night like this Yeah You best bundle up And then there was something about clams And how Her old bearded clam And how it's so cold even the clams are frozen shut or something It was just She is the worst But the weather people love this, the weather geeks Yeah Well, another cold one coming in, this Arctic clipper coming down Arctic blast, cold Arctic blast Gonna be in our area for a couple of days now, so I'd suggest bundling up Oh, who cares? Exactly Chris, what's going on? Hey, how you doing fellas? Real good, what's up? I got a very disturbing story to tell you Driving down Route 80, last two weekends ago And I'm seeing some road head going on, my goddess Right, let me follow this car a little bit Get a little sweet of God, I was disturbed for about three weeks, man Two weeks, whatever it was, I don't know, it was horrible Why are you looking? Why? Because that's a road head, you know, you can't follow a road head I didn't know it was two guys Right You know, it was a dude with long hair, couldn't tell Well, that's pretty tragic It's horrible, I'm very emotionally disturbed All right, well thank you Chris And unfortunately I'm not a member of the club So hopefully it means I'm not gonna get broken in Well, good luck to you Well, thank you Of course, encouraging all the ladies to induct their guys into the Tuesday Night Hammer Club, Anthony Absolutely And the guys of course should reciprocate Yeah, yeah, you gotta pay back Oh, Joe from the Bronx, I've got another on the street tool for you How many times have you turned to 1010 wins and not heard that guy John Montone? John Montone? I once heard him interview this guy on the subway strike and he made him miss his train I swear, if Anthony's ever heard of him, he should start to get an impression of him, please Yeah, John Montone is very, very dramatic, no matter what he's reported on I'm here in the subway, John Montone, 1010 wins news Yeah, we've heard that guy, we joking The best at wins is the guy, the weather guy that can't say his own name Dude, you know the last time I brought that up you were like, cut it out, it's not funny Will I say his name? I won't say his name Do you know his name? I think so, close enough There's a guy that, he's a meteorologist A meteorologist And he does the weather for 1010, every 10 minutes, right? Yeah During his shift, and man, if you want a good laugh Listen to him say meteorologist Listen to him try to say what he is, which is a meteorologist He's got a stop in the middle, I'm meteorologist Meteorologist, meteorologist And how many times have I screamed to the radio while you're in the car where I just go Why don't you just say you're a weather guy You can't say meteorologist, stop trying Or have the guy he throws it back to go that was meteorologist Right, but he'll go, I'm meteorologist He just has a tough time in the middle of that word, man And it is blatantly obvious, we're not even getting picky Alex Sosnowski Oh, man, come on, is that his last name? I don't know I made up with the winds people this past holiday I didn't attend the Christmas party like you did This Christmas party You dissed their traffic last year and then had to make up for it this year by going there and kissing ass I did kiss ass I didn't attend Right We don't share a boss anymore, we don't have to be courteous Meteorologist Meteorologist I'm meteorologist You are so mean Come on It's funny Because when I brought it up like six months ago, you go, dude, that's not even funny We shouldn't have cared more six months ago You don't care as much? Not about offending anybody or upsetting anybody Let the show roll over whoever it may There you go, Jason, what's going on? Hey, boys, how's it going? Real good, what's up? Yo, I'm calling to let you know that With Mount Wednesday has migrated to Puerto Rico Puerto Rico, why? Puerto Rico, why? Well, I was out there for a little family vacation and I was there, it was, of course, it was Wednesday And I was wearing my, I used to go into the gym, it was called Workout World So it just says wow across it Sitting on the beach and this chick walks by and goes, hey, wow, she's like, is that old bean Anthony? I'm like, yeah, whang, swept them right out Oh, awesome So it migrated down there, boys Yeah, it's all over the country at this point Hey, listen, I want to ask you guys something else I've sent you a couple of faxes over the last, whatever, since you first started Do you guys still play golf at all or what? Not when it's five degrees out Oh, no, not now, yeah, I know Nothing better than hitting one off the heel of the club in this kind of weather when you get the shock up your hand We should have an open Anthony golf open Where we have like, you know, beer girls and stuff driving around in carts, topless and stuff Oh, yeah, that'd be awesome This spring maybe I want to invite you guys to play if you ever wanted to play In my country club in New Jersey Well, when April hits, we would love to Oh, dude, I'll definitely give you guys a call You guys are the best, keeping me warm on a cold ass day Alright, thank you Take care of yourselves, boys Alright, bye That'd be great We would put the, uh, the cunch in country club What? Am I missing a joke there, besides the obvious? I couldn't say it the other way, O Oh, alright Unless you want to punch out Nah, that's okay But then it's only a joke for us Matt, what's up? Hey guys, how you doing? Real good I was wondering if you caught that part when Penny Cron gave it back to the studio And I forget the guy's name he announced it there It says, yeah, it's not too much fun when your clam freezes up either That's what the line was, thank you That's what it was I almost fell out of my bed I laughed so hard I couldn't believe it And I don't think anybody else Cause wasn't she Wait, wait, wait Cause wasn't she also reporting about how they have to bring all the clams inside Cause it's so cold out It gets below 10 degrees It's a little too cold for my clam But I couldn't believe he actually said that That her clam was going to freeze up out there God, that is Hey, you guys suck, man Keep up the good work I'm not That was the line Thank you for helping me I'd have spit out my beer if I heard that Forget it Yeah, that was very good It's never fun when your clam freezes shut John, what's going on? Yo, what's up, man? Alright The other day I saw Ziggy A couple blocks below CBGB's This is when it was real cold I think it was Friday night, I'm not sure Poor bastard He was drinking a big bottle of strawberry yu-hu in one hand And he had some like What was it? Smirnoff in the other Ah, there you go Yeah, it was a good chaser I started talking to him And he started complaining Not that it was cold out But that everyone with a You know, with a windchill Everyone's like With a windchill, it's 50 below He started complaining Saying, why are they even saying that? If it's 10 degrees, it's 10 degrees Don't tell me that It feels like it's 50 below That's from my grandmother She said, it feels like it's 50 below So he was complaining that people aren't really tough nowadays I'm surprised that you were able to even understand Ziggy Oh man, I had the thing going with him We were like, we're connecting, you know? We asked you guys If you ever see Ziggy on the streets To please give him your change I don't know, he looked pretty set up He looked like he had more money than I did Yeah, he was totally hooked up Well, all the locals in the area know him So they do take care of him Yeah, I actually asked him if he wanted any food And he said that someone had bought him a pizza and stuff And some hockey and whatever, so it was cool Alright Alright man Thank you Later Bye Yeah, you wonder if the homeless guys out there In weather like this You know, you kind of feel bad Because it is 13 degrees, 10 degrees And there's homeless out there But then you start thinking Are they so crazy they don't even know they're cold? Maybe that's it Like I saw Oprah Man downstairs Whoa! Can we get Oprah Man on the show today? Is he still singing you think? He's still singing I'm like, I can't even go out and breathe Right I can't breathe or my insides freeze I have to hold my breath, run across to Associated Get something, hold my breath, run back I breathe, I die He's like taking these huge breaths Boar! Like, ho! And he's only wearing like one coat Well, the shelters must be in really bad shape Because they've been interviewing a lot of the homeless people With this Arctic blast that we're getting And most of the people say that they would rather be out in single digits Than go into these shelters for the night What's wrong with the shelters though? Are they like a prison? One lady that looked like hell said that the shelters stink They stink Well, because the people stink That's what I mean And you should have saw this lady So they must be really bad But they would rather stay out in the freezing cold Than go into the shelters Wow, they're still that bad, huh? That's what they were getting at on the news the other night, so All right, Ant We have to take another break? That sucks Why so many breaks? Because we have so much fun, I guess The commercials load isn't any bigger or anything Okay All right We've got to get into some stuff here today Yeah What? We don't know, but We'll figure it out We'll work on it All right Stay there, more of the show on the way 212-757-1027 is our phone number O.P. and Anthony Is this the best radio you guys can come up with? 1027-WNEW 1027-WNEW, it's the O.P. and Anthony show It's Tuesday Looking for a bunch of people to join the Tuesday Night Hummer Club tonight Ladies, it's up to you Guys love hummers Yeah Especially on days like today Our Facts Line 212-957-9639 Coming in at 5 o'clock today, Stephen Lynch Haven't heard from him in a while Is he playing somewhere? I believe he's got a gig Usually now he only comes in when he's plugging stuff Oh, I don't know Usually he has a gig somewhere Well, let's not get stupid Just about anyone who comes in here is plugging something That's true Not many people come in just to hang with us anymore Yeah They know how powerful this radio show is Oh my God, a dynamo It would be nice to see a big celebrity just walk in the door Well, we do have one, Jay Moore Yeah When Jay Moore comes in, he doesn't plug anything No I would like to see another celebrity just come in just because they want to be here I know Remember when we played that game, the biggest celebrity that listened to the O.P. and Anthony show? Yeah And I played it like three weeks after being here Yeah And the biggest celebrity turned out to be a guy that played a dead body in a reenactment scene on America's Most Wanted Well, then the second time we played it though, it was encouraging because we had a soap opera star Yeah, soap opera star and then that old bag, Sylvia Miles Sylvia Miles, the one in Asher Right She listened Do you want to maybe have that as an underlying little thing today? We could do that We'll see how much better we're doing We went from a dead guy in a reenactment on America's Most Wanted to an Oscar winner, Sylvia Miles, old Oscar winner and a soap star Right Now let's see You think we can do better today? I think so All right, if you're a celebrity or you think you're a celebrity Yeah Call the radio show and say hi to us today Right now, we'll put you on the air and we'll see how big a celebrity listens to the O.P. and Anthony show All right, our phone line is 212-757-1027, okay? Come on, you're out there, you know it and you're listening Don't be all scared, call up I hear from you Joey, what's going on? Hey, listen, as far as I'm concerned, Penny Cronin is the biggest celebrity you could probably get on your radio station What? We've had Jay Moore Are you a big Penny Cronin fan? Yes, I am She's terrific out there in the streets Let me tell you something, she works harder than you guys That's a dig at us, Joey What's the matter, Joey? Is Penny your grandma? Hey, listen, you don't need to make fun of Penny Cronin Hey, Joey, are you related to Penny Cronin? I want to know why you're sticking up for her Yeah Well, look, every night I watch Fox 5 and I think she's a good worker She's out there in the cold and the price is zero below today Hey, Joey What do you want from her? Joey, so do you watch Penny Cronin and pull out your junk and get all excited and stuff or what? What's the matter with you guys? What are you, sick or something? Listen to this guy What's your problem, man? Hey, man, listen, the woman works really hard You don't need to pick on her She has to do five minutes a day on the street Whoo, that's a tough gig Well, compared to you guys, what? Coming with your jeans on and sneakers and just sit on a chair and talk a lot of crap That's what she does, right? That's pretty much what we do Thank you, Joey Yeah, you described our job You're listening to us, right? Well, I'm tuning the dial over and you can hear that crap you're giving out Accidentally fell onto the station Yeah, that's it Accidentally fell onto the station, didn't you? All right Well, say hi to Penny for us, all right? Yeah Maybe you should try to be like, I miss more Why didn't you do that? All right, thank you, Joey We really don't have time for you He's not even good at like ragging us Bye Mind if they're good Bye Christina Yeah How are you? I'm fine, thank you I'm very excited because I am now a true member of the Tuesday Actually, it was a Tuesday afternoon hummer that I gave today Oh That was, right? So you gave your guy a hummer just because of our radio show? Yeah, well, you know, I think it had to do with a lot of things But yeah, definitely your radio show And he's got his new apartment He was doing manual labor all day He came home all dirty and looking like a real construction worker And so he was tired and he's got to go in there again today And he's actually there now He's probably listening and so I hooked him up Nice Yeah, I was very proud I was very proud And then I just got in the car and started listening to you guys And I realized it so on Tuesday That's right You guys are now members of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club Did he reciprocate? Well, yeah, he actually finished me up So it was actually pretty good Well, congratulations Thank you guys All right You suck All right, bye No, you suck Yeah, really Steve Hey, Steve Yeah You're a screenwriter? Yeah, how are you guys? Pretty good I mean, I just can't believe how cold it is here I can't believe You guys put up with this all winter? My God What, you're from LA or something? Well, yeah, I'm just here for the week, yeah Oh, doing some work, are you? Yes, this is unbearable Yeah, I don't know if I'm really a classified celebrity But I wrote Saving Private Ryan with Steven Spielberg So if that kind of qualifies me Then I want to perform a hand-in-hand link Because I've been listening to you I listened to you guys last week And I've heard some of the tapes Some of my friends record your tapes And send them out to me in California Oh, yeah And the bit that you guys did when you sent the homeless to the mall Oh, yeah In New Jersey Oh, yeah I want to tell you We played it at a party on a Friday night And I mean, they were in wet pants But guys, it was hysterical I mean, very funny We got nobody in LA doing anything like you guys I mean, they play Stern and they got a couple of jocks that stepped out But nobody's doing anything as funny and creative as you guys are Thank you Hopefully we'll be out in LA Isn't Tom Lykus the star of LA? Yeah, you know Tom! Lykus is alright Hello, Tom! Hello, douchebag! Lykus is the same schtick every night Yeah You know We'll get out there eventually You know He rips women and he talks sex But he's not as creative as you guys are The bit with the mall was terrific You guys should have a whole team of homeless with O&A shirts walking around the city Yeah Well, you know what we're going to do next with the homeless people? I think we're going to do it soon, actually We're going to send a bunch of homeless people to Atlantic City to gamble There you go Yeah, put them in the casinos You know, you probably have to see a host meeting them at the door With prizes and packages not to come in It could be the best thing that ever happened Very good You guys suck, I really enjoyed listening to you So how can we prove that you actually wrote Saving Private Ryan? Ah, ask your partner What can I tell you? So what did you, sit down with Spielberg and like had a story? And what did you do? What was your contribution? We worked before and actually what happened was I was walking through a graveyard in Massachusetts where my wife is from with my son And we were, there was a memorial there to the men from the town that had died on D-Day And that was kind of the germ for the idea And I was trying to explain to him what D-Day was and what World War II was And realized that he was 12 years old and really didn't have a clue And that was the germ for the idea And then about a week later I was up one night late, had some bad tacos And I watched a movie called The Fighting Sullivan Brothers Which was a true story about four American brothers that were killed on a ship At the beginning of World War II And the whole thing just started germinating and sketched it out And pushed it to Steven and he was pretty excited Hey Steve, it sounds legit Are you calling from a rubber room? From a where? Like a mental hospital right here Imagine if he's just like a lunatic that goes, I wrote that, I swear Well I guess we gotta believe you What's your last name? Zalian Zalian? A-L-L-I-A-N On my home planet it's pronounced No, come on, we're good The driver's about to go to the tunnel, man So I guess I'm gonna leave you on the cell phone Good luck, you guys suck, I really enjoyed listening to you Hey thanks man Say hi to Steven Spielberg for us, alright? There he goes, Steve I guess Rick's getting on the net, the web And he's gonna check the credits and see if he's actually a screenwriter On that That's a good start to the bit today, Anthony It sounded knowledgeable, that's a mover and shaker, a player in Hollywood Look at that Most famous person that is listening to our radio show today So far a screenwriter that helped write Saving Private Ryan Yeah Think we'll beat that today, Ann? I don't know, I'm seeing a couple more on the screen Alright, well first let's go to Liz, Liz what's going on? Hey guys, how you doing? Good I just wanted to let you know I'm not the first time I initiated my fiance in the Hummer Club But we tuned into your station and you started talking about it I'm like, oh wow, so what did I do? I gave him a Hummer He was, you know, reciprocated And guess what he's doing right now? Sleeping on the couch on some stool off Well, why are you pissed off? That's what happens after we have sex Because we just moved into our new house We have so much to do if I would have known I was gonna fire him out And we've waited till tonight You should be flattered That means you did a great job Yeah, two minutes But you really gave him a Hummer because you heard us talking about it on the show today? Yeah, well we will listen to you We have the radio on upstairs and downstairs Yeah You gave me the ping pong table No, not at all We love hearing about ladies giving Hummers Yeah, and we were fixing the kitchen countertop And all of a sudden you started actually telling that girl how to do it Yeah And I didn't need any instructions or anything But I happened to be on my knees right in front of him So I pulled it out, started doing it He stopped me, reciprocated, then I finished him And now he's sleeping on the couch Did you make the Charles Bronson face? Actually, you made me start laughing when you said to do that face And then I looked up at him and at that same time You were telling the girl to look up at him with her eyes Yeah Pretty funny But also watch out for that guy Joey that quarreled about Penny Crone Yeah He sounds like a psycho Well, we have plenty of those that listen to our show We're not too worried All righty, have a nice day guys Thank you Liz All right Bye-bye I wonder how many Hummers we're getting guys today, Anthony There seems to be a discrepancy, Opie Uh-oh And this guy, Steven Zalien Okay Little discrepancy here He's under the credits of writing Schindler's List And not under the credits of writing Saving Private Ryan Uh-oh Uh-oh, have we been scammed? I think Steven has his facts wrong How did you find that out so fast? I'm on the net Internet Movie Database has everything you'd ever want to know about any movie So we're still looking for famous people listening to our show today? Yes Vincent, what's going on? Hey, what's up guys? All right, what's up? Hey, listen, I bumped into my ex-wife over Christmas Yeah And I haven't seen her in like three years I'm going out with the chick, you know, having a grand old time with her But she's not really into the Hummer thing So we started talking on the phone occasionally here and there And I started telling her about the Hummer Club She said, why don't you come by next Tuesday and I'll get you into the club I was like, you gotta be kidding me So now, tonight is the night We already got the date, we got the hotel room Everything's ready to rock and roll, man I'm pretty stoked about this, I don't know Is that sick or what? That's a little different I figured any way to get in, I might as well take it Right She was pretty good that way, it's just everything else was no good, you know? So you're getting a Hummer because of our radio show? Absolutely Well, let us know how it is, all right? All right, you guys rock, man Thank you, Vincent Take care Bye Hey, Pam, you're next on WNEW, what's up? Hey, what's up? I want to give my boy a word, we're driving to help his parkway And I want to give him a word, we're on the radio You know Hey, turn on your radio Turn on the radio Do you want to... Do the trick? I'm on a cell phone, though You're on a cell phone? Uh-huh All right, Pam, do me a favor, right? Yeah And don't repeat this, just make believe you're talking to us, okay? Yep Start the deed, okay? All right And you give the cell phone to your guy We're going to talk to him for like just a few seconds And while we're talking to him live on the radio, just gently bite his junk, all right? Bite it? Ah, forget it, you stupid idiot Ah You're not supposed to blurt it out while he's standing right there I would never do that, I don't care, I know Well All right Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, good What a dumb broad Ah What a dumb broad What do we say? Don't repeat what I'm saying, just make believe you're talking to me Oh, that's... of course What do you expect? We want you just to kind of bite it a little bit Bite it? Bite it? God Ah, what a dope I'm so pissed Jesus Christ Works like a charm You can only break out that trick every once in a while, though Yeah All right, Ant, we got to take a break We've had a request for the Alan Funk bit Ah, yes We could do that going into spots Sure This came in the day that we found out that The founder of Kanda Camera Alan Funk Passed away, Alan Funk It's a very, very sad day We lost a great one An icon An icon Television icon Television icon They're saying there wouldn't have been a cops or world's dangerous animals Oh, really? If there wasn't first Alan Funk and Kanda Camera Oh, yeah Remember that? I used to watch it all the time Alan Funk, dead at the age of 84 Do we have any of his music? Yeah When the sheets get too deep You're elected, you're the star today Smile, you're on Kanda Camera Yeah The whole Kanda Camera That's right, I remember that Look at that, I'm tearing up We took our Kanda Camera And put it here in a casket Where my corpse will be rotting Don't be surprised if sometimes, somewhere Someone steps up to you and says Hey, Alan, you're dead That's so wrong Why? He'd probably like that They should do like a final Kanda Camera stunt with them With Alan Funk in the casket? Here I am in a casket In a funeral parlor But that isn't a funeral director It's actually Fanny Fland Playing the bumbling funeral director Watch the horror of my grieving family As she knocks the casket over An embalming fluid pours out of my ass Oh, look at that, see? It just splashed Fanny in the face Here I am after a few days of rotting They put me out on the street Against a lamppost like a bum Look at the horror of the people passing by As they smell the stench of rotting death That woman just fell down Isn't that funny? Hey, the cop on the corner is played by Maury Amsterdam After a week, my limbs are falling off Watch as someone drives their car around the block With my legs sticking out the bottom of the car door I'm dead I was pretty fat toward the end I had an Alan Funk bunt He was always getting in on the act Now in addition to candid kids Watch in horror as my head is on a table of a kindergarten class The kids screaming in horror Oh, an extra treat, a bird's pecking out my eyeball Look at the screaming in horror in the children Oh, Anthony, that's not the way I want to remember Alan Funk I think he would like to be involved in one last stunt like that One last candy camera stunt? One last candid camera Come on What's Fanny Flagg? He's the funeral director, huh? Watch as they put me in a gay bar as a passed out gay man And I take it in the keister Come on You want to tune in? What is it, Weekend at Bernie's with Alan Funk starring? Weekend at Alan's Come on Come on Here we are in a bowling alley Watch the horror of the bowler as their ball knocks the pins down But my head comes back in the ball return Oops, watch my eyes Come on, you wouldn't wise Oh, I remember this Al, what's up? Yeah, he made a couple of X-rated candy cameras Yeah, he made them It was a video store What was that? It was on Playboy Channel or something Unless there was other ones that people forgot about Where I administered the jackhammer to certain people Watch as Fanny Flagg is bent over a table as I pound her with the jackhammer In this next clip People pass by an ordinary lobby of a dental office As Adrian Balboa gives Jimmy Stewart a rusty trombone Look at the horror Don't be surprised if sometimes, somewhere, someone steps up to you and says Hey, bitch, cover your gash Watch the fun as this crack whore dies swallowing her own vomit Laugh along with Fanny Flagg and Maury Amsterdam Well, there he goes Godspeed, Alan Godspeed to you Alan's, uh, Alan Fund, dead at the age of 84 Yeah Our haunted tribute Don't be surprised if sometimes, somewhere, someone steps up to you and says Hey, Alan, you're dead 1027WAW, it's Opie and Anthony That's a tape bit, obviously We wanted to play the Alan Fund before commercials But we gotta go back live on the radio because Psycho Mark has struck again, man Psycho Mark live on the air with us from Times Square outside the MTV studios And Mark, you were completely on with the wow sign I should be back on right about now, soon you can see me Alright, here we go, we're live Alright, they're fading out There you are, right there There he is, look, he's right behind Christ into the crosswalk Move over, yeah, right there Now you're behind the g- whoa, you almost got hit by a car Oh, they went to the street now They're on the street right now They're on the street right now Alright, wait, now they're back, uh, they keep flipping back and forth There's a camera inside the studio, he keeps looking at me, he keeps moving, turning over to the right That's alright Well, they're right there Alright, hold on, they're on the street, they're talking, they're doing a little interview Psycho Mark has struck again today On Total Request Live there Total Request Live He should be on again A huge wow banner, okay, they're back, there you are There you are, look at him Moving up and down, up and down, up and down Moving up and down Mark There he goes And people are peeping, there's the wow sign Don't kill yourself, take the job, come on out you bum Hey, can't you, you can't get behind the guy on the street Yeah, lift it up, lift it up, we're on again, lift it up, lift it up Oh, okay Lift it up Uh oh, there he goes, there he goes Psycho Mark and his wow sign They're trying to move the camera, go to your right really fast Yeah, go to your right Oh, we see the cop, we see the cop, go to your right Go to your right, there it is, right there, perfect Perfect He has struck again Hey, hold on, let me see, let me see I want that Hey, let me see That is the I'm coming up and congratulating you Psycho Mark has struck again outside the MTV studio Hey, are you successful? They're all looking at me up inside the studio right now They're like trying to figure a plan Why they could get a better camera angle without me in it You know what? What? That's impossible They keep panning the camera around you Mark, Mark, hold on the line, a couple people saw you, hold on Hold on a sec Let me do it this way Mike, what's going on? What's up, guys? Hey, what's up? I called up and I told him that I saw him on MTV And Spats took all the credit, he said it was his sign It's I was watching Totally Cuts Live, I mean I don't like the show But I just saw the wow sign in the corner, I was like, oh, there's a wow sign I was like, I'm gonna call up the tele guy Yeah, it's way in the background, that's what's so funny I was watching it while you were Yeah, don't curse though, thank you, man Sorry, man Alright, Mike Is that too funny? You just like stand in the background Alright, let me go to Jose real fast Jose, what's up? Yeah, I'm watching it right now It looks like Michael Mark's like a midget on a Viagra right now Check it out from there It's not as pronounced as the Letterman studio thing from last week But it's just as funny because you can read the wow clear as day in the background Alright Alright, Jose, thank you Good room Alright, bye You know what's really funny? Is that Channel 2 is down here doing some live reports down here Yeah? I might have a chance to do some again Oh my god, what are they doing down there? Yeah, Channel 2, I have no idea, Channel 7 is down here, Channel 2 Yeah Some of these are probably down here Alright, hold on a second, I wanna go to another caller here Eric, what's going on? Hey, how you doing? Alright I saw a psycho Mark down there, I just caught MTV, the last of it Yeah That cop car turned around, I thought they were gonna get out and arrest him You see that? I know, what was going on with that cop car, Mark? Those guys were starting turning into NW As soon as they saw me, they reached for their radio And they started turning into him, they gave him the thumbs up Yeah, I think we love the cops, man Ask Mark if he would expect you guys to post bail for him Nah, he's not gonna get in trouble Nah, I'm not, I'm just kidding As long as it's not over like 25, 30 bucks Mark, it was funny, because the first time you were on You were like the only guy in the street with a big huge wow sign The sole idiot running around with a big yellow sign Well, I think it, MTV gave me a tour of their studios about 3 months ago So I figured out all their camera angles Oh, cool So, I just wanna get the fact all here Eric? Yo guys, I was watching RAW last night, I saw a sign for a rusty trombone Oh, cool Alright, thank you, Eric Alright, you guys take care, you guys rock Alright What's going on with the police cars? There's a fire engine just coming down the street Hold on, I think they're about to do another shoot And if I'm lucky Alright I'll be able to be on Alright You can't get near that guy on the street, huh? What's that? You can't get near the guy on the street? I can, but there's like a bunch of S-beaters around him And, I mean, I swear if I could Can't you go for like the suicide mission and just run right in front of the camera with the big huge wow sign or what? Yeah, it's awesome I mean Just making a lot of noise Hey, rip him up, you know That's plan two Are they singing a song right now? They're in commercial They're in commercial Joe, what's up? What's up, man? You look like a computer animation Yeah, I did, I looked like it was inserted in Classic Oh, cool, Joe, thanks Yeah, yeah What I want to do is I want to go rip out stupid signs for all these stupid chicks hanging out in front here Psycho Mark, you look like, like, Where's Waldo? All of a sudden out of nowhere Yeah, you see the huge wow sign Right, like, search a guy Right Alright, Joe, thank you, bye That is too friggin' funny, man Eric, you're next, what's going on? Oh, I got it on tape Oh, you did? Yeah, we were taping it, right? You see, who's that guy? Freddie Prinze or whoever I think it's Freddie Prinze Jr. is filming that Yeah, you see that talking, right? They cut off the screen All you see is that was Mark Holden, the big yellow and red better Running backwards like he's gonna fall, looking back And he almost got side swiped by the dark-eyed Brian You saw that, huh? It's hysterical He's a lunatic Alright, Joe, I'm getting set up for the second shot here Alright I guarantee you I'm gonna get on this time again Alright, thank you, Eric I gotta hang up because we want to see what Mark does here Okay, I'm dropping it in the mail now Alright, man Yeah, get the tape to us Okay Alright, bye So, Mark, they should be going to you very, very soon here Very soon Alright, let me know how I'm doing with angles I will If you could get in front of the camera on the street And just make a complete jackass of yourself We'd be greatly appreciative Alright Alright, I'm gonna stand there, man Don't worry I'm standing across the street Tom's telling me to stand across the street Sad pig You guys there? Yeah, we're here Alright, I'm definitely gonna get on this time no matter what If I had the block, I would have been killed Alright, here we go I think now he's not on yet Alright, Eric, hang up because we gotta go to Psycho Mark Okay, no problem Alright, man Yeah, they're still in commercials, bro Are they? Yeah Not for long They should be coming back in a few seconds Alright, Brian, what's going on? Oh my God, that's the hugest wow sign I've ever seen in my life Isn't that a big one? Oh my bad Don't care Yeah, but the wow sign, oh my God Alright, Brian, thanks We're going live again We gotta go I'm standing across the street right now Alright And uh That's our building Alright, they're uh, alright, they're on the street We're looking, we're looking They're waving We don't see anything yet There's a tractor trailer going in front of the studio It should be on about now, guys You see me right across the street? They moved them in Oh wait, look, look it up, look it up Look it all the way up That's high Move to your right, move to your Ah They keep Alright, wait, you're on again No, no, you're behind them Move to your right, move to your right Or way over to your left Way over to your left Way over to your left Move way left, dude, way left Run left Run left, run left Run left, run left As hard as you can, I'm serious Run, run, run Oh God damn Is it dead? We could tell it was the wow sign You were almost there You were almost there, you were like The W and half the, oh man I realize it's tough Because they keep trying to move the camera around Yeah, they're screwing around with the camera They're completely on to you Because they keep going to different camera angles You just kind of torment them Chris, what's going on? Dude, that is the funniest FDR I've ever seen in my life Psycho Mark looks like a little puppet out there He's like taking these little steps It's too funny, man That is the largest wow sign I've ever seen Thank you, Chris If anyone comes up to him, tell them nobody nipnates with the Psycho Mark Very good Alright, later Thank you I hope my insurance is paid up Because I'm getting nailed by a car here Yeah, you've got to be careful Because when you're running all over the street This car is flying all over the place, man Yes, it is Let me see Let me see what else we got here There's a ton of people calling in Sean, what's going on? Yo, nonstop recording for you guys Oh, cool I've got it all We're still looking for Psycho Mark We're still looking for Psycho Mark's Letterman's CBS TV appearance from last week Someone's got to send that in to us so we can put it on the unofficial website I didn't get that one Yo, tell the cops to screw themselves Alright, yeah, that's alright Most of them are being cool Alright, you guys want this tape? Yeah, definitely Alright Thanks, Sean Stand by, we're going up again Alright Here we go again This is too funny Alright, they're live again Alright, where are you, Mark? Where are you? There he is Hang on, stay right there Stay right there Hold it up straight Are you okay in the name tag? Yeah, I'm okay in the name tag You're lunatic Go right, go right It's okay He was up for like 15 seconds You're a freaking loon, man All the way right All the way right, you're back on All the way right Run as far Ah, too late Okay, okay, okay It's alright It's alright, quick clips Oh my god, it's too funny though He's jumping around, he's waving his side around It does, it looks like it's been inserted in digitally or something Hey, Rich, what's up? Alright, they're on again, move to the right I can't, I'm stuck behind a bus Are you? Yeah, I'm screwed right now Oh, there's the bus We see the bus Yeah Alright, that's okay Hey, Rich, what's going on? Hey, guys, this is incredible You guys are too funny I said we have got MTV on, the stereo on It's like total interactive Yeah I mean, Psycho Mark is a nutcase He is in every shot that they go to, man You guys rock, this is too funny Yeah, we're in the show right now, I'm excited Alright, Rich, thank you You're welcome, guys This is our new bit, interactive TV, man There's a lot of instant feedbacks coming in The sign is as big as Mark And he's jumping in the street like a fish out of water Mark looks like a Smurf on crack running around with that sign Oh my God, this is really funny What's going on? Tom, what's going on? Tom I can barely hear him because of the... Yeah Brian from Flushing, he goes, I'm screaming at the freaking TV Move right, move left The people are screaming at home Hey, Mark, no one's messing with you at all? No one's messing with me at all No one's messing with me at all I mean, again, this is America It isn't Sidewatch And I can't walk out of it without my tubes and beads out If I just... Hey, I should go right over to Fox And see if I can do two in one day That's not a bad idea Go over to the Fox News channel and give them the goose too Oh yeah, because they have those windows now, don't they? Yeah, but you gotta do it just... You gotta get the timing just right for them Yeah, so if you could get by their windows where they do their broadcast Yeah And then get on the cell phone with us We'll monitor it And right when they go to that shot, you can just jump out And make a buffoon of yourself for that Wow, Cy Dude, I'm gonna stay here for a little bit Because I'm having so much fun with MTV They're about to shoot me at the radio Alright, John, you're on the radio, what's up? Hey, guys, what's going on? I just had to speed home down the parkway And I just put on MTV Dude, I am pissing my pants He's like a crazy monkey, man That's why we call him Psycho Mark He has struck again He's the best Two in two weeks, man We found you, Mark We found you Take care, guys Alright, bye Are they going back to you or what? I don't know I'm sort of watching them I think they're in the middle of the video right now As far as I can see But I'm trying to get another angle They keep moving all the whole set around And they keep trying to shift stuff But I'm too smart for that We ought to get a girl to wow To wow I know, is there going to be a girl? I mean, imagine that real live boobs on MTV like that Any girls in the area? Yeah, we should get some chicks down here I mean, even if they wow from your distance It'll be hilarious It's still boobage Yes Let me see what Sal has to say Sal, what's going on? Yo, what's up? Alright Oh, I saw Psycho Mark and MTV, man I'm crying This guy is so funny Cool I see this little blue guy jumping around with a wow sign It's hilarious That wow sign is huge It is huge It's crazy Alright, man Keep it up, guys Thank you, Sal Alright, everyone's saying we've got to kill the delay Yeah That is a problem, but Yep I don't know if it's going to happen though Mark, you still there? Yeah, I'm trying to get set up for the next shot The camera man is kneeling down right now He's not getting an angle of the scene anymore Because I'm kind of terrorizing the neighborhood I'm doing like high angle shots right now Of him from underneath, so Oh, like we're affecting the way they're directing the show I'm already into the camera man up there He's like Hi, Carson He's like, hi, hi, it's me Carson, we're going to go with the up the nostril shot on this one Hey, John, what's up? Hey, John, what's up? What's going on, Obed? Alright I saw Mark on MTV He looks like a lunatic jumping around, he's all blue That's our man, Mark You know, MTV's screwed, they repeat that thing at 9 o'clock So whoever didn't see it, you know, the delay, whoever catches the delay Yeah, we'll see it I wonder if they're going to have to like Cue them out or something Cue out the wow later or something Alright, John Alright, see you later Bye Alright, Mark, I think they're going to go to any second here Hold on, what is Eddie's trying to say? Eddie Yes What's up? Go to 59th and 5th cycle At 5 o'clock, they're going to do the 5 o'clock newscast at the early show studio Really? Yes You hear that, Mark? They switched to studios now because they're losing money 59th and 5th today? 59th and 5th They're doing the 5 o'clock news? The same block as FAO Shorts on the other side Are you sure they're doing it from there? Positive, 100% positive Alright, let's see Nobody's in front of those windows Alright Alright? Thank you, Eddie Alright Bye Alright, they're back on, dude I'm like behind them a little bit Alright, here we go Here we are We're back live Oh, look at the shot the guy Where are you? Right here, man I'm right there Shake the sign Here you are Move to your right a little bit Like a step to your right Perfect Perfect Shake it around and stuff Watch out Watch out Watch out Watch out Watch out Watch out Watch out Watch out for that truck, man Dude, run to the left Real fast Run to the left Oh no Cars are coming He's in the middle of traffic now He's in the middle of the street Watch out for the cars What a friggin' lunatic Look at him He's a friggin' lunatic, man Damn, is that funny, man That was too much fun You gotta do Dude, you gotta do one where you just Run in the middle of the street to your left And it'll be It'll be a great shot Like you'll be alone in the picture You'll be alone in the picture I'll be right in the middle of the street and I'll be dead Oh my God You'll be off the pavement Wow, hold on a second Someone wants to talk to you Pete, what's going on? Hey, what's up? Alright My girlfriend works for MTV If I can get in touch with her She might be able to go out there Wow Oh, really? Yeah We really need a girl If there's any girls near Psycho Mark We want you to flash No worries I might be able to get her out there Alright Well, do it Immediately I'll try it I'll call you guys back Alright Alright, thanks You got a bunch of fans They're all saying We won't be here Well, you got What are you guys saying? We won't be here Don't get one of them to wow us, man Is there any Yeah, you guys You got a bunch of chicks around And a nice huge can Oh, wait There's a sergeant on the line That just got a complaint from MTV Sergeant Morales, what's up? Hey, how's it going, man? I'm coming down I'm coming down I'm taking him down now You guys gotta get him out of there Come on No Alright Baba booey, baba booey No Oh, what a moron I'm not even gonna dump out the line Say baba booey as much as you want I'm kidding That old gag That old gag Ryan from Jersey on Instant Feedback I guess he's not listening It says on MTV's Total Request Live right now There's a crazy guy Dancing with a huge wow sign They didn't say that, did they? Yeah A crazy guy That's you Wait, I thought it was psycho Bobby, what's up? Yo, guys I was just watching Total Request Live I saw the thing on there Yeah Yeah, I mean, it's alright But what really would be good What would be much cooler Is if you actually get a girl to wow on the air Yeah, that's what we're gonna try to do That's what you should do And you know, it's really tough When you guys talk about it With the delay and all that Yeah, we know It's still a little bit It's still a little bit It's still a little bit It's still a little bit It's still a little bit It's still a little bit It's still a little bit Yeah, we know It's still funny as hell, man That's what you should get Alright Alright, Bobby Alright, thank you, Bobby There's always someone trying to wreck our buzz, man It's still funny as hell Hey, Mark Yeah They're in a long commercial break now, I think Oh, they are? Yeah I would hope so They were probably so sick of me They didn't want to go back in the house ever Is anyone saying anything to you? I haven't One cop I was in the middle island One cop said one thing And that was it Yeah But other than that No one has even said a word Every cop that drives by has been giving me the thumbs up They're like Is there any girl close by that could do a quick wow? There's probably about 12 teeny-boppers in front of me But If there's any Opium Anthony fans really close to Psycho Mark Outside the MTV studios You've got to find Mark with the huge wow sign Got to You can't miss me Well, that's obvious Quick flash That would be great Let's go to Someone says Mark looks like the old video game Frogger In the middle of the street Remember that game? Yeah, because you're moving all over the place Trying not to get hit by the trucks I do I got mailed about 12 times Hey, Chris, what's up? I thought yesterday was funny with CBS But you guys beat yourselves out today Yeah, this is hilarious I used to like the show Now I have to listen to it or my day's not complete Thank you, man You guys are hilarious The CBS bit is the funniest thing the radio has ever produced Hey, look at that Hey, thank you You got it I think they're going back live All right, we'll find out in a second here Trying to get in position here for this camera shot Someone's saying they finally have a reason to watch MTV Since they were 13 Oh, man He's going to get hit by that frigging bus Yeah, watch out for the trucks and the buses, Mark Dude, I'm going to get mailed All right, let's see what happens Are they going back? Are they going back? I don't know, I think they're going out All right, yeah, they're coming back right now All right They're doing a loud shot They got that chick All right, here we go Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on Just eagerly awaiting Just waiting for the cue from the director inside And we should be going Psycho Mark has struck again today We told you we'd strike again soon There's the bus? All right, there's some long freaking promo Christina Aguilera thing All right, here we go, here we go They're coming back, TRL, the live shot They're showing the crowd There's the street They're going back to the jog any second Now listen to what we say, Mark I'm not going to go in front of me But after the truck, I should be on the other side All right, all right, there's the truck There he is, jumping up and down There's the truck Wait, wait, wait, that damn truck Wait, wait, come on, come on, come on There he is There he is Very good What a lunatic Move to your right, move to your right, move to your right To your right, to your right, to your right, to your right Move to your right, there you go There you go Dude, you're going to get hit by a car Watch out That ambulance almost hit him He hit, right in the middle of the street Oh no, all right, that's fine Yeah, we can't even get him to run over I can't believe it, he's just right there That's great There's the huge wow side Now he's walking into the street If you could move into the street, it would be really It would be perfect Oh my God, there's a long, long shot And you're right in the middle of the street, man There you go Dude, watch out for the trucks They're flying right by you All right, I'm good, I'm good All right, get ready to run in the middle of the street if you can Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go Go, go, go He can't run into the middle of the street There he goes, there he goes He's caught in the street Yeah, and they quickly cut away They're all laughing at you out there People are cheering me on They're like, here comes Uncle Matt Here comes Uncle Matt Yeah, we need a girl to get over there in front of the MTV studio Yeah, well, we got J.O. What's up? Yo, what's going on? All right We're just congealing bastards, what's up? Not much, we're having fun today Yo, my girl's out there, dawg Well, get her to Psycho Mark Yeah, sure Nah, he just hung up All right You and your girls right there Diana, what's going on? I'm feeling that I'm going to see a clip of this on Fox's next one, Good Times Go Bad But she didn't get nailed by a pack How scary is that when you say that? I'm not going to say that Yeah, because the sign is so big and he's just running forward He doesn't even realize he's running in the middle of traffic and stuff When Good Times Go Bad I'm going to say it on camera All right, Diana You guys are the best All right, thank you Bye Psycho Mark striking again today for the Opie and Anthony show Yeah What is the instant feedback saying? People loving it, think it's hysterical They're watching at home and listening to other radio Truly interactive We've taken radio to a new level We've taken radio to a new level We've taken radio to a new level It's like a big stupid video game, isn't it? It really is It's Frogger with Psycho Mark Hey, Sean, what's up? Sean Yeah, what's up, Sean? Yeah, real fast, Sean Yeah, I'm just like a walking idiot All right All right, hold on, hold on Mark Who's talking to you? Some guys here on the street that tell me I should go up to 59 What was the street again that they're broadcasting live from? 59th and 5th, is that really true? 59th and 5th Yeah I'll go up there, you know me, I can tell that All right But I don't know, I'm not done with MTV yet I still want to have more fun When is this TRL over? Five They go all the way to five? All right, they're back on, Mark, they're back on Where are you? Where are you? I'm not in the shot, hold on All right, you got to move on I saw a piece of them They just cut away, the rock is on TRL tomorrow A lot of people thought we were going to strike tomorrow when the rock was down But today was a surprise attack, Anthony I just pointed the street around All right All right, you're back on, you're back on All right, hold on You got to get in the crosswalk All right, I'm right here on the crosswalk now All right, they're moving out, they're moving out No, all right I'm dead They're down on the street and that's the end of the show Yeah, is it? Yes, Mark This is tape Bravo Bravo, Psycho Mark strikes again, everyone Once again Once again infiltrating live television All right I'm going to go to five All right Because that's the next stop for the 59th and 5th 59th and 5th, get over there immediately Try to get some girls over there as well That would be great Any ladies that want to flash, Mark will be at 59th and 5th with the huge wow sign, okay? All right, I'll see you guys, I'll call you guys back All right, cool Peace out Psycho Mark, everyone I don't know what that is Unbelievable Brilliant We got to get that TV on Fox now We'll do that We are so late, we got to take a break here, man We are so late, Ed Too funny All right We'll be playing some commercials, if anything happens, we'll definitely jump right back into the show, so stay there Opie and Anthony 1027 WNEW 1027 WNEW, we're back, it's the Opie and Anthony show You never know who's going to step on by the studio On the way actually, Stephen Lynch, Anthony Yes We got Stephen Lynch coming into the studio We have Psycho Mark causing havoc all over Midtown Live television Live television, and now in the studio our buddy, our pal Chuck What's up, Chuck? What's up, guys, how you doing? All right Chuck in a suit, decided to come by to hang out with the show today Yeah, sure Baby suit, that's what this is, guys Were you checking out Psycho Mark at MTV? He is a nut He's a straight loaded thing, man You know what's funny though, Carson Daly is so self-absorbed He'd probably turn around like, wow, they're really impressed, aren't they? Yeah, wow, maybe they're wowing at my little costume I'm wearing today Well, Carson wasn't there today, he was Freddie Prinze Jr. They're going to rerun this tonight It'll be very interesting to see if they have to like chrome out all the wow signs They probably won't You don't think they will, they'll just let it fly? People loving it though, Andy and Jersey, Jesus, he almost got hit by that frigging postal truck Did you see that? That'd be the first time a post office person kills somebody without a gun Yeah, I think the Opium Anthony Show is truly the first radio show to become interactive with TV With your TV, it's great And without their knowledge Yeah, that's the most fun, that's the only fun way to do it Kevin and Jersey, is there any way to hook Psycho Mark up to a joystick So we can just move him around that way Pick another day and I'll go whip him out for you Yeah, we're looking for a girl to join Psycho Mark You know what, we gotta let this settle down a little bit because we figured out some things today And we have to have another sneak attack, but it'll get better next time Yeah, the people down there love Psycho Mark TRL with Psycho Mark, Total Request Lunatic Hey Ryan, what's up? Bella, how you doing? Alright I was actually working in that building, I was just downstairs And it's funny, this whole group of guys now following around He's like a mental patient out there, he's laughing to himself and giggling and everything That's why we call him Psycho Mark, he's out of his freaking mind He'll do anything for this radio show Then he rolls up this sign and tries to hide it like he's like 007 or something Dodging in and out of traffic to get positioned where the camera starts crossing daily and then him But you guys know you screw with your own company again I know, because what, now we own MTV as well, right? That's CBS, the buy account So you guys are in trouble again It's gonna be everything That's why we can't worry about it anymore, we just gotta F with the world and then we'll see what happens Alright, good stuff, Al Alright, thank you Bye Speaking of our own company What, CBS FM's on our casing end of the day, Bobby, what's up? Hey, how you doing? I was just listening to your CBS thing, I was dying on driving So about five minutes ago I pull into a store and I go in and they have CBS FM on And you got that guy that sounds like he smokes 1800 cigarettes a day telling the news Right as he ended that, he starts going like this, he's like, well look at the problems we caused today Making fun of these guys and the other guys, they're like trying to laugh it off and everything And the guy right before he puts a song on goes, oh yeah, well maybe next time somebody will We can pick on a station somebody really wants to listen to Oh, yeah You guys should all call them and remind them who's kicking who's ass in the ratings I did already Before they start making comments like that I told them I was cousin Bruce's nephew, they still wouldn't let me through They're not gonna let you through because they don't know how to deal with it No Of course they don't We let people through this radio show all the time that wants to trash us Yeah, well what the hell, where do we go? Alright, hey, you guys suck, I'll talk to you later Alright, pretty funny If they had any balls whatsoever, they would put some of our listeners on their airwaves This afternoon Yeah Ain't gonna happen They don't know how to handle a situation like that No, they freak out Evan, what's going on? I was just channel surfing too and they said the same thing, it was hilarious They were saying we should find somebody else to insult to get this free publicity It doesn't matter, we're still kicking their ass in the ratings I was listening to that yesterday, I almost crashed on the way home, I was crying What do they think, like our listeners obviously might check them out or something To see if they actually do sound like that, which they do And then get stuck there and go, oh I really enjoy this station I like hearing 50 year old music played by 80 year old men Yeah, this is really much better than the ONA show This is exactly what I was looking for from my radio CBS FM, we better find someone else to goof on Because we don't know how to deal with the phone calls we're getting Hey, how about we play a moldy oldy and then have a girl shoot a ping pong ball out her snatch Come on everybody, come on, CBS That was hilarious, you guys are great How about we do that today on CBS FM It's Whip-a-Mond Wednesday, show us your cans, bitches Yeah Drumlundee, hello love Let me see you shoot a bowling ball out of that gash Don't forget to tell the ladies to hob some knob because it is Tuesday, Anthony Yeah, we're going to try to get listeners the same way Opie and Anthony do Hey ladies, it's Hummer Tuesday, hob some knob on CBS FM Hob, hob, knob To the sounds of the happy organ from 1959 You're hobbing knob, baby, CBS They've got to be kidding me Oh please, the echo is going to make my head split open CBS, don't goof on Opie and Anthony They'll talk about you and how you like to touch children Children touchers No, we don't know what they're talking about over there Whatever, but if they have any balls whatsoever, put some of our listeners on your little radio show today It won't happen Their numbers will drastically go up to five Yeah, well they keep dropping dead, the listeners stuff They've got to recruit them from somewhere We're recruiting new listeners Don, what's going on? What's up, fellas, what's going on? How are you guys doing? Are you guys going to Nick Ame's tomorrow night? Not tomorrow's game, but in the near future, why? I work for the Knicks, I want to say what's up to you guys, maybe get you an autograph or something Oh cool, yeah, I won't be there tomorrow, but we should get Psycho Mark at the net gate He should be the guy that runs on the court with the big huge wow sign that gets tackled Better than that, a big huge... Like at the college football games, you know the guy with the banner and he just runs down the field Just have a big flag, a wow flag and just watch everybody It'll be like a pig catching race, you know, you ever see the lady trying to catch the pig? Well, it's my tomorrow Also, Patrick Ewan tackles Psycho Mark at the middle of the net game But get Mark real greased up first Slightly, just pounded on his head He's out there trying to find more trouble, so I don't know, we'll see where he ends up today That's a good idea, we ought to get Ziggy and all his homeless friends to carry wow signs out front of MTV Not a bad idea at all Because we were on for like 50 straight minutes with Psycho Mark, we do have to take another quick break Steven Lynch should be here soon, Psycho Mark should be checking in We got Chuck in the studio, lots going on on the Opie and Anthony show today Anthony Stacker too, the world's strongest fat burner Yes, people losing weight, you know, you're bulked up, it's the winter, it's cold You've got to get your layer of fat, but what are you going to do when the weather starts getting warmer, huh? You're going to be a pig when you peel off those clothes? No, Stacker too, world's strongest fat burner, burns the fat away It's amazing Yes, it is And it also gives you that boost of energy Oh yeah And it cuts the cravings to a snack during the day So you're not putting Twinkies in your mouth and stuff and gaining more weight And it all adds up to losing that big fat belly that you accumulated over the winter Don't you like to call that area of a woman a bunt? The bunt Ladies, the guys don't like the bunt Stacker too can help you get rid of the bunt Nobody wants to lay down a bunt No, lay down a bunt, certainly don't want to lay on a bunt They should call it the world's strongest bunt burner, that's what they should call Stacker too What happened to your bunt? It's gone, it melted away with Stacker too And without the annoying of... Look, now we have to dump out of that You have to dump out of that? You can't dump out of a commercial This is the commercial People pay for this, they don't want to hear that Ixnay Ixnay with that reference I'm opening up a whole new market for them Certainly are Alright, Stacker too, the world's strongest fat burner, gets rid of the bunt We jumped out of a commercial, Jesus Christ That's a first on our show Hey, Stacker too Studio, dumping out of a commercial They have a website, www.stacker2.com Or give them a call, 1-800-LIGHTLINE That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E For Stacker too, the world's strongest fat burner 1-0-2-7-W-E-E-W It's the Opie and Anthony Show Chuck's sitting in with us today Stephen Lynch on his way into the studio in a little while And Psycho Mark somewhere in Midtown causing havoc, Anthony Yes A lot of fun once again on the radio program Absolutely Everyday is a circus in here Causing havoc everywhere Some guy talked to you What? Talked to Jack real fast Jack, what's going on? Going on, Opie and Anthony Alright Yo, remember a couple months ago, this is when you were sick, Opie Like he isn't now Probably Yeah, I was physically sick Anthony, remember the girl Carmela? Working in the, she was working in the deli Oh, we got a call, yeah, Carmela working in the deli And two guys that worked with her I am, I'm him And they were going to have a threesome with this chick They all worked at the deli I remember hearing that from my sick bed Yes, well what happened, Jack? Oh, I banged her You did? Uh-huh Dude, that doesn't sound like a threesome Well, no, well, see You were like, just screw him It was kind of a threesome I was banging her on my bed, right? And then I left, and then my friend came in And then he freaking banged her Tag team Tag team, actually Because I want to see my friend, you know what I'm saying? So, are you just calling to brag? Is that it? Well, see, I don't work there no more Because, you know, I just stopped talking to her I'm calling for my new job Because, you know, there was a bang there That was it So what's the point, though, man? Man I mean, I'm proud of you Don't get me wrong, I'm proud of you But I just want to know exactly why I mean, what's the deal? Well, I just want to brag, you know what I'm saying? Okay There's nothing wrong with Lil' Bragging Rice, right? You know what I'm saying? Yeah, Lil' Bragging Rice never heard anybody talk about you Who is this, by the way? Oh, yeah, this is Sergeant Charlie Sergeant Charlie Oh my God, he came apart I repeat, we're under heavy fire See, first one of the day Man, there we go, flying off into the rising sun I love the smell of the apos in the afternoon I love the smell of pouring in the morning Isn't that great, man? You could just call it an airstrike on crap like that Oh, that's great I like that, man, the airstrike I'm going to tell you the truth It took me three weeks to get over the train wreck, man I just regained use of my legs Don't think I forgot about that The truck got trained that time The train wrecked me, man But at least Opie did that See, now you guys don't even give any warning Opie, you said, get off the truck, get off the truck Now I just let it happen Mike, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? Listen, I called a couple weeks ago A couple weeks ago when you had the rock on And I was busting his chops about when he goes to the metal land He's going to get up and talk and all this other stuff And he promised He promised up and down that he was going to do his rock thing Well, lo and behold, I go out, buy tickets, take the kids Uh-oh To the event, and what does he do? He comes out, doesn't open his mouth, doesn't do a thing He's something else Talk about this, man The kids are disappointed, finally Well, I got to cut you off because cycle marks back on the line But what I can tell you is the rock is coming in tomorrow for round two And we'll discuss it further Oh, he's coming in tomorrow? Yeah All right, take it easy I want to say a shout out to the Rick All right, and please call in tomorrow and confront him on that Don't worry, I'll be calling him because I'm calling him out All right, we got a surprise for the Royal Rumble as well Coming up Sunday when they broadcast live from Madison Square Garden Oh, yeah Can't wait for that one Thank you, Mike Take it easy All right, man, let's go back to cycle marks See if anything else is going on on the streets of Midtown Mark, what's going on? Oh, what's up, guys? Where are you? I am, I'd rather not say because, let's put it this way I'm in a position where my friend Stephen Clark is really close Well, don't say his name because everyone knows which station he's on All right, well, I already gave you away, it doesn't matter But you're right, they are broadcasting down from 5th and 59 What are they doing? In about four minutes, they're going to be going to the news Oh, my God They're going to open up the news I'm going to have the giant wild sign Well, I'm not going to say what I'm going to do, but... Yeah, don't say what's going to do that Yeah, yeah, just keep everything on the QT until zero hours Yeah Just let that cycle last You got some fans in Greater Western New York at Hobart William Smith College Hobart William Smith College This guy emailed me, doesn't get the show, but he lives here, he's in college And says, oh, my God, just saw a huge wild sign on MTV That doesn't, can't hear the show But he felt compelled to write us and say he saw that Nice, that's a good feature Oh, very good That's a good warm-up, considering we were supposed to do it tomorrow I hear you have a lot of fans following you all over the streets, huh? I've gotten rid of most of the fans Actually, I have nobody with me right now Because I'm better off working solo than with anybody else I got to tell you, the MTV thing was a huge success, huge All right, we're going for a Tuesday today Yeah We'll see if you can pull this one off today, man All right, well, keep me on the hold here, all right? All right, we'll do that We'll come back to you in a couple minutes All right, make sure you come back to me right before five About three minutes to go here I'll do that, hold on Yep And somebody in, someone in Massachusetts, same thing Saying that they saw a wow sign on MTV Yeah, see, I mean, yeah, well, we invented the wow, so Where did Mark escape from, man? Huh? Where did Mark escape from? That's all I want to know He's been doing crazy stuff for us for a while And it's about time that he's a star, man Stephen Lynch still coming in today, Rick? Yeah All right, cool God, we have lots going on today I thought the show was going to be a dud today Yeah, we're having fun We're having a lot of fun We're at the TV infiltration Let's go to Jerry real fast And then we'll go back to Psycho Markets It's getting close here Jerry, what's going on? What's going on, guys? You guys rock the house Thanks Y'all, I was coming over to Seaside Bridge I was coming out of Seaside Yeah And I had a Dover Township cop follow me I was like swerving over three lanes, man Laughing so hard That's cool I pulled over I almost wrecked a truck And I just want to tell you guys, man Yesterday was stellar Oh, thank you Destroyed a countertop listening to you guys Cool So, you guys rocked To think we were going to take yesterday off Oh, yeah, right Yeah, and ended up we had a real good one We're having a fun one today, too Yeah, I've been trying to get in touch with you guys for like months, man And like Spagg keeps on hanging up on me, that douchebag Well, he's just trying to do his job out there Tell Spagg I'm going to kick his ass when I see him All right, Jerry, thank you And I'm going to be listening to you guys on Thursday, man If you guys need help, I'll be up in Manhattan doing some tops All right, cool So, if the rock does get out of hand, I'll be up there to kick some ass We'll find out Thursday All right, brother Thanks, Jerry Peace Bye You know, I mean, there's live TV crews all over New York every single night So we do encourage, you know, some more of you guys to do this type of stuff We do it with Walsung It is so easy to do Yeah Nothing wrong with a homemade Walsung Because eventually they're going to be on to Psycho Mark, so His career is going to be short-lived as far as this goes The higher security, they'll be out there with pictures of Mark Canvas in the crowd looking for him Hey, Mark, anything going on yet? Just waiting, I think I've got about one minute to go here Yeah, I think that's about right So about D, then, I'm just looking at, I can see a monitor through the window here All right, hold on, don't give out too much, man, because they're going to be on to you Hold on I'm heading I'll come back to you in a sec He's headed Oh my God Oh my God, this is bad Hey, Russ Hey, what's up, guys? I know you have a good story, but I've got to keep you on hold I didn't want you to hang up, all right? My cell phone's starting to die, I'll say it real quick No, no, no, no, because we want to do a whole segment on this Call back if your phone dies, all right? I'll stay on hold All right, because Psycho Mark's about to attack If we lose you, definitely call back when you can Okay, man, I'm holding All right, man News people, beware, the attack of Psycho Mark When Psycho Mark attacks Psycho Mark going for a doubleheader today Yeah, see you for Thursday Well, they're just about ready to go to the news, here we go I think it might be right here Okay, it's time for the Runt-Runt News at 5 Oh, no Oh, no, here we go Mark, do you see they're going live? Yep, just about All right, they're showing the killer cold, top story killer cold that grips the Tri-State area Now, just see if you guys can see me, boy Freezing inside, people don't have heat Oh, my God, what are they going to do? There it is Okay, there's the live shot There's the live shot, come on, Mark Oh, shoot No, no, no, they're still behind her head Deep freeze Mark, what's going on? Oh, you probably can't see it No, not, well, because they have a weird angle right now Don't give up hope yet It's just behind her head Hold on Oh, they're... We'll tell you when you're on, ready? They're going to the weather map Frigid morning New Bern Bridgeport Montagueye slip Dude, can you get right against the window? I'm right against the window Okay, let's see what happens I'm going to get hit with a bunch of wolves All right, they don't have a window shot yet That's the only problem They're doing a quick weather break If you pull this off, dude, I will, I swear I will I will crap myself I will absolutely crap myself This one will be a toughie Hey, Ant, this is the coldest day since January 27, 1994 I didn't see it What a goofy weather When it was zero degree Central Park, today's low was three degrees Thank you Thank you for that Let's look at some of the temperatures of the area Somebody is saying that they saw them on We didn't see it, though Smithtown, eight degrees, Shirley, eight Here in Midtown, we're looking at nine degrees Uffinosity, ooh, get out those sweaters, two degrees All right, hold on, Mark They should go back to any second here, any second, come on Oh, damn What did they do? Did they put a background on them? They're trying to Yeah, they have a real tight shot on Steven And they put like a graphic right next to his head They might be on to you, man They might be on to you It looks like they're blurring Oh, wait, I see Oh, I see it We see it, but we need a better They have to pull out and then you're on, man Dude, they're going to kill me I mean, there's a SWAT team out here I could have been right there Three times, four times I could have been right there Three times, four right now? Yeah I saw them setting up two minutes ago I should have been right there behind that goon You could have been right there, man Damn What's the matter? They're buzzing inside the studio like Oh, my God Hang out, you got to get on the live show A bunch of people are on the line saying they saw him on Channel Hold on, let me Bill, what's going on? No, this is Bill Listen, you see circle marked against the glass They put a big tarp down on it A big black piece of thing You could make out the W and the O on it Really? Right behind there He's pressed against it All right All righty? Well, thank you No problem Everyone saw him on there We missed it, Ant I did, too We didn't see that Guys, you can see it barely, but you can see it Don't get him to move back and forth Matt, what's going on? Yeah, he was definitely on, right? When they showed the two people on Channel 2 He was holding it sideways And he almost hinted out the window Yeah, what did they, black the window out or something? Yeah And he was right against the glass? Yeah, definitely He was right in between the two Damn, man It was the coolest thing He saw him on MTV, too Yeah, he's all over the place Psycho Mark is on TV more today than anybody What the hell is that? Look at this old lady He's got no shit on Andy Warhol's mom It was like the beast from that cartoon from Bugs Bunny What was the name of that character? The Witch Yeah, the cartoon character in Bugs Bunny, The Witch or... Yeah, it was a... Was it a tween-berg grandmother? Yeah Matt, but you saw him on Channel 2, huh? Yeah, he was definitely there I saw wow All right, well, thank you No problem We're gonna have to see when they go back to the anchors after this story Because I mean, it looks like they're just going in with the tight shots Yeah, you just messed up their whole broadcast again Dude, there are bugs in there, there are people running around with clipboards, they're snapping Yeah, you'd be made to... You'd be made to snapping They must be doing the tightest shots in the universe because of me It's too bad you're not at Times Square because that's a no-brainer today, look at that Yeah, no kidding, I couldn't believe it They are live from Times Square You would have been right behind... Oh, you could have killed this guy Right behind that reporter there Oh, I would have ambushed him so bad They probably put the same guy back on just so they can prepare for Mark Yeah Camera 2 only, camera 2 only Mark, what do you think of the odds of getting on again? I don't know, there's security massing outside here, they're starting to... Oh, they have completely moved the camera over, man Come on, there's something like behind the guy's head Yeah, what is that? I ain't seeing a thing What a ficus tree there I am right behind that little pole They're moving everybody back to get security here Are you kidding? I'll step away from the glass and kiss my ass I'm looking up the eye Alright, over his shoulder I see him Go by her Go by her, go by her Let me hide her head Hide her head Oh, man, it's a wave It's my pal, Stephen Clark, we partyed at him We saw him for a couple of seconds That's cool He's an incident suspect They are so mad inside there They're now recording off the area because of me What country are you people from? Argentina Argentina And do you like to stand behind TV stations like this, like I do? This is a pastime we have in the United States It caused havoc among the airwaves She has no idea what I'm saying Welcome to America Tell her what I was about, man Hey Mike, what's up? Hey guys, what's up? Alright I just saw a cycle mark on the TV It was just like this little crack on the left side of the anchor's shoulder Yeah, it was right over his shoulder It was incredible There's some chest man over here There's a chest man over there Alright, thanks Mike No problem He just came up He should have come by here and lost Steven Clarke Oh man, Mike, what's going on? Hey Mike Mike, you there? We lost Mike They have such a tight shot now, it's not even funny Tell me about it They've cordoned off the entire area in front of a window You can't even get close anymore? Oh no, I can get close I'm just waiting for the right moment Jimmy, what's up? What's going on guys? I saw him, he was standing there with a big smile on his face A nice shot of him, though He had a big Kool-Aid on, I saw his white tooth I want to hang out with him, man Yeah, there you go Yeah, but they're trying to keep it tight though You can even look at the anchor's head, he's like pulling towards the other side Yeah, they know something's up, sir They know it They're like gun shot, they don't even want to stand still, they said pull it off to the right You guys have a good one, man, keep it up Bye bye He's freaking funny, man Yeah, wait I got him, I got him I got him Why are you chasing me? I'm going through so many things He's going to shoot me If I had 12 gauges, I'd be blowing your pants I've never seen such quick shots of the anchors in my life I'm going to run out of news Where are you now, man? I'm across the street because I'm launching an invasion on my ass You guys see me in that last shot? Yeah I can totally see myself in the window because I got a monitor right there which is the stupidest thing that could ever do On that shot, you can't tell it was a wow sign but if you're a fan of the show, you can tell because you see a quick W, the quick O, another W They are storming out of their studio like chickens without their heads on The director's running around We've got to dump out of Mark, he's cursing He's cursing like a bitch I'm all fucked up Crazy man I'm not a big fan of them, let's put it that way What a day for Psycho Mark, huh? You're on the TV You're a winning Emmy Alright Mark, we've got to take a break, we're so late Alright, call back if anything's going on, okay? Yep Alright, there he goes everyone, Psycho Mark Opie and Anthony, check Can we get these illiterates off the air please? Please, Suck If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen 1027 WNEW 1027 WNEW, it's Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony, check's in the studio I see outside the studio that Stephen Lynch has arrived We'll be talking to him in a few minutes, I believe he's got a gig tonight Right, is Ed Wise here tomorrow? Okay We'll talk to him about that in a few minutes Rob, what's going on? Hey guys, great show Thanks Got to tell you, if Psycho Mark ever gets arrested I'll be happy to volunteer to take his place I got a suggestion for another bit you might want to try I'm not sure I can say the name of the network But it's the big sports network up in Bristol, Connecticut They've got one version, they've got the Network 2, Network News Their news studio is in the main building And they've got a window that goes the entire length of the building That people walk through and behind all the time So you always see people back there Perfect That would be, I mean, MTV reaches a lot of viewers ESPN reaches ESPN News Oh, sorry, I don't know if I was supposed to say that It doesn't matter because you don't know when we're going to attack That's a good point They're not going to shut down because of the OVN Anthony show Don't forget about us and then a month from now or so It'll happen, right It would be, I mean, to do a live shot outside One thing, we get Psycho Mark or someone to infiltrate the studio Right I got a sister that works there I'm not sure how much that would help you guys out But I think that'd be a pisser I almost killed myself driving home We want Psycho Mark to spawn others I mean, there are live crews all over New York every single day Every single day So if there's any Psycho Mark juniors out there that want to take Psycho Mark's lead, go for it I've been inspired All right Great show, guys I'd never get home from work without you guys Thank you, we appreciate that Later All right, bye Let's go to Tim Tim, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? You saw behind that black lady, right? Yes There's like a security guard walking back and forth Did you see him? Yeah That's hysterical You guys are totally screwing up the show, I love it It's so classic Oh, cool, man Got my dad listening now for the first time He's like, these guys are nuts Yeah I don't know what's going to happen on the show from a day-to-day basis I know, you guys are the best All right, thanks, Tim All right, love you, Joy All right Bye It's echoing It sounded like you wanted to see me actually Yeah, Bill, what's up? What's going on, man? Each ball balls, man That's what I... Each ball balls Psycho Mark has each ball balls, man Hoppity hops I don't know how he does it, but he manages to walk around with a big ass pair I can't even tell you how big his freaking Johnson is Yeah, well, you know what? A lot of people on the Instant Feedbacker are telling Psycho Mark to go for the hat trick today Hell yeah We're going for a third We can't tell you where yet, so a hat trick Psycho Mark hat trick Yo, what's up, Stabiel? All right, man, thanks, Bill But he's been on TRL, MTV That was for like 40 minutes I mean, over and over again we were on there He was on Channel 2 CBS Channel 2's 5 o'clock news Right behind Stephen Clark and Dana Tyler Until they tightened the shot It was like ear to ear, that's it Yeah, just... Just their lips Today the mooch I feel bad for the actors because we saw all the acne and everything They had to get in so close Tight shot It looked like that scene of the DJ and the Warriors Wake up! Mike, what's up? How you doing all day? All right I was just watching Total Request Live Yeah And that was hilarious, man I was just watching Whistle Channel 2 Yeah Oh, man, you guys rock Drinking some weed And drinking Jack Daniels All right, you guys rock, man All right, thank you, Mike You're welcome Bye Thanks I was just watching Total Request Live No, wait, that was a porno John, what's up? Hey, how you guys doing? Real good All right, I was down there behind Psycho Mark by MTV He was going nuts over there He was crazy He almost got hit by a bus and a truck and a cab Yo, he was running around like a crack or a crab He was all over the place Well, anyway, look, I think you guys are great And I just want to let you know My cousin Santos, he wants to go out there and become one of Psycho Mark's brawns there All right, yeah, we're encouraging you guys to take Psycho Mark's lead and do it anytime you see a live guy on the street All right Yeah, can I call in on Thursday? I want to talk to Rock I want to put him down a little bit Yeah, Rock will be in here Thursday All right, guys Sometime after 5, we found out today, so All right, cool All right, John, thank you Later All right, bye I'm going to tell you one thing, though, man Psycho Mark has let me see it It's good to be white Because you know, if he was a brother, his ass would have been in cuffs a long time ago Come on Well, for a more serious crime Okay I was going there, don't worry about it Liz, what's up? Yeah, what's up? You were the girl that wowed Mark while he was trying to do his job? Yes, I did Bravo Very nice to go He enjoyed that I figured he deserved it, you know He's been standing out there jumping like a little You know Liz, you got it dirty I'm going to go to the bathroom I'm going to go to the bathroom You know Liz, you got a dirty little mouth on you Yeah, I know Yeah I'm listening to you guys so much All right, well, thank you, Liz You're welcome All right, bye You can't curse Psycho Mark's on line 12 Mark Hey, what's happening, guys? What's going on? Oh, just hanging out here in the cold A lot of people want you to go for the hat trick today Well, yeah, we're in the next place Huh? We're in the... I'm going to find the next broadcast Yeah? Yeah Well, you know what would be really nice And I think Channel 2 would appreciate Some nice fresh cans behind their heads In the window during the broadcast Well, that would certainly perk things up, wouldn't it? Wouldn't that top the day? We're just getting this report that The Mike and the Mad Dog Show is live in the NBA store right now Get out of town Isn't that close to right where you are? Yeah, that's a nuclear bomb waiting to happen though What the hell's going on? Why is he interrupting the show? You gotta give him a lot of credit, but kill him! Hey Mark, are you going to do what we discussed or what? It depends Yeah? Yeah, I'm going to make my way over to my favorite spot And do my thing But I definitely still think we should get some chicks down here If there are any chicks in the area And I'm right down to 59th and 5th On the corner And come down and show their stuff With me and my nice lovely wild sign Alright Mark Well you call back soon as something's going on, okay? Yeah, I'll just stay out of here, people don't worry Alright man Psycho Mark, the Pied Piper of fun bags Unbelievable Craig, you're next, what's going on? Yo, what's up, Opie and Anthony, man? I just saw Psycho Mark on TV With the yellow and red wild sign, man He is crazy He is totally crazy I'm calling all my friends for all laughing and crap Cool Well thank you, Craig People love Psycho Mark on the TV Of course they do Jason, what's up? You guys should give Psycho Mark a spazzing salary also Really? Yes, he was on Channel 2 waving that sign back and forth going crazy Yeah, he was pretty much in every shot there on the news for the first 10 minutes In the last 5 minutes I was on the hold watching it, they had the wide angle I guess they know he left Yeah And Dog is dead by himself, so if you want to tell him that Alright, well thank you, Jason You guys rock Alright man Evan from Jersey, Dana Tyler wanted to whip him out so bad you could see it in her eyes Alright, we gotta take another quick break Stephen Lynch is waiting to come in here, so let's talk to him next And if anything pops with Psycho Mark, we'll definitely get him right back on the radio Late breaking We'll even break right into commercials if we have to, so stay right there I'm hoping Christopher Walken is gonna make the guy a big Hollywood star Stop by the show today Look, everybody has a Victoria's Secret My friends, they want to shop Buy underpants for them and theirs Look at Ziggy, 4 feet tall laying down Let the man buy crotchless panties, maybe nice flannel and some gold Look, your manager is uptight There's nothing you can do to stop us Look, we're a mass Hope and Anthony, 102.7, Talk Radio Forget it, why listen to music? You own the album What are you gonna listen to? Rock and Roll You own that record, put it on 127 Listen to The Homeless, it's a riot, baby It's a riot, en masse, a peaceful assemblage of people Smelly, white, black, but they all smell White, black, Puerto Rican, no Chinese, they can't care at all They take care of their own, they don't let them get homeless When's the last time you saw a Chinese homeless man? Never They invite them in with open arms, not like the whites and the blacks They say, don't come home You can go to Chinatown If you're Chinese, down on your luck, you can wash dishes, go to a cock fight You're never on the outs as a Chinaman, it's too bad Unless you have red hair Unless you have red hair If you're 300 pounds and have red hair, then they don't like you They're like a 300 pound redheaded Chinese man It's strange, really Go to Short Hills Mall, I command you No one will know No one will know Hope and Anthony, 102.7 Bravo Christopher Walken everywhere The Hope and Anthony Show Throw that jumping all over each other Okay, terrific 102.7, WNEW, it's the Hope and Anthony Show Pretty much screwing off once again today I can't stand right here Psycho Mark, we got you live on the radio I promise, I'm really interested in television careers and stuff like that Yeah, no, the banner's a brace A brace He's trying to get on the news more than time Hey, what's happening, what's your name? Alexia Alexia? Alexia Alexia, you're going to show up here, it looks like she wants to wow the... Oh no You want to wow the... would you be willing to wow her? She's laughing Is that a yes? Well, hopefully we can run up next to the window and you can flash your boobies real quick When I tell you to You guys got to be fast, we're going for the closing shot in seconds here, man In seconds Make it happen, Mark Make it happen Come on, Mark This would be the ultimate This would be the ultimate This would truly be the ultimate Come on, Mark What you got to do is you got to run right up there and you got to go sideways along all the windows So you got to do like a crab walk Yeah, sidestep the whole window And now it doesn't matter which way they look You're going to at least see some hooters No, you won't get arrested It's not a crime We got everyone listening around us, we've got literally like thousands of people sitting in their cars Just sort of just hanging out here Here we go Horse puncher, wait, wait, wait It's behind his ear Behind his ear you'll see it Hold on Over here Over there You got to get behind his ear Go, go, go God damn it Oh, you can't see me Damn it Oh, son of a rat How close were we to getting the well on TV? Pretty close They have such a tight shot, it's difficult But I think we can give it another go The guy in here is pretty lax, if you know what I mean You got one last shot, they're going to do a wide shot All right If you're looking at the back of his head, it would be to his right is a small opening Yeah We got to do it right by his head They always have it on They always end with a wide shot in If they don't end with a wide shot, that means we influenced their whole day Directing once again Right here in that small window That looks like a good spot Let's see All right, let's see what happens They're nuts, man We can allow on TV, that would be you Just going to try I'll cover you with security, all right? I'll cover you with security She's laughing, man She's laughing She's making such a noise Here comes the rape enforcement Oh, yeah See, everyone listens to our show, this is the problem They're listening to the show You know what? They have to broadcast here every day So if we don't get it today, which I'm pretty confident we will Look at how smooth you are, Mart Yeah, they're with public response We're standing about 15, 20 feet behind the glass Security's in front of us And we're looking right in the studio right now Okay You can just see everybody in there is absolutely like a thermometer The heads are about the top They're steaming The camera guy's right behind There he is Yeah, his ear, right there Go to his ear Go to his ear Go to his ear Right to the right of that post that's behind him Now it's behind her Behind her They just left He's not very... Hey, what is it? The last dance for us? Is that him? Come on, get the boob Get the boob It's over her left ear You got the wild side on God damn God, come on, man Oh, Jesus I'm gonna go, guys It's the end of the story Come with me, come on Oh, my God I think they're fleeing Yeah, let's go All right, Mark You all right? Yeah, no, we're cool But he could have called on his microphone And I got the... I gotta start running All right, Mark's running away It's a chance for me to go All right, Mark Dixie wowed me All right, I'm safe now You're safe? Yeah, but they're pretty mad We saw the wow sign Yeah, you know, the boob shot just... We're gonna need a ladder for this All right, you know, we'll get that to happen on another station We're gonna need a ladder with wheels, you know, so you can skate right in Well, let's see what's going on at 6 o'clock Very good There's gotta be someone doing a live shot somewhere at 6 If our listeners can help us out and tell us where the news crews are That would be greatly appreciated, all right? I'll stand by right here I have a feeling they're all setting up in Times Square, Mark All right, I'm gonna head back there anyhow All right, is that chick coming with you to wow? Yeah, why not? I'll bring him with me All right, cool If you get some wow-age on TV, you will be everyone's hero All right, call back, man All right All right, there he goes once again, Psycho Mark Anthony, live in the studio, Stephen Lynch Yes, he's been looking at the festivities Yeah, he's a lunatic You haven't met Mark yet? I don't think I've met Mark I think he went to the bachelor party, I think he was there Oh, all right, yeah He was pretty mellow back then, the psychopath Yeah, he was pretty funny I found him very shy and quiet Didn't have much to say This guy will do anything now We'll give him signs and stuff, doesn't matter No, it doesn't matter He'll do anything It's awesome Where can I get one of those? You said you were a home man, you were watching MTV and you saw the Wild Sars I saw a guy jumping up and down with a big Wild Sars Yeah, they went to a much wider shot now Yeah, well, they don't have to worry anymore Mark's gone, Stephen Clark looks pissed They know what's going on They're professionals So you're playing or what, man? Yeah, where are you playing? I got a couple shows coming up Tomorrow in Ocean Township at Rascals And then the next day at West Orange Rascals Right Should be some good stuff, a lot of good things going on Rascals Are you still doing the VH1? I haven't done it this year yet, the new year, no I'm kind of their utility guy, they call me in when somebody's sick Like somebody called in sick Right Call up that Lynch kid But I'm working on the new album It should be awesome Oh, really? Oh, God, it's so much fun Yeah, we're going to check out the studio today Hopefully it'll be available in other places than just PUSHED at aol.com You can always go to Amazon, that's where the franchise is Oh, okay I thought maybe you just had to go to PUSHED at aol.com You can if you like If you know how to spell Stephen Lynch, you just go to Amazon.com And you can order his CD Or you can email him personally, pushead at aol.com I'm going in for early March for the new one And I think it should be pretty good No problems with lawyers making you not able to put out your CD? No, I don't think so I think we're going out of the trunk route again Is that it? Yeah, Stephen just piles a bunch of CDs in the trunk of his car Opens it up and is like, yo man, what you need? I'm your mama, I'm your daddy Yeah, we're having a problem with our CD, Stephen Yeah, I'm waiting for it to come out It was ready to go, a double CD from Opie and Anthony And I don't know where we stand at this point It's going to be all real relevant stuff by the time it comes out Hey, how about that Ted offense? How about those gooks in Vietnam? You know, we got to get our boys home I think we have a Jimmy Carter bit on there Yeah, the upcoming moon landing is going to be there Yeah, yeah, Kennedy says we'll be going to the moon by the end of the decade I don't believe it Relevant stuff like that, the bastards Well, can't you take it back now and maybe throw some other stuff on there? Yeah, why not? That's exactly what we're going to do You got to put that walk-in imitation on there If it's not all the Chris for walking Can you put that on there? From J. Moore? Oh my God, Chris for walking Yeah, we could do that We have new bosses and they sent the CD to the lawyers again to see what could be done How long have the new bosses been here? A month And they still like us Yeah How about that? They actually like what we're doing Like, remember last time, the big controversy with you playing the song? My 22nd song, I had to wait four hours to play it Four hours to play it because it had to run through more clearance than somebody that's going to be a Secret Service agent And you played it, it was hysterically funny and not one bad thing in a song that couldn't be played over the air But that was the atmosphere I felt like Diana Ross at the airport before I could play my song Exactly You got full-body cavity search And that was the atmosphere that we were under here on the Opie and Anthony show for many months and it brought us down So all that's changed It's gone now The new bosses are better Wow, we can say that I seem to have lost my mind for a second I said the F word and I'm done I'm going to get my guitar I've got tons of new stuff to play What Ant wanted to say was F yes I'm going to say, man, they really are cool That's awesome They've been cool, we're waiting for that Friends in the FCC We're waiting for the day where we cross the line and they've got to bring us awkwardly into their office and sit us down and talk to us Because it's just like a month That's the longest we've gone without getting in trouble with the bosses Remember the old bosses when we first met them and everything Every time we ran into them in the halls Hey guys, how's it going? But then there's that first day it's like All right, meet in my office And it's like that's it, it's over The honeymoon's over And it was just like that for so long Even though, I mean, Scott Herman, we got along great with him But even he had to deal with a lot of the stuff And I think he didn't enjoy dealing with it You should see him now He comes in here with like Hawaiian shirts on with laser around his neck Sipping pina coladas with a straw hat on He's the happiest guy on the face of the earth Now that he has nothing to do with the Opie and Anthony show anymore He looks 10 years younger, Steve He's like, you know what? He looks at the new bosses that are coming in Like the seasoned soldier that's shipping out of country He's like shipping Adonam, he's on the Huey Bye, I did my time And they're shipping out He looks at the new recruits And he's like coming in Yeah, look at this, fresh meat You know I was a rookie once, kid Just looking 10 years on the force You change your attitude That's the atmosphere we were under Now though, we're getting a little more leeway Our new boss looks like he's 17 By the time we're done with it, he's going to look like he's 45 We like to take him out for beers Do any of the things you want to do or play anything you want to play? Within reason And we're still working on other things So like we can't play the dry dry dry vag song Still? Still But we're working on that one My favorite tune So isn't that a fave? My favorite tune That the world does not allow to hear that song Is a travesty Isn't it like locking up the Mona Lisa in a box somewhere So people can't view it? It truly is Dry dry dry We gotta get that Oh wait a minute, so you can say the title but you can't sing it? No, you can sing it like a dry dry dry So before my eyes It's like listening to Dr. Dre We gotta get that on the unofficial website Hell yeah Mark's in a car with a listener now Psycho Mark, what's up? I'm being apprehended I didn't say it You did say it, I didn't dump out you idiot I covered myself right at the very end So what's up? Nothing, I'm getting a ride right now from this gentleman, this guy named Joe Alright, he's got a gun to my head And I'm getting him a Hummer I'm gonna die I'm gonna die No, I'm cool And Galaxy is in a backseat and she's prepared to flash the goods And we're sort of like a little SWAT team right now We're having a while in the city Mark, listen Mess with any other TV station except for CBS Well, we gotta find another one If the listeners can find out who's broadcasting where Alright And that'd be a myth, that would be a lot of fun Cause we'll go there right now We're actually right outside the building Alright We're real close Alright, we'll call in if anything's happening alright? Alright, well let me know, call me back if any of the listeners find out We will do that We will do that I'm good to go anyhow just to see if we can find something Alright man, let's go to Allison Psycho Mark looking for a live shot to a... Wow He's going for a hat-trick He's got a girl though with him and she'll show boobs on live TV Has he ever tried to get right into the middle of the TRL thing? Oh, the big group of people? Where they go, I wanna hear the best people Yeah, nah, nah That's our first try He's a little too old for that probably, right? You know they got producers coming, you gotta go The best part was like He's trudging over a bunch of 14 year old girls to be a little module for this show The best part, Fertiprince Jr. is doing his thing and in the background there's a whole freaking mess going on Mark's like avoiding traffic He's almost getting hit by a car I thought the cop was gonna nail him He's probably a fan of the show Alright, Allison, you still on the line? Yeah What's going on? I'm gonna induct my boyfriend into the Tuesday night Hummer Club There you go Really? Yeah Just because of our show, you're gonna give him a Hummer? Well, yeah, every Tuesday Oh, very nice Yeah Where are you guys? By Clinton Clinton? Uh huh Clinton, Clinton, Clinton Who, the President? Who's gonna want one too? Forget him, he's disgusting You're in Clinton, that's... Alright Okay Well, what do you wanna do with this one, Ed? Right now? Yeah You wanna induct him? He could go for the old bite I don't know, maybe she could just hum a tune What? You wanna hum a tune while you're doing the deed? No Why not? I'm not that talented Yeah, you can No You just put it where it belongs and then just hum a song No? No Well, then we'll do that Come on, practice, put your thumb in your mouth and hum right now If you can do that, you can do it Absolutely See? There you go There you go, you're ready to go No? Will she take requests? No Alright, Allison, we'll have fun with you Yeah Thanks Alright Bye Obviously a lost cause Oh, we're supposed to give out OP Goes to South Central today Oh yeah, wait a minute, we got a bunch of those That was hysterical, we talked about this porno movie That's out, it's called OP Goes to South Central It's out there, it shows like this OP-looking guy, like a Ron Howard type looking guy He'll come and yell to Spads to run down the hall like a lunatic and get a copy He'll bring it in in 10 seconds And he's like in South Central, LA, with a bunch of the brothers next to him And he's just got this big smile on his face And it's a porno movie, I don't know what happens to OP in this movie You haven't watched the movie yet? No, we haven't seen it yet, but the company that made the movie after we talked about it Sent us a box of like 25 of these things To give to our listeners Are they all like white guys and black chicks? I don't know, it's like one white guy, this OP guy, and then a bunch of brothers I don't know what happens, maybe, I don't know It's a gay guy I don't know what happens I hope I'm going to introduce you to my friend Sonequa Maybe he gets some sisters I pray it's not an interracial gay porno I'm just going to stay in the line Don't let that thing between his legs bother you That would suck, but we got to get some clips off that for the radio Maybe we should have screened it before he gave it away Oh my God, OP has to be giving away gay interracial porno Hot black man ass from OP and Anthony This black guy's like railing his white guy It's a true prison film Would you give us over here? Here comes Faz with a copy of the tape Sean, what's going on? Yeah, what's up? You're on the air, let's go Hey, how you doing, man? Yeah, listen, I saw him back there behind the glass there for Channel 2 Now they're doing all the wide shots, this is unbelievable Yeah, now that he's gone Now they got the wide shots I can see like a freaking police car five blocks away with his lights on I know What a bunch of a-holes, man Anyway, I got three TVs on side by side here He's got all the networks I got two, four, and seven up So as soon as one of them says they're going live, I'll try to call back in, I'll let you know Yeah, we got to try to figure out where the other stations are broadcasted live from tonight Aw man, but you guys got a great show going, I've been laughing all day And that TVS thing was freaking hysterical Cool, thank you Alright, you guys have a good night, man I mean, that was nothing compared to the MTV thing But who's got the Opie goes to? Yeah, this isn't gay Alright, thank God Because Kira's in it and Dominique Simone Ah Yeah, look, he's got like a Spanish brawl in there And a black chick Look at like the brothers pointing at the Opie guy One guy's like, he got his fingers like a gun and looking like he's going to shoot him Because that's the real version of Opie goes to South Central There wouldn't be any chicks in the future Because the last thing you're going to take when you're going to take a wrong turn on the Hollywood freeway is a, you know, I almost said it Can someone get Spazz? Because no one's Spazz, he's going to give this porno to a 14 year old and we're going to get screwed Oh yeah, you better make sure Spazz, make sure they're 18, alright? Alright, very good I thought it was your episode of Andy Griffin Spazz, we'll give away two, alright? 10th and 11th quality gets a copy of Opie goes to South Central It's like some country rube guy, he's got his little suitcase from Nebraska or something And he's with the chicks, he's giving a thumbs up to the camera The hood ain't so bad after all We'll sign the box too Look at the cans on this black chick Jesus Christ We'll sign the box and we'll give you a Sign the box, Opie, she has a name Wow, she does have a nice set there 10th and 11th quality gets a copy of Opie goes to South Central, sorry about that Write it Write it on the keyboard That's good 2127571027, alright? Steven Lynch in the studio, where's the gig again, Steven? Tomorrow in Ocean Township at Rascals and the next day at Rascals in West Orange You brought some emails from our listeners? Yeah Alright I never get to respond to the fans, your fans and mine who email me And I thought maybe I'd just read a couple of these and then Alright, can we do it next? Yeah, that's great Let's, because you didn't bring your guitar, we can play one of the songs you've played on our show before Which one do you want to hear today? Your choice, we've played all of them so It's, I really What Steven Lynch song do you want to hear, Chuck? Okay, wait a minute Gerbil, Gerbil Gerbil? Yeah We haven't played Gerbil in a while I love that Alright, here we go More with Steven Lynch in just a bit, stay there This one is called Gerbil I bought a gerbil at the petting zoo If Richard Gere can do it, I can too I get undressed, I start to lube I sneak the gerbil in the end of the tube Wondering just how he'll feel Will he like it better than his little wheel? Careful now, he's right beside me One more inch and he's inside me Go, gerbil, go Burrow harder, burrow deeper Be my little chimney sweeper One thing I forgot about How am I supposed to get you out? So now my gerbil's on easy street It's warm and cozy and there's plenty to eat The situation is beyond my control Gotta find a way to get him out of his hole I try crowbars, I try wires I almost hurt him with a pair of pliers I try cheese but he's not fighting I wish this wasn't so exciting Go, gerbil, go Jesus, I am such a sucker Please get out, you furry I think I am getting ill Suddenly he's very, very still Now it's too late, my gerbil died I guess I have committed gerbicide Here's some advice, it's very clear cut If you love your gerbil, don't stick him up your butt Go stick him up your butt He's very gerbil in your booty hole Alright, the gerbil song. The only time you'll ever hear that on the radio. Hope you taped it. Opie, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass, you're obviously a stud. The Opie and Anthony Show. It makes me sick. 1027 WNEW 1027 WNEW, we're back with the Opie and Anthony Show in the studio. Steve Lynch, I don't have his dates in front of me so Steve Lynch has to do his own plugs. I apologize, but... Tomorrow night, Rascals in Ocean Township and Thursday night Rascals in West Orange. Very good. If you've never seen Steve Lynch, you gotta go. And then I'm going to take a little break for a while to record the album and do some college music. I'm calling it quits for the local shows for a few months while I write some new stuff. So you're saying this is your last chance to say, oh look, you like Celine. I will retire. I will be retiring from show business to spend some time with my family. And I'm going to remarry my longtime manager, Eric. Yes, I must have more gay experiences to write some more of those funny comedy songs. I'm going to have sex with dead people and animals and priests so I may have a new repertoire when I come back. Rascals, huh? Farewell show for us, Steve. My farewell show. I will wear my pants so tight you can see my camel toe. My big camel toe gash. You're gonna wear a jumpsuit like me? Like Celine? I love this thing. Is this it? My hip bones look like two giant icebergs that sunk the mighty ship Titanic, killing many aboard. But there were some that lived on. Those are the survivors. I was wanting to catchphrase. Hey, what's up, Mark? There's a guy with a crane truck right out in front of ABT. He's willing to hoist anything for the right price. Hoist anything for the right price? Yeah, like me on a string or something. What a string. He puts a wild sign on a piece of wood. So what do you have in mind? Well, Joe was negotiating to see what kind of price he was going to pay. He said he was going to try and give me 80 bucks. He said he was going to try and rig the wild sign so it would get lifted up in front of the window here at ABC. We've got to get ABC on so we know what the shot looks like. Yeah, let's get ABC on for the 6 o'clock news. You're going for the national exposure tonight? We're trying. We'll see. All right, it's on. These guys look like they're just about done with the crane work. So they'll be probably thirsty for some beers if we get them a couple 12 packs. Who knows? If you're outside ABC when they go live for the national news, I swear to God, I'll lie. I can get a harness. A harness? What, are you bungee jumping now? In reality, Mark, what are the odds? Me, right now? Yeah. Uh, I think I won. Uh-oh, you're breaking up. Am I breaking up? Yeah. All right. We're going to call you back. We're going to try and negotiate a little bit more here. All right. If you figure anything out, call right back. Yes, sir. All right. What's he hoisting up? The big wow sign that he was flashing on TRL. Isn't he hoisting up the girl who's going to actually have a wow sign? Yeah, exactly. There you go. Exactly. I mean, there's probably some kind of safety issue. Safety, safety, come on. Think of the press we've got. If a topless girl falls to her death in Times Square after Giuliani did such a good job of cleaning up Times Square, we dirty it up with naked dead chicks. Jesus. And don't you got to play for Steven because he hasn't been here in a while? What? The soul of nigga-chatting. Now we're still waiting for this. Yeah, we got the OP that goes to South Central Point, but we're looking for copies of the soul of nigga-Charlie. The 70s black exploitation film, the soul of nigga-Charlie, and of course that was the sequel to just nigga-Charlie, which was the first one. And we welcome both of those because we want to have a screening. It was such a big hit they had to make a sequel. Too many unanswered questions. I think I got a hold of a copy of one of the two. Where? He emailed me, says he's got a copy, and it's available for screening as long as he can come along and hang out. Hell yeah. Come on by with the soul of nigga-Charlie. So we just come talk about what day we want to do it and everything and he'll be set. A couple of tall boys, a cold 45, a bucket of chicken, we have a party. Oh, come on, why? Play the trailer for Steven Wedge, though. All right, here it is. Actual film trailer from the 70s soul of nigga-Charlie. I'm on the edge once. Black cowboys roam the plane. They couldn't read or write, but they sure could ride. And shoot and kill. They were men with souls. Men like nigga-Charlie. This one's amusing. Yeah. Soul of nigga-Charlie. This time Charlie's got an army behind him. A whole damn army. Black army. Filly hoes, green black brothers, outsmarting and out fighting the entire weapon. Nigga-Charlie's on the loose again. This time he's got his soul, brother. Soul. Watch out. You boy. Nigga-Charlie. Mr. Nigga-Charlie. Mr. Nigga-Charlie. I'm off to shoot for this. Fred Priamson and the soul of nigga-Charlie. In color, rated R, under 70, 90 minutes without parents. Nigga-Charlie back. You better watch out. Right down to McClendon triple. The king's signature, well, Thunderbird drive-in theater. Thunderbird drive-in theater. I remember reading Pauline Kael's review of that in the New York Times. Yes, yes. Four stars, I believe. Yes. I loved nigga-Charlie. What a feel-good film nigga-Charlie was. It took the palm door at Cannes this year. I like to use that as my outgoing answering machine message. Imagine how you're called. Hi, this is nigga-Charlie. Mr. Nigga-Charlie. It's me. Leave a message. Frank, what's up? Frank, real fast, what's up? I'm driving down on the cross island and I'm listening to you guys in Moth. I freaking end up getting off on the wrong exit. I drive myself and out of my way. You got lost listening to the show today, huh? I lost listening to the show. I end up in Lakeville. I don't know what the hell that is. Right on, man. I just want to say what's up everybody at St. James Fire Department. You guys are the best. Thank you. Bye. We're seeing if he's going for the hat trick. Have we looked at the shot of the anchors on this network? Actually, they go at 630, right? Do they? Yeah. Yeah, the national 630. What about the local? Kathleen, what's going on? Kathleen? Hello? Hello? I'm in Tokyo. I was trying to give Stiglantz a plug. She's going to go see you Thursday night. Oh, cool. And that would be at? Rascals. Rascals, very good. Storange. All right, you brought some email in, Stiglantz? What's this about? Yeah, just a couple of them. I just wanted to read a couple of them. They're really short. And our faithful listeners. Your fans and mine. Enjoy you and your music here on the Opie and Anthony show. Yeah, and it's just really cool. I get a lot of these, and I don't always get to answer them, so I figured I'd do it for the listeners today. Okay. From some dude named Dragfly. He says, you rock. That's pretty nice. That's cool. We like that. You're my kind of guy. Can you tell me where you'd be playing next? I have some friends that would appreciate your unusual look at life. How can I get some of your recordings? Love you on WNEW. Nice. I know that she's a fan of yours. Yeah, cool. Great. Heard you on the radio and you suck. I think that's one of your fans. I think that's a company. That means good. Yeah, that's good. Songs? Question mark, question mark. You suck. All right, maybe he's not so good. Uh-oh. You know you have no talent, so you make fun of the handicap. Uh-oh. Wait a minute. Steven Lynch gets his brain analyzed how the sick, deranged, sadistic, psycho bastard is permitted to walk free in this society is beyond me. How can you even think of booking him in public places? That was to my agent. Oh, really? Yeah. Just got done reviewing the lyrics from Kill a Crap. Just to see the expressions on your little faces, does it make you feel like a man to write such things? Well, I've been in the company of real men for a very long time, and now I think it is your turn. You're pretty desperate to have to make a living by promoting the infliction of pain on small animals. You're a knuckle-dragging example of de-evolution, and you got your reaction all wrong. You got your reaction all right. I wish I could be the one to stick dynamite up your ass. Wow. Light that fuse and do the world a favor. You need to be extinguished. I'm noticing a trend with a lot of these letters wanting to do certain things to your ass. I have taken the liberty of sending your name, email address, and web pages to my buddies in Attica and Rikers so they can come see you and check you out as well. So I can't tell them what they're doing. I just want to say thank you. You guys are great. I appreciate your support. You really couldn't be any more supportive than that. You know what amazes me? It seems like there were a couple of letters in there from prisoners and people that know prisoners. These are people that are in prison maybe for killing, rape, assault, and whatnot. Yeah, but that's human life, which is... Yeah. They're upset with a song. It's a kitten. A song about a kitten. Right, right, exactly. You didn't actually need to motivate yourself to write the song by stepping on a kitten, a kerosene, and then lighting him on fire, and sticking things up his butt. I mean, it was a song. Just the very notion. Very upset, right? Well, they have that right. And can we play another Stephen Lynch song here? Oh no, which one is this going to be? This just happened to be my favorite. This is called The Pope Sucks Me. It's a great one. I don't think it ought to cost too much of a stir. Were you looking through my notebook? Is that going to be on the new album? It's on the new album. It sucks me. And then you can read all the hate mail that came in for this song as well. I'm sure you have a stack of them there. Actually, those are the only good ones that I found. Well, the rest of them were actually kind of well written. Those aren't the fun ones. Obviously, from listeners... You want the ones that say, I'm going to F you in the ass. Obviously, they were written from the listeners of PLJ. The educated ones. I mean, you could sit here while we play this song, but I don't think you want to be sitting here while we play your next song. Uh-oh. Really? Yeah. I don't know what the next song is. I'm not telling you. Do you have to leave? Are you kicking me out? No. Do you guys really have to leave? Very curious now. You got a gun? Yeah, I'm curious too. It's a song you told us not to play anymore. Oh, that one? Oh, the one I didn't write and have nothing to do with you, me? Yeah, that one. Hey, where are you going? Hey, wait, wait, what's up? Hey, see you guys later. All right, have a good day. Play whatever you want. If you really have to leave, we'll wrap it up and then we'll end with the song so you didn't even know we played it. Played what? Right, exactly. Very good. Do you really have to leave though? Yeah, I got to get down to the studio. Ah, the studio. The studio. Look at you. Short visit from Stephen Lynch. Yeah, it was. Maybe you can make it down for a screening of the Soul of Nigga Jog. I will be there, man. All right, so you're playing Rascals tomorrow night. Yeah. Give those plugs one last time. All right, Rascals tomorrow in Ocean Township and Thursday in West Orange. West Orange, okay. And my manager's saying the website too, Stephen Lynch. Ah, yes, Stephen Lynch. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. If you guys are lucky, he'll play this one tomorrow night. It's the Special Olympics. I thought so. We're not allowed to play this anymore because he's trying to go legit or something. So he doesn't want anyone to know that he used to write songs like this. Too much controversy. Here we go. We'll be back. Listen to this. It's Stephen Lynch, everyone. Stephen Lynch says he has a nice song for us because he was listening to Corky Steinbrenner a little while ago. I like corn dog. Just reminded me of a song. All right. Special Olympics. It was a little something like this. Corky. And go. Watch them run. Watch them fall. Watch them try to catch a ball. Special Olympics. Oh boy. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them laugh. Watch them dr FDP. Watch them fall into the pool. Nice going. Special Olympics. And I know full well that I will burn in hell But those guys playing wheelchair basketball gotta be about the funniest reading thing I've ever seen in my life At the Special Olympics At the Special Olympics Take it quirky At the Special Olympics Oh, it's just a pity you can't sing in my wedding when I get mad Oh my god, don't Ho ho, that's right unemployment line, here we come OPM, we punish ignorance Hey ass, turn down your radio 1027 WNEW 1027 WNEW, it's the Opie and Anthony show Still lots of show to go, Anthony Oh yeah 212-757-1027 if you want in If you have anything for the program Bro We pulled this show out of our butts today, there's not much going on in the news, Ant Frankie, what's going on? Yeah, how you doing, man? How you doing? Good boy Thanks, Frankie I'm over here working, I work in the shoe store, man And I mean, I'm taking care of this guy, you know This old guy, he's about 50 something years old And this guy has one of them, one leg Now I'm cracking up so much, he made me take off one of the shoes Man, I pulled his whole leg out I was cracking up so much, man I laughed so hard that I moved back And I just pulled out his whole leg and the guy's just looking at me and cracking up And I'm over here embarrassed with his leg in my hand I have a feeling you work at a shoe store, right? Yeah Okay, a guy's there, he wants shoes, he's got a wooden leg, you're laughing so hard You fell backwards and pulled his leg off his body That's a first I'm serious, man, and the guy's still telling me Don't worry about it, it's okay, it happened before I'm like, I'm sure to God Oh, thank you, Frankie Alright, y'all guys suck Alright, bye Jesus Man, I'm so stressed we could be around Joe, what's going on? You guys, did anybody catch the real fortune last night? No Okay, well, they had on two Caucasians and the token African American MLK Day Now, they were, it was so blatantly obvious They were feeding this guy the letter, the African American, that is As dumb as a box of rocks The puzzle was the Hall of Fame inducted The Hall of Fame inducted Wayne Gretzky, okay? Yeah He gets every single letter except for the D in Gretzky And he couldn't get it, okay? You guys, he's got the $10,000 like bonus Oh my God I'm getting brother to break, man, it's hockey Yeah, that's true It goes to the white girl, she spins, and they put the brakes on the wheel Lose a turn, same thing with the next guy Put the brakes on the wheel You get back to this guy now, okay? He spins, it's like 300 bucks He looks over, he gets to go ahead He goes, I'd like to solve the puzzle, please The Hall of Fame inducted Wayne Gretzky Now, he's missing one letter Wayne Gretzky He uses his free spin and he guesses the letter He doesn't guess the letter, he looks aside, he gets the Z Come on, guys They gave it to him and he ended up winning like 20 grand on that one wall That's funny He doesn't know, that's the Obonix version of his name That's hockey though, man, that's like crazy Wayne Gretzky That's the correct name, is it? I wish I heard that, I saw that It was good, you guys suck Hey, thanks, Joe Bye Art has a Wooden Lake story Art, you're next on WNEW, what's up? How are you guys doing tonight? All right Excellent show as usual Hey, thanks Thank you, sir This Wooden Lake thing the guy just mentioned at the shoe store Reminds me of something that happened to me a long time Actually, it didn't happen to me, it was Years ago, I used to have a motorcycle repair shop And one of my better customers had the misfortune of losing a leg in an accident From the knee down and he was fitted with a prosthesis And after, you know, the normal period of healing and whatnot He decided to get his bike fixed And so he was riding again And again, he's riding down in Summit, New Jersey on Broad Street Which is like a really pristine, quiet community And this old ganker pulls out of a parking spot without checking And hits him So he falls off the bike and he really didn't get hurt But the prosthesis comes off So the old guy gets out of the car He looks down, he looks at the guy, are you okay? The guy says, yeah, I'm all right, I'm all right, don't worry about it And he looks over and he sees his leg laying there He says, well, if you're all right, whose leg is that? He says, don't worry, it's not my leg, it's not my leg And he says the guy started to get weak knees It looked like he was going to pass out He just didn't feel like it Oh my God Oh my God You know, I think he might have been deaf He might have been walking on the tracks Oh, oh, that's good Do you ever hear those stories of people that are deaf and they're walking on the tracks And like they never see it coming Like just you're looking at the horizon and the tracks going down And the train's like right behind you You just never saw it Poor guy Like the guy who was hit looking the wrong way down the track? Yeah, same thing Just didn't see it coming Not a clue I think Alan has more on the stupid guy from Wheel of Fortune Alan, what's up? Yeah, how you doing? How you doing? The idiot, oh, I'm going okay The guy, the idiot with Wayne Gretzky made it to the final round there To the bonus round And the word was library He had most of the letters but he could not get the word library Turned around to my wife and said, of course, he never been in one Oh my God Alan Thank you for ringing the bell John, you're next, what's up? What's up, brother, man? I just wanted to add something to that story about this guy on Wheel of Fortune, man On one of the rounds, one of the white girls, she says, oh, G up on the screen, right? So the letter is there, so the G is up on the screen So then they get to his turn And they go, okay, we need a letter and he's looking at the screen and he goes, G! He loses his turn because the letter is already up there Oh God, all right, guys, you suck, I suck, we all suck All right, buddy Dennis, what's up, buddy? What's up, guys? Listen, I got a friend of mine, he's hanging out talking on the cell phone All night He's walking away on the cell phone with these guys Not paying attention to what's going on, doesn't hear a train comes, takes off both his legs Are you serious? Serious Freaking trying to call across the street, doesn't see the other train, hits him, takes off both his arms Were you on the phone with Opie and Anthony? He's on the phone with these guys at RCN Okay Dennis Yeah You wanted to prank us by saying RCN? RCN What? Are you embarrassed? No, not at all Different station, different guy Dennis, how embarrassed are you right now that you tried to prank us and it just went horribly wrong? How could it go horribly wrong? You guys answered the phone Answered the phone and we allowed you to say it and you were able to say RCN on a radio show Yeah, different station Wow, that's great Huh? That's great, is there anything over there worth listening to? No, not at all All right Bye, Dennis Have a nice day, man All right I think we got pranked, Anthony I think so Oh, I feel bad Repeat RCN like five times RCN, RCN, RCN, RCN, RCN, RCN Yeah How can I help them? All the Opie and Anthony listeners are going to go run over to see what they're doing What are they playing, another Boston song? Maybe a little Twisted Sister this afternoon? They're rocking Mike, what's up? Yeah, they don't even play rock Aren't they like country or something? Oh my God They're like what, like classic hits? Like Neil Diamond and stuff? All right That was great Hey Mike, what's up? What's happening? You're on the air, what's up? Listen, how come I never see any African Americans on that Who Wants to Be a Millionaire show? I don't know It's tough, it's tough Also, I got a question as far as... Stop it, Mike Wait, you didn't have an answer to that? No, I figured you guys had an answer You know they're not going to give brothers that kind of money, man, come on Well, you know, it just dawned on me last night But also ABC as far as... You know that guy, you know a guy lost on that show because he couldn't finish this phrase? Duck, duck, blank? I hear that I swear to you, did you see that one? Everyone is at home screaming It's like a hundred dollar question, duck, duck, blank And they even have Goose is one of the answers Duck, duck, it's a drive-by I'm letting someone in and fire me, hold on, hold on, go ahead Bye, Mike We got time for that But they had like duck, duck, A, kitten, duck, duck, B, horse, C, goose, or D, whale Well, I'm kind of familiar with it, but I'm not sure Well, I really don't think it's kitten Horrendous You know, they always have to make up this excuse why they got the answer Well, you know, I was thinking about this and I have two to choose from I think duck or the goose I'm going to say because once when I was a kid I had a duck that it's going to be duck And that's a final answer And the other day... Now you've confused me, wait Ready for this one? The other day a guy had to use a lifeline for this question I swear to you Blue and yellow make the color... Oh my God And then they obviously had orange, purple, green Yes And whatever He had to pull the audience This is renamed that giving idiots money That should be the name of that show, I want to go on Amazing And you want to try another one like story? The first one went horribly wrong Yeah Joey, what's up? Who wants to be a millionaire? Come on, Gelman, you're a whore Come on, Gelman Bring up the next whore This is nigga Charlie I have actually this is the son of nigga Charlie All right, Joey, what's your wooden leg story? This wooden leg story is nigga Charlie smoking dope Oh, but it's wrong Do not take any more wooden leg stories Why there's so many good ones Mike, do you have a wooden leg story? I don't got a story, I think it's really disgusting what you guys are talking about These people are prosthetics I got a prosthetic and I think it's really disgusting You guys are making fun of all this What? What? Hey pal, listen, don't be like what me, all right? Have you made fun of one thing, old wooden leg? What do you got, a leg or an arm? What do you got? I got a knee, I got a plastic knee A plastic knee and the rest of your leg is fine? No, I got freaking about 12 pins in my leg What are you going to do, run after us? That's not a prosthetic, that's not a wooden leg I'll come down and bust you up That ain't a wooden leg, Gimpy You don't even qualify, you got a kneecap I don't qualify, you guys can't even handle spasms I'll come down and kick my wooden leg up your ass You got a kneecap, you lion sack You come down here and try to catch me I'll come down there, you little homo Yeah, try to catch me Kicking your plastic knee You're going to kick me in my plastic knee Don't stand too close to the oven, it'll melt I'm trying to stomp this bitch and kick up your ass Hey Mike, why a plastic knee? Too many years in front of the glory hole? Yeah, with your wife My wife, I'm not married, idiot Then your girlfriend, whatever Yeah, whatever, that's a good comeback, very good Listen man, squat, don't kneel, okay? Alright pal Later Alright pal I think he was just trying to get on the air I don't think he was quite as angry as he wanted to sound open Jackie? Yeah Hi I used to date a guy with a wooden leg How the hell is it the wooden leg? Yeah, I know, right? It's like amazing, you'd be surprised Was that the third one? It was the middle one Yeah, right? No, that one worked just fine But no, he was like a real bastard And he beat me up one night And he thought I actually deserved it So anyway Did he beat you with the leg? No, anyway God, how convenient Having a weapon right there on your leg I was quiet and listening Like a u-lock No, so You'll be quiet, I'll throw you in the fireplace, you bitch Just don't let the train hit you No, so he used to take it off like every night when he went to bed So what I was going to do was seduce him to a hotel and then steal his leg So that he didn't have it And I was going to say, that you're hopping mad now That you're hopping Or I have a leg up on you So he really was not a nice person Call Z100 with that story tomorrow, they would love to hear that That's insane Wax-a-nerrific What the hell's my horn? Yeah, he should be right now Are we done with the wooden leg stories, Anthony? I sure hope so Jim? Yes Hey, what's up? Hey, how you doing? Good What about things I need to know? Hey Dude, your phone's cracked out His phone's gone And what are people talking about? Wooden leg What is this? Little house on the prairie? What, are they made out of wood anymore? They whittle it out? Yeah, doggies, look at that Whittled your leg there Major bag Mr. Drysdale's going to like this I done whittled him a leg there Psycho Mark coming back in the studio Get him in here He brought friends He brought a couple of our listeners Marky, come on in here Psycho Mark Psycho Mark once again A stellar performance I think you qualify for an Emmy Award For so much time spent on television Hey, we're going for it I think you should I'm just curious if they're going to keep all the wow shots in the replay of TRL tonight We're going to have to watch On MTV Mark was all over MTV today I don't think they could edit it I don't think they could edit it out No way They'll cube it or something, I guarantee it We'll see I was in almost every single shot Like from the... Hell yeah Dude, we were on for 50 straight minutes as you were on TV Yeah, I see what you looked like You looked like a smurf A blue smurf with a wow sign A smurf with a wow sign Jumping around like a maniac Dude, that was hilarious It was rare That could have been funnier than the Letterman thing last week That was pretty good I mean, everyone was calling in going Tell the idiot not to get hit by a truck Because you can just see the truck's just missing you You're weaving in and out I'm just like... Yup Is that chicken a wow us or what, man? I don't know Is that the one that wowed you? We tried to wow the station there Except the camera angle was just... It wasn't right We need to put her on something higher And just sort of wheel her by the window Wheel her by Yeah, because you've got to go across the window Hey We can never... How you doing? She was listening on her way home from work Really? She said she wanted to help out the show No listening No listening No listening That's the only black guy in the studio It must be Earl You wouldn't be surprised how often I get asked that He's listening, I don't know Oh, you like the pictures? Yeah The way Earl hung them up? Did you hang them up or did you hang them up? I rehung them, yeah Yeah, I rehung them Earl hung them up And it took six hours and I hung them in five minutes So you ran into Psycho Mark out there? Yeah, I was dropping some stuff off over at FedEx for my job And I overheard him on the radio saying that he was over at 59 So I was like, let me take a little walk over there I thought it was going to be people but actually I was the only one So he was like, hey, you want to walk? I was like, sure All right Rock, you know how to find them, Mark Jesus Hey, you know, you got to do what you got to do, you know Sure, sure This is Gorilla Radio and it's best Yes, it is You had a stellar day We almost made it trifecta today I know, almost The hat trick, yeah, that would have been nice People are suggesting other things for you to do, so Oh, great, I couldn't imagine Oh, you're in active service now to us and I'm sure we'll come up with other things for you to do And you know you're going to do it Depends Depends You have never said no You've done everything we could This is quite insane All right, well, thank you, Psycho Mark You're welcome All right Good job, bravo You are the man? As we go to commercial, Airsick Productions sent in another CD today They got a song about the Cuban boy, Raph Boy as we like to call him on this radio show Oh, yeah, and here's a song called He Floats Good Check it out He floats good He floats good He floats good He floats good He floats good He floats good He floats good He floats good He floats good He floats good He floats good He floats good He floats good He floats good The Cuban ground Turn around We hope you won't drown Cuban on your way Real estate The spirit for the refugees Give them a hand Both of these just to open up a taco stand 20 Cuban flow on a wine bottle cork Guantanamo Bay is just a five minute walk Turn around We hope you won't drown Cuban refugees From Miami Bring us all your relatives, stay away Remember Ricky Ricardo, Babaluay Look at Mama Tita, she's as big as a boat She's got the motor of the land If you thought she'd float, turn around We hope you won't drown Cuban on your way Real estate The Cuban ground Down, down, Cuban ground Down, Cuban ground The Cuban ground Down, down, down, down, down, Cuban ground Down, down, down, down, down, Cuban ground Give it down, down, down, down, Cuban ground Down, down, down, down, down, Cuban ground Fran is 84 years old Rick, you cannot have oral sex with Fran, I'm sorry No anal is okay. Train recreation. The Opie and Anthony Show. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW and it's the Opie and Anthony Show. What a fine show we had once again today Anthony. Yes. A lot of people say we've had a lot of good shows lately and they think it's because your penis is free. Yes it is. Free at last, free at last. Thank God Almighty my penis is free at last. I'm serious they're saying I think the reason you guys are doing so well lately is because Anthony's penis is free. Ah, oh it can breathe. Oh breathe. Amazing what a free penis will do for you. Breathe penis. Here it is. Yes calm down, calm down. Oh easy, easy. Look at the scarce spazz, relax man. Oh yeah. Put that thing away until the show is over please. More like. Oh my goodness. You know we've done a lot of good stuff today but that could be the worst thing of the day right there. Nice use of the buttons there. Nice use of the buttons. Nice job. Anthony. What's up buddy? Oh I'm getting inducted to the Hummer Club right now as we speak. Hey. That huge spazz hung up on me. Well what's his name man? What? What's his name? Who's doing it to you? He almost answered too. He almost answered too. He got me there. Oh yeah. He got me. Hello people. Oh congratulations Anthony. Thank you. Alright man have fun. Alright. Hey can I tell my wife to induct me into the team? Did she pop out that kid yet John? Yeah man. Yeah. You're a father? I'm a father. Scary thought. Really? Don't do it. Don't do it. Wait, wait. I'm screwing up. I gotta give you the party line. Yes, it's the best thing that has ever happened to me. I am so happy. I want the kid before the wife. Swear to you. What is, how do you mean that? Hopefully that's how people will write. Yeah tell me about it man. Yeah man. Alright. And let me tell you something. I do have a price. So I don't care. Nah sex changes after you have a kid though man. It's the same. It's just a lot more lonely. I'm telling you right now. Sex changes after you have a kid. Nothing else seems this tight. Come on, it's a little childish. Let me tell you about life though. Honey, I am horny. I mean this is Tuesday night. Alright. You're gonna get some. Take care of Chuck. Ike, Ike what's up? I was watching WoW last night and there was like four signs for WoW. Yeah I saw a few WoW signs on there. And if you look far in the back, there's a big sign of you. I'm telling you right now. I'm telling you right now. I'm telling you right now. I'm telling you right now. I'm telling you right now. I'm telling you right now. I'm telling you right now. I'm telling you right now. I'm telling you right now. There's a big sign that says Open Anthony rules. Oh cool. There you go. When's The Rock gonna be on? We want more on Sunday night at the pay per view. The Rock will be here Thursday sometime after 5. We have been told. Alright man, thanks Rock. You guys suck. Alright man, thank you. We really should start playing What Did We Learn on the Open Anthony Show today. Alright. We love playing this game. 2127571027. A lot of things to choose from today, right? Yes. Make sure we cover all bases today. Amy, what's up? Hey, hello? Yeah, what's going on? Hey, this is proof that stupid people should be shut. Why? There's this bar in Jersey that you need to go to or check out on their website because they have live broadcast on Thursday, Friday and Saturday. And they have like local bands that come and they, you know, this one particular band on Saturday night just does Metallica. So we're there and everyone's rocking and mostly people who go to see Metallica, they're headbangers. They go to the... I turn around and my boyfriend is hysterical laughing. There's two people standing there, dirty dancing to Master of Puppets by Metallica. My boyfriend couldn't help but just to take them by the strokes and just threw them into the mosh pit and they didn't know what the hell to do with themselves. Oh, wow. You need to check it out. Thursday, Friday and Saturday is alive. Alright. Really cool. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. I was feeling a little gentle toward the end of the show. I think she deserved the train. Remember that when it was as innocent as a little ping pong game? Now it's instead of guts being splattered by a few high powered aerial weapons, aerial assaults. John, let's start it off. What did you learn on the show today? John? I learned that Mark has nine lives and he used about four of them today. He really... He had away a cause and ambulances and buses and everything else. He really did. And the beauty of what Mark did today with MTV, unless MTV pusses out, they rerun TRL. What time? Does anyone know? Someone find out before we go off the air. The exact time. It'll be on again. You'll be able to see Mark in the distance. You'll be able to look out the window and see this huge wow sign in the middle of the traffic. Yeah, I couldn't find them on the news. I couldn't keep track of what station you guys were on. You guys rock. Thank you, man. But the MTV thing, I mean, he's throughout the whole hour show. It's not like it was a quick little 10 second Mark thing. He was there pretty much every shot when they went to the studio. We'll find out when it's on before we get off the air. Joey, what's going on? What's up, fellas? All right. Unbelievable. You keep getting better and better each day. Thanks. We're trying. But to tell you the truth, I'm fishing in my pants of what happened at TRL, but I can't watch it until 9 o'clock. Yeah, well... I think it's either 8.30 or 9 o'clock and comes back on. Yeah, we'll find out the exact time before we get off, but thank you. You guys rock. I think the new bosses have unleashed the Opie and Anthony show. We're getting back to where we were, man. Yeah. I hope so. Before all the restraints were put on us. I tried getting in yesterday and requested to know what a night for Anthony to do with somebody. I couldn't get through. Can you give it to me tonight? No, we're just about done with the show, unfortunately. All right, no problem, guys. Take it easy. Yeah, the new bosses took off those masks from the Silence of the Lambs that we had away for like six months, muzzles. They finally got all that crap off our bodies. They used to wheel us in here on the hand truck. Do your breast-seats, then, I tell you. Tuck in your nipples, didn't it? What you guys don't know, for the last six months, we've been doing the show completely straight up. Yeah. On a board. Scrap to a board. We just let our mouthpiece go so we could talk. The dump button was actually connected to electrodes in our ass. So that really hurt when he had to dump out. All right, let's get back to what we did on the show today. Hold on, Rick. Tim, what's going on? What's going on, guys? All right. I learned today that unless you're Charles Bronson, you can't give a good hummer. There you go. Good job, guys. Very good. We don't like explaining what we learned, but we don't have to explain that one. Rick, when is TRL on? Let's see. Tonight at 8.30 is TRL wannabes. I'm not sure what that is, but TRL itself is at 9 p.m. All right. That's what Mark is definitely on. 9 o'clock MTV. Look, we're giving MTV a huge plug. I know. So if you're in the production room trying to cube out the wow signs, don't do it. We're going to have a lot of our listeners watching tonight, all right? All right. Let's go to Chris. Chris, you're next. What did you learn on the show today? Frogger lives on interactive radio. Very good, Chris. Absolutely. Have a good one. You suck. All right. Bill, you're next. What did you learn on the show today? How are you doing at the opening? All right. Yeah, learn that women shouldn't leave their clams out in the cold. That's true. Learn that today. You guys are the best. Make my days go by real quick. Hey, thank you. No one wants their clams freezing. No, not at all. John, you're next. What's going on? Yeah, I learned that the more I listen to you guys, the more I like you. You guys are pretty cool. And the more I listen to Mason in the morning, the more he sucks. That's it. All right. Thank you. Bye. She's still there. He speaks very highly of that guy. Are they still doing that morning show? I don't know. TJ. Yeah, today I learned. No, I'm serious. I really don't know. I know. They are? Oh, my God. You think I'm kidding, Chuck? Oh, no. That's why I'm laughing because I'm looking at your face. I'm looking at your face. I'm looking at your face. I'm looking at your face. I get up around 9. I catch a 10, 15 train. I don't know. I really don't know what they're doing at that. You know, during the morning show here. Yeah. I have no clue. I swear. If you had more time in the morning, would you tune over? Oh, no. TJ. Hey, guys. Today I learned that Psycho Mark should be paid by the station without a doubt. He's already paid him. Oh, yeah. Yeah. He's already paid him. Yeah. He's already paid him. I'm not kidding. You can't believe it. I'm not kidding. I'm not kidding. Yeah. And guys, I'm going to rumble. I have a shirt that says, the rock plays a rusty trombone. Oh, cool. Nice. You guys are rocking. All right, man. Bye. Bye. Steve, you're next. What did you learn on the show today? How you doing, guys? I learned two things. Yeah. Black people shouldn't play the Wheel of Fortune. And they shouldn't hang up pictures. Have a good night. All right. I think we're going to rerun in the 2 o'clock hour tomorrow. We heard the whole Earl getting really pissed because we abused him for his picture. For his picture hanging that took two and a half days. If you didn't hear it the other day, make sure you're listening at 2 o'clock tomorrow or soon after that. It is tough being a brother, man. How are you? Adam. Yeah, what's up, OB? All right. What did you learn on the show today? Today I learned that if Psycho Mark had wooden legs, he probably would have gotten killed by a truck. Yeah. I've been having to move as fast. I know how many listeners call and then go, oh my God, I'm scared. He's going to get run over. Yeah, man. I can believe it, man. I can't believe it, though. All right, man. You guys suck. Take it easy. Thank you. A lot of good ones today, Anthony. Steve, you're next. What did you learn on the show today? Hey, what's up, fellas? What's going on? All right. I learned that in order to truly enjoy your show, I got to convince my boss to install a TV in my work truck. You guys are killing me, man. Very good, man. You guys are killing me. All right. Take it easy. If you go home tonight, you'll be able to see some of Psycho Mark. I just pulled into my driveway. Thanks a lot. I think at 9 o'clock, TRL, MTV, you'll see some of the Psycho Mark guys. All right. Take it easy. Thank you. All right. Bye-bye. Bye. There's so many others here. Tom, what's going on? How are you doing? I'm still laughing about that. CBS hit fam from yesterday. Yeah, that was a lot of fun. Yeah. Well, that's what we learned from him. Okay. Only a couple more here. We got a couple more. We got a couple more. We got a couple more. We got a couple more. We got a couple more. We got a couple more. We got a couple more. We got a couple more. We got a couple more. We got a couple more. We got a couple more. We got a couple more. We got a couple more. And then, you know, we gotta add some more. All right, WordPress, so we got a couple more here. We gotta step aside, Mike. You're next. Would you learn on the show today? All right. What's up, guys? alright, and I learned that the show is not just for radio anymore. I learned that Anthony could be a good sidekick for Dr. people whenever you see a live broadcast happening live broadcast i mean thank you all takes a while signed a report the street you know they're live just pop on the last time we call marks kids march and mark spawning barney other psycho marks tam what's up what you learn on the show today well department bao Alright, thank you. Alright. Bye. Hey Bill, what did you learn on the show today? I learned LNA ain't afraid to say RCN on the radio. Of course. These people are listening today, man. Very good. You can even say Baba Booey as many times as you want. We don't care. What is that actually going to do? Exactly. I have no idea. What channel is RCN? Honestly, we're from Long Island and I couldn't even tell you. Wait, let me think. I thought they were internet. I'll give them a free plug if I can remember their... I don't even know. It's not even worth it. Forget it. Thank you, Bill. Alright. Alright, man. Let's end with Jason, it looks like. Jason, what did you learn on the show today? I learned that instead of being bored by the news, I can now watch and laugh along with you guys. See? News has never been as fun as when you watch it with Hopi and Anthony. I just want to let you guys know too, I know you don't really watch WWF anymore, but you might suspect some more nudity with the Miss Royal Rumble coming up. Yeah, that's what I'm hearing. I watched the little man of the show last night. I'm not going to lie, I watched the little last night. I've got to get prepared for the Rockets coming at Thursday sometime after 5. I'm just saying that we saw one pair of cams at Armageddon, we've got to see at least two in the Royal Rumble. Alright, man. Alright. Thank you. Alright. Oh, yeah, that hell of a show today. Hey, Craig. Hey. What's up? You guys finally earned the right. No more you suck sign-offs. It's got to be syndication now. Syndication now. Syndication now. Syndication now. Syndication now. Syndication now. Syndication now. Syndication now. Syndication now. You earned it. Thank you, buddy. You're on the king of media. You boys are in control, you've been syndicated, I'm killing that man. You boys don't know you're in CBC doing all kinds of hijinks. Once again, we're messing with CBS TV. How stupid are we? Alright. Alright, media. Thank you, Craig. Alright. Well, the syndication has slowly started. They're playing stuff from us back in Boston there. Yeah. I was reading some emails and stuff and there were people on the phone lines talking about Boston. Alright. Very happy to have our voices back up there, Opie. There you go. You're already multimedia. You might as well go syndication. We are multimedia. You're multimedia, man. The only multimedia radio station in New York. You know, there are days that you need the radio, the computer and the TV. And the television just to listen. Just to listen to this radio. To be involved with the show. Alright, Chuck. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. I'm very involved with the show. So, alright, Chuck. Thanks for stopping by. My pleasure, guys. Opie, congratulations on finding Jesus. Getting your eyesight back. That was great. I think that's helping the show too. You can actually see Anthony's penis now being free. So that's kind of cool. Oh, yeah. And we should give Chuck a plug. He's trying out for the Radio Chick Show. What day? Friday, man. I'll be here sometime after 11. And Friday night I'll be at Gotham Comedy Club. Alright. Around 6.30. Thanks. Thank you, Chuck. And we'll see you guys soon. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Thanks, Chuck. And we'll see you guys tomorrow too. Opie, what is it going to take for us to piss you off to the point where you're going to change the station? That's what I need to know. Shove it, Anthony. Boy, it sure is easy to be a fag on this show, isn't it? That's going to be trouble for you, Opie and Anthony. We've just received a Ph.D. in stupidity. 1027 WNEW.