 You little freak. I find you who post it. I'll be an Anthony. It's like it's kind of like a car wreck on the highway. You're gonna have to see what the hell these idiots are doing next. We refuse to be responsible. We refuse to be responsible. One, two, seven. It is Opie and Anthony. Hello, how are you guys? Thanks for joining us. We don't have a boss right now. What do we officially? I don't know. You know, all I can say is within the last, we've been here what, a year and a half? Yeah. And I officially have seniority over everyone in this place. Hey, that's right. Look at that. Oh, no, which means we're the next to go. Wow, we have seniority? That was quick. We've been here longer than every single person now. Oh my God. It's like the frigging Gambino family in this place. I swear to God. I mean, any W was the station where guys like die. You know, they stay here until they die. Till they drop. Their careers were what, like 40 years long? Yeah. Ah, yeah. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Your services are no longer needed here. Take the cannolis. Leave the gun. Paulie, you won't be seeing him no more. Well, well, well, well. Yeah, this was the place where people died. And within a year and a half, we are now top dogs. We've been here longer than anyone else. How about that? How'd that happen? So are they speculating anywhere? What do you mean? The media? Anything? Can we talk about this? Are we allowed? I don't know what we can talk about anymore. Call upstairs. Let's ask her whole box. Get them on the phone. Get them on the phone, for God's sake. We're actually really sad today because the guy who brought us to New York, a guy, believe it or not, we got along with tragically died in a car accident. No, no, no, no. Oh, that old guy. He's doing all right. But he will no longer be our boss. Yeah. So we're kind of sad today, to be honest with you. I do feel kind of bad. All kidding aside, because he was the guy who hired us. Boy, all the authority figures just dropping like flies around here. What happened to Roger? I don't know. It's pretty pathetic. People used to come here and like their careers would end when they would die, basically. Yeah. They want to leave this place until they drop dead like a time capsule. 30, 40 year careers at this place. After a year and a half, just to show you the turmoil we've been through, we've been here longer than just about everyone now. Opie, Anthony, you two are the survivors. Oh, man. Wait a minute. We can do a whole play of this. Hold on, man. We got to do this right. Where is my music? Hold on, it's late. Oh, wait. I think my CD is stuck in my big camel toe. Hold on, it's late. Spaz Johnson almost runs over. Almost runs him over. Look at this. Where is my flute? Spaz's brain was not one of these survivors. Freaking idiot. Like, he panics. He's got to find the Titanic CD, right? And there's that whole shopping cart filled with all our bits and CDs. Look how messy it is. So he pulls the two CDs off the top so he can start shuffling through to look for them. There it is. It was the one he threw to the side. Spaz's brain was damaged more than the mighty Titanic on her maiden voyage. It is as if a giant iceberg struck his head and dented his brain. Is this it? Well, I thought we'd do a different version, though. Oh, no. You got to have the real Celine song when everyone knows. All right, Celine, you're going to dedicate this to Opie and Anthony for outlasting everyone around here? This song goes out to those that sailed on that ship, that plague-ridden ship that was WNEW. You all know the people that did not make it. The Pat St. John's, the Scottsos, and the Carol Millers. All of them that perished in the wreck that was WNEW. Many have passed through her, but there have not been many that still remain. Except for two. Two that cling on like cockroaches. They cannot be killed by ordinary means. They outlasted people that we thought would be there forever. The ill-fated station that was WNEW and those that live on within her walls. Opie and Anthony. The only two survivors. This goes out to you two, brave or stupid individuals, that remain at your mics, at your posts, broadcasting to those who want to listen. Those that used to be here, the Dave Hermans, they are gone. Remember the Gary Walls. Wasn't he at the helm when the ship struck the iceberg? I believe he was. And now, the latest victim, Scott Herman. The lovable curmudgeon. Can he be considered a curmudgeon? We will miss him, but we must go on. Remember Roger, the promotion guy? Remember his promotion ship hit a giant pop-cart and sank on his first day at sea, here at WNEW. He is gone. Steven Sewell are gone. Oh wait, no, not yet. You cannot consider them survivors. They've gone under and we no longer see bubbles coming up. Celine, that's a common attraction. But two brave souls move on, clinging to the wreckage. Opie and Anthony are truly survivors. Life! Steven Sewell have been under the murky waters of the North Atlantic for months now. They're turning blue. Remember Marty, Dennis Elsens and Pete Fornatelle? And look, look at the lunatic who's locked himself into the engine room. Vince Skelton. We'll get him too. Jim Moynihan. Those that have perished. Richard Neer. Remember? All of them gone. Dano. Remember Dano? Gone. But two, two live on in the tattered hulk of a station that was NWN and is now FM Talk at 1027. It chugs on. They keep their heads above waters to remain survivors. Remember Ken Dashow and Ralph Tatora? Oh my God, were there a thousand people on this ship, though? These are all guys that were here while we were here. There weren't enough lifeboats to sustain life. Let's not forget all the records. The largest rock and roll library. Remember Lisa Garvey? Oh my God. Gone. Don't forget Joe Taggart. Joe Taggart. We can keep going. For one week, he was on the decks of this mighty ship. Boy, that was one of Gary Wall. I think Gary Wall threw him overboard. And then he was at the helm. Remember Gary at the helm? Oh my God. The mighty ship hit many icebergs. And these two ass wipes remain on her decks. Bye bye Scott Herman. We will miss you. Opie and Anthony, the two survivors. I can't even believe these were on. Opie, he's a disgusting little man. And Anthony. What a douchebag. Train wreck radio. Stand over. This is sicker than faces of death. 1827, WNEW. You didn't really think we got fired today, did you? Come on. Did you? Of course not. They know which side of the bread their butters buttered on. What? It's the Opie and Anthony Show. We are here. We are live. It's Thursday, January 13, 2000. Hey. A lot of people thought we got fired and that's why it took so long to get on the radio today, Anthony. No, no, no. No, no, no. A little very important things we were up to. I was watching Hillary, the videotape of Hillary on Letterman, that non-event. Yeah. And then, how to play some Half Life. About it, right? I think that's it. Very important. We're taking our time getting in the studio today and also in the phone rings at my desk. Yeah. And I pick it up and the guy goes, hey, where's Opie and Anthony today? I'm like, well, we're right here. I'm talking to you and Ant's playing Half Life. Aren't you guys supposed to be on the air right now? Oh, yeah. Well, yeah. And right after I stopped talking to you, I'm going to walk down the hall and we'll start our show. Oh, all right, man. I thought you got fired after yesterday's show. That was just... You know that was the best show you guys have ever done, don't you? Yeah, they like that one, huh? And so far, everyone's keeping quiet about the little CBS thing, Anthony. Yeah, so far. I check my messages on my cell phone, God, about five times this morning. I was totally expecting you to be going, Anthony, got to come in early. We got a meeting. No, I stayed away from phones since yesterday's show. I didn't want to get that call. Yeah. You know, the call. The call. We've had the call in the past. And to everyone listening from the New York Radio Message Board, go F yourselves. Oh, again. They're trying to tell us how to do our show. Won't they ever learn? Yeah, I know. It's just a matter of time before they get fired, just like they did in Boston. You can't screw with your own company. We didn't go out of our way to screw with our own company yesterday. It just happened to be the only TV station that we could mess with. Doing some fun radio. Down at the Letterman's studio. That's it. They don't get it. They'd rather, you know, what are we supposed to do? Get on and pull a Penn Darvish for five hours? Do some rock blacks? Talk about some giveaways. You know, I mean, Jesus Christ. We have to shake it up a little bit. And then whenever we do, they get on and go, see, they're out of control. Well, yeah, we're out of control. We want to be out of control. They're like, they just want us to calm down. Yeah. No one's going to listen to us if we calm down. No. Personal message to Alan Sniffin who runs the New York Radio Message Board. Type this, Opie and Anthony don't give a F. Right. And it's the internet where you can type in all the letters to the F. Right. That sums up our radio show. Figure it out. We don't care. Yeah, we just made a verbal posting. We were on top of the world in Boston when we got fired. We don't care. We know what we're doing. We're taking chances. We're mixing things up. We're getting people to talk about this radio show. And what happens happens. If we get fired again, oh well. Oh well. Off to another metropolitan area. But trust me, we're not that stupid. We know what we're doing. This is how we do radio. We take it to the limit. Have a little fun. My God. No one else in this town is brave enough to take it to the limit. So we're going to do it. And if it means getting fired again, oh well, Alan. Go drill some teeth. Go drill some teeth is right. Now they're all writing. I mean, they should change the New York Radio Message Board to the Opie and Anthony Board. I wonder if he's ever come upon a situation where like there was a maybe he should have done a root canal, but he figured he's going to just go crazy and fill the tooth instead of having a root canal done. Just I'll fill it and I'll see what happens because I'm a mad man. Right. I wonder if people criticize him. Dude, you're out of control. You're going to you're like a crazy person with that filling. You're like a crazy person with that filling. You're going to you're like a crazy person with that filling. Yeah. You know, you should have done a root canal. Mr. Denton, you made a big statement today. Opie and Anthony will get fired from New York just like they did in Boston. Will these two ever learn? If you if we get fired. Oh, well, I'm going to go to dental school so I could run a radio message and still be in the business. Oh, God. Well, the phones are going nuts, obviously. Yeah. I saw CBS television exec in the W.A.W. building. Oh, everyone talking about yesterday's little thing. We got we got a great little promo about yesterday's show that Jimmy from the production department and Psycho Mark actually helped out. Yes. They put that together. So I guess we got to take a quick break, Anthony. Quickly before we go to break. You ever you ever drive your piece of crap car and maybe it breaks down and someone lends you a really good car and you drive it around and you never want to go back to your piece of crap again? What do you get that? I left my laptop at home. Right. Oh, my God. Scott Colombo just hooked me up with this one. This is the dream come true. Look at this. Look at this thing. Adele. Oh, my God. Look at the size of it. Wow. Look at that. Oh, look at you styling today, Anthony. That's not now. I got to go back to my piece of crap tomorrow. I might have to make off with this thing. All right. So we have lots to do. Let's take a quick break. Well, we're going to play the Psycho Mark CBS montage thing we put together and we're going to go to the phones next. Everyone on hold. Stay right where you are. And if you want to give us a call to one to seven five seven one oh two seven. Oh, be an Anthony. How often do you get to listen to somebody's cell phone? Somebody's uterus. More stupidity on the way. One oh two seven. W.N.E.W. And if you got something for the show to one to seven five seven one oh two seven, it's the opening. Anthony show. Hey, a lot of people patiently waiting on hold to talk to us. And yes, look at that. Let's start with Mike. Mike, what's going on, man? Hey, what's going on? Mike, what's going on? Mike, what's going on? Mike, what's going on? Mike, what's going on? Mike, what's going on? Mike, what's going on? Hey, what's going on? All right. You guys had me sweating when I heard that Celine Dion survivor thing played again. I thought you guys didn't survive. Yesterday was some of the best radio I ever heard. Survivor. Survivor. We are truly still survivors. So far, we're survivors. I almost pissed my pants for a half an hour yesterday. We appreciate it. That's all anyone's talking about around here today. I want to know what you guys are going to do today to top it though. See, that's the problem with the opening, Anthony show. Now we'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. We'll go to the next one. I don't think you guys will suck. You guys are going to rock on, man. Alright, bro. Hey, I got a question for you. Is that a train? Yeah, there you go. No, you're doing alright. I have a good one. Alright, Mike. Hey, Nick, what's up? Hey, how you doing? Alright. I like your show. Hey, thank you. Listen, you guys need a theme song for your show. Oh, yeah? I just bought you a show and I have the perfect one. What is it? It's a Rolling Stones, the name of the song is Out of Control. Out of Control? If you listen to the lyrics, it has reference to the homeless, homeless people who are in the show. Alright. We know the song. Thank you, bro. Okay. Alright, man. Bye. You were treading on dangerous ground there. I saw you reaching for the button, Anthony. Yes. Miles, you're next on the Opion A show. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. I'm going to be the one to get you. show is that it's so damn unpredictable. You never know what you're going to hear from day to day. I got to admit the Delta Airlines commercial you guys do was very funny and the nigga trolley spoof you guys did earlier in the week was hilarious. That wasn't even a spoof. That was a real deal. Any chance of getting the Delta Airlines commercial on today? We'll do it sometime this hour. I just got to find it or I would do it right now. All right. Thanks a lot, guys. I hope you guys live long and prosper. Thank you, Jack. All right. Bye. Let's find the Delta Homi commercial. Ben knows where it is, Ben. John, what's up? Hey, what's going on, guys? All right. Listen, the biggest problem with what you guys did yesterday is how do you top that, which is what the other caller said earlier. Yeah. But you got to keep crossing the line just like Anthony did with that bid on his mom which got him in trouble with his dad's style. I didn't think you guys were going to be able to cross the line after that one. You keep finding new ways. Well, I think Mark's going to attack the NBA, the NBC Today Show next. Hey. We've been trying to do something with the Today Show for over a year and a half and I think we finally got our secret weapon in place and ready to go on that one. Like you guys said, don't worry about your bosses. Worry about us. Keep going, guys. Do a good job. Take it easy. All right. Thank you, John. All right. Bye. Matt, you're next on WNEW. What's up? Hey, what's up, guys? All right. The TV show was awesome, man. But let me ask you guys a question. When I watched the replay at 10 o'clock last night on Channel 2, they didn't show it, right? Of course they're not going to show that. Why not? Because what it was was a live stand-up shot for the 5 o'clock news. Oh, so when they showed the replay, they must have edited it out then. Of course. Oh, OK. That was an embarrassment for the TV station. They're not going to replay that replay. You guys suck. All right, man. Thank you. Peter, you're next. What's going on? Peter? Yeah, hey. What's up, guys? All right. I was watching Channel 4 last night. It was like the 11 o'clock thing. And they're just showing a short clip of Hillary getting out of the car. Yeah. And you can hear Psycho Mark in the background on the bullhorn. You couldn't have exactly... Oh, look at you, Kirsten. You heard Psycho Mark at NBC and it was effing funny. OK. Well, thank you. Thanks, guys. You guys rule. Actually, because I guess Psycho Mark was closer to Hillary than we all realized. And when she got out of the limo for the Letterman show last night, Mark with the bullhorn yells, Hillary, show us your fun bags. Show us your fun bags. So that sound bite was on every freaking station that was covering the Hillary arrival to Letterman studio yesterday. Yeah. So last night when we were watching it again on the news inside, they always have a voice over over her walking in. They didn't show the actual sound. They didn't play the actual sound of her walking into the studio. Psycho Mark in the studio. What's up, bro? I didn't even use the bullhorn for that one. It was just me standing across the street shrieking my lungs out. You've got on every TV station with that sound clip. So that's what I intended to do. Very good. Low on A for everybody. Today's show, Max, bro. Today's show. Oh, without a dime. Yeah. We can't tell them when we're going to hit, but we're going to hit soon, right? I'm going to bring some sushi. All right, cool. Sushi for Al Roker. That's like such an obscure reference. No one even got it, man. That's right. Dime hard, man. All right. Psycho Mark. He's walking around today like he's a hero, though. He is. He's smiling. He's all happy with himself. He is a hero. All right. We found the Delta homie commercial that that other caller was talking about. Yeah. We'll play real fast and we'll go right back to the phone, so stay there. Y'all be going on vacation? See, the thing is, if you're about to be up off this bitch, check it. Peep Delta. We be flying all over this bitch. Let me ask you something. You finned to raise up and get your travel on? From the interior to the exterior, you've got to get your posterior in one of these big ass planes. Shit dog. You lay in the cut straight sitting on your ass and getting your drink on and your snack on while we floss and fly this mofo all over this bitch. East coast, west coast, it don't matter. Nia will get you to your hoe and back lickety splits. No shit. Then you'll be back at your crib chilling with a flat spliff thinking we were some crazy ass angel. Hell, these fat round thick ass vessels run up in the sky so deep it beat crying. Yeah, you thought it was rain. So bring a towel because if Delta gets laid out like that, call one of these fly ass Delta coochies and they call them punk ass coworkers of yours. Catch the vapors as you be off and up out. You go, we fly you there. You bid, we done all. We done already flew up in there. We got you covered like a Jimmy hat. And Delta, we loves us some flying and it be shown like a mother fucker. We haven't played that in a while. Very good. Let's go back to the phones. Pete, you're next on WNEW. What's up? Hey fellas, how you guys doing? Good. What's up, man? First off, I was in the crowd yesterday when your boy Mark had that sign up, man. I was rolling. Oh, cool. I was about 15 feet away from the guy. I couldn't keep myself. You know, I couldn't keep myself in the crowd. I was like, I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. I'm going to go to the gym. Yeah. Second off, you guys are talking about that video about the guy in the bleachers. Yeah, that's been around a while. It's a total scam. I don't think so. The guy waves like a fraternity skid. He waves to the camera at the end of it. Well, that's fine. Why? It's still. It wasn't like he was busted. He did it on purpose. It was a total. Pete, it doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. Pete, it doesn't matter. It's cool. There's a girl getting pounded at a baseball game. It's cool as hell. I just wanted to go on record and make it to the. Maybe the girl had no clue. We knew the whole time. It doesn't matter. It's still. She had no clue. It's pretty cool to see a couple having sex at a baseball game. She better believe it. I don't think it was during the game. I think it was totally at night and there was like a bunch of frat boys just taking care of business. I don't know. It's a nice clip. All right. Listen, you guys are all right. All right. Thank you. Later. Listen, Bobby. Hey, how are you doing? Good. How are you? Yeah. I was in the crowd too yesterday and I was laughing my ass off. That was the funniest bit. Oh, cool. I was hoping to see you when I got home, but I didn't. A friend of mine told me about me. He saw me in the crowd. Oh, really? And I kind of snuck around when Kramer talked to Mark. Yeah. You could have fried eggs off the top of her head. She was so pissed. We have a little clip of her getting pissed off. Oh, and she went around to her crew and I kind of inched around and tried to listen. I couldn't, but she was mad. She was telling me if they come back, get the cops. She was mad. The cops wouldn't be able to do anything? Yeah, I understand, but she was so mad at him. She said, give me a clear area. I don't want to be near those guys. Right. I got to do this again, but you guys rock. It was the best scene I've seen in a long time. I'm doing my newscast. It was funny. Believe me. We were there. It was funny. Thank you, Bobby. Take care, guys. All right. We're going to talk about a couple of things today. Of course. Lots of new things to talk about today, but this is what's on everyone's mind right now. Bill, what's up? What's going on, Opie and Anthony? All right. I am a new listener now. That was the funniest damn thing I've ever heard in my freaking life. I liked it. All right? And that convinced you to start listening to the studio show? Oh, why? Why? You guys are the best. The best at Howard is crap. You are in Howard is crap. No, no, no, no. What, man? We're trying to get a truce going with Howard right now. All right, all right, man. Well, let me just tell you. They sat me down and talked to me about that today. You are the best damn thing in the world, all right? I gotta go, all right? Thank you. Eddie! Yeah? What's up, buddy? What's up, guys? Yo, I started listening to your show like a week ago. Yeah. I just wanted to say yesterday was the most hilarious thing I ever heard. Thanks. Anybody? We had a show before us a week ago. Huh? What were you listening to? Before you started listening to us a week ago? It was like Hot 97 and all of that garbage. I used to listen to Howard like a couple of times, but he's like garbage compared to you too. You guys kick ass, dude. All right, Eddie. Thank you. All right. Yo, how do I get on that website? Foundrymusic.com. That's with the guy in the Sex and the Ballpark? Yeah, yeah. There's a bunch of good stuff on there. Foundrymusic.com? Yep. All right. Thanks a lot, guys. All right, man. Later. Which is going to reach a million hits sometime tomorrow, Anthony. A million hits. A million hits for an underground website for the radio show in less than seven months. That's pretty amazing. Jamie! Yo, congratulations on that million hits, man. Yeah. Yo, guys, man, last night I'm driving, right? I'm on the bus. Oh my God. These people thought I was mental. I'm telling you, I got the earplug in my ear and I'm laughing my ass off. People's eyes are wide open. What the hell is he going to do? What is this guy laughing at? They're saying, oh my God, and today I had a couple of cops on the bus. Uh-huh. We started talking. Yeah. They said, oh my God, we were rolling. Oh, cool. We were listening to that. So, oh, guys, great job. Any chance of posting that on the unofficial site? We're going to try. We're going to see if we can get away with it. Clearance, yeah. Oh, guys, you guys are great. Thank you, Jamie. All right, man, kick ass. All right, bye. Bye. Do do do do do. Cliff? Yo. You got some info on the baseball clip? Yeah, if you watch the end of it, the guy hands her some money or he hands her something. No, it's her panties. Her panties that were on the floor next to him. I thought that was the money. We thought she was the ho or something. No, it's black panties. You can tell. All right. All right. Yo, what's the last thing I saw in here is before he closed the can on him. What? You fell for it. That was stupid. I know. That was really bad. That was pretty lame. John, you're next on WNEW. What's up? Gentlemen, how are you doing? Real good. Happy New Year to you. God, I leave town for a couple of weeks and what happens? A lot of stuff. Holy crap. We've been on fire lately. I know. Real quick, any repercussions from the big boys? Did you have to have that meeting this morning? Honestly, they've been very quiet. Still in shock. Yeah, probably. Sometimes when they're very quiet, it's not a good thing. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Listen, I meant to propose this toast when I saw you guys at Hooters and let me do that now. All right. A toast. A toast. Okay. Here's to folks like us. Damn few left. Is that it? Well, yeah, sorry. All right. I'm sorry about that. And Anthony, I know I've been bugging you about that picture that we took together. Right. If you could possibly give that to me, I'd sure appreciate it. All right, man. All right, John. Is that a train? No. Joey. Yes, sir. Hey, what's up, buddy? Good. Listen, I saw a tape about a year ago, firemen in New York City. You know, they always seem to have these great tapes, porno flicks, you know? There was a whole entire tape that was done supposedly by the cameramen that worked for each individual team in every city in the country. And these tapes, this one particular tape had all these scenes where there was sex going on throughout the ballpark all over the country. And there's a whole tape of that stuff? Oh, absolutely. I would love to do that. Check that out. So, I got a call from a guy in the city fire department and they were passing it around. He said that, you know, supposedly the cameramen that worked for the teams knew about this and there was something where they would zone in on each section on every particular game and they would find this stuff out. Of course, because those cameras are so freaking powerful. And you go to like the top of the bleachers in Shea and you're assuming no one could really see what you're doing up there, but those cameras could zoom right the F in. Hell yeah. And they were picking everything up. And the funny thing was that they would show you that they were actually at the game while it was going on. They'd have like a guy pitching the ball to the batter. That's cool. To prove that it was an actual game. So, the guy that called early said it was just a setup. Now you could actually see it wasn't. It was an actual game going on while the time this was all happening. Yeah, I would like to check out the rest of the tape. That's pretty cool. If I get a copy of it, a friend of mine had about a year ago. Right. I'd be more than happy to send it to you guys. All right, Joe. But for all you listeners can see the whole thing. All right, cool. Thank you. All right, guys. Take care. All right, bye. Bye. Hey, Mary, you're next on W-A-D-W. I was down in DC for New Year's Eve. Yeah. And it was kind of cold out. Towards the end of the show they showed this Spielberg film which kind of brought the crowd down because there was no music or whatever. And this guy took off all his clothes and he jumped into the reflecting pond. And to Amica had the reflecting pond and everybody was cheering and screaming and everybody up closer thought we were cheering and screaming for the Spielberg film. And the guy got to the end and then he jumped back in and everybody was high-fiving over him. And he was running around naked. And the next morning we were watching on the Discovery Channel or whatever. I think it was some Discovery or A&E. I don't know. But they were showing it. But it's on film because we were looking at the camera angles and we're like somebody has a copy of this guy swimming across the reflective film, the reflective pool just before midnight. Naked as a jaybird. And we decided that they probably would. That must have been cold. What? That must have been cold. Oh, we were cracking up. The guy was insane. And then we were like, oh, you know, they'll never release this clip because I mean it's supposed to be really tight security and he never got arrested. That'll be on the Internet pronto. Yeah. I mean, it's out there because we were looking at the camera angles and the way they were showing the Spielberg film and there was definitely and a camera in that area. And most cameras work by working nonstop. Right. So somebody's got that out there and it is absolutely hysterical. I mean, the crowd went crazy. There were no police. And this is supposed to be like super tight security of this guy is just running around butt naked. It's just a matter of time before we all get to see that. Yeah, you got to try to get it. That it's absolutely hilarious because they'll never release it because it'll reveal too much that they really lacked of security. All right, Mary, thank you. Cool. I understood this. I understood the first four times you said that she hypnotized me. Sean, Sean, you're a new listener, too? Yeah, I'm a new listener, man. I just got turned on to you guys about three weeks ago. Three weeks ago? That's it, man. Where were you? Do you know what you have missed? I'm telling you, you guys make me piss my pants out. Sorry for saying that, though. What were you listening to before us? Nothing. You just throwing a few CDs on the way home, you know, or whatever. But I mean, the voices, the mic and the mad dog are hilarious. Cool. Cool. You guys are really cool, though. We appreciate it. Enjoy the show. Thank you, Sean. All right. All right, let's try to move on to other things, OK? Of course. We can start with the Hillary interview on the letter, man. What did you think, everyone? What did you think? What did you think of it? That snooze fest. We'll get into that next, OK? All right. But as we go to commercials, got to thank Jimmy from the production department for putting together a little montage about yesterday's festivities with Psycho Mark, all right? All right. Check this out. We got channel 2 news on. There's Mark. There's Mark. The hugest wow psych. This is like an act. Hey, hey, it's a huge toss up. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over.лов And like this. I mean, Mike, get him this is what we had fun today. You tell her go to, uh, are you doing a job? No, I'm not. I'm just, I'm hanging out. The thing is, you should be allowed to do your job. I should be allowed to do mine. I almost pissed in my pants. That was the funniest thing I've seen in a very, very long time. Uh, Mark, I got one question for you. What is your favorite thing about being a rapper? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Mark, I got one question for you. Yeah. How do you walk around with that set, you guys? What do you like? Walk around like John Wayne? Wayne, like? Yeah. I just want to know, guys, when is the farewell show going to be? That's why you got to listen every day. This could be it right here today. You never know. OP, OP, OP, Anthony, 1027WNEW. 1027WNEW, it's the OP and Anthony show. If you have something, 212-757-1027. We'd like your participation on this radio show. Yeah. The fax line, 212-957-9639. As we try to move on with the show, I guess everyone talking about Hillary on Letterman last night. Ooh. Boring! Dave's a load. Boring! Just got to say, Dave is a load. Everyone else in the media kissing Hillary's ass, kissing David Letterman's ass, boring, contrived. I don't think Hillary had one word that came out of her mouth that wasn't written for her. Yeah. David just like, oh God, he had her right there, David. You had Hillary right there. Yeah. Ask about her husband, ask about Monica, do something. I don't care what you promised them before the interview, do something. All he did was kiss her ass, say that she would make a fine senator, as would Rudy. Boy, if that isn't right in the fence. You can't say both of them would make a good senator. Right. He said, what did he say? He said that they're both great candidates for the senator. They're both running and the problem is we're going to lose one good senator out of this. Just lapping her buttocks, just kissing up. I mean, everybody saw it last night and I was just like, I was expecting so much more from David Letterman. Come on, David. The truth of the matter is Dave's getting a little old and it's showing. It really is. That whole thing he was doing, you know, the government control the weather, that whole bit that he does and makes the funny faces. Don't work anymore. No. That whole act doesn't quite wash anymore. Do you honestly think that test about New York wasn't set up where they gave Hillary all the answers? I mean, obviously a bunch of easy questions, but Hillary would have never taken the chance live on a show to answer questions about New York. No. The whole damn thing was contrived. Fake, phony, boring. Even having Walter Cronkite come out in the beginning to tell David not to be a jackass when he interviews Hillary. Dave, don't be a jackass. Let Hillary come out here and interview her and kiss her big fat white ass. I mean, what has happened to the spontaneity of TV? Her butt crack looks like the trenches I was in recording from the Tet Offensive in Vietnam. Back in 1968, when the Tet Offensive, when I was in a foxhole that looked just like her big fat ass crack. Just laughing. If they had any balls at that show, they would have had Rudy Giuliani come out at the beginning of the show. Yeah. Just do it. Oh, so they're going to get mad at you that you didn't? Who cares? Bend her over the chair. Start plowing. Imagine that one. Dave and Rudy put Hillary on the rotisserie and played cards on her back. Now that's a show. You know, and I think it's very obvious to everyone that David Letterman really likes Rudy Giuliani. He's been on the show for many, many times in the past. Yeah. Very disappointing. He had to get her on and then he just sucked up to her. That was it. That was the entire friggin' show. Blue, blue, blue, blue. All right, let's see what everyone else is saying about it. Rich, what's going on? Hey, guys. What's up? That interview was lame. It was completely not her lame. It was disappointing and then giving her a tractor at the end. And then she's reading her own top ten list that was obviously written for her. It was just, God, I was so disappointed. It really was. Ranked up there with like Joan London and Michael Jackson. Yeah, pretty much. I forgot about that one, sure. That's an old reference. All right, Rich. All right, guys, take care. Jason. Yes, sir. What's up? How you doing? Good. Man, let me tell you something. They should have had Rudy on the show with her. Of course. That would have made it a whole lot better. I'm sure there were promises made like, look, you know, when Hillary comes on, we don't want you talking about Monica or Bill's infidelity. Exactly. We don't want any mentions of Rudy, really. We certainly don't want him to show up on the show. I'm sure there are all sorts of stipulations. Yeah. God, David, if you had balls, you'd just say, just say, yes, yes, yes, okay, we won't do any of that. And then you do all of it. Exactly. Yeah. You got it. That's what they were doing. Man, but let me tell you, Letterman, he should have had her right there. He had his whole opportunity to say whatever he wanted to. Yeah, he blew it. He blew it, definitely. I think so. I think Letterman needs to get out. You just have to go for it at that point. Maybe it's a little shaky in there, though. Maybe it's a little scary with Secret Service all around. She's there. What are they going to do, shoot you for asking a stupid question? I think it'd be funny to have her walk off your show because she's pissed. That'd make more news. The news crews are all outside the studio. Here's Hillary. She's doing a talk show. Oh, boy, who cares? I watched a bunch of editorials this morning back in the office. All the media was kissing her ass. Oh, we thought she looked terrific. She was so funny. Funny, that's another thing. She's saying stuff. If you had her in front of you, you wouldn't kiss her ass? No. No? No. Oh, come on. In casual conversations, some of the stuff she was saying might be funny. Yeah. Then all of a sudden, Dave is just cracking up like it is the funniest damn thing ever. Does Paul Schaefer go back to the mothership at night? Does he go back and write? And just cruise off to whatever galaxy he's from through the black hole and then come back every day? Does he commute from his planet or does he live here? Holy mother of pearl, does he look like an alien now? He should have left the wraparound horseshoe hair that he had for years, which wasn't all that bad. He lost his hair for years ago. Everyone's known Paul Schaefer as being the bald guy. And he doesn't even speak English anymore. I don't know what it is. David, ask some stuff. Yeah, just like that. That's his native language from the planet of Baltar or something. Mike thought Hillary came off pretty good. Mike? Really? Hey, Owen, what's up? What's up? What's going on, man? You liked her on Letterman last night, huh? I have to say that I actually did. I mean, it was kind of gay. I mean, I admit Letterman was kind of punked out, but I will say this. She came off pretty good. I mean, maybe it was scripted. Because, yeah, that's how it was written for her to come off pretty good. Pretty much. She wouldn't have done it unless she came off looking good. Pretty much every line she said was written for her, and she didn't even rehearse her lines. That part was very obvious. Come on this show and then see how you come off looking good. She was a little nervous, you could tell, but I will say this. I mean, wouldn't you rather see her in it than Giuliani? I mean, come on. Nah, Rudy's pretty funny on the show. Rudy is funny on there. You see him dressed like a bitch on Saturday Night Live? God damn it. The guy knows how to have fun. The best thing Giuliani's done for the city is, I think, clean up the subway and clean up the village. But other than that, I mean, he hates New York nightlife. He hates clubs. If there's anything that really has anything to do with fun, I notice. He's always raiding nightclubs. I'm not having any help. I should have anyone else. Yeah, I mean, but I don't know. I think it would be kind of interesting to see her in there. I mean, she doesn't seem as phony as I might have thought she did. I'm kind of seeing a different light. That's her act. To look not phony. The phoniness of looking not phony. Yeah, I mean... I can't stand her. Of course, she's a phony. She's living with her husband who she can't friggin' stand. They can't stand each other. To her, he's just a banging Arkansas slob. He just can't keep it in his pants. And to him, she's just a power hungry dyke who's trying to ride his bike. There you go. There's the relationship in a nutshell. Thank you. The minute the presidency is over, she's definitely dumping him. I'll say that. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, Mike, thank you. Thank you, man. Bye. I was sitting there watching last night. They weren't going. You know, if Hillary makes a legit Senate run and she has to reach the young voters... Yeah. We would definitely... Definitely, we would definitely have to do that. We would definitely have to do that. We would definitely have to do that. We would definitely have to do that. We would definitely have to do that. We would definitely have to do that. We would definitely have to do that. We would definitely have to do that. We would definitely have to do that. We would definitely be in the running. What, to get her on the show? Yeah. We reach a lot of the young voters. That's going to happen. Yeah. It's a possibility. Oh, yeah. It's a possibility. Like Clinton playing the sax on MTV and stuff to try to get the young voters. Uh-huh. So, you'd... And I believe Clinton was on... Who's? Imus's show? Yep. A while ago, when he was like eight years ago when he was first running. So, you think we'd have a shot? We have a huge segment of the young voters that are on the show. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. I'm working on it. Anymore has to be in L.A. They'll give us this whole list of things. And Aunt Nia, like good little boys, like we do, very well off the air, we'll go, yes, sir, yes, sir. No, no, we wouldn't do that. No, no, no, no. No, we won't do that. Okay. She would come in and we would do it all. She'd sit down and all of a sudden, hey, whore! How you doing, you whore? Where's your husband? Where's his penis? You ain't seen that in quite a while, have you? You whore! That'll be fun. Some dice to the interview. All right, Mary Beth. All right. Hey, guys. Yeah. I love you. You have saved me so many times from road rage. I deliver pizzas during the day and during the afternoon and I want to run people over numerous times sometimes. You deliver pizzas? Yeah. Do you deliver to the bad neighborhoods? No, they won't let me. Yeah, see? I saw a TV show on this. A lot of the pizza places are getting in trouble now and getting sued. Getting sued for millions of dollars. I saw that on Dateline. Yeah. Really? Yeah, because they're not sending the delivery people to bad neighborhoods. When you get a phone call from a bad neighborhood, it's like, no, we don't deliver. Yeah. And people are suing? Like, what kind of girl are you? Like, describe yourself quickly. Five, three, brown hair, brown eyes. How much do you weigh? Like 120. Yeah, you're a little girl. And she's going to like go deliver pizza in the hood? You know, you never know what will happen to you. And there was a reason why they started this, because a lot of their drivers were being held up and robbed. So I think it was in Washington and St. Louis, if I'm not mistaken. So these pizza chains finally said, look, we are not delivering to these neighborhoods anymore. It's not worth it. Our drivers, their lives are in risk. Right. Certainly, there's a chance of getting robbed and their money stolen. It's not worth the chance. Mary Beth would be the only pizza delivery person that leaves with extra sausage. You go to that neighborhood, you never know. Ready for this one, though, Ann? So then another pizza company decided, OK, we'll continue delivering in the bad neighborhoods, even though we've had some serious trouble. But we're going to make the people meet us outside to make the exchange. That company is now getting sued for trying to do the right thing as well. Yeah, like they had to walk up to the car. Like a drug deal. Like when you see cops and they're selling crack, like they go into the neighborhood and the guy comes up with the crack and they sell it through the car window. That's exactly what the pizza deal looked like. Yo, man, what you need? I got it. What you need, man? Little anchovy. And I'd like to say, go UConn, all right? I go there and I'm deprived of you guys in the wintertime. I hate it. UConn has a just sick team once again this year. Yeah, well, we're number five now. Well, you guys are going to be right there at the end again. Well, St. John's, come on, baby, St. John's. Yeah, it's the 16th. Come on, who are you cheering for? St. John's! What? I'm in New York or not? I'm not from Connecticut. Well, I'm not either, but you know, I got to cheer for my school. I went to the St. John's, yeah, St. John's UConn game last year at the Garden. And I was really pissed off because there were more Connecticut fans there than New York fans. Oh, yeah. We support our team. Our home court, and all I heard was Connecticut cheering like a mother. Oh, we are loud. Yeah, I don't know much about any basketball, especially college, but one thing I do know, the UConn fans are crazy. We are crazy. All right, Mary Beth. Let me tell you. All right, thanks, guys. All right. Bye-bye. Bye. Bye. As crazy as you can get in Connecticut. Jesus Christ, I mean, let's be real here. All right, we'll take a few more calls on the Hilary Letterman thing, and we'll move on to other things, so stay right there. You guys sometimes like piss me off, OK? Woodle-le, woodle-le, woodle-le, do-do-do. One, oh, two, seven, WNEW. Bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, bair, That must be for our listeners. Prodigy come in, and we're just like yelling at the music. One, oh, two, seven, WNEW, the OP at Anthony Shoo, having a lot of fun taking your phone calls, two, one, two, seven, five, seven, one, oh, two, seven, talking about Hilary and David Letterman. Seems like everyone stayed up to watch that last night. Oh, brother, brave. Dave, I'm surprised to see Walter Cronkite still alive. Walter Cronkite, my mere first lady Hillary Clinton. I remember when I was with Eleanor Roosevelt, bent over the couch in the Lincoln bedroom. Dave, m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m-m your hands up now. J land in the world? Dude, she's a weeble. Anyone else notice that? She's not the most powerful woman in the world. Oh my God. She wields nothing. She wishes she had a schlong and she doesn't. Come on, tell the truth. You won't want to see a buck naked. Ugh. As part of like a cottage cheese ass. Let me answer him, Joey. Joey, as part of like a freak show, sure. A freak show? I would love to see her naked. Those big tree trunk legs of hers. Like in Celebrity Skin magazine or something. All of a sudden you see her. That's what I'm talking about. She is a weeble. Weebles wobble but they don't fall down. I mean her body's like this right here and then it goes whoa. She's got a big old way. I'm thinking she's hot. I'm thinking she's wild. I'm thinking you're stoned. Jesus, man. What are you, insane? Of all the chicks you could say are hot that have been on TV. My wife thinks I'm sick, dude. You are. You are. I believe you are too. All right, Joey. Get out of here. This is the guy's rule, man. All right, go do another bong hit. Later. All right. Obviously he's got something in his eyes. Ralph. He thinks that big fat cottage cheese ass. Hey, Ralph, you still there? I'm absolutely here. Sorry to make you wait a while. What's up? That's no problem. It just proves to me how stupid the voters in New York are. Hillary comes on TV and everyone's into her. And now the polls go up. Right. Why do the polls go up? Just because she does a TV show. Yeah, who changes their mind? Haven't you made your opinion by now? She's on TV. I like her now. Right. She did Dave. And then Rudy will be on maybe in another month or so. And then his ratings will go up and hers will drop. That's what it is, ratings. It's popularity. Listen to your listeners today. They're saying how great she was and they like her. It was safe. They can't see it. And now all of a sudden Rudy's a bad guy. The sad part is it's working for her. You know, as voters, we are so fickle. I mean, the average person doesn't know anything about the issues. And we're just like, oh, wow, she did great on Letterman last night. I'm going to vote for her now. Well, that's our husband. Why did he play the sax? Hey, man, that guy must be great. I'll tell you something. You know what the problem was with Adolf Hitler? No TV talk shows. The guy probably would have had like fans. He probably would have, you know, could be Hitler doing Dave. There'd be calls the next day. Hey, you seem like a really fun guy. Right. It doesn't matter. It's just getting your face on TV. That's it. You would have some stupid human tricks. Oh, God, Ralph. I want to welcome my guest, Adolf Hitler. You know, he comes goose stepping out on today's couch. All I know about Adolf Hitler, and we've said in the past, yeah, he's wrecked that mustache look for everyone. The little mustache will never come back. You cannot wear that look. Oh, you occasionally see the Van Dyke, don't you? You see the goatee? Sure. You see the handlebar mustache with the guy that waxes the ends? Oh, yeah. Looks real stupid, but you still see it. You even see some people walking around with the mutton chops. The big mutton chop sideburns and stuff. There's every style of hair on people's face you could dream of except one, the little Hitler mustache. For one man to ruin an entire look, little look like that, that's something. That's saying something. Because before Hitler, I mean, a bunch of people wore the mustache. Charlie Chaplin. Charlie Chaplin comes to mind, sure, and many others. But since then, what if you just know you look better that way? What if you cannot walk down the streets of New York with that look? Could you see just walking into the office, how you doing, Bob? Right. Hey, Tom, how you been? And you have like the Hitler mustache. Back on for a new look here today. You're automatically labeled an anti-Semite. Yeah, you would be like Hitler. But what if you just wanted to wear the mustache because you look good? You just want to bring that look back. That's directed for everyone. Maybe we ought to try to bring that back. Oh, yeah. Are you willing to grow the Hitler mustache? No, no, no. With me? No, see. I'll do it? No. Walk around with the Hitler. You'd get looks instantly. You wouldn't get just looks. You would get just beat up. Like if it wasn't for Hitler, you'd be walking down the street and maybe pass dozens of people in a day with the Hitler mustache look. Just like when the Derby hat was hot. Right. Everyone you passed had the Derby hat on. A little Derby hat. And who knows, that might come back someday. There hasn't been anything really that has crushed that look. No. But the Hitler mustache, ooh. You know, years later. We should have Psycho Mark put the mustache on and walk around like times. Psycho Mark, grow the Hitler mustache. Can he grow a mustache? I haven't looked at his potential for facial hair. I don't know. Alright, he can grow the Hitler mustache and then walk around the city and we can see the reactions that people get. Are phones crashed out again, Spaz? God damn, I would love that. I would love to see that. I think we have to update our phone system. We're starting to get so many calls, we're blowing out the system every day. Again? Yeah. I mean, you could still call the show, but our communications between us and Spaz has broken down once again, Ed. Jesus H. Christ. Oh, we can't type in the... No, it's okay. Pamela, you're next. Hi, how are you doing? Good. Hey, I remember a few months back when you invited Hillary to your show, and if you keep on talking about her like that, calling her a wee-bolt, she's not going to come. Well, we don't really care either way. You don't care she comes to the show? No. No, we don't care. I mean... Like she would even do this show. Yeah, the odds are she's not going to be on our show. I'm hoping to get Rudy on. That would be great. We'd have Rudy on tomorrow. Okay, call Rudy. See if he'll come. We had Mayor Kach on when we first got here. He wasn't very thrilled with us. I think you two are not real broadcasters. Shut up, you fossil. We had to cut the interview short. He wasn't into us at all. You know, he was cool when he was mayor, and it carried over for quite a few years after he was mayor. But then I finally realized the guy's just a dick. He's just like an old crotchety anus. We were trying to have fun with him, and he just wouldn't have it. And he was on the People's Court show for a while, you know? And he's doing that, and it seemed kind of cool. Oh, we'll have him on and talk about... And he was just like, I was mayor of New York during very tough times. Jesus. But he wasn't fun at all. Who came in after him? Oh, Dinkins, right? Yeah. He was a lot better than Dinkins. The Dinkins years. Goddamn, this city was fun back then. Thank God I was working on my radio career during the Dinkins years. I was everywhere but New York. Oh, you should have been here. I'd take the best years to be in Western New York working on my radio career. No, man. You should have been here during the Dinkins years. I was paying attention. I was glad. That was some of the funny... It was like a bizarro world. You know, when everything's in reverse? That's how it was. It was insane. And then every day I'd be in my truck working and click on WLIB, the black station, when Dinkins was in on... They're having like Mardi Gras parties in that station every day that Dinkins is in. A drug dealer shoots a cop. Dinkins goes to the drug dealer's hospital bed. Jesus, it was bizarro world. You're right, it was bizarro world. It was bizarro world. Holy mother of pearl. And then when he lost the election to Giuliani, I turn on WLIB and there I'm in mourning. It's over, my brothers and sisters. Our reign is over. It was good while it lasted. Yeah. I want a recamp. They were freaking out. But the Dinkins years, oh my God. That's very funny. Bob Grant on the radio always banging heads with them. Dinkins. Dinkins is a washroom attendant. He called them a washroom attendant. And when they were rioting with the Jews, they were a bunch of savages. God, what a fun time. Bob Grant. Jonathan, you're next on WNEW. Hey guys, how are you? Listen, we don't want her on our show. Wait, I like how you just said that. I like how you just said we don't want her on our show. You guys are like the 11th man. You know how they do that at football stadiums? Your show too. It's your show too. It's your show too. You're the 11th man. Damn right. And her issue with the homeless. Listen, I live in Jersey. When I worked in New York, high school in New York. Everywhere I went, there was a bomb. You go to an ATM machine, the whole of the doors open you. And then they got their hands out waiting for you to submit 20. I know, how stupid are they? I don't want to see it. I don't want to see it. I don't want to smell it. They don't know what they're talking about. Rudy's done a great job with that. As far as I'm concerned, Rudy is a hero. A couple of years ago, he went against some Democrat. Actually, he was for a Democrat. And I thought he was a hero for that. He went against his own party for that. And I got a lot of respect for the guy. I think he's done a real good job for the city. I'm not a New Yorker, but I really respect the guy. And I like what he's done. We want Rudy on this show. We want Rudy. We want Rudy. I want Rudy on my show. On my show. Thank you, John. My pleasure. Take care. Bye. You can't do something for the good of your city, if you're the mayor like that, like he is, and make everyone happy. You're going to piss off a lot of people. Me, personally, I think he ought to throw the cops some cash, you know? Of course. The guy's been holding out on the cops. And the crime's down and everything like that. Is it Rudy out on the streets? I'm patrolling with my comb over. It's not him. The cops are out there. He's got his Simon Bar Sinister hat. Simon Bar Sinister. I'll rule the city. Make crime drop and close the booby bars. Where's the Rudy rap? We've got to play the Rudy rap. Ask Baz. He'll find it. But you're going to piss off a lot of people. He pissed me off with the closing up the booby bars and everything and the peep shows. Well, that person earlier made a good point. He's not for nightlife, basically. Yeah. He's not about fun. He's not in it. He's into bringing revenue into the city. And boy, he's done that. And you could walk down the streets. You don't see as much crap as you used to. And you know something? Quite frankly, I don't care where it went. You know, a lot of people are like, well, where did they go? Where did the homeless go? I don't know. Well, there's a point you've got to bring up, too, though. What? The economy. When the economy's good, your city's in pretty good shape. Because there's money to pump in. There's more jobs. So everyone moves up the ladder a notch. Because everyone is bowing to Clinton's presidency. The fact is, I mean, the economy's been absolutely on a roll since he's been in office. And that helps your stature. Yes, it does. And does he have anything to do with the economy? No. Alan Greenspan does. Oh. Isn't he going to talk Monday or something? There. There goes the stock market. Yeah. I don't know. Some of that interest rates. Might raise them. That is below. John? Yeah. Hey, OP Anthony. What's up? How are you? All right. All right. I had two things I wanted to point out. First of all, Ludderman is horrible now. He always sucks. Well, we were disappointed in his performance last night. I hope he's not in his office today patting himself on the back. Because he looked like a puss. You have his wig on, you think, or not? He's got to reinvent himself, I think. You know, maybe he has a chair. What's up with that hair? The hair? Yeah. He lost it. He lost the guys every day. It's so bad now it looks like a rug is on his head all the time. Well, they showed when Pataki was on. Only a couple years ago. Not that long ago. Yeah. It was a few years ago. Like four years ago? Yeah, about that. And he looked so much younger. I mean, that was a rough four years for Dave. Well, he's got to grow his hair out a little bit. If you grow your hair out, it kind of, you know, comes up some of that space that's on your forehead. It's too, like, cut close. He just went for the mighty fine there. Exactly. And the other thing I wanted to touch on, that girl that was talking about the... You want to touch on a girl? The girl who was the pizza delivery girl. Yeah. I have a funny story, too, about how people sue restaurants. My cousin lives down in Florida, and he worked at one of the, like, the Little Caesar type places down there. Pizza place. And what happened was a couple of yams came in and started harassing all the workers. Oh, my God. So they all went in the back, and they pissed in the pizza sauce. And what they did was the company ended up getting sued because somehow they ended up seeing these kids in the back pissing in the sauce. Well, you can't do that. Well, they went and harassed all the workers, and they ended up peeing in their pizza. Right. All right, man. And the company got sued. There you go. Thank you, John. No problem. Have a great day, guys. All right. We've got to take a break. We've got to reboot the phones, get them working right. All right. As we go to break, it's the Rudy rap. We haven't played this in a while. No. Check it out. Did you taste that, B-Och? Hmm. I'm a bad mother-fucker. Lord Como. Mm-hmm. That's right. I'm Rudy G. I'm here to say. My hair looks like a roadkill soupé. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm the number one man in the world. I'm number one. I got a frigid wife and a big fat son. Don't give me no shit about Hillary. That fat ass bitch ain't no better than me. I can't file it with the homeless and sick. All the motherfuckers can suck my dick. I'm Rudy G. Yeah, I'm Rudy G, motherfucker. The Lisbon mayor, Rudy G. Lord, come over to the motherfuckers in the hale. Word. The Opie and Anthony show. Drone men jumping all over each other. Okay, terrific. 1027, WNEW. 1027, WNEW. It's Opie and Anthony. Sam's on the phone here. Sam, what's up? Sam, sorry, sorry. Ah, well, he has Sam down, sorry. Anthony, I'm only 21, but you got me nostalgic talking about the Dinkins, our man. How crazy it was in New York back then. It was insane. It was so much fun to pick up the daily news in the Post on a daily basis. Do you remember how the cops used to have those demonstrations against Dinkins and Giuliani would be there with them? Yeah. Bunch of drunk cops living there. They leave our cops alone. It was so much fun back then. Times Square was so much more sleazier back then. You had the dirty old men on the corner and no more peep shows. Things weren't interesting anymore. But when you used to drive in with your parents and stuff, your parents would be all embarrassed because you'd just be passing big movie theater marquees saying, suck sluts, and come in for dancing girls, we'll do this. It's all just spelt out on the street. You had the pimps on the sidewalks. Yeah, the random acts of violence every day, gunshots, crack dealers. Yeah. You'd drive by the Javits Center. It was just whores, whores, whores everywhere. You don't have those open air drug markets anymore, man. It's so much harder to get a piece of crack rock these days. Yeah. It's like a different city. It was so much fun. It was very entertaining back then. I'll tell you that much. It was an adventure coming into Manhattan. They didn't know if you were leaving. The only thing that Giuliani and Dinkins have in common is cops hate both of them. He used to bash Dinkins. Now he bashes Giuliani. I hate all of them. I hate all of them. Oops, my ticker's going again. How am I doing? All right, Sam. Yeah, those were some fun times, the Dinkins years. Sam remembers. It was nice to check that out from afar, Ed. Yeah. I was missing an action those years. Just what an embarrassment, I think. I was the first black mayor of New York City. An achievement for blacks. I mean, an achievement. It's the biggest city in the world, the pinnacle of the free world. I mean, we're right here, New York City. Black mayor. And he completely dropped the ball. I mean, completely dropped the ball. He had Clintonitis. If the polls weren't up, he was pissed and trying to figure out a way to change him around. Rudy doesn't care. He'll have an idea. No matter how twisted or ass-backwards it is, he has it, he's committed to it, and he'll do it. He follows it through. Regardless of who calls him an ass for doing it, who hates him for doing it, doesn't matter. I'm following through. Close shot of the movie bite. You know, he pisses people off, but he does it. Dinkins like, uh-oh, now what? Oh, oh no, the polls are down. What do I do? Oh, I'll go to the drug dealer's bed. Oh, my community's all pissed at me because a cop shot a drug dealer and the cop is dead. The drug dealer's still alive. Oh, I better go to the drug dealer's bedside, Reverend Al, and meet with his family. It was like a wacky sitcom. It was. It was Bizarro World where everything was backwards. Remember that, Superman? It's good times with Dinkins. It was crazy, but damn interesting. The whole Tawana Brawly thing was going on, wasn't it, during the Dinkins years too? You just see Reverend Al, everything's like, Tawana Brawly. Wapping your flaws. Tawana Brawly. She went fine with X-Gammon on her. And racial episodes written all over her body. David Dinkins, I want an investigation about Tawana Brawly. Steven Begonas and a bunch of police officers gang banged Tawana Brawly. And wrote the word nigga on her. And spread X-Gammon on her and threw her in a plastic garbage bag. And he didn't check out the stories from the neighbor who saw Tawana crawling into a garbage bag herself. I don't hear that. Dinkins is in the background, nodding his head. Yeah, yeah, we're looking into it. If the polls say I should look into it, I'll look into it. What a cluster F that was. C. Vernon Mason, Alton Maddox and Reverend Al. Reverend Al. Larry, Moe and Curly of the black community. Those are some fun times, man. Hallelujah. Good times. I am Al Brees. Tawana. And remember the news clip of Tawana Brawly? Reverend Al figures it's good to get loose. Tawana was being quiet the whole time. Figures they're finally going to let Tawana make a statement. Because Reverend Al, Maddox and Mason are catching so much heat that Tawana will make a statement. Her statement? No one manipulates me or my family. That's right. You know how it came out? No one nipsnaps me or my family. I swear to Christ, it came out, no one nipsnaps me or my family. Get the tape. I was on the floor wetting myself. I swear to God, I wet myself. I was laughing so hard. You were sucking on your thumb. You were laughing so hard. They finally let her make a statement. Nipsnaps. Nipsnaps. God damn, bring me back. That was fun. Kids, don't forget, later on, what did we learn on the show today? We learned how to say nipsnaps. But man, those were the days. Wow, very good. Let's go to Dan real fast. Dan, you're on WNEW. He was. Dan waited all that time, hangs up on the air. Okay, Brian, what's up? Hey, hello, WNEW. What's up? I was in detention yesterday. I was listening to you guys. So were we after the show. We were in detention. I know. I was in there listening to my radio without the teacher looking at me with my hood on. I started dying. I was kicking the table. I was dying listening to the show when the guy was out there screaming around, show us your fun bags. Psycho Mark, show us your fun bags. We created a star yesterday. Psycho Mark. Yeah, now I have two weeks more detention because I was talking. Oh well, it was worth it, right? Hell yeah, you guys are awesome. Thank you. Bye. Kim says her parents say nipsnaps all the time. Kim? Hey. What's up, guys? What's up, man? I was in New Paltz when that whole thing happened. Yeah. And it was just outrageous. There was just racial fights and everything. And the first time she ever made that statement, we laughed so hard. It could be the funniest thing I've ever heard on the news. No one nipsnaps me on the family. My mother, my sister and I still say that ten years later. Really? It is just, I will never forget it. Anytime I hear the word manipulates, I always think nipsnaps. No one nipsnaps me on our family. One night, my sister and I were out at a bar and some guy was giving me a hard time. Yeah. She got in his face and she's about five foot, about a hundred pounds. She got in his face and said, no one nipsnaps me on the family. It's too much. I can't believe you guys remembered that. You guys rock. No, it's better than I because I don't remember that. That was a highlight of the Tawana Brawley incident. Now I need to find the footage of that. The Wapidawaltine Tawana Brawley. I'm telling you, when they had the guy Pagonis just out and they had Tawana out, soon as I saw her, that's the first thing I thought of. I'm so glad somebody else remembered that. I'm sure a lot of New Yorkers remember that one. That was too damn funny. You guys suck. Take care. Thank you, Kim. Bye, guys. Bye. David, you're next on the program. What's up? Hey, how are you doing, guys? All right. Listen, you know, I think I seem to remember Bill Coyne being involved in this whole thing too. Did you get any money to handle her legal charges and stuff? Yeah, a lot of people, a lot of blacks came to the table for her until they realized, oh my God, this is a sham. And it's being handled by just three cooks, Alton Mason and Madison Maddox and that friggin' Al Sharpton. Absolutely. And that was the good old days of Al Sharpton when he used to wear the sweats and the big Volkswagen hubcap medallion around his chest. Well, you had to be in there with the people, you understand? I'm with my peeps. It was the Mod Squad. The Mod Squad. Look at me. I put Jaffa in my sweatpants and my big Volkswagen hubcap medallion. Thank God I was wearing it when that racist went to stab me that day. Then Reverend Howell got stabbed. Those were some great times. Yeah, but then they went to the bedside of the guy who stabbed him, I think, didn't they? Yeah. I'll go to your bedside. You guys have got to time some of this stuff. You're going to pull it on television with almost all of our fucking traffic jams. You never know when the hell that stuff happens, man. The next one for Psycho Mark, we've got a couple things in the works. One, we can't even mention. Well, let's see what happens when the eyes open. It may happen next week. And then hopefully the Today Show in the near future. I'm just going to have to start leaving work earlier, I guess. All right, David. Take it easy, man. Thank you. Bye. We've got to play the Reverend Howell song. Ah, yes. And we'll be back. Why is the white man always picking on me? He's got a fat belly and his head's full of grease You hear his battle cry No justice, no peace The man with the plan You know you can trust The party little Reverend With the actions like a boss He's Reverend Howell Reverend Howell He's your pal Reverend Howell He looks like James Brown With too many calories Now why is the white man always picking on me? The never-burner gets in the brawl he encased Turn on the TV, you would always see his face He's speeding in his limo to another homicide To make the network do with the family by his side Reverend Howell Reverend Howell He's your pal Reverend Howell He's called the Never-Ending Tuck for something but this to see Why is the white man always picking on me? Reverend Howell I'm Reverend Howell I'm Reverend Howell He's on his browl I'm hungry He's Reverend Howell He will represent your family and he doesn't charge a fee Not as long as the footage makes it on the TV Reverend Howell I'm Reverend Howell He's Reverend Howell Reverend Howell He's the race-based white-painting bag of bulogi Now why is the white man always picking on me? Reverend Howell He's Reverend Howell He's your pal Reverend Howell Sometimes you feel like a nut Sometimes you don't You guys are gonna burn in hell OK, yeah that's the way 107-WNEW We got channel 2 news on We got channel 2 news on We got a megaphone and something to sing There's Mark, there's Mark Causing trouble on CBS 2 The hugest wow sign Munchy Kramer is a tight-ass shrew This is like in our TV He's a freak There he is! Move over, move over Move over Move over He's doing it like a nut You're killing me What happened, Mark? What happened, Mark? I'm CBS 2's director, Seth DeBordi You look like a soccer-raping lunatic That was classic You boys can't be doing that What the hell you boys did You're interrupting our own news broadcast You know we're gonna get in trouble by the company Yeah, I know Munchy Kramer is very mad at me You tell her go to our boss More or not If you could be allowed to do your job I could be allowed to do mine I'm pissed in my pants That was the funniest thing I've seen in a very, very long time Mark, I got one question for you How do you walk around with that set, you guys? What do you like? Walk around like John Wayne? Wayne Mike? Yeah, I just want to know, guys, when is the farewell show going to be? That's why you gotta listen every day This could be it right here today You never know I'm all for violence sometimes Hey, you guys are a bunch of putz God, I want to punch you in the face That'll leave a bruise 1027 WNEW We're back on the Opie and Anthony show 1027 WNEW Our phone line 212-757-1027 Our listeners are on to us, Anthony What? Greg on the Instant Feedback from Jersey We just took a musical break What, about 10 minutes ago? Yeah, a musical break to regroup? You guys kidding? The market's closed and you want to check your stock? Ah! And who were we on the phone with during the break? Our old buddy, Stock Broker Dave Stock Broker Dave, finally checking in We gotta have him in here again He's done a lot for the show, a good friend of the show He should call back so we can talk about stocks He told us some stuff off I don't know how much of it we can repeat It doesn't matter if he says it He's just on the... I don't know Well, that's why I don't want to say anything I mean, not like he's doing anything illegal There's all sorts of rules between the stock market and broadcasting You can't go on the air and puff up a stock you're holding People are getting in trouble with websites There's message boards and all kinds of bulletin boards for every stock out there You go on to the CNBC site and you can get a message board for any company There are people that just buy a crap load of these $5 stocks just load up on them then go on the message boards and put a link there to a page that looks like a legitimate brokerage firm page and then they trash the stock just trash it and people sell it They sell on They talk it up and they buy the crap out of it and then the people that own it sell it at a profit They're getting in huge trouble You can't do that You get screwed for that The phones are busted again Why does it happen? They work fine during the songs and spots I think it's good news for the show It just means the show is growing and we're blowing out the phones now It's Y2K, Opie I'm in the back office now I ran to a CompUSA What did I get? Video card and some memory I'm playing Half Life on a 12 inch monitor Jesus Christ Opie's checking mail on like a 19 inch beautiful monitor My system that I use is a monster and all I'm doing is checking message boards and answering all our listeners back I got my chitty chitty bang bang computer Smoke is coming out of it I'm kicking it to get the CD-ROM door to open up There's smoke I swear coming out of it It's making noises You've got to climb to the top of this building and crank it up a little bit so you can get another 10 minutes of Half Life I do, I've got to put green in it because the squirrel that's running in the cage has to run faster inside the computer It's an old Packard Bell piece of crap before I learned Damn, it's the way to go I put a video card in and some memory Oh and it looks great on the postage stamp monitor So I know what's going to happen next I need a monitor Time for Ann to get another monitor How much money have you spent on computer equipment in the last year Few grand there Easily right Got to be like 4 maybe Probably 4 I love technology, I love computers I've got to have everything Tony you're a cop I've got the side of my computer open I'm pulling boards out What the hell are you doing? I've got to put this in now I don't give a crap as long as you're funny between 2 and 7 Who cares what you do man Tony you're next on the radio show Hey how's it going? I heard you guys talking about knocking Hillary I'm not going to vote for her She's not my cup of tea You've got to knock Giuliani too You guys said it I'm a port authority cop All you guys are going to vote for Giuliani just to get him out of the city We just want him to get out You've got your port authority Are you even under Giuliani? No Our boss is the governor You guys are different We're governed by Pataki and Whitman He's our boss We don't work for Giuliani We don't work for Giuliani but he hates us He hates anything having to do with port authority He hates anything having to do with port authority I want control of the airports He does He wants the airports and it's all port authority What he's like to me He reminds me when you watch pro wrestling He's like that wrestler was a good guy then he turned to be a bad guy You don't see that chair coming behind your back He's like a blind sergeant That's how he is He was out there protesting with the cops and then he came there He totally turned his back on everybody He should take better care of the cops That's obvious for what they've done for the city He's taken a hell of a lot of credit for it He can't do a speech about the job he's done without bringing up how much crime has dropped and how safe are the streets Who's doing that, Rudy? Who's doing that, Rudy? Toss him a dime or two I'm telling you If you had him up there and you asked him What do you think of these port authority cops? He'll start backtracking like you wouldn't believe I'm pretty sure of it I think it's time to have the mayor on our show He does broadcast on CBS I would love it if you guys had him on Ask the mayor We'll do it We'll do Ask the Mayor on our show Ask the Mayor I would love to have him on I would love to be on the phone talking to him What do you think? You guys would ask most of the questions What are we going to ask him? I would get like Kinnison on him I would be like, say it What do you think of the port authority? He's made no bones about it He can't stand the port authority cops We can't stand him Alright, Tony You guys rule I just randomly go to him Who's this? Hi Steve, how are you? You guys were talking about computer monitors I had a monitor that was like since 1990 And that sucker was trying hard To stay alive And then it just burst into sparks Monochrome It blinked out on me And I had to go back and rush like crazy Keep myself calm and unplug everything So I wouldn't like spark out myself The thing was smoldering as I took it outside That's great, there's nothing better than Something bursting into flames in your house It makes you happy Now you've got to get a new one I already bought it the same day But I went to a place where the guy barely spoke English And tried to sell me like a $225 monitor It was insane I got a really good 17 inch monitor I'll check out all the stuff And go to the site Where did you try to get the monitor? Broadway? Where they sell all that crap 10,000 times the actual worth? Binoculars my friend Binoculars, these are $100 binoculars And they're like the little things you get out of the gumball machine $100 coated lenses Coated with what? Get out of here The prices, they just Yeah They just rake you over the coals Walkman, it's like wait a minute, what happened to the price From the time I looked at it in the window in front of the place And I walked in to buy it Walkman, $5, walk in $500 You did not see decimal You can barter with those guys pretty good And you're still going away getting ripped off You're going to get ripped off, it doesn't matter Because you bought those binoculars When we first moved back to New York Because we had to check out all the chicks across the way From our hotel Yeah, they put us up in a hotel It was right across from an apartment building We needed binoculars, we're in New York Broadway is the only place where we could get binoculars So we're walking around I walk in, you get these little phantom binoculars The guy wanted $90 bucks for them $90 for binoculars, you get it Gotta go to Moose You get it like It's like $5 bucks Cheaper binoculars, I'm like get out of here I go to walk out, my friend, my friend All of a sudden I'm a friend We can work it out, my friend How much you want to pay? You want to pay like $10 bucks, I'll give you $20 Now I'm thinking, alright he went from $90 to $20 This is crap He's still making a profit, he's not going to go I'm going to lose $50 bucks No, he's still making a profit And you ended up buying him for like $20 And he was pissed off that he was giving it to you at that price So I said $10, and then he said $20 I said $15 He said $18 At that point I could care less about the binoculars Then I was sticking at $15 I said no, $15, $18, $15 $17, $15 I'm like we're in Bangladesh over here Arguing over a pig head $15, $18, $15 Sorry my friend, okay, bye See ya My friend, my friend, $15 Alright my friend He's my pal now, my friend Your buddy, your pal I don't even know who this is Who are you? Hey Mike Hey Mike, good We try A lot of guys should vote for Giuliani To get him into Congress Because if not the next election is going to be Him being for governor, then he's really going to hammer us Well, yeah He's done his mayor anyway I mean he can't run for another term Yeah I know, but if he stays in New York And he comes back as governor He's really going to hurt us And to tell you the truth, he'll probably make a good senator for New York Because he's He's very pro-New York He'll go to Washington and try to get as much money As he can for the state But as far as the city's concerned You've got to get a mayor who's a little more sympathetic With the cops in there Yeah, we hope so You know what you guys said yesterday You were talking about the goat head bar down at Hunts Point Yeah Oh man, that guy, he had me screaming yesterday My friend of mine was in there one time And that guy sitting next to me had a separate room And some guy's laughing That guy turns around and says, hey, do you have any of your lunch here? Jesus Alright, thanks buddy And don't get me wrong, I do think some of you cops are real pricks Well, you come across a few that are real hardasses, you know For the most part, they're pretty cool But some of you, oh my God Hey, who's this? O&A Yeah, what's your name, man? What's up, it's Craig, I'm a cop in the Bronx, what's going on? Cool, Craig Listen, I don't know what's worse, him or Hillary It's like a decision, my gun is going to jump off the building I want to see either one of them get in He's taking us around He's taking us around left and right Not giving us the money we deserve I'm sure that after he's gone, so you might want to vote him Yeah, just to get him the hell out of the city I hear you on that one He's out anyway, but like I said, hopefully he won't try to run for governor I don't know if he'd get that, though I don't know about that either And I wanted to, I tried yesterday about the strippers Yeah Listen, I was up in the shoes rendezvous one night in Mount Vernon Great hangout, right? Hello? You're listening to your guy I'm in there one night, me and my friend And this hot Puerto Rican girl gets on stage She's dancing, taking her dress off She's got this white nice G-string on Nice set of hooters on her, right? She turns around, she bends over Nice big red streak right down the middle It was disgusting Wow A little extra treat for your body Yeah, no more hooters from Otto Alright, you guys rule, man, take care Later, man Very funny Like Giuliani, I think he would make a good center He's very pro-New York He's got a great job, especially in New York It's very personal For such a big city The mayor is very involved with the communities And the people So when he makes a decision, it affects people directly Senators are a little more detached From their constituency So I don't think he'd be making As many enemies on a personal level In the Senate And then you get another mayor in there We'll see how that works We don't even know what the senators do down in Washington for us We'll hopefully come back with wheelbarrows full of money For the state That's pretty much it We have no idea what they do on a day-to-day basis They get hummers from pages That's what I hear Everything the mayor does, we read about it in the local papers It's very hands-on, very personal He's right there in the thick of it Senators, I think they delegate a lot of responsibility I think they It's a lot of schmoozing A lot more schmoozing than it is actual Hands-on work You're trying to bring back as much cash to your state as you can I just don't trust Hillary I don't think she would have it I don't think she'd have the best interest Of us, the New Yorkers She could probably get some cash back here But for what purpose? I don't trust her, though I think she's more worried about her own agenda She wants to be a senator So she could be a senator With Rudy, you know he probably really wants the job To have a legacy for himself To say, look what I did for New York And after he leaves his tenure in civil service He could look back and go Alright, people couldn't stand me But look what I did for the city and the state Hillary on the other hand wants to go How did I look? Look, I'm a senator Look at my resume I think she's more concerned with that Of course, she wants to be prez Please Oh my god She does, though She could probably get a hummer She could probably get a hummer in the Oval Office I wouldn't doubt she's got something swinging And it's just coming down Oh, they're going to phones again You know We haven't pitched in a while But it happens, and it'll help us out It's Y2K, help us out people We can't do a talk show if we don't have phones We need that connection with our listeners Yeah, please don't make us talk So much easier when the listeners do the show for us Isn't it? We got the biggest scam going in radio Hey, Opinenta, you're great Well, have you been listening? We haven't said anything X-Nay on the Amskay Biggest freaking scam going They're just not onto us yet Great, take another call I'm trading options Right Half the time our listeners are talking When they're going on for three or four minutes It's not because we're listening We're distracted with something on our laptops When you hear a caller And they're talking And then they pause and go, hello? Because we're not saying like, uh-huh, yeah We're doing something else And then we quickly go, no, we're listening to your story Little insight on the show Well, those guys are good listeners Yeah, no we're not They really pay attention Oh my God, 63 and three quarters cell That's funny And it's coming down, Puff Daddy has been Indicted on weapons charges Oh no, say it's not so Weapons charges? Now he's got Johnny Cochran Yeah, his own dream team They always talk about the dream team It's only Cochran And then this other guy, Benjamin Brathman Yeah, he's got, because they gotta have the white guy Any black guy that gets in trouble They get Johnny Cochran But then you need the obligatory white guy Usually it's that little wormy DNA guy Dershowitz? No, not Dershowitz Barry Sheck Barry Sheck Boy, his hair don't look too greasy Looks like he's got DNA in his hair Did that guy shower once during the O.J. trial? Jesus Christ Yeah, but he's got the Oreo team The black and white And Johnny Cochran Right there That's gotta cost a buck He's got the money Not for long though He's heading down the MC Hammer road You think so? Yeah, that's true He better watch that E true Hollywood story On MC Hammer He should get a copy of that And watch it every day But his album isn't doing as well as they thought Can't touch this Now he's in trouble, he's gonna have to pay a fortune to Johnny Cochran And his rhyming Can't afford this He bought a $10 million house And then he had his posse Like just drain him Like so many leeches MC Hammer And now Puffy, you're right, he's running down the same road You know The last album he put out Didn't sell as good, did it? He's gotta look out He should be watching his cash It's out now Alright, so we're looking forward to the Johnny Cochran rhymes Although I didn't say that, Opie did Puffy He's been known to break into places And just have people beat the crap out of people that bad mouth them Alright, we gotta play a little ditty From Airsick Productions Airsick.net If you wanna check out any of their stuff They got a little Puffy and Jennifer song here On the Opie and Anthony show W.W.W.W And now I hear that you're dissing me A pistol, I'm pissed off, what is my defense? You think I'd turn on you, cut myself a deal And turn states ever dead Busted for that night, oh When even though I was in harm Busted for that night, oh Now Pops thinks I'll do him harm Busted for that night, oh Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh 1027 W.A.W. The Rock of New York That's what we used to say, right, Ash? Oh yeah, I forgot. I didn't even bat an eye when you said it. I'll be honest, that was a slip. The Rock of New York. This place has been so many things, I'm surprised you don't slip more often. Love songs. Nothing but love songs. Classic rock with classic jocks. Okay. What are we now? Say we got it. We gotta do a monthly tribute to Scott, so... Okay, can you... Oh shoot, you know what? I know, I'm sorry. I'm gonna have to play it again. Hell yeah. Hold on, hold on. Oh, Samuel. I love that guy. Nothing funnier than an old man just like... Scotzo. Make no mistake about it, we love that guy. Scotzo. One of the only guys that was cool to us. And Scotzo proved himself to be a survival survivor. He's still on the airwaves in New York. God, you guys think we're lazy on our radio show. I would like to have his gig. Wow, he does one hour. One hour a day. Tune into the Scotzo Show tomorrow for our Beatles block and some ELO. That's all we got time for. And then Friday for British biscuits. And oops, that's all we got time for. Not even a big biscuit, a little one. I mean, we're supposed to do five hours. We usually do, what, four hours and 20 minutes, so that's not too bad. He does an hour. Yeah. And it's pre-recorded. Yeah. Oh well. Yeah, because if there was a nuclear war happening, all of a sudden one launched against our country, New York in flames, you'd hear Scotzo going, and now it's Fleetwood Mac. Because it was recorded. You wouldn't know. The next day it would be like, Holy Jiminy Cricket, a nuclear weapon. I want that gig. You think we'll ever last long enough to have the one hour gig? Well, no. What are you kidding? You've got to work what, like 50 years to get the one hour gig? He is at least still on New York radio. We will probably be relegated to CB Channel 4, I think. I don't care. Just be booted out of everything. Breaker Breaker, it's the ONA show. We're bitter and miserable and hate each other. We have alienated half the business so far. 50% of the stations out there will not hire us. That's scary. That sucks, huh? God forbid we get fired from here. Then it's pretty much down to maybe like 5% of the business will still hire us. We'll be doing farm reports in Nebraska. That's how consolidated this business is getting though. In the old days, you get fired, you piss off one station, one company. Nowadays you get fired, you piss off half the business. Yeah. It was strange because in the old days, if you got fired, it wasn't out of the ordinary to bring a lawsuit against your old company. It's like silly to do that now. Oh my God, especially since it's like Megacorp. We own everything. It's like where are you going to go? CB Channel 14. There you go. That's it. Or Internet Radio. The Radio Shack. Radio Shack. I'm in Radio Shack. Work down under the store. Peter. I don't. All right. I don't know how Puff Daddy got caught with that gun. Huh? I don't know how he got caught with that gun. Why didn't he just shove it up Jennifer Lopez's butt? They never would have found it. Really, right? Well, that's why more people didn't get hurt at the club though. They all hid behind that big ass. Where'd everybody go? I was trying to shoot someone. Really? Come on, Jennifer's ass. All right. Thank you. Take care. God damn. Hey, John, what's up? Hey, how you doing, O&A? What up? What's up, guys? Hey, listen, this guy Rudy. Well, first of all, how come you guys don't support corrections that often? I always hear you talking about cops. I'll tell you what. What about us, man? We don't know much about you guys. No, I hope if I could field this one, I will take this. All right. You know why we don't support you? Why? We get so many calls from the prisoners and from the sound of the background, it doesn't sound like you guys are doing squat. These guys are calling us up. They're all yelling. Kill him. Yeah, kill him. Kill him. We got some calls like that. In a prison, okay, let's get this straight. The city covers jails. The state covers prisons. All right? What are you? I'm a state CO. All right. I'm in a prison. All right? Now, how can you say you get calls from prisoners? That's impossible. In a state prison, the only way you can get calls from a prisoner is if you're on the phone with a police officer. That's impossible. How can you say you get calls from prisoners? That's impossible. In a state prison, the only way you can get calls from a prisoner is if you're on their calling list. Now, what do you guys want? Prisoners calling list. Yes. We must be. No, you can't be. It's got to be approved. We've gotten some calls from state prisons. Not state prisons. No way. What is Rikers? Rikers is a city jail. Okay. Well, we've gotten the Rikers call. What's that other one we get calls from? I don't know. I forgot. Essex something. Oh, that's in Jersey? Yeah. I don't know about Jersey, but anyway. Well, that's good enough for us, man. They scare the bejesus out of us. Kidding. We like you guys. Oh, yeah. Okay. Now, you say that now because I'm on the phone. I might be in the joint. Hey, man, if there was nobody to keep them in there, what would you do? You know what I mean? Figure it out. Opie and Anthony love everyone. It's the only way we're going to become number one. We love everyone. We love everyone. We love everyone. We love everyone. We love everyone. We love everyone. We love everyone. We love everyone. We love everyone. It's the only way we're going to become number one. We love everyone. Yes. But listen, Rudy's got to get in, man, because if he doesn't get in and runs for governor, see how he's shifting the cops? He's going to shift us even more. All right. Everyone's out for themselves. What? Everyone's out for themselves in this election. Not everyone. All you guys. Not everyone, but it'd be better if he went to be a senator because if he becomes governor, forget about him. He won't be governor. He'll be senator. He'll be senator. I think he'll be a good senator. You just got to hope that the mayor that gets in or anybody involved with the city has to hope that the next mayor that gets in here is a good one. Well, not for nothing, Ant. You could run against Hillary and get elected. All right, John, we got someone on line 11 that has a problem with you. Who is that? Chris. Chris. Yeah, ONA. Hey, you're on with John. What's up? Listen, do me a favor. Give this guy the train wreck because he's terrible. Correction officers are nothing but perps with guns. Who are you? Perps with guns? Wow. Who are you? I'm a cop. Where? Where are you a cop? I'm a cop in the city. All right, and what's the problem? I'm driving around right now working while you're probably sitting down eating a pizza or something doing absolutely nothing. Hey, not for nothing. Do you even know any state COs? Sure. You don't? Where do they work? The ones we lock up. Where do they work? State one? Out in the island? Out in the island? That's not a state CO. There is no state prison in Long Island. Oh, whatever. Come on. If you're going to debate something, know what you're talking about. You guys are security guards. That's all you are. Security guards. Okay. All right, Chris. Chris, thank you. I don't think Chris is for real there, John. Hold on a second. I don't know. I think he is. Well, I got a better one on line three. John, you're still there? I'm still there. I'm still there. I'm still there. I'm still there. I'm still there. I'm still there. I'm still there. I'm still there. I'm still there. I'm still there. All right, we got a guy in jail that wants to talk to you. A guy in jail? Yeah. These are always the best. Vinny! You! You're in jail? Yeah, man. What are you in jail for? Arson. Arson? Arson. What, are you a fire bug? Or are you going for insurance money? Where are you in jail? Where am I in jail? Monmouth County. Where? Monmouth County. Putnam County? Monmouth County. God damn. Where the hell is that? Monmouth County. No, Long Branch and everything. Where are you a COF? What prison are you in? I'm in Monmouth County, getting ready to get your transfer down to, uh... Oh, Monmouth County. You're in Jersey? Yeah. Oh, yeah, they got payphones in county jails. Yeah. That's because a county jail is either a holding facility. It's not, he's not sentenced for this guy. I have no sense. You are sentenced? I have sense. So what are you, a waiting transfer? Yes, sir. Okay, see? Where are you a COF? The guy was talking to him like he's running him. I'm a COF. Like he owns him. Where you? What are you doing? CO in New York State. Why? Hey, Vinny, Vinny. What? John, let me talk to Vinny a minute. Vinny, what did you burn down? A liquor store. Why? I don't know. We got a joint. I had no minute to do it. What? Shut your mouth. They wouldn't sell you liquor? What? Yeah, right? And you burnt it down? Yeah, man. What happened? Let me know. I don't know. We just got drunk and made a mistake. You know, what could I do? But I got a good deal. It was only, it got a four flat. We're $500,000 fine. I'm a COF. I'm a COF. We're a $500,000 fine. Look at this. $500,000 fine. And you burnt the place down? What did you do? Just throw a bottle of gas in there? Pour gas on it. And the people who did it with me, man, turned to evidence and razzed me out. That sucks, right? You're gonna collect the $500,000 because you're a monk. The COs down here are garbage, man. They're with the rest of them all over, man. They're fairies, man. They're not only taking sexual... So you're saying they take sexual favors from the inmates. I don't know about it, but I'm saying they're punks just like some of the fairies. They're not just saying they're punks. They're not just saying they're punks. They're punks. You guys are awesome. All right, Vinnie, thank you. And look who you're talking to. Look who you're talking to, a convicted felon. The guy's a monk. Well, this guy, Jeff, is a former convict. Jeff? Hey, what's up, O and A? You got words for John? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? Hey, what's up, O and A? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Philip Hal wied, a h at very in in the in Yo, what's up guys? You're on with John. Hey, John. What's up? Hey, you guys are a bunch of Barney Fipes with a single bullet. And who are you? And you don't need to know who I am. Oh, here we go. Nobody wants to identify themselves, man. Well, wouldn't you fail a post office test? Identify yourself. Where do you pick up your block of cheese? Who are you? You don't need to know who I am. Why not? Why, you want to write me a love letter, you fag? Why not identify yourself? You know, back yourself up, man. Oh, back myself up into what? Into you? See, you're probably just another mope. Spell it. You don't know how? Oh, I stumped you, huh? What, do you hang out with old dirty? Yeah, no, that is a real mope. Okay. Hey, don't you be dissing our pals. Well, I like old dirty. Nah, for not knowing, eh? He's the best, he's the best skill we know. He's the best skill you know. Hey, speaking of old dirty, he's on the warm line. Joe, I'm going to let you go, right? All right, man. Peace. He's on the wire? Hold on a sec. Joe, if you're still listening, great freaking job. That was very funny. Wow, he's pretty funny. Uh, John. Yeah. Old dirty. Yeah. Hey. What the F is a mope? You're a mope. Mope these nuts, you punk ass. You get $3 an hour. You get $3 an hour. You get $3 an hour. Pussy. What? You're a pussy. Shut up. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. You're a pussy. Out of here. My man, I ain't going to jail cause I don't play myself to be a grad star, I am not a criminal. You don't play yourself. I'm here man. It's my education. The best thing to do was get a job as a CEO. Big deal bro. You're usually is a pussy. You're a pussy bro. I ain't never gone to Attica! That's right, I'm not going to Attica! You're locked up every day! That's why you got the attitude you got! You are locked up for over a hundred days! You're locked up just like that! Shut up! Shut up! You're a pussy, man! Daddy's talking, shut up! Daddy's talking to me too, man! Calling me a muck! You don't even know me! You don't even know me! I don't need to know you! I saw Attica on the radio, man! You don't even know me, man! All I gotta see is you're not on the radio! What the hell do you think you are? Because you are CEO! What are you, Gunnipoof? You don't even step with that punk! You need to step, man! You need to step! That's my word! Look at this guy, man! Yo, yo, ONA, man, pardon me, man! I'm not even going to get to this guy's level, man! I'm not even going to get to this guy's level, man! I'm not even going to go there! I'm trying to get to CEO! All right, old dirty! Hey, old dirty! If you put that kind of energy into getting a job, you'd be the president of the IBM! There you go, man! Old dirty wants to be a gangster! What happened? Old dirty wants to be a gangster! I ain't no gangster! I don't walk in as a gangster! I don't play myself as a gangster! Okay, I never led that life, my man! I never led that life, my man! You're talking to an intelligent fraud, man! You're talking to an intelligent fraud, man, CEO! You keep talking! Ah, shut up! That's true! Old dirty, I gotta move on. There's a bunch of other guys who want a piece of job. Maybe you should get a job, man! Yo, you know what? Maybe you should get a life! I got a life! All right, CEO! All right, go be unlocked on tomorrow! Pussy! Oh, young up! Old dirty, where'd he get that? He never gets that piss off! Hold on, let's put you on with a couple more here. I want a piece of you. Do I get paid for this or what? Hell no! Like we said, you guys do the show for us. We sit back and get all the credit. There you go, you're on E-Trade. Who's on the line with John? Who's the other guy? After I was actually... Yo! You're a former convict! No doubt, no doubt. Everybody who's talking about New York City jails, they all funtin'. Old dirty and everybody else is frontin' because, let me tell you, up in the island, I know mad CEOs, I was locked up. And they be putting it on people who get out of line. Where were you locked up? I was on the island, I was in C-74 and I was in HVM. Were you ever a state prisoner? Oh yes, I did time in South Hampton State Penitentiary. Where the hell is that? South Hampton, North Carolina. I thought they had a prison out in the Hamptons, in Long Island. I swear to God, I am not getting my campion. Before lockdown, what is this? Loving, loving, where's my domber in your arms? In the state penitentiary, people have it good. You get locked up and you go into the state penitentiary and they look at you and you're on that rah rah stuff and they be like, oh you must be from Rikers Island. And they just put it on you. They don't go for that stuff. People are just selling down, doing their time. But all that crap people talking, you get locked up. You get locked up in New York City. You come out your mouth, even the littlest bit that you think you're hard or killer, and those CO's will put you in a cell and put it on you. They will whip your ass like they would do tomorrow. Hey, don't get sent up to Clinton. I know you right now. Clinton is selling for real. Is that a congressman on the phone? No, no, no, it's John Amore in New York. What's the CO's name? John, John, I hear you talking. Everybody else is selling dreams on the radio. You get going from the island and see what happens. Alright, I gotta cut you off because we got Congressman Ackerman on the line. Alright, you guys suck. Really? I wanna talk to him. Alright, hold on a sec. Let's add some respectability to this show. Congressman Ackerman. Listen, I was listening to your congressional oratory. Is that what the CO's are all about? It sounded like a congressional debate to me. I figured I had to get into this. Thank you for the Christmas card, sir. You're quite welcome. He signed it himself and everything. In person, in person. I was amazed. I was trying to get to Hooters, you know. Except one of the CO's stopped me. He ran a light. He dragged my ass down and he said, how'd you like to go to Clinton? I said, I'm supporting him. Not only is he a congressman, he's a comedian on the side, Anthony. I see that. We're gonna put John with John the state cop, alright? Put me on with John. Alright, John? You're on with Congressman Ackerman. Is this really Congressman Ackerman? Hey John, really Congressman Ackerman? Did you not stop me saying I was doing 68 in the 65 zone? No. You guys do a great job, by the way. I just wanna tell you that. There's a lot of stuff we need, man. I know you need, but you know what they say, John? What do I say? You suck. No, no, it really is. He calls our show all the time, yeah. It really is. The only thing you can help us with though is federal legislation and that really is not gonna do much for the state prisons. No. Well, you know, one of the things we do is we try to set the pay grade right for the federal prisons. And that helps the state. Well, no, it raises the bar. We need either a state senator or an assemblyman. Oh, you got one in every... I used to be a state senator. It did. Where's your friend? This is the first. Training a congressman. I know. Who's that? Senator Nozzolio. Nozzolio. Come on. Oh, God, that had to hurt. You can't train a congressman? I call him as I see him. The only politician that likes our show, you idiot. He'll understand. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I still understand. All of a sudden we were on Meet the Friggin' Press. Jesus Christ. A double training, that was. That was classic. Right at the end, the guy caught on. He's like, oh, no. Not enough time to get off the track. Like when Wile E. Coyote just pulled the shades down in a dynamite shack. Oh, no. Oh, no. All right. Let's take a break. All right. We'll be back. Dudes with dudes. I think every time we open our mouths, we're pissing someone off. Both of you, come with me. We're out of control. We're so lucky. All right, knock it off. 1027 WNEW. God, I just figured it out, Anthony. I swear to God, I thought I was going crazy. Because after the show yesterday, I'm on the subway. And I'm singing, and I'm thinking to myself, why is this stupid song stuck in my head? I don't like Chicago. Maybe you're listening to Classic Q. And then on the way into work on the subway again, it popped in. And I'm just humming it to myself, like, why am I such a fan? It's that damn commercial. We don't even listen to the commercials on the show because we're too busy doing stuff. But I guess subliminally, they're popping into our eardrum. Could someone mark where Obe just yelled that? Why am I such a fag? On the dad, and we could just put that in something. Holy crap. Why am I such a fag? I'm reading about Puffy and John Rocker this morning, and I'm just going, I'm like, why am I freaking home on this damn thing? Nissan, bravo, good job. Hey, look at that, you even knew the company. You remember the product even, so I guess they're doing something right. My spiny son. Hey, congratulations to the Simpsons. Ten years in running. Ten years. Absolutely amazing on that. Started out on that lousy Tracy Ullman show. Yep, with the bad drawings and stuff. Yeah, you see the way they looked originally? Don't look like that anymore. We're in the middle of a commercial break here. Oh, we are. I thought that was a short break. Stacker 2. Yes. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Anthony, what can you tell us about Stacker 2? Well, if you pack the pounds on for the holidays, it's winter, you're wearing heavier clothes and stuff, you tend to add a few pounds to your frame. Well, what happens when the warm weather starts? You've got to take that off. You'll be fat, unattractive in our looks-oriented society. John's calling back. He just got trained. Hold on a second. John. What? What did you say when you realized the train was just about to smash you? Do you want to know something? I'm in my car going home. Yeah. I'm in a lot of traffic. I didn't even realize it was a train. I heard all the horns that caught up with the cars. I'm right next to the railroad too on Sunrise Highway. I think he thought he was going to get stuck by a crossing because he's like, oh no. Yeah, you said, oh no or something. Was that really Gary Ackerman? Yes. He calls us all the time. He loves the show. He sends us notes from time to time. He'll understand why we trained. I hope so. He likes the show. We love Tiger Smith Ackerman. He sent us a Christmas card. Oh, he's a good guy. Yeah. No doubt. All right, John, we're going to let you go. All right, man. Listen, tell Spaz, don't ever go to state prison because he's going to be in a lot of trouble. Okay, good. All right. Thank you. Later. In the middle of our Stack or Two. Yeah. Well, I'm ready to hear it. You packed on some pounds. When you start taking those clothes off, you're going to be fat. Start now. Stack or Two. Yeah, if you want to get ready for spring, you don't wait until March or April. You do it now. It's too late. Do it now. Be all plump and everything and people go, oh, what happened? Yeah, Stack or Two can help you out. They do, it does three things. It's the world's strongest fat burn. So it burns the fat, gives you a boost of energy, it's the best way to lose weight. It's the best way to lose weight. It's the best way to lose weight. That's what it adds up to. Check out Stack or Two, the world's strongest fat burner at www.stackertwo.com. That's stackertwo.com or give them a call, 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E for Stack or Two, the world's strongest fat burner. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I think that is a compliment! That is a compliment, sweetie! That is a compliment! I think that is a compliment! See, old dirty uses characters, like Mr. Hy precipitation rice. Alright, D. Okay, thank you. Bye. Hi, Old Dirty, want to go round two or what? It's waiting for me. Well, I'm under one rowanieiri right now, man. Round two with John? What'd he say? Johneline, he's back on the phone?! Oh, no! Oh, he's an upstanding citizen! Oh, here we go again, you what? Listen, listen, let's roll the tape, babe. I never said this one gets whacked and that one gets whacked. I wasn't talking about if you go up to Clinton that the COs are going to beat you. You said that to the step-hires. And the prisoners are going to beat your ass. Yeah, all right. That's right. All right. That's right. Because you are a punk, man. I'm not a criminal. Yeah, all right, whatever. I'm not even going to get to your level, bro. I go out and I do my job. I'm not even going to get to your level, kid. Whatever you want to say. Yeah, but don't let the old age say that now you're worse than the man that you say. I didn't say anything that you didn't say or lead on to say. No, you didn't. No, I didn't. You said, oh, we're going to whack this one and whack that one. That's not what this job is all about. Well, then explain yourself. All right. You didn't come off sounding like any different than what you were making yourself out to be. Hey, roll the tape, man. Roll the tape. I never said that. Come on, man. We were out of this, man. There's no attitude. I never said that. No, there's no attitude. Yeah, all right. You've got to have an attitude. Listen, you think you're so bad. No, I don't think I'm anything. Why don't we go out and get a chip? No, my man, I don't think I'm nothing. Oh yeah, look at him burn. Come on, old dirty will understand. What happened? I love that one. That's a great one. All in the air strike. Oh, too funny. Hey, we gotta play that Psycho Mark thing again, the montage. Oh, right. I think we've had enough with the COs, the COPs, the ODs, the congressmen. OBGYNs. We're gonna get back to gas. Oh boy. All right, we gotta take a quick break. We're running late. We're going there? All right. The Psycho Mark song, Anthony. Or montage, I should say, from yesterday. We got channel two news on. There's Mark. There's Mark. The hugest wows I've ever seen. We got channel two news on. There's Mark. There's Mark. The hugest wows I've ever seen. This is like interactive TV. Hey, guys, it's a huge wows on. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. We're gonna get going. We're gonna get going. We're gonna get going. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. How do we get out of there? What happened, Mark? You look like a stock raving lunatic. You look like a soccer-giving lunatic. That was classic. You boys can't be doing that. What the hell, you boys, did you interrupt in our own news broadcast? God, thanks. You know we're going to get in trouble by the company again. Yeah, I know. Take on my heart. Chance, whip him out. Whip him out. Whip him out! Whip him out! Whip him out! Whip him out! Whip him out! Whip him out! Whip him out! Whip him out! Whip him out! Marsha Clarence is very mad at me. You tell her go to hardboss. No, I'm not. I'm just hanging out. If you think you should be in line for your job, I should be in line to be Marsha. I almost pissed in my pants. That was the funniest thing I've seen in a very, very long time. Mark, I got one question for you. Yeah. How do you walk around with that set, you guys? What do you like, walk around like John Wayne, Sway, Mike? Yeah, I just want to know, guys, when is the farewell show going to be? That's why you got to listen every day. This could be it right here today. You never know. Is this the best radio you guys can come up with? 1027 WNEW. It's Opie and Anthony. 212-757-1027. Take a couple calls here real fast. John, what's up? Hey, John. Hello. What's up? You're on the air, man. So I just want to tell you guys that that napalm bit was beautiful, yo. I never heard you guys do that one before. The air strike is... Oh, the air strike. Oh, I love the air strike. A lot of people getting used to the train, so we figure we're going to have to come up with a few more things that'll cut the conversation a little short. Oh, it was great. The next one we got to get at is a crane falling. Crane falling on someone's head. That could be funny with the squeaking metal and stuff. Yeah. All right, John. All right, thanks. Oh, and I want to tell that pig, that pig John, to get a real job, that pussy. All right, thank you. All right, bye. Stalker Patty on the line, Anthony. Hello, Patty. Hi, how are you guys? Very good. How are you today? I'm fine. How are you? Very well. What are you doing here, Patty? Well, I'm at home sitting. I just wanted to call in and congratulate Psycho Mark. He really outdid himself yesterday. Oh, another love interest, Patty? No. I thought maybe you went into Psycho Mark now. I know you want to keep on me. You have something in common, the psycho thing. I'm not psycho. I wouldn't have the nerve to do what he did, but that was funny. I was on the bus going home and I was laughing and people were like looking at me, but I couldn't help it. I just burst out laughing. I bet they see that a lot. Oh, no, they don't. Hey, Patty? Yes. When was the last time you pleasured yourself? You're real funny, Opie. You're such comedians. Really funny. So when was it? Oh, stop it. You're embarrassing me. Anyway, I like the newest effect with the air strike. It's better than the train. Don't worry about it. I'm going to go get some air. I'm going to go get some air. I'm going to go get some air. I'm going to go get some air. I'm going to go get some air. That is in the train. Don't worry. You'll never get that, Patty. I hope not. You can stay on as long as you like. Okay. Anyway, that's all I could say. You should get an award or something for that brilliant performance. It was terrific. All right, stalker Patty. You're going to hang up in a good mood, right? Yes, I'm always in a good mood. Good. We like keeping you happy. I am happy. I just want to keep you as happy as possible until all the... What? Until all the home security equipment is in place. Excuse me? Oh, nothing. You guys are funny. The Sloman Shield protecting against Patty. All right. Very funny, Anthony. You're a comedian. Uh-oh. Was I funny too, Patty? Yes. Okay. Okay. Okay, Patty. All right. Bye. Bye. Bye. Okay. Have a good day. Bye-bye. You too. Bye-bye. All right. There she goes, Patty. Brian! What's up, man? What's up? I got a good new sound effect for you. Okay. Stampede. That might be good, like starting off in the distance. Big stampede. Write that one down, Ben. That could be good. It just kind of runs over whoever is in the way. That's very good. All right, Brian. All right, later. Thank you. And who left the cows out of the pano? I think it's Charlie. Have we played that yet today? I don't have my computer with me. That's right. Well, Ben Stein got robbed. What? Game show host Ben Stein was held up recently in front of his Beverly Hills home, Anthony. Two men approached him outside his home. One was carrying a gun. They demanded money and jewelry. Steal Ben Stein's money. If you could guess what's in my pants. That's right. A big load of crap. I'm scared. And Ben Stein gladly gave the robbers the money, Anthony. Here you go. Scurry away now. Wow. Robbed. Yeah. Did they catch the guys? Nope. In Beverly Hills? Beverly Hills, yes. Wow, they're robbing people in front of their houses in Beverly Hills. That's scary. Wow. Stein even offered his vehicle. What is he, a dope? Take my car. I don't need it. Anyone? Anyone? Fueller? Fueller? Anyone? Anyone? They stuck this type of weapon in my ribs. Anyone? Anyone? Anyone? A gun in my ribs and asked for my, my, anyone? Anyone? Money? Money and jewelry, yes. I offered them this thing. Anyone? Anyone? Anyone? I offered them this thing. Anyone? Form of transportation. Anyone? My car. They declined to take it and escaped on anyone. How did they escape? Anyone? Buehler? Buehler? Anyone? On foot? Escaped on foot. There you have it. It was great in that movie. Steal Ben Stein's money. I think we've done enough show today. Let's get out of here. Why? Why not? I mean, I do have to get out of here promptly at the end of the show. Yeah, you have to go see Adam Farrar tonight. Adam Farrar tonight and Friday, Saturday and Sunday at Governor's in Levertown. I'm going tonight. I want to see my pal. Hallelujah. Yeah. We've got to play the other rock song. Yeah, we've got a few from Airsick Productions. Airsick. These guys, they can pump them out, can't they? Yeah, they pump out songs about some of the things we do on the show, like on a weekly basis. And if you want to check out any of their stuff, it's airsick.net, Anthony. And they got a song on here called The Hypocrite Rock. The Hypocrite Rock. Right. I like the one we played earlier. Yeah, that's a pretty good one. The Rock's a pussy. That was pretty fun. I haven't heard this one yet, so let's check it out together, okay? It's the gang from Airsick Productions. Everyone was talking about The Rock leaving our show last week. The Rock says. And they wrote a little ditty about him. Here it is. In the beginning, the rock was fun. But before the show was done, Sick Boy had changed the rock's tone. And he really pissed off this happy Simone. The way he left was a real big shock. With tears running down the face of the rock. Everybody thinks this whole thing's a crock. But you must remember, he's dumber than mankind's stock. Well, the Rock went weeping because of a dresslin' and something got The Rock peeped. Someone had to tell him about it, cause I doubt The Rock can read. Oh, it's like you fooled us, that ain't no can. You look like a cro-med-in man. But you, hypocrite Rock, you have lost some fans. What the hell? What, what, what, what, what? What, what, what, what, what? Oh, baby, I don't have any. We punish ignorance. Hey, ass, turn down your radio. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. Quick musical break. Some days we play more music than others, right, Anthony? Yeah, we've been having a lot of fun today. I think so too. Yeah, Toadies, Possum Kingdom, from the Rubberneck CD, Nine Inch Nails before that. Head Like a Hole. Um, oh, hold on. Mikey? Hey guys. Hey, hey. It's Mike from Woodhaven, how are ya? You're a little pissed off at Andrew the Angry. I had a pretty smart ass comment from a losing team, but we'll give them this. The same guy that's probably cleaning those piss-sane sheets is picking up the drool from Ralph Klein's lip. They got guys in there that have to wear bibs when they work around them. Oh, wow. Got them. How you boys doing, all right? Yeah, we're hanging out. You want to go over there tonight? Uh, it's going to be there. Yeah, I'm going to go. Hey, I went to Billy Deans recently. The place is sick. Billy Deans? Didn't that used to be a male dance, make a dance club? No, no. Billy Deans. That was there on Monday nights. Why, what is it on Monday? No, on the weekends it's shaving cream wrestling. It's sick. Six foot women with shaving cream. Oh, yeah. All right, rock. That never gets old, huh, Mike? No. What's the year you go? You know, you throw your money in and you go home poor. Yeah. All right. Good smile. Cool. Be cool, guys. Thank you. Talk to you soon. We've done a pretty good job. John Rocker all over the news. Yeah. Now he's apologizing. Yadda doodly. They cleaned him up. Yeah, I like this boy. He says something stupid and apologizes like the Grease Man joke. Remember the Grease Man when I said they ought to drag him behind trucks? No wonder they drag him, but what the hell did the Grease Man say? No wonder they dragged him behind trucks. I don't even want to repeat what you said. Slick and lead, yadda doodly, bone dry, bone dry, yeah. Well, he's on his apology tour now. They cleaned him up. They parted his hair. That's what the Grease Man did. He leaned up onto the apology tour. I went to all the black people and said, I'm sorry. The Grease Man's very sorry, yeah. Waddle doodle. Offered him a bone dry martini, snarling, yeah. Waddle doodle. I hear the Mets added D-Cell Battery Day for this upcoming season. Oh, yeah. You think when this guy's ever going to be able to, and not even New York, just like any stadium, step in there without getting razed, he's going to have a nightmare year. Yeah, it'll be fun to watch. It will be fun. D-Cell Battery Day. I think it's going to be 12-volt Interstate car battery day. You just see big 12-volt truck batteries flying out. Get that blue launcher that you see at Jones Beach, the poof. Frank. Yo. What's up? Listen, dude, I was listening to some of the radio station this morning, and Shane McMahon was on. He was? Yeah, they had him on for a little bit. What station had Shane on? You can't curse. Huh? You can't curse. Don't say the S-word. I'm sorry, dude. What station had Shane on? KTU. Oh, KTU. I don't know. The guy in the truck listened to it. I don't listen to it. But I heard him on, so I wanted to call and ask him what happened with the rock the other day with you guys. Yeah. And they dumped right out of it. They didn't want to talk about it. What, you were on the air? Yeah, man. I was on for a few minutes, and then they dumped right out of it, and they said they lost me. No, it's weird. I'm going to lose you guys, because I'm on the calling cards. All right, Frank, thank you. No problem, man. No, it's weird. WWF hasn't even called us. Yeah. It hasn't even given us the courtesy of a phone call to discuss what happened last week. I'm feeling a bit jilted by them. I mean, they're obviously pissed, and they have every right to be. I'm not going to lie. But we're also pissed. Why? Huh? Why? Because they feel like, you know, that... I don't know why to be honest. They have no right to be pissed at us. But they are pissed. Yeah, they are pissed. We're pissed. Well, call up and talk about it, like human beings, like civil humans. We could talk with them. We had a good relationship with them. I don't think one little episode with the rock is going to ruin our relationship with them. I don't know. I mean, when we went on vacation, he put at least four calls into the head office. No one will call us back. Oh, after they wrote about us in their little magazine and everything. At least we got our article out of the way. Yeah. Usually we screw things up before things come out. And we wreck it, like our CD and stuff. Like everything. Like everything. The January issue of Raw Magazine, we're in it. But, um... We care. I want everybody that goes to the Royal Rumble, which is at the Garden, live pay-per-view, it's going to be televised live, to bring Opie and Anthony rock signs. Use your own imagination. But they should just tear the rock a new a-hole. How are you... Hey, hey, suck any more fat out of your baloney boobs, rock. Things like that. He had liposuction, you know. He had man breasts. Yeah. But... That's because he's Samoan, Opie. You know how all Samoans have those big man breasts. Why? Why? I thought Shane would, like, you know, be cool enough to at least call us. I don't know. Obviously there's a problem if Shane's going on, like, KTU and he's blowing us off in the afternoon. Maybe we're on the outs. We're obviously on the outs, but... Obviously. Give us the courtesy of a call. Is it like wrestling, though? That we're on the outs, or is it real life? I think it's real life. Oh. I was hoping it was just like wrestling. You think this is like a four-month bit? Yeah, we're enemies now. We're enemies, and then all of a sudden they're going to call and go, Ah, it's alright, man. We'll help you out. We'll team up with Triple H. I have Opie and Anthony. You know. You know, I haven't watched wrestling since that. Really? Yeah, and it's like... I find it hard to watch The Rock. Because he's such a douchebag. Yeah. I must say, though... God, he's such a douche, man. He wrecked it. He wrecked it, yeah. We saw Superman without his cape, and it wasn't fun. Yeah. We saw the man behind the curtain. And it was just... So now it's like whatever he says, like, oh, whatever. Yeah, whatever. And he's such a huge storyline now. Like, right after he did that, he became like the storyline. He's the head of... Like, all the wrestlers got together against Triple H and Stephanie and named Rock as their spokesman. So they all come out, go around the ring, and The Rock gets inside and starts like bashing Triple H and Stephanie and making demands of his own. So I got to sit down and watch, and I'm like, Oh, it's The Rock, The Croc. Yeah. If he was the chicken, he'd be The Croc, because he's like a male. You know, he'd be a rooster. Hey, Ed? AOL is doing well after hours trading. Hey, were you listening to me? No, not at all. I could care less. Okay. Until someone gives me an explanation, I could care less. Oh, my God. Let me see what they're doing. Wow. Mikey! You tool. Shut up. What? I don't know. What did you say? Nothing. You know, I'm talking here. I know you're talking. And you're trading. Just getting it back from the other day. Oh, okay. Mike? Yeah? What's up? What's going on, guys? Not much. Cool. Hey, listen, there's about 46 of us going to the Continental Airline Arenas on Sunday to see the show. Yeah. The WWF show. And my father's got this huge Winnebago. So me and my brother are going to be a cool idea since WWF is always talking about who's screwing who. We're going to have a big banner on the Winnebago on the one side saying, The Rock screwed Opie and Anthony. We're going to be protesting inside the arena with signs. So it'll be pretty cool if you guys can see that. Okay. So I'm going to go ahead and get started. Okay. We're going to have a big tailgating party. You guys are more than welcome. I'm sure a lot of your fans will come out and support us. We had tickets for both events not going. We have tickets to the grand opening of the restaurant not going. I mean, it's pretty douchey with these guys, what he did to you. I don't know if it's the owners or what, but I mean. Well, at least call us and say, Hey, we hate you now. Whatever. That's cool. Hey, screw that. I'm still going to the opening. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, it's a good thing. I mean, it's a good thing. I mean, it's a good thing. I mean, it's a good thing. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. I mean, basically, they're putting it on your hand. Screw it. You're right. We're looking at wind chills 20 below. It was a non-event today, though, but they were out in full force reporting on the snow that most of us didn't even get. I don't think we'll get any snow this year. I'm willing to say that. None. Boy, that's a stretch. That's what happened last year. Nothing. No, last year we got something. I remember driving on it like something. Right before St. Patty's Day last year, right? Yeah. But I mean, I don't think we'll get anything. It's really dry. I'm looking forward to some snow, a little bit. I just want to four-wheel around a little bit, get some slush puddles on some of these pain in the ass pedestrians. God, that's fun. Oh, is that fun? They're just standing at the bus stop, big slush puddle. Take that home with you. Why can't I hope you watch wrestling? I don't know. Nick. Hey, Nick. Yeah? What's up? I was just wondering, Opie, why can't you watch wrestling, man? I mean, it's all right to be pissed off at the rock and all. Because I'm a baby. I was dissed and now I'm being a baby about it, obviously. Well, obviously, but can't you just turn the TV off when the rock comes on or something? You've got the whole show. I know why. They're trying to turn it into that. Sucks. The rock's everywhere. Yeah. I never thought I'd say bring back Stone Cold so fast. Like he was getting a little old to make, you know, the whole act and stuff. But now it's just like, please, get rock out of the picture. Put him back with where he was when he was with the nation of domination, just like a nobody. Oh, the rock says, shut up. Yeah, well, I'm going to the Rumble. Any particular signs you really want to see? I'd do anything to it. Well, the rock takes it in the keister. We're looking for the rock signs. Yeah. For the Royal Rumble at the Garden. Yeah, that keister thing. Want me to do it? You guys couldn't make us laugh really hard. It's up to you. Yeah. Something, though, it's got to be something with our show, something that has to do with our show so we know it's legit. Right. All right. Cool. All right, man. Thanks. Bye. All right. Let's take a break, Anthony. All right. If Shane wants to call us, I know he's in town. That would be nice. Yeah, that'll happen. Not. One oh two seven WNEW. It's Opie and Anthony. Let's go right back to the phones. Lee, you're next on the program. What's going on, man? How you doing, man? I'm good. What's going on? I'm riding on the LIE. They're salting the LIE. Yeah, you guys got to actually be careful out there. It's all turning ties. All right. They're beautiful. They are? They're beautiful. They're dry. They're salting. Watch out for that black ice. These guys are out of their minds. All right. We're spending our money. All right, Lee. Thank you. All right, bro. Peace. All right. Cynthia, you're next. What's going on? Cynthia. Oh, it's you. All right. What's going on? Cynthia. Oh, we lost Cynthia? All right. I want to ruin my relationship. How do we do that? Got to go to that call. Mark, you're next. Huckle and Jekyll. What's up, dude? What's up? Listen, man. How did we wreck your relationship? I'm going to tell you right now. Okay. You know how you have that Hummer Tuesday thing? Yeah. So I was going out with this girl for six months. She never, never, you know, how can I say it on the radio, would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. She would go downtown. I'm sorry, man. You guys are great, man. Thank you. Take it easy. Got to say hi to all the new members of the Tuesday Night Hammer Club, Anthony. Yes. Punch up. I've been checking in the last couple days. Yeah. People love it. All right. There's really not much going on the phone, so what we're going to do is we're going to clear the lines and we're going to come back with a quick game of what did we learn on the Opie and Anthony Show today, okay? Yes. 212-757-1027. Two quick songs and we'll do that. Stay there. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. WNEW. What did you learn on the Opie and Anthony Show today? I learned that Danny Glover can't get a pizza neither. Okay guys, don't nickname me or my family. TKN.50mags.com later. Alright, bye. Two very obscure... Yeah, thank you. I am really tired. I am really tired. Andrew? Yo, I learned that Rock had more plastic surgery than Michael Jackson. Have a good one guys. Alright, bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Alright, bye. Mike, you're next. What did you learn on the Opie and Anthony Show today? I learned that the WWF and Hillary Clinton both suck and give the rusty trombone even though Bill plays the saxophone. Alright, thank you. Chris, you're next. Hey, how you doing? Opie and Anthony. This is Chris from the New York City Cops. Alright. The only thing you learned today is that all COs are a bunch of perps with guns. Yeah, perps with guns. Very good. That's a good one. Alright, take care. Brian, you're next. What's going on? Hey, today, ONA, I learned today that Old Dirty really needs a job because he was fighting with that CO way too long. Yeah. Alright, thank you. Thank you, man. Hey, Matt, you're next. What did you learn on the Opie and Anthony Show today? Yo, what's up? I just want to say that this in the Rock was the best ratings point since Wow. Oh, really? Yeah. Think about it. You're getting so much publicity right now. It's ridiculous. That's cool. Good stuff. Alright, thank you. Anthony, where are you going? Anthony has his coat on, his laptop is packed away. I'm out of here. You're leaving? You can finish, right? Yeah, I can finish. You did three days by yourself. I think I could do six minutes. Can you? Yeah. Yeah, I'm going. Where are your crabs? I see Adam, my pal. He's going to be at Governor's all weekend, starting tonight. Adam Ferrara. Adam Ferrara. He's hysterical. Okay. I'll see him, but leave me alone tonight. Don't annoy me. I'm kidding. You've changed. I'm so kidding. Who's the jerk off at the bar after every show I go to over there talking with people? Me. You. Of course. Adam never, or Opie never shows up. At least you go out. I don't even go out. I like that. I should go. You should. I'm tired tonight. I'll go like some, maybe Sunday night would be a perfect night. I'm very tired lately. I've been, I had that flu. Now you're tired. I'm fine. Oh. I'm about to big A. What's going on? A. HIV's kicking in. Look at the weight loss on me. Gives new meaning to the AIDS diet plan, right? All right, Ed. Get the hell out of here. All right, man. Say hi to Ann at Governor's. She's not performing. He's just watching. His buddy Adam Ferrara. Take it out. Drink some beers. There you go. All right. Later. All right, Jack. You're next on the program. What did you learn on the show today? I got two things real quick. Yeah. When old Daddy was away, something very strange happened to him. Remember those 32 days? Oh, yeah. And then second, if I ever go away, I'm not going to let a CO nipstate me or my kid. All right. Very good, Jack. Thank you. He really left. He's gone. Hey, Mark. Yeah. What did you learn on the show today? I learned that Letterman's got to take off his skirt. Yeah. And maybe he can hang out with some of the pansy COs out there. Very good. Later. All right. Mike, you're next. What did you learn on the show today? Hey. Hey. Hey, I learned the rock and Jericho are a couple and the rock's a pussy. All right. Very good. You're gay. Thank you. I know it. All right. Thank you. All right. Bye. Frank, you're next. What did you learn on the show today? Hey, Frank. Yes, sir. What's up? Hey, I learned that I shouldn't listen to you guys when I have a stomach virus. Why? Yesterday when we saw a cycle mark on TV, I squirted in my drawers and my wife busted me. Very good. Yeah. Check it out. My friend calls me up today. He says, listen, come over. I got a tape of this thing with cycle mark. Yeah. It's like a bloopers tape. Yeah. The first one is cycle mark. I'm dying. I'm sitting on his couch. I'm laughing my head off. The second thing that's on there is the guy with the 18 inch dildo without Roker and the guy proposed. Oh, beautiful. The best tape I ever saw in my life. Yeah. We were talking about that incident yesterday. It's the funniest thing. I would love to send it to you. Wait. So he has a copy of the whole cycle mark thing? The whole cycle mark thing. Yeah. And then he cuts right to the out that the out roll could build up. Wow. Could you bring that tape in? I will certainly do that. You guys can personally come in. Hold on the line. Ben's going to talk to you. You come in with the tape, hang out, check out the show a little bit and we'll give you guys some prizes. Cool. I'm serious. Hold on the line. All right. Thanks. Yeah. Get the, get his info. Line. What line was I just saw? 10. All right. Chris, you're next. What did you learn on the show today? Yo, man, I learned that John Rocker is the biggest a-hole in the world. I learned that. I learned that. I learned that. I learned that. I learned that John Rocker is the biggest a-hole. You know, he couldn't apologize for nothing. Apologize. Apologize. Born to be. All right. Hey, Matt. Hey. Hey, what did you learn on the show today? I learned that a day later, Psycho Mark is still funny. Still funny, huh? I think we're going to end with the Psycho Mark montage one last time and then we'll, We'll bury that for a while. All right. Thank you, man. All right. Peace. Bye. I think we're just about done. Blame relationship. Yeah, this is a good one too. Hey, Beth. Yeah. What did you learn on the show today? I had a really bad relationship. You can just blame it on you guys. Yeah. It makes it a lot easier, right? Yeah. Very good. I'm going to remember that. All right, Beth. Thank you. A lot of good ones today. Sean. Yeah. What did you learn on the show today? How complete and utter retards they manipulated. Nip, Nip, Nate. Manipulated. Very good. All right. All right. Thank you. All right. You guys suck. All right. Bye. We'll end with Joe, it looks like. Joe? Joe. What's up? I learned tonight when I go to Governor's, I'm going to bust Anthony's balls. Yeah, everyone going to Governor's bust Anthony's balls. Have a good one, guys. All right, man. Thank you. With that, let's get the hell out of here. Get the Psycho Mark montage. Put it in, yeah, wherever. Put it in six. All right, guys, we'll see you guys for FU Friday tomorrow. A lot of fun today. We'll see you guys at two. We leave you with this and then we'll put it in the archives. All right. Thanks for listening. We got channel two news on. There's Mark. There's Mark. The hugest wow sign. This is like interactive TV. Move over. Move over! Move over! Move over! Step on the phone and something to say. Move over! Move over! Move over! Move over! Move over! Move over! Yeah! What happened, Mark? You look like a stalker aiming a lunatic. You can't be doing that. What the hell, you're interrupting our own new broadcast. You know we're going to get in trouble by the company. Yeah, I know. Take on my heart. Chance, whip them out. Whip them out. Marcia Curry, she's very mad at me. You tell her go to Arbolon. No, I'm not. I'm hanging out. If you should be allowed to do your job, I should be allowed to do mine. I almost pissed in my pants. That was the funniest thing I've seen in a very, very long time. Mark, I've got one question for you. Yeah? What do you walk around with at set, you guys? What do you like, walk around like John Wayne, Sway Mike? Yeah, I just want to know, guys, when is the farewell show going to be? That's why you've got to listen every day. This could be it right here today. You never know. Opie and Anthony. Those guys are fast. 1027 WNOW.