 OP and Anthony, we punish ignorance. Hey ass, turn down your radio. 1027 WNEW. Alright, it's FM Talk at 1027. It's OP and Anthony and Steve Illich in the studio. This music's too loud, sorry about that. Yeah, I've heard from people too, like the music that's playing when we come out of a break. Yeah. It'll be loud in our phones, so we sound like we're yelling over the music, but it's all equalized going out of the radio. So sometimes it sounds like, hey how you doing? It's OP and Anthony. Well, we're back. Oh my ears are bleeding. Oh my god. Alright, Rick was telling a cute little story while we were in a commercial break. Yeah. How long have you been married, Rick? I believe you're up to 10 days? T plus 10 days? I know. 10 days back from your honeymoon, a day and a half? In an hour, it'll be 12 days total. Alright, okay. So 12 days, a dozen days. Dozen days. Now Rick, you did quite well with the wedding checks, I believe. We did okay, but it wasn't about money. No. Yeah, but let's face it, when you get married, you get very excited to open up those envelopes. You do get a little giddy, don't you there, Rick? Just a little bit. That sack is in front of you and you're just kind of opening up envelopes going, look at this. Like, I don't even like these people. So you're sitting there and thinking of all the fine things you could buy with the money, right? Yeah. Oh yeah, correct. You're sitting there going, wow, look at all this money. I could buy that. Especially, you know, all the work I did the past year, the extra hours I put in. So, like, how long did it take before you realized you'd have no say in how the money was spent? Well, it hit me about... Twelve days. It hit me on the eleventh day. Eleventh day, which was yesterday. About 8 p.m. Some of the money was spent yesterday. Yeah. How much money was spent yesterday? I came home and I found... Wait, wait, wait, no, just how much money did she spend yesterday? She spent... That's all I want to know right now. Six hundred bucks, did you say? Six hundred dollars. Okay, now I'm thinking... I've got some good stuff. That's a major purchase, probably. I'm guessing either major appliance, something like that, to make the little woman's life a little easier around the homestead, right? All right, kids, hold on to your steering wheel really tight. So what did she spend the money on, Rick? Well, um... We had registered for some things that we never got. Yeah? Yeah. And, uh... Just get to it, go. She bought pots. What? Are you kidding me? No. She bought pots. Now, six hundred... six hundred... $100 worth of pots. Pots. And we said... Well, I'm thinking we must get a hell of a lot of pots. That's what I said, S-load. For $600. You sure she said... She spent it on pots and not pot. Yeah, there were no, like, you know, bags. No, bags around the house. All right. This is all shit. Rick's on the marijuana. All right, $600 on pots, yes. So now I'm thinking probably a pot for any occasion. Hundreds of pots could be bought for $600. I am dead. How many pots were purchased for $600? Uh... Seven pots. Does George Foreman come to your house too and cook for that price? Actually, we got that. The George Foreman lean, mean, fat-burning grilling machine. And we got it from you and Jen. George... Oh, yeah, yeah, sure. All right, hold on. Pete, what's up? No way. I gave you a check, you bastard. I gave you cash. Did you? I know I did. You didn't. Get out of here. The day I give you a goddamn grilling machine, put it over my frigging head. We got the George Foreman fat-busting grill from you. No. Look, asswipe. Look, there is no way in hell you got the George Foreman grilling fat-burning machine from us. We did. Dude, look, I'm pissed now. I wrote a frigging check for you, man. Cash. I understand that. I got out of the car with no wrapped gift or anything. Right. It was an envelope with a check in it. You seem to have crossed up some of your labeling on gifts that were given out, unless Opie was playing a joke on me. Got the grilling machine and slapped our name on it. Dude, you mean you went 12 days thinking I gave you a goddamn George Foreman? A goddamn George Foreman grilling machine? Linda, if you're listening, Rick's wife, if you're listening, there's no way we got you a George Foreman grilling machine. You're joking with me, right? No, I'm not joking, dude. Rick, I swear to you. I swear to Christ to you. And the funny part about it, dude, we were psyched. You're like, cool. I don't care how psyched you are. I'm not going to get you a grilling machine, a frigging infomercial product. I'll get our producer for his wedding. Dude, I cut you a pretty good check. Find it. You can buy another half a pot with that money. You can get at least another two or three pots. Yeah. I am going to frigging faint. Are you kidding me? You've been thinking that we got you that? Bro, I'm going to be mocking you. Oh my God, that guy is a frigging infomercial thing. Where's the time master from Opie and Sandy? Actually, we were expecting the slam, man. Rick, I swear to you, there was no George Foreman grilling machine. Are you sure it wasn't you? Positive. I just swore it was you, man. Positive. Holy mother of pearls. Hey, I am blithing. Cheryl, what's going on? Hi. I'm thinking that maybe Jen gave that as a bridal shower gift. Oh yeah? Yeah. That could have been it. All right, well, a bridal shower gift. That's fine. But it still came out of you. Had your name on it. What? Did not. A bridal shower gift? With the lingerie and the... Nothing better for George, George, George, George and George and Rick and Linda. And showing he cares about our producer Rick. Come on. Uh-oh. Hey Pete, what's going on? Hey, where's Rick? Is he there? I'm right here. What are you, half a fag or something like that? Everyone's a fag. At least I'm half a fag. What? What do I do now? When you take a f***, pal, what are you doing giving your wife any money at all? I'm just busting my bums at Benz. You're crazy. Check your penis at the door, pal. You don't need it anymore. I think he's more pissed than I am. Eric, what's going on? Hey, listen man, special for the grilling machine, man. It's okay. Get him up in the house, apologize and special for the grilling. Come on, buddy. That wasn't his wedding gift. I was going to say that's a great gift in the black community at a wedding, right? Absolutely, man. I got... No, but actually, I got married. I could cook up my cracking neck. I got like 50 sets of towels, man. So like I've been married now 12 years. I've still got towels. I haven't even freaking used it yet. All right, Eric, very good. Watch the difference between guys and girls. Let me put a lady on the phone here. Michelle, what's going on? Oh, I knew you were coming for me when I heard that. What's up, Michelle? That's reasonable. It's a good set of pants. $600 is a reasonable price for a seven-pot? Think about it. If you're going to buy a set now for $150 or whatever, and then three years from now buy another set, three years from now buy another set. That's the logic of the lady. This was the logic I got last night. Of course. This will last 10 to 15 years. 12 years. What kind of pots are they? I don't know. Are they cow porn? They're pots. My mother has pots in her house that I swear I remember her cooking me soupy when I was sick, when I was a kid. Same pots. And they probably cost like $10. Pots. $600 on seven pots. Phil, what's up? This might not be a bad thing for Rick. The key question is, Rick, if you came home with say a $600 stereo receiver, would you get the s*** beat out of you? Will you get the hell beat out of you? Or would that be cool? Because if it works both ways, you could work this to your advantage. No. I'm not going to be spending $600. I won't get clearance on that. Clearance. Clearance. It's all over for the client. You have no chance. If she can go and drop six, and you don't have a peep to say about it, if you did the same thing, your host, it's, you know, just turn over everything. Thank you, Phil. Well, see, here's what led to the $600 pot story. Here we go. Okay? We're flying back from Aruba, and she said, you know, one of the things I wanted us to get that we didn't get for the wedding were these sets of pots that I registered. Planting the seed on the way home. Look at that. So planting a little seed. Yeah, after a week's long of sex. I figure, you know. So she goes, she goes, she goes, they're like 300, 350 bucks. The ones she registered for. Well, that was 10 months ago. That set is not available anymore at William Sonoma. So it's their fault, Rick? So now it's the $600 set of pots. Are you defending her by saying the store screwed up by not having? No, this is how I got suckered in. So then when I got home and she goes, I got you this, and I got you this, and I got you tostitos, and I got you little weenies, and I got you this. Like she bought me all these like little food. And I got $600 worth of pots. Exactly. Trying to run it past you. Exactly, and it was just like, and it's like she's softening the blow. Like, and I got the pots. I'm like, oh cool, how much was the final total? Well, they didn't have the ones I registered for. And you said I could go and get them. So, $600. You think you know what you'd do? I'm going to come home some day and go, look, they didn't have the Sony Walkman I wanted, so I had to get the big screen digital television set. Yeah, I had to get the big screen TV. Jay, what do you have to add? Is Rick Vice Chance sure for Richard? No, it's not. I was going to say there's another nickname for Richard that sounds like Rick, and I think you're going to start blowing yourself out for a while. If you're trying to tell you, don't get married, I'm trying to tell you don't get married. Oh my God. I was going to say what Anthony said. Why don't you walk out and just try to buy a TV, like a 32-inch stereo TV? You know what would happen? I already got one of those, and she was there for it. Well, buy one for your room, though, just for you like to watch football games on the weekends. Well, that goes in your room, and then you get the big screen TV. I'm talking the like 56-inch. We don't have the room, dude. Who cares? Buy it. It's not a matter of even watching it. You never have to turn it on. You just have to purchase it. That's it. That's it. A doorstop. Hey, Mark, what's going on? I'll tell you, I'm listening to you guys, and I'll tell you, Rick's actually lucky because at least he's got something sizable to show for $600. My brother's witch of a wife just spent $600 on six steak knives. Six steak knives. $100 a knife. One set of panko steak knives for $600. I could appreciate a purchase like that. I don't know what's funnier. By the way, Rick, did you get the George Foreman grill that I sent you? I don't know what's funnier, Rick's wife spending $600 on pots or Anthony finding out that he gave the George Foreman grill as a wedding gift. I did not. You did. It wasn't a wedding gift. Your name was on it. I don't know whether it was given to you as a bridal shower gift or given to Linda as a bridal shower gift. That was not your wedding present from us. It was not the George Foreman fat burning grilling machine thing that he sells. Hey, George, what's up? I want to ask Anthony, when you ordered the George Foreman grill machine, are you making four easy payments on that or did you get only one? What's the matter with you now? Four easy payments. Did you throw in a Mark McGuire rookie card? Me dialing people, George Foreman grill, look at the fat it burns off, and you get a Sosa rookie card and a beanie baby. Tom, what's up? Hey, you guys got to play back all those days where we told Rick not to get married. He was sounding so pompous and all full of himself. Now he sounds like a beaten dog. I'm not that beaten. I still got my car. Your little yellow sports car? Hopefully that will be home when I get home. Rick still has his little yellow sports car. How long, we'll take a little pool here, how long before it's traded in for an Astro van? How long before the Dodge Caravan is in the driveway and your little yellow sports car, the impractical two-seater, is gonzo? God, I hope it's home when I get home. Andrea, hi, what's up? Rick, how many pots did you say you got in? I got seven pots. Are you sure? Is it a set of seven? I guess so, yeah. Why? Because if it's a set of seven, you know what you're paying for. You're paying for three pots, maybe a pan and three lids. Oh, they count the lids as a part of the set? No, we definitely got seven pots out of the deal. Are you sure about that? Oh, well then you didn't get ripped off. No. And for an extra hundred, we'll throw in candles. I'm doubting this. It's a 20-piece set. Well, we include the screws that hold the handles on, the washers, everything. Pot's not included. Rick, I want to know, I've got to come over someday and have maybe some Campbell's tomato soup cooked in an almost $100 pot. It's got to be good. And then it's got to taste better than just a regular old pot. And then we can grill you up a nice grilled cheese sandwich and you George Foreman fat-busting grill, man. It'll be a nice soup and sandwich for you. Oh, good. If we have to run out for any groceries, you can take me in your Dodge Caravan. We'll pass your sports car at the lot where it was traded in for your Astro van. You know, I feel so free. I'm going to go out tonight and spend $600 in hookers and drives. Just because I can. Cutting down tonight? We found a girl that can shoot stuff from a private area. So, it's Adam and Adam Farrar sitting in on the program today. Sure. Anthony, I'm on the line. We've got this brick guy with the crane and wildfire. Yeah, let's hear that. Hey, Rick. Yep. It's Opi and Anthony and Adam Farrar. How are you today? How are you guys doing? Hey, what's up, man? Hey, Rick. We obviously got you live on the radio here in New York City. Yes, I am. And I hear you've got a very unusual story to tell. Yeah, it's a little different. All right. Definitely a little different. Well, I guess it goes back to 1979. You met this girl, right? Yeah, I met this girl. Actually, she met me. She had seen me, you know, around town and liked me because I was a large guy anyway. I was 6'4", 240. 6'4", 240 back in 1979. Big guy. Just out of high school, four years of football, all that good stuff. All right. And 20 years later, how much do you weigh? Right now, I'm 5'37". I topped out in 1989 at about 8'50". Sell! Sell! Sell! Yeah, get rid of it all. And obviously, this girl has something to do with your drastic weight gain. Yeah, she did, very much so. She had a fetish of what I'm finding out seems to be what is called these feeder people or whatever. And she sexually got stimulated whenever she would watch me eat food. Wow. Yeah, it was to the point of where I could sit down, eat a piece of cake after dinner or something like that. And she would just be all excited and I would just have to finish the job. Was she a big girl? She was a whopping 98 pounds. Wow. So she's a rail. Soaking wet. Wow. You guys made the number 10 when you stood next to each other. Yeah, just about. Well, yeah, later on. All right. So did you know she had this fetish when you met her? No, I had no idea. No clue? So what was your first clue? How long did it take? Right. Well, my first clue of it really getting to the point of, oh my God, what the hell am I going to do with this, was I had gotten in a little trouble with some marijuana before I had met her. Sure. And then I was like, oh, I'm going to go to the grocery store and get some weed. That's how it starts. That's what makes you hungry. Grass, weed. That was part of it. But hey, it was California in the 70s. Mary Jane. Before you know it, you're doing Benny's, Dexys. I bet you think you're pretty cool and far out, don't you? The next step is Entenmann's cake, then you're moving the bed into the kitchen. And then we just started sleeping in a grocery store. All right. So tell us the first clue. Go ahead. You got in trouble for drugs, right? I got sentenced to a couple of months in jail, LA County jail. And I found out that she had gone to the judge, I believe the one that sentenced me, and told him that her mental state welfare and all that good stuff was dependent upon the fact that I stayed large. I was up to about 350, maybe 400 at this time. And she was afraid of going in there eating that sort of food. I was going to lose a lot of weight. This judge gave a court order to her that ordered me to receive double portions of food inside the jail. Come on. That's the Oprah bill. Nice word. It's documented court documents to prove it all. Wow. Oh, yeah. So you're in jail for a while. Yes. And you're still packing on pounds. No, because I just refused to do it. I'm not stupid. The food was crap, so you're not going to eat double portions of crap. So now how was she? Were there any other inmates that liked to watch you eat? Bubba. Yeah, his name was no. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. So how did she get turned on if you're in jail? Oh, she didn't. Actually there was a couple of incidences where she would come to the visiting room. She had arranged for a private visit, which was still through the glass. And I would sit there and I had saved a couple candy bars that I had bought at the store. I sat there and ate them on one side of the glass and she was going, oh, overcoat, do under thing. Let me ask you something. Were the guards like that scene in Goodfellas? Come right this way. Come right in. Don't wait. Sign right in here. Come this way, Mrs. Hill. It's the girl with the coat. Come on. Come this way. Wow. You must have been the king after that. This only happened one time. Oh. That only happened once in jail? Yeah, that did only happen once. All right. So after you got out of jail, what happened when you guys were living together and stuff? Well, you know, it seemed like she got more of a fever pitch for this whole thing. It was like she doubled her efforts to make me large. And I was caught in the trap of where I was doing what I wanted, eating good food and having great sex. Well, how turned on would she get as she watched you eat? All I could tell you is you just had to watch it. I mean, you just had to see it. It was to wear moisture, you know? I mean, I don't know what other way to put it. So she was like, yeah, really turned on. Oh, yes. And what was she like, a dynamo? Like really? Yeah, she was a little 98 pound person. You spin her like a helicopter, you know, spin her like a top. Would she scream out foods in the middle of her orgasm? You know, it never got to the nine and a half weeks kind of thing. Right. I kind of wish it did once in a while. But no, it did never go that way. It was never that kind of food thing. Did you play like airplanes coming in for a landing? Did you do like stuff like that? No, because I would have been the spruce goose and I would have probably crashed. Howard Hughes reference. Whoa, how good are you? Taking a couple of donuts at a petty cash. No, I'm over those. So when did you decide that you had enough? Well, it was 1989. I had maxed out at about 850. Second stopped about 300 pounds ago. Oh, really? She just gave up on you? That's just, well, no, it just goes away. You're not able to. Well, yeah, she couldn't find it. Yeah, it doesn't function anymore. Really? It functions in one capacity and that's to urinate. That's it. Oh, you couldn't sport no chubs? Well, you can, but not to where it was any use. You know, it was just it was too well covered up. Oh, dead sexy. Did you lay there? Look at my sexy body. So you wouldn't be saying that looking in my mirror. So the sex and then you decided to get rid of this one? Well, she was cheating on me with a neighbor upstairs, a normal sized guy. So at that point. Well, that's how it started out. Yeah, that was it. Goodbye. Yeah, well, that's how it starts. Sure. Like a Stephen King character or something. It just goes around, yeah. Making guys big fat pigs and then ditching them. Wow. You know what, dude, I'll tell you something. She did this to a guy after me. There was another guy. I ran across her like three, four years later. I had gotten down to about 600 pounds. I was getting around and I came across her again. And there she was. She had met a guy. He was about 200 when he met her at that time. And he was probably at about six. Oh, man. Is that something? Is it? This chick had a fetish and she didn't mind going for what she wanted. Is it also true that she got abusive when you decided you didn't want to eat as much? Oh, yeah. If there was any time that I didn't completely finish the half a pack of hot dogs that she'd make with buns and a big bag of Lay's chips and a half a gallon ice cream, one time in particular I left two hot dog buns, the very ends, sitting on the plate. She came home from whatever she was out doing, probably shopping for more. And she saw these two hot dog buns on the end of the plate. She goes, what's that? And I go, well, I was done. I had three pounds of other food. I don't need those. And she just walked past me, behind me a little bit, grabbed this cane out of the closet or whatever. And next thing I knew, I was getting whacked over the back of the head with it. Wow. Yeah. What a cook. At that point, I was about 800 pounds. And for people listening, you don't. I mean, sure, I could have grabbed her, broke her like a twig, then I'm in prison for life. Right, yeah. What good does that do me? OK, at 850, you don't just get out and hail a taxi. OK? Wow. That's what I was doing. This is a Stephen King novel. Eat it! Eat it! Look at that! Hey, if you have his number, have him get a hold of me. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. I've never heard of that before. That's not good. Where is she now? She's? She lives in California out here somewhere. I have no idea. She's out there with a short skirt and a bundt cake. Yeah. How did this end up ending? Well, my story hasn't ended yet. We just split up. It was to the point where, hey, look, we're just done. She was in agreement, and we just split up. I got on my own. I started eating naturally. I wasn't naturally a 12 hot dog for lunch guy. I just started eating normally, and I dropped down to what I am now. I've actually been lower, less than what I am now, but I'm not because of the yo-yo diet thing. I'm at a point. Did people you knew just say, hey, dude, what's happening to you? You're blown up. Oh, my god. I had friends, my parents, my mother, but the whole thing was so controlled by her that, understand this, any time she left the house, all the phones were gone. I had no way of communicating. Oh, my god. Wow. Oh, yeah. It's the flip side of abuse. Instead of the man abusing the woman, it was the woman abusing a man in a very bizarre way. I understand. Wow, man. There's a couple notes that our producer wrote down. There's a car story. A car story. Air conditioning, went nuts. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. She made you eat a Buick? Yeah, she was like, no, no, I never did that. She would get so upset. I was just telling your producer about one time where wherever we went anywhere, like I remember one hot summer day I had to go to the doctor's office, I was in the car and it was sweat. Any time that I sweated, she would make every effort to keep me as cool as possible. Yeah, you'd lose weight if you sweat. Exactly. You sweat. That was her whole theory. You'd lose weight. Oh, I always had whatever to train, the air conditioner on full. Any time she would get out and go in the store, the engine, she'd leave it running. So the air conditioner would be off. Well, one time the engine was overheating and I had to turn it off. And she was still in there about another 15 minutes. I rolled down the windows and I'm sweating. She comes out just freaking. I mean, dude, she's all over the place. Run her on the car. What are you doing? She actually picked up a magazine and started fanning me. What are you doing? What are you, nuts? This is like misery. If it starts, we can go home. If it don't start, I'm going to sweat another 10 pounds off. Why do you drink your sweat? Why do you put up with this? Drink your sweat. Rick, why did you put up with this? Well, you know, it was a- I did it all for the new kid. Going off the new kid. So you could take that donut and stick it up your ass. Yeah, well, it wasn't that bad. It wasn't that bad. Come on. Wow. It was a matter of where I was brought up. Oh, yeah, it wasn't that bad. Yeah, I mean, the poor guy, he was a turtle on his back. What's he going to do? He's 800 pounds. Keep beating him with a cane. Yeah. Anything else you could add to this, Rick? I'm on my way to the road to recovery. Right now, I'm down to 537. Right. And I'm getting ready to have the phobia pouch surgery, which is the same one that Rosanne Barr had done. Sure. And it's just a fantastic thing. I never wanted to mutilate my body to take care of my problem, but I've gotten to the point where I'm 41 years old, and that's it. I've got to do something. Are you in any relationship now or anything? No, no relationships out there. You know, in California, this is where all the pretty people live, and if you don't fit into that category, forget about it. Sal, what's up? It sounds like maybe his wife grew up in the Midwest, and her father raised veal. What's the name of this fetish she had, Rick? I believe it was, I mean, I've gotten, I never knew there was one, but I've had people contact me saying it's the Feeders. Feeders. That's the name of the book. Stephen King's latest novel, Feeders. Based on the novel Eat, Beat, and Bang. Oh, man. Very nice. Is she really hot? Yeah. She looks a lot like Marlo Thomas of that girl. Oh, really? When I met her, that's what she looked like, very much so. Big brown eyes. She was a model. Cool, cool story. She wasn't ugly. That's the best story of the day, I'll tell you right now, Rick. Unfortunately, it happened to me, but hey. Can we send you some food or anything? No, thanks. All right. No, thanks. I don't think I can give you that. I just do have a website that people can go check out and see, read more details, see pictures of me, stuff like that. Any pictures of her on there? No, no pictures of her. You ought to pop one up. I don't want to get in trouble. You won't get in trouble. What's she going to do, get you fat and beat you? Sure, you did that. Email us a picture of her. Double jeopardy. Yes, send us a picture. Yeah, I want to see what the picture. Oh, yeah, that'll be great. I'll see what you want to check it out. Yeah, we're going to be posted all over New York in about two hours. Oh, no. We don't even have access to a website. Yeah, we don't have websites or anything. Actually, my story will be out in the National Enquirer, probably, and within about two weeks. Really? That will have a picture of her, because back in 88, she entered us in a contest where it was the Enquirer has these weird contests. It was the marriage. 4H? No, with the largest weight differential. Oh, really? We blew them away, one of them easily 500 bucks or something, and they came out, took a bunch of pictures. I've seen pictures of him and her, of me and her before. Well, then I guess we'll see her picture there. Yeah, you will see her, definitely. Tyra, give out your website address here. It's www.IntotheWeb.com. www.IntotheWeb.com Yeah, just all kinds of stuff, message boards. You guys can just go check it out and see pictures of what I look like at 850. All right, better not be a paid site, because we get pissed off at that. Dude, it's all free. All right, very calm. I don't believe in that. If it was a paid site, we'd come over there and beat you with a cane or something. Just shove a ham sandwich up your ass and beat you up. Are you the comedian on the show? Oh, no. There's no comedians here. Very serious. All right, Rick, thank you. Good luck. You guys have a good one, man. All right, bye. Take care. There he goes, Rick, in his unusual fetish. Wow. Opie, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass. You're obviously a stud. The Opie and Anthony Show. It makes me sick. 1027 WNEW. It's The Opie and Anthony Show. More on the God of Ferraris just a bit here. And whatever you have for the show, give us a call, 212-757-1027. Black Crows, hard to handle. WNEW. I can't even believe these ones. He's a disgusting little man. What a douchebag. Trainwreck Radio. Vancouver. Ah! This is sicker than Faces of Death. 1027 WNEW. Opie and Anthony. This is debauchery mania. Prostate exam for everyone. 111027 WNEW. Ah, yes. And in the studio this afternoon, Adam Ferraro, everyone. Yeah, Adam's here, man. Out of nowhere he decides to stop by and say hi to his pals. Yeah, I bet Hillary doesn't get bumped from Letterman. Okay. Adam came in. I bet you my girlfriend doesn't get oral favors from my page. So yeah, Adam was supposed to do Letterman last time he was on the show. What, last week? Yeah. You know what I like? Every time I come in here, it's, hi, we're gonna break your balls for a little bit. First that you dated my sister. Then it's the Olive Garden commercial. Then I think you nailed me on the love boat episode I did. I missed that damn thing. You better have a tape of that. I wanna play all the tapes of that. What, you kidding me? I gotta see that. You were on the, Adam was on an episode of the new love book. The new love book. Oh, don't start. You want me to sing some of the early songs you wrote? Thank you, no. Okay. But we got a lot of crap on here. Oh, Tara. I didn't write that. That was Joe Buck's song. Yeah, my brother wrote that one. That one sucked. Wait, how's that? Wait, wait, wait, wait. There's too much going on here. What? What was the song? It was for two people. Me and Anthony. Yeah, right? Not really. He sung a song called Dara. But Joe wrote it. Now there's a lot, the early collections of As Is spelled A-Z-I-Z, which is the name of like 90% of the cab drivers. All right. Yeah. That was the name of one of your bands then? You think I named it? Okay. I showed up drunk to sing. That was the extent of it. Oh, now you're Jim Morrison. I didn't move equipment. I didn't write the song. Now you're Jim Morrison. Before, when you were going... My voice, he's walking around with an ascot and an atmo. Oh, yeah, right. Don't come back. I must keep everybody away. Why? Because we're doing... What was that song you used to do? That boss gas? Lido, and I can't hit the Lido. Yeah. That's it. The Lido Shuffle. The Lido Shuffle. Get out of here. You know I miss the boat. It's breaking up. I need more mist in my throat. Can we transpose this to my key? I've seen it work, man. After a gig, it's hilarious. Jesus. The rest of his band is shuffling the equipment back to the van and there's André and his Budweiser at the bar going, hey, man. Tell me more about my ice. Come on. What do you expect? That was a while ago. That was fun, though. I like them because I used to run the lights. And Anthony would build... He's a mad scientist, for God's sake. You leave something in his house, he MacGyvers it into a helicopter. It was toothpicks in a rubber band. Not anymore. It's a spruce goose, too. So he used to hook up the light board. You had these big rubber Lilco gloves. Could you get the 220 off the pole? Yeah. You had to actually open up the circuit breaker box in the club and clamp on these big, looked like jumper cables. They were jumper cables. Onto the 220 bolts, onto the 2110 legs coming out of the box. And they're live. You can't shut it off because the club is running. So you'd have to sit there with big rubber gloves on it. And it was like, ghost buzzers, don't cross the stream. Because you can't touch, you could electrocute them. So he would take the 220 lines and he would channel it through all this stuff into an old Atari board. Remember Atari board with the four switches? And that's what we had four channels of lights. And that was when the original light board broke, my friend, and I had to rig it. Oh, the one you built, that shop library. The one you stole. Some stupid lighting company in Jersey rented us lights. We never brought them back. Terrorists try to get the deposit back on the van. He doesn't bring back a light. I don't remember that. Wow, too funny. Well, that was many, many years ago. Many, many years ago. And of course we do dredge up these things and things that you did in the past. Because I don't know why, it's not interesting at all. It's using the us. We were saying you got bumps from Letterman. That's where it started. And it was last week. And there's a lot of people on the phone that feel bad for you. Thank you. Kathleen? I want to know, how many times have you been bumped from Letterman? What's the process like? And does it really piss you off? This is my first time being bumped. It hurts. And I'm getting over the pain. Thank you, Kathleen. Adam walked through our studio door today. I said, hey, if you were on Letterman last week, I don't think we would have saw your face for a while. Yeah. I know. Peter Van Elfman. I told you I was coming back here today to plug my governor's day. Peter Van Elfman. I'm a whore. That's why. I'm going to see you tomorrow night. Cool. Definitely. Come down. Thursday, Friday, and Saturday night at Tugger. Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. And Sunday. Come down after services. They set up the Ferrara cot in the back, I guess. There you go. Keeping you there the whole weekend. Sure. How did Gordville? You better call ahead. I'm following the seal. Adam does very well. Look at you. You sound like my mother's friend. He's in show business doing very well. He's doing very well. I understand he has gentle through the union. How's mom and Big Joe? Mom and my father? I told you they came into Letterman. They said it was a big night. She wore the fur. Yeah. I feel so bad. His parents go to Letterman. They're sitting right there up front to see their son on national TV, David Letterman. Pop took a nap in the afternoon, so it'd be all right. So he could stay awake. Sure. And what happens? He gets bonked. And your parents have to get up and leave without seeing you. Kids that hit the big stage there. No, my father's like, hey, it happens. That's life. You want Chinese? That was it. That was it, huh? That was it. You got some steamed dumplings on your move on. Adam, I remember a time I went to see at Governor's. And I'm thinking Anthony's friend, big Hollywood star. You were doing the sitcoms and the guest appearances and stuff. I brought Sandy, right? We're walking across the parking lot. There you are before your big night at Governor's changing the tire. I'm changing his flat tire. Oh, yeah. And you know what's funny? My travel plans now is my father's plumbing truck. Because mom's got to take the caddy to Marjane. I'm not actually changing a tire. I'm getting into my next role. I'm Caroline in the city where I have to change a tire. I'm researching it. We all consider ourselves to be in show business. And we look up to you, Adam. And I'm like, wow, you really should raise your colors. I'm like, look at Adam changing a tire. I'm like, where's his people? They're all my people. You're the only pal I have that's in show business like that. What are you, in real estate? What the hell do you think you're doing? I'm not my own pal. What? I'm not my own pal. I've heard you talk to yourself many times. Usually after a gig, who does Joe Buck think he is? I'm the leader of this band. Yeah. As is, behind the music. That happened. As is. A-Z-I-Z. A-Z-I-Z. That was the fancy logo and stuff on the drum kit? That was so long ago. It was ridiculously long ago. But you've got to share a little bit. To the point where, no, it was. That wasn't even the first. What was the first name again? I couldn't even remember. Did you guys have the hair going and stuff? Like the silver platters. It was ridiculous. It was, yeah, 80s. So you wanted to try to run. We were in a makeshift model. Yeah, we were doing Brady Bunch cover tunes, is what we were doing, Adam. You're absolutely right. It's a sunshine day when it's time to change. Yeah, that's exactly what we were doing. Although we did do some spinal tap covers. You remember this one. That's classic. Chris, what's up? What's going on? How you doing? How you doing? Hey, hey, I'm Adam, man. Yes. I feel really bad for you because you got bump up by that space tooth moron. Thank you, Chris. Space tooth moron. You know what I'm saying? Thank you, Chris. All right, man. You are the best, yo, Adam. Thank you. And me. Peace. And whoopee. Peace. All right. You think, yeah, tonight, you think Dave's going to have the 45 minutes of crap, stupid bits where he takes a camera to the film store next door from the studio while Hillary waits in the green room wondering if she's going to be on? I don't think so. And who's more entertaining, Hillary or Adam Ferrara? Adam Ferrara. Adam Ferrara. Absolutely. I never saw Hillary say, Hospitaliano. Oh, there it is. There it is. There it is. I think there's got to be a by the way in there somewhere, Alice. All right. What's by the way? Ah ha! Anna. Yeah, hi. How are you? How are you, boy, still? Good, hey. One time, I seen Adam at a governor's. Oh, really? Yeah, he's pretty hot. Yes, he is, isn't he? I want to grab onto his buns. Ah, Adam. Adam, she wants to grab your buns. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to say, so you know. I'm not sure what you're supposed to say. Hey, whose sister are you? His sister? Hey, I got seven of them. Which one do you want? Adam has something for all the sisters on this radio show. Seven sisters? Wow. So you met him backstage? Well, he was kind of back there, and I was walking past him. And I walked up to him, and I asked him, what's pink and smells like pussy cats? And he's like, what? And I stuck my tongue out at him. And then I told him, I'm like, what? Oh, I remember you. You remember that? Interesting. You can't remember that. It sounds familiar. Anna, that doesn't happen every day. And then I was telling you about, I guess, I could say, Tuesday at Hummer Club, I do that. And I let my friend watch it. I'm doing it too, you know, my old man. Boy, it sure sounded like you could have gotten lucky here. Yeah. That's when you fell on your butt. You're like, oh my god. So if Adam would have been up to it, would you have given him a hummer that night? It wasn't until it was Thursday. Sure. My old man was home, sure. It was the wrong day of the week. Oh. Oh my god. It doesn't matter. It could be any day of the week. I'm always up for that. You should see Adam when he gets done with his show. He comes out to the bar in the front by Governor Sincero. I ain't got to go. And the chicks are just like, taking him in style. Well, I know he's got to be nice. Isn't he married? What's the matter? He's got a girlfriend. No, he's got a girlfriend, though. Oh, he's better. He's in a very serious relationship. How is she? She's very nice. Yeah? Very good. You should tell your nice one. Can I meet her? Can I meet her? Oh, oh, meet. Yeah, can I meet her? Oh, you said something else. I'll take both of yous on, honey. Whoa. Wow. Look at that. Damn it. So you're going to go to Governor's? I don't know. When's the next time you're going? He's there Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Oh, yeah. Why don't you come to my house instead, baby? Wow. Do you remember what she looked like and all? No. No. I just saw her. What do you look like there, Anna? Let's see. Well, I'm a dancer. Really? Yeah. Where? Why? Flash dancers? Stonehenge. Stonehenge? Out on Long Island? Yeah, once in a while. Wow. You remember that place? That place rock. I love that place. I had the best time. So you're a dancer there, huh? Finding romp-o-mints. Oh, boy. Do you dance during the week, or are you dancing on weekends? During the day. I don't like going at night. Uh-oh, day dancing. You're a matinee. Day dancing at Stonehenge. That's scary. You know why they usually put the girls that aren't that hot on in the day? Because I'm just saying, because when you walk in there from all the bright light into the dark club, it takes you half hour before you can see anything. Yeah, I know. And then by that time, you've had a couple of $10 beers. I don't like going at night, because I've got five things to do at night. And it looks like you're in the double A ball. Yeah, yeah. What's a double A ball? You've got to be brought up to the majors. It's like open pole, Mike. Yeah. Wow, Stonehenge. You look hot and stuff. I'm cool, man. You're not all bruised up and everything. I'm so bruised up. There's nothing better than looking at her dancing. It looks like she's gone a couple of rounds with Tyson. Hey, this is Marion Scar. Yeah. She's all beat up. An old cigarette burns. No, I don't like that. You're not skanked up there. I'm not like a skanked up idiot. I'm like a subway car. I'm really trying to make money. I'm like a subway car. There's a lot going on. You have a D cup. Yeah. Wow. So what's the other one? There was five people talking at one time. I heard that. But she said she has a D cup. What's the other one? That's in the middle of her head. No, it's in the back of my head. I'm deaf, you know, with the bells. Well, you ought to go down to a governor's and see that. Please welcome to the main stage Medusa. He'll know who you are now. Oh, yeah? He's telling you that stripper from Stonehenge. What color hair do you have? It's red. Oh, you're redhead. Yeah. Natural? Well, I got no hair on my head. Totally. You know, I like a girl that edits herself. There you go. Did you shave it or did it fall out? Oh, I shaved it. You know, ever since Shorum reactivated, was it rubbed off? With your face, honey. There you go. She's not messing around. No, definitely not. She's hurt at all. Yeah. Any piercings that we should know about? I'm not a freak. No. Any tats-hats? I don't take that crap. No tattoos? No? No tattoos? No, no tattoos. All right. Well, she's a sh- I'm a good girl. You sound like a church girl. Yeah. Yeah. All right, baby. Come down and say hello. I use the term loosely. All right, and we'll see Adam this weekend at Governor's, OK? All righty. Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. I'll see you, honey. OK. All right. You going to have a ticket waiting for me? We'll see what we can do. If you wear a skirt, no underwear, put your legs up on the stage while he's performing, yeah, you can work it out. All right, then I'll show you from the other side. There'll be some work in the crowd that night. All right. Slide down. Look at that. I didn't know Governor's had drink cozies. Drink cozies. Wow. Oh, my god. All right, Adam. We got to fly. Oh, go. Bye. Bye. During the day dance. Yeah, the day dance. They didn't even give them dollars. The guys give them mints. Well, you know what? The clientele, the day dancers get, it's all because I remember they're doing this. It's all construction workers that don't want to frigging work. So they go in there during the day. You figure, we'll leave the job. We'll have an early lunch, and we'll get back to work right after lunch. We'll be back to work by one. You go there at noon. It opens up. By 4 o'clock, you're going, jeez, screw it. We'll leave the tools out. We got to be there tomorrow anyway. You never go back. Give us some 10 penny nails for a lap dance. And that's it, too. You're broke. Because you're never working. So you just sit there with a dollar. Bartering. Nurse your beer. How many pelts for a lap dance? Pretty much. I'll put in air conditioning in your house. Spin around. Spin around. Let me see your raise. We're off to a fine start today. And we got to take a quick break. Look at the time. We're very late. But Adam Farrar, hanging out with us today. We needed the boost this week, Adam. So thanks for coming in. Absolutely. All right. More of your phone calls in just a bit. Stay there. Opie and Anthony. This is the best radio you guys can come up with. 1027 WNEW. You're hanging with Opie and Anthony and our buddy Adam Farrar. Ha ha ha ha. It's 1027 WNEW. Hey. What? You guys struck a nerve because there's a bunch of people that want to talk about daytime strippers. Yeah. And go into the strip clubs during the day, Anthony. I love walking out of a strip club after you've been in there. And it's still lighted out. You're like Frankenstein. You feel so dirty. Grrr. Grrr. You can't see. Cars are beeping at you. You're like, hey, I remember coming out of the. They finally changed where the door is at the carousel, on Jericho Turnpike there. And I liked him at that place. The door was right like 10 feet away from Jericho Turnpike. So you'd walk out. And you know, housewives are looking at you in horror. Yeah. Meep, meep. They're all beeping at you. You're like, yeah, yeah, I was looking at the strippers. Now they put the door kind of on the side. That's smart. Made a little laugh. But you come out and the sun hits your eyes. It's like Shawshank Redemption. You know? You're like, oh, oh, my god, the light. I'm free. It's papillon. You're in the box. Papillon, yeah. It's in the box. Put him in the hole for another month. It's nice when you come out of the carousel. Now they have like a car wash thing to cleanse you. Clean you off. You just feel dirty. Yes. Send you home. Hey, Frank, what's up? What's up, guys? How are you doing? Great. Great place. I went to college down in San Antonio, Texas, called Clath Act. And it was far from me. Anything but. It was BYOB. That's how bad this place was. They couldn't even get a liquor list. What's that? Bring your own bimbos. Yeah. But the great thing is they had a lunch buffet. Yeah, I never got that. I don't like eating food from strip clubs. I like to keep them. It's bad enough you've got to put your mouth on a bottle. That's on the bar that sometimes they're walking on. Now, I haven't seen this move in a while in the Long Island strip clubs. But I remember back in the late 80s and stuff was the last of this. The dancers didn't care. They come right out on the bar, open your bottle for you without their hands. Yeah. You know, I mean like, wow, talented, snagging. The thing about this place is the funniest thing to watch is we went after finals every semester. It was a tradition. And we'd all get out of finals about noon and go get snotted and watch girls. And the funny thing to watch was see the guys go through the buffet line, you know, go eat stateside. And as the girls worked their way around, watch the guys cover their plates. Yeah. Yeah, that move, like their hands are covering the plate, like that's a barrier. You know? That's going to do it. That'll do it. Believe me. What's coming off of that thing? She just opened a beer bottle. She has a Swiss Army snack. I swear to God. I've seen that move too, even with the beer. Like a girl come walking by and the guy will take the coaster and plop it on top of his beer glass. That's got to make the girl feel good. Excuse me, I'm thinking something is falling out of there that even alcohol can't kill. OK? I really am going to cover this up right about now. When we were seniors, spring semester, we even got a little bit too rowdy for this place. We were getting pretty nasty drunk. We were graduating. And a buddy of mine brought in a bottle of peach snops. And what he did was he took the cork out of it, put it on the stage, and said, I give you five bucks if you pick this up without your hands. Yeah, that move. So they got a little upset with this. That was strike one. So a couple of minutes later, you know they have the low on the action. There's like a wait for the second team to come up on the stage. Yeah. We're really drunk. And one of my drunkest buddies stands up and screams, and I'll clean this up, screams, bring on the sea. Bring on the seaward. Yeah. Oh my God. It was like the last time I heard that was on Broadway when they wanted to bring. That was in the Will Rogers' folly. Yeah. But the guy who spilled it out went to roll. They were bringing Stella Stevens on stage. Bring on the seaward. Oh my God. That's the same way it goes home in the car. Why don't the chicks dig, man? What do I got to do? So what'd they do to the guy? Where's the love? It was like out of a Western, you know, when the star of the movie gets called out in the street for a gunfight. It was like quiet. And all of a sudden, the DJ gets on the mic and goes, we have nice girls here. How dare you talk about them like that? And then they kicked us out in the street. Oh, yeah. You're lucky they kicked you out. A lot of the bars, you know, the biker guys that run the place. It's out in the crab paddy. Yeah, we were afraid we'd get pulled in the back room. Very funny, Frank. All right, you guys. Have a good day. Thank you. I knew a girl. You know the ping pong ball trick, right? Yeah, sure. She had like laser sighting. Really? She was like, if she's the kind of girl you want to take to the carnival to win the fish. You know what I'm saying? Right? Give me two fish, I don't use my hand. A cuppy. You know, just every kind of doll. But in like those tall glasses, those tall bar glasses, where there's not a lot of room for... And she could get him in there. Yeah. That's a talent. Sure. I don't even know how she was aiming. You got to just like the windage and the elevation. Hey, Joe, what's up? Hey, guys, how you doing? Afternoon. Hey, yeah. Yeah, we're pulling the nooner. That's what we call them. We left at noon and we figured we'd be back by one. And now I'm heading back right now. We just got out of the bar. See? And what do you do for a living? I'm a plumber in Jersey. I've been there. I have been there. When we worked in Smithtown, we used to go to that place right by the blast rail, Brass Monkey. No, it was that other place. I think it was called Logan's Run after that, the wild toads of frogs or something. And then the other place was Wild Run. Yes, it was. And then Ron Conkoma had a place called Bird's Place. I mean, the girls, you hear this all the time, but would do anything. There was a guy up there with glasses on laying on his back on the stage. And believe me, when the girl was done with him, he had to clean his glasses off. It was that much of a show going on on stage. He thought he had cataracts. Yeah, it was that bad. I saw a stripper with one foot. She had a foot, a normal foot, and then another foot had little chicklet toes or club foot kind of thing. But she wanted to know what feet she was using. That's what you need, a thalidomide stripper. Wait, she had her breasts done. You think you'd take care of all the other stuff first. The general rule of construction is you don't put a second floor in a house with a bad foundation. And the construction guy's got to know that. That's it, man. Hey, you were a tin knocker, right? Hell yeah. That's it, man. Yeah, we had this girl in there. She was about 50 years old. And she had a pretty all right body, but nobody really paid attention to the face. But they called her the ice queen because she would put ice all over her body and then put it in her mouth and spit it out. But what they forgot to tell you was she spit it between her Leon Spinks space in her teeth. That's wonderful. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Yeah, I love how the strippers are doing things they think is hot and you think is disgusting. And you got to sit there. You're like, oh, I'm paying 10 bucks a girl to spit at me. Can't you force it home? She had like G-string depends on. Everybody says I should have been a dancer. They said it in 1942. Wow. You don't know how many hammer drills and sawzalls were lost because we just never went back to the job site. We lock up the tools and no one's going to steal them. What happened to the hammer drill? I don't know, boss. We were there the whole time. I think the plumbers took it. They're not. We're 12. Those bastards steam fitted. Hey, Joe, thank you. Hey, guys, he's got a train. Have a good day. All right, man. A lot of great stories on hold, Anthony, a lot. If you're on hold, stay there. We got to take another quick break because we've been running late the whole show today, all right? Running off the mount. We'll be back very shortly. Stay there. Hey, Anthony. Hey, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. That's right. Hey, you can't be a stripper when you're fat, right? That's right. So if you're a stripper, maybe you put on a few extra pounds during the holidays, just packing in the turkey and ham and everything. You got to lose that weight quick or you're not going to make any tips. I said tips. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Uh-huh, does three things. Yes, it, well, it's the world's strongest fat burner. And it gives you a boost of energy if you're feeling sluggish during the last dance of your shift up on stage. Can you reject this song? Eject this song, please! Eject this, it's too fast. I can't keep up, I need more energy. Does the fat burner provide that? And it, what else does it do? It cuts down on your cravings to snack during the day. So you could fit more of those champagne cocktails in you. Or during the dances. Yeah! In between dances you don't want to be snacking. You lose weight because a big fat ass doesn't get the dollars stuck in the G-string. There you go, Anthony. I'm sure the stacker people will agree with that. Of course they will. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. They have a website at stacker2.com. That's stacker2.com, excuse me. Or give them a call at 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Start now and look great this spring with stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. And 1-800-LIGHTLINE or at stacker2.com. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Thousands have proven it works. We're back with the opiate Anthony show. Hey. Hanging out with us today, Adam Farrar. Went to grab a cup of coffee. That's right. Sure, there he is. Sure. He'll be at Governor's all weekend long, starting tomorrow. Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. I'm definitely going to the Thursday show. Going tomorrow, man. Got to see my pal on his opening night there at Governor's. My chance. The millionth opening night at Governor's. We're there all the time. And we're all keeping our fingers crossed, hoping that Letterman's people will call Adam. We must get rescheduled. Yeah, Adam's looking to get rescheduled on Letterman. They're much too busy to think about it today, Anthony. They got Hillary on the show tonight. I think Psycho Mark's heading down to the Letterman studio to mess with people. Oh, that's good. There's nothing like, you know, secret service people down there. Anybody that'll just wrestle him to the ground and split his head open in front of the David Letterman theater over there. You know, those deaf people have attitudes. What do you mean, deaf people? The ones with the little earphones? They don't like that. It's just a zoo down there right now with a Travis Bickle head. Did she come in yesterday? I think so. I saw the helicopters yesterday. Oh, yeah? Yeah, I was down like on Wall Street area and I saw the helicopter. And there was Hillary. Must be Opie and Anthony. Oh, yeah, that's it. Yeah, by helicopter. Sure. I was on the Long Island Railroad this morning with a big fat guy sleeping on my shoulder. Who are you kidding, man? Did we pass miniola? Hillary's still using our tax dollars to travel to New York, too, by the way. Just wanted to remind you that. She didn't announce that she's actually a candidate for Senate. No. So, you know, she's been saving up money and getting donations when she announces that she's going to be a candidate. Then she has to use that money. Right. But now it's just, oh, now she's just taking a trip to New York. Bill, can I borrow the car? Exactly. Can I borrow the chopper and the Marines that fly it and the landing strip and the reroute in air traffic just because she got fat asses in the air? Oh, Christ. Woman makes me sick. It's going to be a joke on Letterman tonight. She's not going to answer anything tonight. What do you think? I know. It's just going to be stupid boring TV. What? They probably came up with some wacky bit. You know how Dave's been asking her to be on the show and asking and saying that they've been declining and declining. Now she's finally doing it. So expect some kind of a bit made out of that. And then it's just going to be her preaching and doing some Rudy bashing. She doesn't have an agenda like she's going to announce she's coming. She doesn't have an agenda. It depends on what the polls say. She doesn't even answer questions. Her popularity has gone down. It's below 50% for the first time. And Rudy's has remained the same. Well, his has dropped too, but he's in the lead. He's still in the lead. But if Letterman and his people had balls, I would like to have Rudy come on tonight. Oh, yeah. Don't even tell anyone. In the middle of the interview. Yeah, he just comes in and punches her right in the face. God, I'd laugh my ass off. They should reenact the Andy Kaufman, Jerry Lawler thing from the old days of Letterman. Rudy comes in with a neck brace on and smacks Hillary in the face. Hillary in the face, throws a cup of coffee on her lips. I'd have Lewinsky in. Like all of a sudden Monica Lewinsky just walks on and sits down next to her. And they go, well, what can we talk about? What do we both have in common? Oh, yeah, your husband's schlong. Now that'd be a show. You can only pray for something like that. It's going to be blah, blah, blah. Boring, boring stuff. She's going to promote herself, bash Rudy, and then walk off. What do you think are interesting? Tonight, Hillary Clinton. Hillary Clinton. David Letterman. And comedian Adam Ferrara. If we have time. Which we know now we don't. You can go home now. Mom and Dad. And take those people in the balcony with you. Yes, the big guy yelling at the page. Look, I've got to sit on the aisle because I need to go to the bathroom during a commercial. Who's got a problem? This is my reality. Welcome to it. But I think Psycho Mark's going to mess with people down there. Cool. Hopefully he'll get a message. There's all kinds of news trucks and everything down there. Hillary. Barbara. Hey. How are you, Barbara? What's up, guys? All right. I live around the block from Stonehenge. Oh, yeah. I've seen some of the girls that work at night. I can't even imagine what the day crew looks like. And the place that... what? Don't let the sunlight hit them. Please welcome to the main stage, Lestat. And the place that Anthony was talking about before used to be the Bull Creek. Oh, the Bull Creek. That was it. Now, how are you privy to such information, Miss? I needed to get some college. I live on Long Island. I live on Long Island. It's not that far. Yeah, every Long Islander knows all that. Remember the Brass Monkey? That's the one I'm thinking of. Yeah, I went to the Brass Monkey. Yeah, yeah. Oh, you were there that time. With my hair and your brother. And someone threw a shot glass at him. Yeah. And I think it was one of the girls. It was dancing. It was amazing. It was the girl with the hair lip. Projectile. Remember her? She ran out of pink lipstick. She ran out of ping pong balls that night. You mean this one? Is it two feet? We were goofing on her hair lip and she threw a shot glass at us. Does she have two feet? Yes, she has two feet. How about that? All right, guys. Have a good night. Thank you, Barbara. Bye. Yeah, the Brass Monkey. Let's see. The carousel, I remember when I was a kid. It's still there. Yeah, sure. It was right by the wagon wheel. And there was a place at the corner of Lockfield and Jericho Turnpike called the Voyage Inn. I mean, this was going back before I could ever even dream of it. I just remember exotic West Coast dancers. It's like, oh, what is that? And my father would be like, you know, all right, wait in the car. I got to talk. I got to talk to someone in here. And he'd go in there and like I'd be waiting there for hours just sitting in the car. I swear. And he'd come out, you know, all tanked and stuff. And the guy never made it. Never met me. Hold on. It's like he was in there watching nudes and stuff. Wow. Yeah. Thanks, Pop. I was on the road. Roll the window down a crack, could you? I'm getting a contact. I was in a what was it? Oh, Green Bay, Wisconsin. There's a strip club called Bean Snappers. Bean Snappers? I swear to God, you get in a car, you drive through the darkness because it's like there's no lights and nothing. It's like this is the place. I thought you meant it was a bad neighborhood. I thought maybe Adam was starting to get really politically incorrect. Where's the racist now? Jesus. So you drive through the darkness and you go to this in the middle of nowhere. This is like where like the flying saucers land. Yeah. They came down and looked at my ass. So it's an empty barn. It's a barn. There's like linoleum on the floor. There's a guy's no booze because you can't have naked girls in booze, but you got to spend like four bucks for cranberry juice. No, juice bar. It's a juice bar with naked girls, but you know the girls who drink, can I have the cranberry juice? Why, bladder infection, I'm up next. You know they got to. Just the scariest girls. I have an inflamed urethra. I could use the cranberry juice. We have so many stories on the line. Where do we want to go? Let's go to Joe. Joe, you're next on WNAW. What's up? Yo guys, one of my favorite topics of all time. I love the T-bars as we call them. Oh yeah. Patterson, New Jersey has some of these skankiest, let me tell you. There's three in a row on Market Street. They go from young Brazilian Russian girls and everything to like grandmothers, this one joint Moonlight. Oh, and you can do, with your clothes on, you can do almost anything in the three of them. Basically buy a chick a drink and you're married to her for that night. It's incredible. It's just not like nothing you've ever seen. You ever get out to New Jersey, go to Patterson, Market Street, ask anybody, they'll know what the three of them are talking about. Well, I like the skanky bars sometimes because they really appreciate the buck. When you go to the high class strip clubs and you get the girls that really look hot, you're not going to get anything for a buck. You slip them a five and they give you one quick little look and then you need at least a twenty for a lap dance. It's funny you say that because the hot of the chick, like the less you want to do, you know? It's like you go to the grandmother joint and there's no rule. Oh, you go to a skank club. Let me tell you, skank club, the tender trap, Jericho Turnpike Alley. Oh, yes. Yeah, right next to the radiator place. Let me tell you something. They got ten thousand dispensers on the wall. Yeah, you go in there for like a buck, you could get anything you want. The girls appreciate that. They look like war pigs, but for the love of God, for a buck, oh, they're appreciative. And they'll shake that flat, flabby ass right in your face. It's Borneo. They had the lost art in there too, Anthony. Ah, yes, the rug act. The rug dance, rug act. Yes, yes. Remember that? You rarely see the rug act anymore. Remember that? The girl would come out and she'd take a little blanket. She'd get that little quilt from when she was in ninth grade that Grandma quilted probably. Put it on the floor, hit the jukebox. We got tonight, who needs tomorrow? Let's make it less. And she's just like, just like raving on the floor. She's like a praying mantis. It's the rug act. With her hand lotion. Yeah, lotion. And then she's pointing it right at you. You know what I mean? Yeah. She's got her legs right at you. Who's going to flinch first? And she's off. You blinked. You made my eyes tear. You made me blink. The legs are going up and apart. And your buddies are trying to sneak a look over your shoulder. Like it's a peep show. Come on, hurry up before the quarter runs out. The rug act. You don't see that that much anymore. And I defy you to find a donkey show. We've got tonight. We've got tonight. Who needs tomorrow? The slow song. My first, my first strip club experience, the first song I ever heard in a strip club was House of the Rising Sun. There is a house in New Orleans. Like when the girl tries to dance though and then does that. Could you eject this song? I'm not feeling it. Eject. And she feels like she has to cover up at that moment. Now I'm naked. Yeah. Oh my God. Could you eject? I'm out of character. This has got to start over. Yeah. She likes you so much. She comes up and gives you the eyes. Right? She puts her breasts down towards you, grabs your dollar with her cleavage, gives you a little smile, a little wink, a little look, stands up, turns away, takes the buck and throws it in a pile with the other hand. Oh, I'm just a muck. I thought she liked me this time. I like the bachelor party. I thought we were going to do it. I thought we were going to go out after she got off work. What are you doing looking at my girl? I like the bachelor party because the bachelor is always like Kennedy drunk. Really? Yeah. And his friends are like, come on man, look at the way that dancer is looking at you. She likes you for you. It's not the fact we gave her $200. Oh yeah. She was a person. Out of the hundreds of bachelors she's hobbed. She really likes you. Hob. Hob. What kind of verb is that? Hob. To hob. We've got a speaking code on this show. Our buddy Foot is on the line. Foot! Hey, what's up man? What's up? Hey, just tune into the show. I don't know if there's a couple of stories the guys didn't tell you about the time that we were at the tender trap and Anthony started goofing on this Native American dancer. It was an Indian. Oh yeah, I was calling her squad. Yeah, and Anthony starts going, booooo. Right on stage. She got pissed. She stops, man. She starts yelling at Anthony. I'm like, hmm, very sorry. Me heap, heap sorry. Me piss him you off. White man, screw me. We open casino. No kidding. Hey, hey, hey. Try dancing to this, squawk. I remember that because you go, what are you going to do, make it rain? She's doing a rain dance. I don't know if Adam told this story, when Adam was over, where the hell was he? He went over to Billy Joel's house, knocked on the door and asked him where the carousel was. Oh, you're going, what was I? I was like 14 years old. You knocked on Billy Joel's house? Yeah. Yeah. I was lost. I knew who lived there. I knew he lived there. Was that Lloyd Neck? There was one of the cool ones. There was one of the house in Lloyd Neck. Ozzy was with me. He goes, where the hell are we? I said, oh, I know who lives here. Pull over. I know who lives here. Oh, I did. I saw it. He didn't know you. What were you doing in that area? There's nothing there. I think we were in the fencing truck. We were working. Of course, because you only go there during the day when you're working. We were working during the day and we finished the job early. I'm like, I don't want to go back to the shop now. Phil will put me on a forklift. I want to go out. Ozzy goes, how are we going to get out of here? He said, pull over here. I know the guy that lives there. Well, he goes, who lives there? I go, you don't know him. So I got out and knocked on the door and he came out. Billy Joel. Did he know? Yeah, he knew. It wasn't always Billy Joel. He had a day job. He was a good guy. He was a good guy. He was a good guy. I'm going to go. Hey, before I go, you say you're going to Thursday show? Sure. You got to go to Friday show. Why? Every special guest MC. Oh, is jokes of T. Curry going to be MCing the show? Jokes of Curry MCing the Friday show. Joseph Curry. Way to go, bud. See you guys later, man. So many goddamn comics plugging their goddamn shows on this goddamn show. This is the Friars Club. This is the Friars Club. This is the Friars Club. All right, Adam Friar in studio playing governors Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Call for ticket info, okay? Yeah, we got to take a break. We'll be back. Opie and Anthony. Come on, those guys are fast. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. It's Opie, it's Anthony, it's Adam Friar in the studio having lots of fun today. Hope you're enjoying it. Thanks for watching. We'll see you next time. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. We had lots of fun today. Hope you're enjoying the festivities. Where's Anthony? Man, I saw NYPD Blue last night finally, the season premiere. January 12th. Season premiere. Yeah, they pushed it way back. What was their reasoning? Well, I guess because it wasn't doing well in the ratings. No, I thought it was doing very well, but they had some other show on that they... But I thought at first that it was dipping a little bit in the ratings, so they backed off to give this other show a chance. No, they used it. They used that time slot to launch the other show, which is like that once and again over and under. What was the one about? The only two divorced people. We got caught having sex again. Damn. You know that one. Yeah. Yeah, really? Who cares? But NYPD Blue, very good. I've been watching it for a couple of years now, and I thought it was pretty good. Rick Schroeder, always surprising the hell out of me when I see him, because you expect little Ricky Schroeder. Sure. And he turns out to be a pretty good actor. Yeah, he's like a good actor. And then the end of the show. Ah, boobage. Right there, Channel 7. They're doing that like crazy. ER had a nice boob shot, didn't they? A few weeks back, sure. Yeah, but ER, when they do it, it's usually some breast cancer show. I hate that. No, that's the truth. It's like a double-edged sword. It's singing a boo, but it's like, ah, you know, it's under bad circumstance. It was Rebecca DeMoray. Vice. Yeah. Rebecca DeMoray. DeMoray, okay. She was in bed on top, and they had the, they used to have just the back shot of the, you know, the topless woman. Oh, they're swinging that camera around. They're swinging the camera around now, and it's like side, leading toward front boob shots now. Yeah, Rick Schroeder was with this chick last night. It was an on-pit view. Well, it's even more so. I mean, it's everything but the nip. He's making out with this girl and stuff, and like grinding on her and everything, and then the camera kind of goes around to see side boob, and she had some, oh, cool, major dairy. Yeah, they were very nice, and then the camera kept going around a little more, and you see a little more of the boob. Channel 7, I'm like, oh, look at this. And didn't he use the P word last night? Yeah, take a piss. Oh, yeah, well, I don't know if we could say that. We did. I don't know if we made it out over the air. If they say it on network TV, why can't we say it on the radio? I don't know. There's a different set of rules. Take a P. Take a P, they said, but they used a real word. Right. He was grabbed as schlong, as junk, as junk, shook it at some guy. As junk. It makes a metal sound. We have code words for everything on the show, Adam. Oh, we're using the word scumbag. Scumbag and scales. Scales. Oh, I love that when they, what was that thing? What do they call it when the cops are beating up the guy? Keed him up a little or? They keyed up a scale. God damn, that show rules. We keyed up a scale. Very nice. Very nice. Yeah, so I was. I'm keeing up some scale that deserved it. That deserved it. I got stuck watching. Kiss my junk. I want to be a millionaire. You watched I want to be a millionaire. Gelman. It's like crack though. I don't know why I want to watch that. Is that your final answer? It's the stupidest show on TV, but I watch it every time I'm flipping around. Yeah, but you want to know something? If I was on that show and you let you make that phone call, I wouldn't call anyone I know because they're idiots. If I called you, first of all, I couldn't get through because of your phone system, Ant. Joan of Arc has an easier time delivering a message than calling this guy. The party's not accepting messages. Please, face Mecca, last the blanket, let the smoke signals rise, and then get to you by the power of your intention. How badly do you want to speak to him? That is true, Ant. Is it? Yeah. I never try to call me. Oh, it kills me. You should. It kills me because we have decisions to make and stuff, and now Ant is like you just can't get a hold of him. Oh, come on. Oh, come on. My phone? It's right here. You don't turn it on, though. You don't turn it on. Maybe there's a message on here. Yeah. There's probably a few. You know how old that message is. Flash, Anthony, Lucky Lindy made it. The French go wild. Doughboys hit Europe. Now, come on. Babe hits home run, saves orphan's life. X-Tree, X-Tree. X-Tree, X-Tree. I would use a fake. How would you use a fake? How bad could it be? It comes on and says, oh, voicemail. Oh, it's horrible. You have like a six hour delay. Yeah. If we want to try to make plans with you for dinner, we better call it like 10 in the morning. I called you to get a beer and shoot pool in 1974. I just got that one. I know. I remember it. How funny is it to see Anthony with technology, though? He always had technology. You were on the internet. You had the AP wire into that lousy apartment. Remember the honeycomb hideout? Yeah. Well, he had an AP wire hooked in that he got into like 10th. Yeah, really? And I had what I had was my Commodore 64 computer hooked up to my black and white television. And I was online with a 300 baud motor. Not mega baud, people. Not kilobaud. I'm talking 300 baud. That was it. And I used to go to these chat rooms and play trivia. The question would come up. I'd type it in. A sentence in text, one sentence text would take like a minute to transmit over. And we were sitting there mesmerized. You know what it was like? I'm online. It was like we were terrorists because we had all this technology and in a hovel. You know what? And we had like... And you didn't have enough rent money. No, and we just didn't have enough rent money. There was no rent money. The place was falling down. I remember that. It was like I had to come up with money for rent or go to Toys R Us and buy a Commodore 64. So we're online. Absolutely. Trying to hide from the landlord. The landlord. He used to come banging on the door. Hi. Hi. And Adam's like, your car's outside, you idiot. Where are you going to hide? I'm out. Hide. Don't say anything. Tell him I'm not here. He'll go away. He always goes away. He's like, I'm a squatter. He was funny because every time the landlord would knock on the door, he's like, Elmer Fudd, play dead. He won't hurt you if he thinks you're dead. And he was like this big bear came sniffing around and Anthony's just sitting there like a corpse. Pesky landlord. What does he want now? Money? How dare him? And then we'd give it to him after a while. Go in the hole in the sheetrock. He doesn't check the walls. You know, it was easy for him because since we never paid him, we never asked him to do anything because we never wanted him there. So, you know, if there was a hole in the wall or something or a leak, who cares? He made it work for you. We live with it. We live by the fountain. We live with it. We live with it a lot. It was like those bullet holes from the BB gun. That was from us. We were shooting the walls. It's like, oh my God, there's bullet holes in the wall. That was us. You have to check out your new rifles when you buy them. You can't be bothered with driving down in the rain. You just blow off a few into the wall. Guns don't kill people. Anthony kills people. I don't think I've ever killed anything. You've named and I have the scar to prove it. Hey, Dave, you're next on the show. What's up? Hey, boys, great hour, first of all. It's as funny as hell. Having fun with my pal. I got one of the sickest go-go stories ever. I used to bounce at a bar in Central Jersey. I'm sitting by the door to one day and this lady comes in. Now she looks about 50 years old, but she could have been 100 years old. All disheveled. She's carrying this little bag and she comes over to me and she's like, I'm here for my audition. I'm like, wait a minute. Do you have the right place here? Look what kind of bar this is. So she's like, oh yeah, I set this up with the manager. So I show her where to go get changed. She comes around 15 minutes later. She's got this long black like sundress on. So I say to her, I'm like, you know, I hope you're losing that once you get up on stage. And as I'm looking at her, I'm really thinking, well, I hope you really don't lose this when you get up on stage. So she gets up on stage, she dances around for a while. All of a sudden the sundress comes off and all I hear is just groans from these guys at the end of the bar. I get up, I walk down the other end, I look at her. First of all, the belly's hanging over this little pink bikini that she's got on. Man, tell me more. And she's got candy hose on, which right there I'm going, holy Christ. And then this guy goes, oh my God, it's her time of the month. Look at the size of that pad that she's got on. Exactly. I never saw a guy clear out of a bar quicker in my whole life. I'm like, lady, you've got to get off the stage right now. You're killing business, man. Oh, man. That's funny. I wonder why they hire that. It was frightening, guys. All right, Dave, thank you. See you guys. All right, let's go to Luke. That's what it was also. Got to say, the term is tuned up. Tuned up, not keyed up. OK. They tuned, the cops tuned them up. Tuned up? What the hell? It was I, little rough. We tuned them up. We tuned them up a little. Tuned up. They needed a tune up. I love it. What'd you do? I had to go out and tune up a scale. Now tell me how to do my job. There's a retired cop in the line. John, what's up? Yeah, that's exactly what we were just talking about. You know, with a guy, we used to give him an option. We used to take him out on the back. So you want to tune him up or, you know, you could take him and write you up. One or the other. Tune up or write up? That was it, you know. So when you tuned them up, what did that entail? You'd smack them around a little bit just so you saw your point of view a little bit better than you had before you picked them up. Wow. Oh my goodness. Oh, I wound up. You can't do it now because they got the frigging cameras all over the place. Yeah. You know, between the photograph and the cars going through the intersections and everything else. They got them in the cars. Yeah. Now, did you ever have to change somebody's mind or way of thinking? Of course. You had a couple of tune-ups in your day? It was a lot easier in the early 70s, let me put it that way. Yeah. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But you know, these guys didn't respect. That's exactly what the whole show was about. You're talking about the COVID, right? Yeah. No, no, no. Why? Come on, I'm kidding. Jesus Christ. You've got to make a joke. Yeah, he didn't respect the bands or anybody else. That's what it boils down to. And then we had a guy say something. I'm horrified. The COVID hit him too. I'm kidding. All right, John. All right. Take care. Thank you. He says early 70s. That was a term used back then. Early 70s. Not the 1870s. What was that? Good googly moo. It's the office. What the hell was that? The early 70s. I had to tune up chicken joe. Hey, Luke, you're next on WNEW. Hello. Hey, you're up. All right. I want to tell you guys a quick story. There's a deli up in Middletown that is a topless deli. Ugh. A topless deli. Yeah, it's the strangest thing in the world. I was up there with a friend of mine. I was helping him out doing some work. And we were just driving around seeing what's going on. You know, it was tough to get a soda or whatever. And we go into this place to get like a sandwich or stuff. And we look in the back and there's this back room. And there's this chick dancing around. And there's a guy sitting down at the table eating a sandwich. And we're like, what the hell is going on? And we're like, what the hell is going on? And we're just driving around seeing what's going on. You know, it was tough to get a soda or whatever. We go into this place to get like a sandwich or stuff. And we look in the back and there's this back room. And there's this chick dancing around. And there's a guy sitting down at the table eating a sandwich. Oh, god. Yeah. Some things don't mix. Yeah. It was real wrong. I don't know. It was weird. I'm not familiar. I don't really know exactly where it is. It was like pretty much a mill and nowhere up there. But I don't know if anybody put it out. How does she slice the ham? What then? Oh. Or the pepperoni. Well, the pepperoni. Let it get over the slicer if you're topless. Yeah, really. Well, it was like a cutout. It was like a pepper room just for that. In the back, it was weird. Oh, it was deli and dancing? Yeah, pretty much. Like a bodega. That's great. All right, Luke. All right, thank you. Yeesh. Yee-hoo. Yeah, I never even went for like, you walk into some of these strip clubs and they got the big hero, you know, the big 10-foot hero or something. I didn't even want to go over there. You know, they had to bring it through the back door, you know that. What else is happening in that back room? Imagine just biting into it all of a sudden. Oh, a condom. All right. Just like that Little Rascals episode with the cake when a hairbrush was... Wee. Rawr. Wee. Rawr. Wee. Rawr. Rawr. I like my brush. My brush. I got a doorknob. Mouse trap on the lip. Wee. Rawr. Wee. Rawr. Wee. Rawr. Let's take a break, guys. Adam Ferraro in the studio helping us out today. My body's on it, but I ain't gonna choke Simon. Adam playing Governor is Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Call Governors for ticket info, okay? Rawr. Opie Sanfordy. Opie Sanfordy. 1027 WNEW. 27 WNEW is your name today. You're on the air. I saw that one over the holiday. Honeymoon is a marathon. I'm listening, Norton. You're on the air. I'm sorry, Rawr. The whole body comes. The whole body comes. When, uh, and then people were calling up. I guess it was on Channel 11. They were all pissed off. Because, what the hell is that? Is there a tune playing? Oh, is it that one? I was just hearing the beat and then the rest of the song. No, I kicked it. I'm sorry. Channel 11 was playing the Honeymoon is marathon over the New Year's Eve holiday. And, uh, all of a sudden Saturday morning comes, 8 o'clock or 7 o'clock in the morning, they switch to like Pokemon. Pokemon? That would piss off a lot of people. And the listing in the paper and stuff said it was going to be a marathon. All the way until 6 o'clock on Saturday night. Right. But they know they can make all kinds of money by putting the Pokemon on from all the commercials that they run. So they totally took the Honeymoon is off until noon. And then put them back on. People calling up? Yeah. Hell yeah. Honeymoon is fans? Yeah. What are you doing with Pokemon? Ha ha ha. Norton. Ha ha ha. It's just wise guy in a Weizenheimer. Cranmars. Distinguished mystery meat appetizers. Uh, we're off. What's up, Pokemon? Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. I don't know, Norton. I did not like the entertainers in mind. Remember? Tommy Shaw and the Stoy Piana. Ha ha ha. Little Jack Little. Basil Fomin. Ha ha ha. Who was in the movie they were watching? Oh yeah. Gene Frizzy, Buddy Epson. Ha ha ha. Gene Frizzy. Yeah, and Buddy Epson. Yeah. You guys did watch a lot of TV. I don't remember that one. That was the one with the TV set. Captain Video. Captain Video. Captain Video. Captain Video. Who went around the room? Ha ha ha. Stereo. Ha ha ha. We had a coat. So I go on a date and I set up Jimbo. We had another friend Jimbo. We set him up on his blind date. And it was the girl I was seeing at the time. How old was he? He was about six. He was about six. He was about six. He was about six. And I go, I'm the girl I was seeing at the time. Her friend. And I go, look, just give me a signal if you don't like this girl. So we're sitting out at dinner and in the middle of a conversation he stands up and goes, whoa, it sure looks like rain tonight. Ha ha ha. Wow. They used to have some funny stuff on that show that like you couldn't even get away with now. Yeah. Like with Garrity. Remember when Garrity was mouthing off to Cramden? Yeah. Ralph Cramden sticks his head out the window and goes, home a little early tonight, Garrity. What, the saloon burned down? You go to them strip clubs during the day, aren't you? You get lazy, Garrity. Hey, Ralph, mind if I smoke? I don't care if you burn. We watched him for hours. The apartment was, I swear to God, Pee-wee's Playhouse. Boys, TV, and beer. That guy wants to talk like Ralph for you guys. Glenn? Yeah. All right, go ahead. You're on the air, man. We don't need a telephone, Alice. Get it taken out. If you don't have a motorboat with three propellers, I'll go somewhere else. They'll never figure it out. Now, I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Do you really need that? You've been drinking? How long have you been playing, Black Jack? Go back to the room. Craps today, Adam? Yeah. I see we're at the dice table again. I need my mother's voice. My mother bought me an answering machine and you know, I want to talk to you, but beep. 1142. That little tramp Stephanie called. Don't call her back. Joseph called. He's on the drugs again. Have you been to Atlantic City lately? This is the last time you came down to see me play there. God damn, I couldn't believe that. That was fun. We all go down to Atlantic City to see our pal Adam. I'm playing the Tropicana. He's playing the TROP in Atlantic City. Now, what do you think? You're thinking, my pal, he made it. He's playing the TROP. He made it. I'm thinking the TROP again. I'm thinking Hospitaliana. Yeah, that's what I'm thinking. I understand, but I'm thinking it. He's like, come on. I got a room. You don't have to worry about a room. I got each, everything. Everything's taken care of. You just get your ass down here. Everything will be taken care of. We're taking a whole crowd of you girls out to the Hong Kong Garden. Hong Kong Garden. I'm like, this is great. My pal Adam made it. He's in Atlantic City, the TROP. Jesus Christ. We go down there. It was a lot of you, your brother, foot, the girls. I'm like, let's go to the TROP. Oh, well, we can't go there for the room. Well, what? Well, I'm not staying at the TROP. Well, you play in the TROP. Yeah, but I'm not playing in the big room. No, no, no. I was playing the con. I wasn't staying at the TROP. Remember how to call my father? That's what I mean. He's staying at some little free bag hotel. They put you up like across the street, like the room where they keep the patio furniture. Yeah. I'm like, this is the TROP. The bed comes out of the wall. It was like the bed came out of the wall and I wasn't heavy enough to keep it down. It's true. I slept on my head at the wrong end. So I would like inhale and the bed would come up. I would exhale. It was a cartoon. I would inhale, the bed came out, exhale, went down. It's not the TROP. Oh, I'm all bummed out. I got you free eats though, didn't I? Yeah. Then I'm figuring, okay, well, at least we'll go to the TROP and get something to eat. He gives me these vouchers that were expired for food. And he goes, look, we're going to go into the kitchen, directly into the kitchen and just grab food. He goes, it's okay. All the help does this. I go, I'm not the help. He goes, just don't let them know that. He goes, walk in, walk to the food. Do not make eye contact with anybody. If anyone asks who you are, your, do you remember the name of the band? You're with the band. Oh yeah. Sunny Blue and the Sky Notes or something? Sunny Blue and the Sky Notes. He goes, tell them you're with Sunny Blue and the Sky Notes. Well, that's what he looks like, a Sky Note. I'm like, yeah, so I'm grabbing my food. I want to cover myself. I'm just going, ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba. You know, thinking people look at me and go, he must be with Sunny Blue and the Sky Notes. He's the bass. I grab like, like I was foraging, like it was a care package dropped in Afghanistan or something. I just grab a roll and some butter and run away. You know what it was like? It was like that supermarket show where you've got to get the food because you're under a time constraint. Yeah, supermarket sweet. I'm just grabbing stuff and then ran out of there waiting for like security to grab me and take me out of there. That was the food portion of it. And then he's not playing the big role. Well, I was starting out. I know. You didn't tell us that. He wouldn't come down. I know. So then we went to the casino and gambled away our 20 bucks that we had. We played all night. Yeah, we did. We were winning. We had a heart attack because Joe Buck was playing $25 a hand. We were all standing behind him at the time. And he was, he had like welts on his face. He was breaking out in hives and sweating. He's got a $50 bet out and he doubles down. He's like, oh, and we're broke. $25 chip to us is like, oh. It was like the courtroom drama. It's a green chip. It's a green chip. Oh my God. It's a green chip. Joe Buck's going to need a lot of weed when he gets back to the room. Yeah, it was like, this one's for Birdie. It's the A-Team, the Masters champion. He's got the green. He's drawn a 15. This is where men are made of. The dealer showing a two and not flinching. Should he hit? How long did it take before he hit? He hit all his money. No, he actually walked away winning. We were playing that goofy game Red Dog. Red Dog, which is AC-Ducy. AC-Ducy. And we all know how small the pots get on AC-Ducy. Bet the pot. When you play at home. That is the, every time I have a poker game with two clowns, it all starts out fun and game. Quarter max, nickel dime, we'll do it this way. After about an hour, an hour and a half of drinking beer. All right, AC-Ducy, no limit. Put your cards on the line. I bet a kidney. It's like, okay, ace, deuce. Now you know the object of the game. You've got to get in between the cards that are drawn. So if you've got a deuce and an ace, the ace is high. The only thing that could F you is an ace or a deuce. Sure. When you have an ace and deuce out, you've got to pay double the pot. Pot, ace. We're dying laughing and the guy that just screwed up has to go in. I remember someone signing a paycheck over. They were fucked. Signing a paycheck over to the pot. And then everyone's scared to hit pot. Yeah. That's funny. All right, there's a guy on hold. Bobby, Bobby. Hold on, let me tell Bobby to stay there. Bobby. Yeah. All right, bro. Okay. All right, Bobby has a story about a 50-year-old stripper ant. And if you have something for the show, give us a call. 212-757-1027. Sometimes you feel like a mess. Booty dooty. Sometimes you don't. You guys are going to burn in hell. OPM after this. 1027-WNEW. 1027-WNEW. It's Opie and Anthony and Adam Ferrier. We've got to go to Bobby's story on line nine, right guys? Oh, yeah. Bobby. Bobby, you're next on NNEW. How you doing? How you doing? I'm doing good. All right. Hey, listen, I'm a fireman in the city, right? And once a year we have these, like, a retirement party. You know, guys retire, they get made, they get promoted, they leave the house. So we get a volunteer house out on the Long Island. And we have a party. I handled all the food and I told this one guy, listen, get some entertainment. So what he does, you guys, these girls, I did the shankiest things I've ever seen in my life. I mean, they're popping out ping pong balls, you name it. But the best was they had this 50-year-old woman come. And she's, guys? Yeah, we're waiting. I thought I lost you. I'm on the call for you. They had this 50-year-old woman come. I mean, she had more baggage. She had a whole bag of tricks. Next thing I turned around, there's a line going out the bathroom. That would be 15, 20 guys, five bucks a day. She's doing guys in the bathroom. She's doing guys... I got guys coming out asking me for fives. Hey, you got change? You got change? She's doing guys in the bathroom for five bucks? Five bucks a day. What the hell's that, Ant? Oh, my God! Hello? Buddy? Hello? You still there? Is that an Apache helicopter? I believe it was, Anthony. With a thermal sight? Poor guy didn't even see it coming, Ant. No, not a comment from him. You're in your car, you got to look in front of you, to the left, to the right, and above. You don't know where it's coming from. Little sneak attack there. It's coming out of the dash! Ah, Stu, what's going on? Gotta watch out for those choppers, guys. Real quick, you know, born and raised in New Jersey. So, I've been going to Go-Go bars my whole life. Went down to the University of Maryland to go to college. Met some friends one day at Baltimore. I don't know if you guys ever been to Baltimore. I know the Go-Go bars there. It's a lot different than New Jersey. To make a long story short, we'll walk in. There's like a 60-year-old midget there. She come on. A fidget? A 60-year-old fidget stripper? Well, this is the thing. Comes down, sits next to you. Hey, buy me a drink. No, no thanks, I'm OK. No, come on, buy me a drink, I'll keep you company. Nah, it's OK. What do you want, a sarsaparilla? Yeah, OK, OK, I'll take a glass of wine. A 60-year-old midget bar? That's an interesting thing. You know, it's weird. You grow up in Jersey. If they serve liquor, they can only be topless. Or if it's a juice bar, they can do certain things. You go to another state, you don't know what the deal is. To make a long story short, this place was definitely servicing people in the back. We'd like to buy a bottle of champagne for $60. The wet room or whatever it was called. The bubble room. The champagne room. She's trying to set us up to meet her 16-year-old friend after hours. And to try to impress me, she told me she could stick us in. What is this guy on a record album? Sounds like one of my old... What do you want, a fog hat live? A fog hat live. Needle bird. She told me she could put a cigarette you know where and break it off at the buck. All right. Well, a 60-year-old, what kind of... What do you do after the service? I don't know where I'm from. You know you want to see it. You're curious. Yeah, I would check that out. There you go. Thank you, Stu. That's the tent at the carnival. That little tent where all the freaks are. I used to love that growing up. I saw Colosseum when the circus came to town. They just don't have the freak shows anymore. What about the guy that discovered her? Getting on the phone, get me Klondike 44429. Hello, it's Nick Freed. I love the references. Get me Butterfield 6628. Stop the presses. Hey, Billy. Hey, guys, man, that was funny. Is that a helicopter? I wanted to say it so bad I started cracking up when I heard it coming. That's our new one, man. Oh, I'm sorry. I thought it was funny. Keep it on the QT, man. Hey, yo, me and my cousin were in a strip club in Alaska. The Northern Exposure Showgirls. What do the girls look like there? They're horrible. The girl is dancing and she's talking to us at the same time. I hate that. I don't even want to make eye contact with them. What about the lap dance? And they have small talk? The girl in Alaska is like, I'm just working here until I fix my transmission in my truck. There's other girls. She's meowing and stuff. I just wanted to shut up. The funny thing is there's a bunch of freaks around there. It was my cousin's first time in the strip club. The girl comes up to him and he's got a dollar bill. He's all anxious to put it in. She comes up and she sticks it in his mouth. She grabs the back of his head and takes it out with her inner thighs. Real close. My cousin's got this look on his face. He's so excited. I look out around the table where they're dancing. Every other guy has a dollar bill hanging out of their mouth. It's hilarious. Hell yeah. Thanks, guys. I hate the small talk. When you're dancing, you're not going to get the money. You set up for the lap dance and they're waiting for the next song to start. They give you a little small talk. Where are you from? I'm thinking of going to school. I'm thinking of being an actress. I'm up for a part in an Australian film. I'm leaving Thursday. That's real cute, honey. Take off your clothes. I'm going to court reporter school. I'm going to work a little black and white. Then the song starts. She's moving like she wants to F you like an animal. The song ends. She's grinding on you like she owes you money. The song's over. Back to sweet and innocent. Back to humping. A stripper with no teeth. Abe, what's up? Hey, how's it going, guys? Listen, man. I got the worst story for you. I was in a strip club. This old woman comes up to me. She must have been about 163 years old. She was about 163. She came up and she's like, you need some company? I was like, no, that's okay. But you can go over to my friend over there. He loves some company. She's like, no, but I want to hang out with you. She smiled at me. She had nothing but gums in her mouth. Nothing but gums. She looked like her teeth were freshly pulled before she walked in the door with a pair of pliers. It was drippy, little gummy pieces hanging from her mouth. I mean, I can't even get it. If somebody's into gum jobs or whatever, you can go ahead and get that kind of stuff. My name is Ginger Vitis. But I mean, yes. It's like, ugh. It was some of the ugliest stuff that I'd ever seen. It turned me off for the rest of the night. I wanted to go back and just chuck up everything that I had for lunch that day. It was the nastiest. Very good. All right, brother. Be cool. First lady on the show today, I believe. We had one earlier. Hey, you guys. I was waiting for, hey, no, I'm a guy. This is Stacey, the lactating mom. You guys remember me? Yeah, remember I was going to come in and lactate for you guys? I told you I have a contest. You wanted me to come in. Yeah, you blew us off. Yeah, well, I stopped. I'm done. We're still looking for ladies to come in and lactate for us. I recently started dating this guy. Younger guy. And we've been going to the bars. Last weekend we went to a bar and PA together. And, you know, he's flipping the girls the dollars and they're looking at me, winking at me. And we go in the back, we get a last dance. Of course, after we leave the bar, it's the greatest sex ever. My man got a rusty that night. Oh, yeah. We weren't paying attention because on line 11 I saw that nose of stripper with a bullet hole in her ass. Stacey, hold on. We'll continue your story in a second. Hey, Bob. Hey, how's it going, guys? This can't be real. You know the place, I bet you do. It's King Arthur's in Chelsea, Massachusetts. King Arthur's? Where were we at that place then? Oh, I bet you weren't. We did just about every strip club in Boston. None of them are in Boston. It's Flash Hotel. It's joint Flash gambling parlor, Keno Action. And she had a bullet hole in her ass? Well, my friend, we were asking. She had a pretty bad scar on her ass. And we got the courage up to ask her. And sure enough, got shot in the ass by her boyfriend. But it was an accident. Swear to God. That's it, guys. Thanks a lot. Wait, did you say why? No, she said it was an accident. That's funny. I was cleaning my ass and I was like, That's funny. I was cleaning my ass and it went off. Thank you, bud. I'm laughing because you see like the ring. You see like the ring. Oh! You can't say that. You cannot put the... Well, let's try. Is that spelled right? Duncan, you're making us laugh our asses off. You gotta be careful. All right, talk in code. You know all the code words for this radio show, right? Yes, sir. I don't know if there's a code word for this. It's no balloon knot or junk kind of situation. But I'll do my best. There used to be this strip joint called The Goat in Hunts Point. It's called The Goat. It's called The Goat Bar and Grill. It closed before you guys got to town. All the girls had goatees? Dude, it was worse than that. It was so gnarly. You're going first of all. All they sold were nips of blood for like two bucks. Lap dances were like a dollar fifty. Discount booby ball. You got what you paid for. Two for two fitty. There was no stage. All they did was like a regular bar. You know, you have bottles on one side, bottles on the other. They took the bottles from one side and the girl would just stand there. No lights. They just have a guy with a flashlight pointing it at her. So this girl, she looks real hot. You know, you could tell she's stumbling. She couldn't even make it up there. She bends over. They're totally nude. She bends over. Her little brown eyes winking at you. And some stuff comes out of it. That shit comes out of it. That's a chip joint. It was so nasty, dude. Marathon. Basically, you want to say that we can't say it, huh? It had something to do with a crab. It was. It was loosey goosey. Alright, Duncan. Thank you. You got it, brothers. This show's going wrong once again. Tony! Listen, you guys might remember this place. It was right near the Stonehenge and Brass Monkey. It was called the Gaslight Lounge. Ah, the Gaslight, yes. They had all these round tables. You'd always lose your beer because the tables were show shaky. One time, a girl steps off the stage onto the table and the whole table snaps off. And wax is right in her head. She's laying there on the floor in the heat. Real mess. They were real class joints. Give her a dollar to do that again. Yeah. Thank you, Tony. Alright, back to Stacey. Alright, Stacey. What are you laughing at? Me and my girlfriend were just discussing. So you guys like going to the bars, huh? Yeah, we definitely like going to the bars together. I don't think the females have anything to worry about. And I actually, one of the girls invited me up on the stage. And I did, you know, I was dressed. But I did a little number for my boy and he of course liked it. It's a little crazy, but you know, we have fun. The ladies should definitely not worry about the go-go bars. If anything, go with your man. It turns me on anyway. Alright. You like that, huh? Oh yeah, and definitely the sex is better. It's way better when you hit home and everything's all good. Alright, thank you, Stacey. You evil thing! I know that, but you like that, don't you? Yeah. Hey, Psycho Mark, you heading down to... Yeah, I was just over there. I just took a look over there. What's it looking like? Just a bunch of fools hanging out in front waiting for a carpet bagger to show up. Any signs or anything? People kind of like holding signs. There was one guy walking around with a sign. He looked very, very angry and was making all kinds of... What did the sign say? I didn't even see it. You gotta get in the face of some Hillary supporters. How about you go up with a big sign that just says Hillary is a C-word? You know? Oh my God, imagine that. Just marching around with that one. How long before the Secret Service tackles you? Yeah, probably. So you're gonna head down there and get in some trouble or what? Well, if we had press passes, I'd be all set. I'd go right into the thing. Don't let that stop you. Why can't we get some from wins? Let me tell you something. They don't want to ruin their credibility, really. If a stripper can take a bullet, come on. Yeah, she took one in the ass, come on. Take one for the taste. Mark takes a bullet. Sure, why not? A walk's as good as a hit, you're on base. Hillary Clinton. Thank you, Mark. Bring the bullhorn. I'm just gonna haggle. I'm just gonna sit there and haggle. Well, call soon, because we're taking a break, and we want to go to you real soon. Hillary, Hillary, where's your husband's weenies while you're here? Do you know where your husband's swing is? We've got one hot northwest corner. Northwest corner. Move in slow. Don't alarm him. Glazed over look, left eye spinning west, right eye spinning east. Secret service might have to borrow our helicopter. Oh, yeah. Air striking on Psycho Mark. Alright, well get out there, man. We'll come up with something for the sake of it. Hillary, Hillary, your clock. That's him. That's the one. Alright, and as we go to break, a couple things real fast. Steve, on the unofficial website, both me and Anthony website put up the clip of the couple having sex at the baseball game. That is a great clip. Oh, is that the best or what? People don't understand when you're at a ballpark, even if the place is empty and you are in the upper deck, and you can't even see a person around you. The TV cameras can zoom in on the pictures, the pores on his nose as he's pitching the ball. You think they can zoom in on what you're doing? Yeah. And a camera caught a couple having sex. Sex? They were banging up there in the upper deck. The guy's looking around like, oh, this is cool. No one can see me. He's sitting in the seat, the girl's sitting on his lap, and they are just banging. And it's all captured on video tape. Now George Orwell's looking down and going, see? I told you. You didn't believe me, did you? And even bang your butt at the ballpark. So now it's for everyone to see all over the world. It's on the internet. And Steve put it on the unofficial website. It's great stuff. And real fast, a lot of people are requesting the trailer for The Soul of Nigga Charlie, Anthony. The Soul of Nigga Charlie. What is this? It's a movie from the 70s, one of those black exploitation films from the 70s, which are making a huge comeback now. You know that? A lot of blacks are seeing these things as part of their culture and everything and really embracing them now. Superfly. Yeah, things like that. I was watching Shiba. Cleopatra Jones. I was watching Shiba. Shiba Baby. Right after we were talking about all this. Well, we want to see Nigga Charlie Rides Again and The Soul of Nigga Charlie, which are two movies that came out. These are real movies from the 70s. And we have the trailer. And this is the actual trailer. Should we play it now or do you want to take a break? No, play it now. Screw the break. So let me plug it in. It's a professional radio show for God's sake. It's just like the apartment. I'm still plugging things in. There's a stereo around the room, Ralph. Bison, where's the stereo? That's my beer, not that one. That's mine. This was a clip, like I said, a movie trailer from the 70s. It's real. This isn't baloney. Who put it out? What's Movie Studio? I don't know. I think, what was it, Paramount or something? I think they said it. Black cowboys row in the plane. They couldn't read or write. But they sure could ride. Didn't you? They were men with souls. And like Nigger Charlie. Now we ride again. Soul of Nigger Charlie. This time Charlie's got an army behind him. A whole damn army. Silly, old, green, black brothers out plotting and out fighting the entire weapon. Nigger Charlie's on the loose again. This time he's got his soul brothers with him. Watch out! You boy! Nigger Charlie. Mister Nigger Charlie. Mister Nigger Charlie. Paramount Pictures presents Matt Williamson and the Soul of Nigger Charlie. Under 17, not admitted without parents. Nigger Charlie back. You better watch out. Right after McClendon's tickle. Can you believe that? Oh my god! That's hysterical. Thunderbird driving is the best part. Now you know what that movie's all about. Nigger Charlie and his posse ride into the west and just shoot up Whitey. You think there's a subtext? I believe that's it. Oh my god! What are we going to do, boss? Here comes Nigger Charlie! Where's the guy starring Nigger Charlie? I don't even know what his name was. Here comes Nigger Charlie and his posse riding into town. What are we going to do, boss? I'll take care of Nigger Charlie. Oh my god! And I can see it's probably like that. And then there's probably like the white whore from the whorehouse. Oh, Nigger Charlie! You know? And she's all nitty gritty. Please baby, I am not from Havana. Damn snitching groovings will wear you out, man. That's hysterical. We've got to find out who started it. It was probably the guy from who played Bookman on Good Times. Johnny Brown. Is that a name, Johnny? Johnny Brown. Please, Nigger Charlie. Oh my god, is that fun. But yeah, it was back in the 70s. 1972. Yeah, somewhere around there. Let's take a break. Hopefully Psycho Mark will check in a few minutes from outside the Letterman studio. It's a night on David Letterman, Hillary Clinton, and Nigger Charlie. Special guest, Nigger Charlie! Jesus, man. Movie star, Nigger Charlie! It was the 70s, you know? Hillary Clinton. More to come. Atta Farah in the studio. Musical guest, the Cheese Monkey! Playing Governors Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Call Governors for ticket info. You guys sometimes like piss me off, okay? 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. It's Opie Anthony. Hey. And Adam Farrar. Sorry, Adam. Adam, hanging today. On the phone we got Psycho Mark Anthony. He's outside the Letterman studio. Big night for Letterman. Nigger Charlie on tonight. Oh no, he's got Hillary Clinton. The Carpet Muncher. Carpet Bagger. Sorry. Sorry, Al. Sorry, Chief. Sorry, sorry about that. So he's out there with a megaphone. We're seeing if he can stir up some trouble today. Psycho Mark very good at stirring up trouble, Anthony. Yes, he is. So let's see what's going on out there. Hey, Psycho Mark. Hey, Carpet Munchers. I got a bunch of people here. They look like Carl Hillary fans. Hey, how many people are here? Fans are here! I am. We got one Hillary fan! I heard that Monica's around the corner. Monica's around the corner? Monica's selling bags around the corner. We just found out. Yeah, that's what she does now. She sells bags. She's had so many across her nose. She knows a lot about bags. She knows bags. So what's the scene out there, Psycho Mark? Well, they've got the street all blocked off. They've got Secret Service agents crawling everywhere. Not your secret? No, not at all. They've got them on buildings. There's a guy up on a building up on the left. They're walking on their way and they are not letting anybody stop right here. It's like a total cordoned off area. Who asked the Secret Service where was he? At the book suppository building. That'll get you friends. Well, I mean, Mark's got a couple hundred people around him and we're trying to figure out something cool they could all chat. I don't know. People, they kind of seem sort of stupefied here today. They're going to be like, go in here, look at this, and... That's the nerve gas that the Secret Service let out. I don't know if they're going to be like, conspiracy theories, but I know they do that. If any of our listeners have an idea, give us a call. Get rid of all the stripper phone calls. Keep the nigga Charlie calls. See if anyone comes up with a chant for Psycho Mark. Something about our First Lady, Hillary Clinton. How close is the Secret Service from you? They are standing right in front of me. There's about, I'd say about 15 agents all surrounding the block. They're not letting anybody walk in front of... Why don't you start, take the megaphone and just start... Ask him his name. Can we see your piece? Oh my God. Can we see your piece? Hey, can we see your piece? Hey, you're nuts. Did you see when Reagan got shot? All of a sudden the Secret Service guys had like handheld howitzers. They came out of their jackets and stuff. One guy had a gun, I swear to God, it was some kind of machine gun I've never seen in my life. Huge. And he was keeping it. He was like in short sleeve shirt and in shorts. All of a sudden he pulled it out of somewhere. You gotta watch them guys, Mark. Hey, the Secret Service just came over to me and they asked me if I'm going to be using the bullhorn. They probably put me with a missile inside the thing. So you know what you do? You go right in his face and throw the bullhorn and go, no! I'm right in his face and go, what? No way, the guy's like 6'5 and he's black and I'm not. That's niggatonic. Go on, order. Defending the First Lady. You want me to see if he's starred in the movie? Oh, that'll get you killed. Oh yeah, there you go. Hey, have you ever seen the movie? Oh, nevermind. Mark, hold on a sec, someone's very pissed at us. Hold on, we'll go right back to you. What do we do? Richard. Hello. Hi. Hey Dick, what's up, man? How you doing? You have no respect. I mean, this is a fellow New Yorker. In the shot! Don't curse! Why are you cursing? Hangs up. What a puss. We ran out of delay so we had to get rid of Mr. Head. If people want to bitch about us, we don't care. We'll put you on the air. But for God's sake, you can't curse. Hillary sucks, Monica blows. I'm trying to think of a real good chance for Mark to start out there. Whip him out. It is whipping out Wednesday. You guys are getting some good phone calls there, huh? Hey Mark, what's up? I'm standing right here at the Secret Service, standing right in front of my face. Really? What's the guy's name? I don't know, but here she comes. She's coming right now. Here, get the sign out, Earl. Get her out with me here. What sign you got? I got the big wild sign. Come on, Earl. Oh, I thought you had Hillary as a... Hey, Hillary! Uh-oh, I'll get the seat now, they're going to get mad at me. This guy just pointed at me. Say, hey, Hillary, where's Bill Slong? Hey, where's Bill? Oh, I'm getting lots of messages. Look at the puppies, Earl. Hillary! Hillary! Show us your fun bags! Show us your fun bags. Oh, God, I'm going to get motion. Hillary! Oh, that's it, she's already got inside. That was two seconds. That was so fast. Barely enough time for anyone to squeeze off a shot. How could you miss? I just see Rudy, damn it, I had her right in my crosshairs. I did one peep with this bullhorn, and that was it. I was just about to get a little bead on me with her 9mm. Hillary! Hillary shows your fun bags, he said. I'm scared. Because he's politically active. Now we can cross the street. Fun bags for peace. That's it, huh? That was it, it was like a five second deal. She came, she gave her a cheesy little smile. She sort of flashed one of her cans, and then went right in. What, did she get out of a limo and stuff? No, they got some stupid van, kind of looks like the NAW van, except it's a little bit nicer. It's probably armor plated, man. There's no armor on that thing, I could spit on it and break a window. Don, I want you to chant, I want a cigar. I want a cigar! I want a cigar! I want a cigar! Are there still people there? They're just staring at me. It's like a retoy. There's some guy yelling down the street over here, he's got a sign and he's screaming obscenities. Alright, go to him, let's see what's happening. I'm going to go find out, this guy looks really sick. That's what we want. Get ready on the dump. Get ready for the dump, partner. Alright. What do you think about Hillary? It piles up. It piles up. It piles up. What? What are you doing? He's a lucky one. What's your name? I'm telling you. Alright, tell him what he's there for. What are you here for today? The bar. The bar, he said. That sounds fine out of his head. He's got one of those little stupid horns. He's got that and the Secret Service is yelling at you. Yeah, really. Hey, what do you think about Hillary Clinton? I don't want to talk to you, good Lord. Follow him. Get right in his face. Talk to him through the bullhorn. It's not war. He's going to cut my horn off? What did he say? He's going to cut off my... Alright, we say Mark. Mark, tell him through the bullhorn that the UFOs know where he is. The UFOs know where you are. They're going to kill me. They're going to kill me. The UFOs know where you are. They're coming for you. Get them all paranoid. Watch out, the UFOs are coming for you. They're coming, I can see them right now. They'll blow your horn and you're going to disappear. What am I doing here with the horns? Lines bag on! Lines bag on! What is he saying? What's he babbling about? I don't know, he's talking and I'm going to cut your... ...pussy off and stuff like that. It's horrible. He's drunk, he's completely drunk out of his mind. Anyhow, I'm going to get back over and see what the rest of the goons are doing. Alright man, we've got to take a quick break Mark. If anything happens, give us a call back, alright? I will, I'm going to try and fill this in. There's some TV news crews down here. Me and Earl have got the big wild side. So we're going to try and get on TV and mess up some newscasts. Get the bullhorn ready when they go live? Oh yeah, what do you want me to say? What channels are out there? They've got channel 2, channels... ...all the channels are here, Fox News, everybody. Alright, well when they go live, get the megaphone and just start chanting... ...Whip Him Out Wednesday or something, alright? Alright. Alright, we'll check in with you in a bit. Alright guys. We'll check them on every one. He was able to scream, show us your fun bags before Hillary made it into the Letterman studio. Show us your fun bags. Alright, we'll be back. Opie, Opie, Opie, Anthony, one, oh, two, seven, WNEW. One, oh, two, seven, WNEW. It's Opie, it's Anthony, it's Adam Ferraro. Who's got bail in there? Well, Psycho Mark's back on the line. Lots going on. Mark? Yeah, what's up, guys? What's up? I'm standing in here in front of the CBS store and they've got camera crews all the way up and down the street. Yeah. And unfortunately they spotted me. I'm the only guy walking around with a bullhorn, so it's not too hard to miss me. What, the Secret Service came up to you? Yeah, the Secret Service came right up to me. They were pissed. They were pissed. They did not like the fun bags comment. That was a little out there. What about the news? What about the news? Yeah, the news crews on to you? I'm waiting for Channel 2. They're about to go up right within the next 10 minutes. I'm waiting for Earl to signal me, but he's busy looking at some chicks, so I'm not going to get a signal from him. Okay. But I'm waiting for her to go up and do live and then I'm just going to flash my big wild sign. That's cool. We'll be watching. We're watching as you speak, Mark. As the world turns. Stephen Clark is talking, talking, he's talking, he's talking, Crime Stoppers, 1-800-577-TIPS. Alright, stay on the line. We're going to go to you as soon as we know you're on TV there. Yeah, as soon as you know I'm on TV, I'll do a nutty. Alright, hold on. We'll check in with you in a couple seconds here. Alright, can you hold? That seems to be a bus accident. Almost like the train wreck. Yeah, you've got to get your eyes checked out. You got me over here on the other side of the console. I'll let the kids see. Yeah, that looks like a psychopath with a bull horn. It's a tanker truck over there. Chris, what's going on? What's up? What's the deal? I don't know much. Okay, anyway, I saw the news. Anyway, I saw when you guys were talking like two days ago about the legend Naked Charlie, and that first came up with the clip from the internet, because I have no life, I ran right out and got it. And Ken's video on Manhattan, they got all this stuff. I took it home, I watched it, it's the greatest Black Western I've ever seen in my entire life. Really? Yeah, we're looking forward to checking out that movie for ourselves. What's up? You like the movie, you laughed, yeah? I laughed, I cried. And I have a good feeling about it. I laughed, I cried, listening to you. And there was brief nudity in it, and I just felt like, kind of like, just really African afterwards. Alright, thank you, Mark. Thank you, Chris. Take it easy. So the film does exist. Mark, coming up, they said they're doing the Hillary piece. Oh, they get a little tease. Is the reporter right near you? Yeah, the reporter, I am standing right behind her, dude. Alright, don't let him onto you quite yet. Look at him, he's kind of too late. Why? You know, she sort of spotted me. Yeah, but they still have to go on, man. Because wow. Who's asking you about your sign? Oh, the reporter. Oh, damn it. Don't worry about it, you have balls. I do, I have huge balls. Tell her it means wow, because you're happy to be here, she isn't the one who knows. Flip it over and have it say Hillary is a C. No way. You guys will have to dump me. I don't think we're here. Can I say hi to my mother? I want to say hi to mom. There you go. You want to see if the reporter will wow us? No, they're going to go to her any second. Any second, man. Yeah, any second. We're going to hold her up high. Yeah, we've got to keep you on the line here. We've got to talk to Anthony on line seven, his friends in jail for threatening Hillary. Really? What's the problem? I think they're ready to go. Hold that up high, Liam. Almost ready. Date with Dave, Steven Clark, Channel 2 News. Come on, Mark. This is like interactive TV. This is good, you get to screw with the TV and watch it at the same time. Who's got a joystick with a move mark around? This is what the future is like. Move over, move over, move over. Move over, Mark. Yeah! Look at my kid jumping around like a nut. Fuck you, Mark. Yeah! Mark, you're a loser. What happened, Mark? What happened, Mark? Some CBS guy just jumped in front of you. You looked like a stock-raising lunatic. That was classic, man. Dude, it was hilarious. They were like, move over, move over. Dude, are they going to go back to you? The guy just jumped in front of you. Yeah, I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. I'm going to go back to you. Dude, are they going to go back to you? Dude, the guy from the truck came over and ripped my side out of my head. Come on. Did they? You're a frigging lunatic, man. That was hilarious, man. I'm going to go back. They're going back. What are you going to do when they come back? You got the bullhorn, right? Oh, you got the bullhorn. The guy's about to punch my teeth out. And we work for the same company. This is a cross promotion. He is so mad. He's just getting to the rock and a horn. You were like screaming. It was hysterical. Dude, you're a pizza. It was hilarious. I mean, we've got to explain this for everyone stuck in their car. It's like interactive TV. We've got Channel 2 news on. They go live outside Letterman Studio. There's Mark with the hugest wow sign you'll ever see. But all you see on TV is like half the O and the second W. So we're like, move over, move over. Where are you, Mark? They're back to you. I got some reinforcements at least. Get behind her. They're back live. There's the wow sign again. Higher. Chance, whip them out. Whip them out. Whip them out. Whip them out. Whip them out. Whip them out. Whip them out. Move to the side real fast. Move to the side. Move over. God damn it, that's the funniest thing. Hold on a second, Mark. Hold on a second, Mark. I'm listening to you guys, but I'm listening to the TV at the same time. She's standing there and Anthony says, say, whip them out. So they're yelling, whip them out. She's trying to do the rest of the report. So as she's closing the report, she looks back and she says, as you can hear, it's getting loud out here. We're calling the police. They can't call the police. Hey, Mark. That was hilarious. Well done. Bravo, Mark. Now that's interactive television right there. You're not going to do it at 13. It's not, she's not very happy. Oh, come on. Who's not happy? Marcia Clayworth, she's very mad at me. You tell her, go to our boss. No, I'm not. I'm just hanging out. The thing is, you should be allowed to do your job. I should be allowed to do mine. Come on. That's his job. He is doing his job. No, it was fine. I have another live shot to do. Let me do it and then I'm going to call the police. Come on. You can't threaten the cops. It was fine. Hey, Mark. I hear a dare. I think she's daring you. I'll go bother Fox. I'll go bother Fox. Did CBS have some other talk? Oh, there's CBS as well? Alright, I'll go bother them. Tell her she's got a ton of free advertising right there. You guys have so much free advertising. That's unbelievable. Oh, she is mad. She is not happy. What a face on her. Mark, hold on the line, alright? Talk to her. Make sure nothing is going on. There are so many people that saw it on TV. Paula, what's going on? I just saw that dance stuff just now. My God. She actually set the watch to clock. Oh, wow. We're neighbors. I bought a cup of sugar. No, Hillary, why don't you give your hubby a hummer? You have heard of those, have you? Oh, boy. She's a lunatic. James, you're next on the program. What's up? I'm so pissed at you guys. I'm driving in my car and I cannot see this. You better put it on your website. Hopefully someone has got to copy that. We didn't think it was going to happen today. Oh, my God. I hope they show it on the news or something. That's the highlight. Forget Hillary. Alright, James, thank you. Some guy on the instant feedback said the delay really screws with you when you're watching at home because it's a 40-second delay from when we're talking to what they're watching on TV. So we're saying move over, move over. And it's already over. Oh, it was complete interactive TV. You've got to link up our audio with that video. You know what I like about interactive TV? We're not waiting. We'll make it ourselves. Andrew, what's up? Guys, I'm watching on TV and I'm listening to the radio at the same time. What the last guy said is totally true. It's the funniest damn thing because I hear, I see Mark making a total ass out of himself, his tongue hanging out of his mouth. And you guys are like, alright, they're going to cut you real soon. Then they cut away and go to the interview and I hear you guys scream, move over, move over! Funniest damn thing I've ever seen. Oh, God, that's funny. Thank you, Andrew. That was hilarious. That could be the funniest thing I've ever seen. Mike, what's up? You guys are hilarious. I'm going to get shot by the secret service. Mark's a lunatic. They're going to pick him off right there in the spot. He'll do anything, man. The scene is funny because like you said, the delay, I'm cracking up. You're going to get him shot, I swear. Alright, Mike. It was funny because the sign wasn't on TV. It was interactive. No, move over, move over! When he moved over, her head was the O. W, O, her head, and then another W. Harris, what's up? Hey, what's up, guys? Listen, I was in my room listening to that. I looked downstairs yelling, put on TV, put on TV! That was the funniest thing I've ever seen. You know we're going to get in trouble by the company again. I know, I feel it in my bones. Before we get in trouble, I hope they realize we gave them a ton of free advertising. Come on. Alright, Harris, thank you. Why do we always screw with our own company? I know. Don't go to the Christmas party this year. Eddie! Hey, I'm paying the toll at the Bayonne Bridge at the turnpike. I'm dying, I'm crying over here. What's going on? Are you alright? Oh my God, this is hilarious. I've got to see it on the website. Please put it on. Alright, man, thank you. I'm going to have to check it out. Take care, man. The big wild bat in Beyond Marsha's head. People are dying. Pete, what's going on? Oh, Pete! Listen to the build up to this little bit. I walk up to my apartment. I walk in. My roommates are all watching the television. Listen to you guys going, oh my God, I think he's going to do it. I almost pissed in my pants. That was the funniest thing I've seen in a very, very long time. Someone just said it, but it's true. Her head was the oh. Yeah, hysterical. Oh my, it was priceless. I just want to tell you guys, man, that was hilarious. Alright, we've got to go back tomorrow. We've got to go back tomorrow. Alright, we've got to go back tomorrow. He's getting in trouble. Psycho Mark, what's up? Dude, I almost got a tune up from the cop. You almost got a tune up? I almost got a tune up. What happened? Well, the cop comes over and he's like pissed. He's looking right in my face and he's like, dude, you got a microphone on? I'm like, no, sir, no, sir, it's not, you know? So he grabs me, pulls me around the corner. He goes, look, I wasn't hoping anything all the time. Just do me a favor. I'm out of here, were you? And I just like, you know, took the lady back. I was going to get back to the girl from CBS that she was mad. She's like, oh good, the cops are going to arrest you now. And the cop takes me around the corner. He's just like, dude, I love the show, but you've got to move on, alright? Give somebody else the sign. So are you done, you think, or what? Well, I kind of am because I'm getting nasty looks. There's one guy from CBS here. Looks like he's calling the head honcho. He's inviting me as I walk. You boy can't be doing that! What the hell you boy doing? You're interrupting our own news broadcast, for God's sake! Alright, Mark. Dude, it's so funny, I got the Secret Service all in front of the theater here, and they're locked all the doors to the theater, and nobody's getting in and out. Mark, the phone's going nuts. Everyone is peeing in their pants. Dude, I'm going to probably head back to the station. The deed has been done. I don't want to get any more exposure here because they were about the only people live. Alright, man. We'll see you when you get back. Alright, guys. Psycho Mark, everyone, he's back! Little interactive television there for our show. Oh, God, is that so freaking funny! The funniest thing is, it's one thing to just hold up a sign in front of a live broadcast. It's another to hold it up and jump around and yell like a stark, raving madman. Did you see him in that clip? It's still another thing to be able to direct the guy doing it. Direct the guy doing it! We're the new Steven Spielberg here at the radio station. But it's so funny, he's jumping up and down. Yeah! Yeah! The funniest thing to me is when you said move to the left and he did it. That kills me. We're watching TV. He's moving! That was so easily entertaining. But he said he's going to hold up a wow sign. That was going to be like a tiny 2x3 foot sign. No, that was huge! Oh my God, it was so freaking huge! It's so discreet! Swip him out Wednesday sign. Classic. That was classic. Jesse, what's up? That guy's insane. You should see the tape. We saw it! I'm dying. You got a copy of the tape? He looks sick. He looks insane. That's what John and Crackhead Bob put together. Don't say that. He's doing his own thing. Oh, are you sure? Thank you, Jesse. We'll get a copy of the tape. Sean, what's up? Yo! I got a copy of the tape for you guys. Awesome. Can you hold on the line? Sure, yeah. We'll have you come down within everything. You can check out the show. Alright, thanks. Steve, you're next. Yeah, how you doing? I just want to thank you guys for curing me of the flu. I just had to diet coke through my nose. I was laughing so hard. Awesome. I thought I could breathe in five days. The show has the power to heal. Thank you very much. Alright, Steve. The phones are just nuts. Bob! That was so funny. I was sitting there taking a bong hit. And I didn't know what channel you guys were talking about. I was just sitting there taking a bong hit. And I didn't know what channel you guys were talking about. So I'm all trying to call in and find out what channel. And I'm thinking, no way, man. They're not going to do it to CBS. They work for CBS. And sure enough, man, there they were on CBS. I hope you guys enjoyed it because we are going to get screwed again. Yeah, we're going to get screwed again. Guaranteed, we're in trouble for that. We're going to be pulled into another meeting. Don't you boys ever learn. What the hell is wrong with you? God damn got Fox, NBC, ABC, all standing around waiting to go live. You picked CBS? When did Ross Perot buy the station? Tell me about it. You shouldn't be in on some of these conference calls from down south with this guy. We are so screwed. You boys got a glist of the reason. We want you to work for this company for a long time. We want you to have a long career with us here at this company. But God damn, we're not going to tolerate that. Cowbell Bill's on the warm line. Our buddy, our pal, Hey, Wheel. Hey, what's up, boy? What's up, man? I got to tell you, man, you know, I'm listening to the radio. I'm like, what are they talking about? I'm doing the dishes. I got my back toward the TV. Because of the delay, I turned around. It was perfect timing, man. I see Mark jumping around like a lunatic. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. I want an East Egg. I want an East Egg. He was like a madman. He was. He was psycho Mark. They're jumping around yelling and the newswoman is just horrified. But she has to stay like this in the camera. She's got to keep going. Really. I couldn't believe it, man. Whip them out. Whip them out. They got to show that at 11 o'clock. Yeah. Right? They'll show it again. They'll never show it again. They will never. I don't think they'll go live. You will never see that again. Oh, my God. She's horrified. They're going to show that in a meeting when they reenact. I'm soaking wet. I'm pissing in my pants. Sorry, guys. There's so many people in their cars. It was the funniest thing ever. Oh, my God. It's got to be a few cars on the side of the road, boy. All right. Hey, Adam. What's up, brother? How are you? All right, man. You're going to see Adam at Governor's this weekend? Are you going to go? Yeah, I'm going like tomorrow. All right, man. Give me a buzz or something. Maybe we'll hook up and check it out. Cool. There he is. It's Psycho Mark. Bill, we got to fly. Hi, boys. Take a look. Bravo, Bill, everyone. Psycho Mark back in the studio. Oh, God. Bravo. We bow to you today, man. You're a freaking lunatic. You look like a mental patient. With the fin on the arms. He's wearing a sweater. It's got fur on the arms. Taylor? Taylor? The mobile producer was so mad at me. He wanted to knock my teeth down. He wanted to tune me up. Tune you up? We're going to catch the heat. Yeah, we're going to catch hell for that, guaranteed. We're going to catch a lot of heat for that one. Let's go to Tom real fast. Tom, what's up? Yo. Yeah? You guys almost broke my freaking ankle. I ran down the stairs to see what the hell was going on. And you ever see somebody walking on water or something? I fell on the freaking stairs and almost cracked my head open. Because I had to see what the hell was going on. That was the funniest freaking thing I've ever seen in my life. That was so funny. It was just beyond funny. That was a moment, man. Anytime something happens in this city where they go live somewhere, we've got to just send you instantly over there. You guys are the funniest freaking people, man. You guys rock. All right, thanks, Tom. Later. Bye. Who yelled at you? Was it the newscaster? No, the guy that actually came from inside the truck. Who was the chick, though, that we heard yelling at you? That was her. That was her? That was Marcia? Yeah, that was Marcia. Ryan? Yeah, I just want to know, guys, when is the farewell show going to be? That's why you've got to listen every day. This could be it right here today. You never know. You never know. And I'm surprised that Mark made it back without getting shook up by the Secret Service. Oh, my God. Yeah. Thanks a lot, guys. Bye, man. Wow. They're just coming in like crazy. Mark? Yeah? What's up? How are you doing? I'm racing home. I'm about a half a mile from work. I hear you guys on the radio. I think I picked off two old ladies in front of a shop right in a hotel park. I'm driving. I go up. I slide down my block 70 miles an hour. I just park my car in the middle of the street and race the stairs. I'm still watching Channel 2. I'm still watching Channel 2. See, we gave a lot of publicity. Channel 2 news rocks. How can they get mad at you guys? We might need you for a character witness. I'm telling you right now, I'm watching a little show about little kids right now. I can't turn the radio on, you know? I had that delay thing. I'm going to buy the advertising at Lee Cowan in Washington, D.C. right now. You guys don't worry about it. You guys are funny guys. All right, Mark. Thank you. Very funny. See you later. The problem is we're always screwing with our company. We don't mean to, but it just happens that way. I know. Yeah, but it's good publicity for them. You tell the big boss when he reams us out again. Jimmy? Yeah, the funniest thing happened. My dad's driving me home from drug rehab, right? Dude, he almost rear-ended a cop car. We're laughing so hard. The cops pull him over and my dad is playing in the situation. The cop just burst out laughing. He let my dad go because he was listening to you guys too. The cop was almost in tears when he pulled us over. Awesome. Yeah. Cool. I'm going to let you guys know. Thank you, Jimmy. Okay. Oh, God damn. There was one guy who was doing a bong hit. The other guy was coming home from rehab. We're proud of our listeners. Yes. They don't aim high. Rob? Yeah, what's up, guys? All right. Mark, I got one question for you. Yeah. How do you walk around with that set, you guys? What do you like? Walk around like John Wayne, just playing like? I mean, you should be up for a daytime Emmy with that performance. He comes into the studio with a wheelbarrow for his junk. Oh, God. I got a small one-room apartment. My living room and my kitchen are connected. I'm listening to the radio in the living room. I had to see Channel 2. I'm fucking into my bedroom because my TV's busted in the living room. I hit the linoleum floor still. I cracked the door open. I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? I'm like, what the fuck? All right, we gotta take a break. It might be a little longer than usual, but please stay right there, okay? We'll be back with more of your phone calls, all right? Opie and Anthony. Someone get this pen out of my nose. 1027 WNAW. 1027 WNAW, it's Opie and Anthony. We're in the middle of a pretty long commercial break because we just talked for like 50 straight minutes. So please hang in there. We have some other people on the lines that have comments about Mark's little, uh, wow TV stunt outside the Letterman studio. They're all just losing it outside the studio. But, uh, we apologize. We're in the middle of a long commercial break. We'll be back. Stay there. 1027 WNAW. We're back. It's Opie and Anthony at Farrar. God, that was funny. And our new hero, Psycho Mark in the studio. Psycho Mark, a stark raving madman with balls the size of, uh, globes. Unbelievable. They hum when he walks. Unbelievable. Got an email here from Nick from Jersey. Yeah. Okay, that stunt proves it. You guys are the funniest, most f-ed up people I've ever seen. Um, the delay made it more bizarre because he was watching as we were talking. We have the delay to deal with, but, uh, some people said it was funnier that way. Cool. I think it's worth the punishment that you guys should be getting. I just hope you live through it. Oh, man. Yeah. Well, you know, you, you, you gotta go for it where you can, and sometimes there's things called friendly fire, you know? Like, we're just throwing this crap out there, and unfortunately one of our, uh, compadres got it. Oops. Uh, Al? Oh, absolutely incredible. Dear brilliance, as you guys are talking about it, I'm watching the TV, waiting for the buildup. I find myself jumping all over my living room, like, in the, at the end of a Toyota commercial, and I see Mark in the background, and, uh, now I pretty much gotta go change my drawers because I, uh, pretty much peed myself laughing so hard. That's absolutely incredible. She was so bent. Absolutely. I tell her that she can't do a job. Obviously she has no sense of humor. I could see her news editor just screaming at her, but, uh, I got a psycho Mark. I'm glad that guy hustled you out of there, bro. If I was working at detail, I would have smuggled you out, too. All right, Al. Have a great day, guys. Thank you. That guy was like Harriet Tubman getting lost in the underground railroad. Jeff? Yeah? Hey, what's up? Uh, nothing. I got dragged along when I got into an accident. I'm damn so freaking much. Oh, we're on cloud nine right now. It's just the freaking funniest thing ever. I know. He's a freaking mint, man. Yep. This one puts, uh, this one puts psycho Mark on the map, finally. Yeah, I know. All right, man. All right, man. All right, take it easy, man. Bye. Bye. Here's another guy. I'm one of the techies at CBS News Studio. I saw what happened, fell on the floor laughing. I almost got fired. Hey, Greg, what's up? Hey, listen, I used to intern for CBS in the OJ unit, and I also worked for Hillary once. Yeah. You guys should get Ziggy and Snoop and go back there when she leaves the studio, because that would be so funny to see that. And then have her tell them what she's going to do for them if she makes it to be senator in New York. Very good. All right. Thank you. You guys suck. All right. All right, man. Uh, Bob. That's Al. Al, what's up? Yeah, you know, this is going to make big clocks. One is a blooper. Right? You guys are all right. See, now, I guess we got to, what happened, because when we saw the sign, we were freaking out so much. What was being said on the TV? Was she, like, really distracted because you were yelling so loud, Mark? I was behind her. Oh, hold on, hold on. I was behind her. I didn't really get to see it. But you were shouting like a little s***. I was screaming on top of my lungs. I was yelling, forget the bullhorn. I don't need a bullhorn. See, that's what we need to find out now. Yeah. How did it look on TV? Yeah. But she said he was listening in the other room, and he heard me screaming, you know, whip them up, whip them up. And she was all flustered, you know. She was just, ugh. Her makeup was peeling off. Her makeup was peeling off. I keep looking back at the TV like it's still on. I don't want to see it. Well, they're going live again, but we were told to leave. Yeah. Yeah. You can't totally push it. Go back with a sign that says John 11. Get the big Afro, the multicolored Afro. I'll go back with a disguise. Dave, go with someone else. Dave, what's up? Guys, what are you doing to me? I almost killed myself. I have a cast on, and I heard it, and I'm trying to do some work. So I run down the stairs, you know, I'm trying to hop down as fast as I can. And I tripped. I almost cracked my skull open. I almost broke my cast off. Yeah, everyone was rushing to the TV to see this. I know. I was just like, Jesus Christ, you guys are trying to kill me. And Psycho Mark, man, you're the effing man, dude. I love you guys. All right, Dave, thank you. All right, Rob? Hey, Rob. Hey, how are you doing? Good. You're next on NAW. What's up? Yeah, how are you doing, ONA? All right. All right. I've been listening for like about eight months now. You guys rule. You're the best. Oh, thanks. I was watching the news again before they went to commercial and Marsha Kramer was on again. She was so pissed off. It was like the funniest thing. I could crack a smile. Like, they cleared the whole area back there. I didn't see Psycho Mark or anybody. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah, we're the best. I think we're screwed again. No, don't say that. I hope not. But I hope not either. All right. All right. Thanks a lot, guys. Thank you, Rob. Bye-bye. Bye. Tommy, you're next. A couple more of these and we'll move on. Yeah. I'm going to be naked Charlie, man. Now, it's the one of Mark. We should quit today because I don't think we'll ever do anything funnier than what just happened. At least I got it on tape. All right, cool. Thanks, Tommy. Bye. Bye. This guy was next to you when you were holding up the sign. Rob. Hey, what's going on? You were really there? Yeah, I was right there. Okay. It was the funniest thing I've ever heard of in my entire life. It was so cool. The best was a bunch of you guys on your cell phones trying to call the show because you were behind the reporter as well. Yeah, it was... You see there, Psycho Mark? Yeah. You're the crazy bastard. All right, thanks, Rob. Hold on. I'm just as good as Psycho Mark. You need me to do anything? Wait, were you there when she was yelling at him? Yeah. How could she? I was on the floor. Is there nothing you need me to do? I'm just like Psycho Mark. We have a Psycho Mark. We have a Psycho Mark. I'm from Armok, New York. If you guys... Thanks, Rob. I live right near Hillary. Rob, I got to hang up on you. You got the radio show on in the background. I'm from Armok, New York. It's very, very distracting. People say we're in the background. We're looking for things that Psycho Mark can do in the future. Yeah. He swears he'll do just about anything. Yeah. Even things that'll get him arrested. He doesn't care. We got bail money. He has a large offer of murder or something. Yeah, right. Nothing for a felony. Right, but send in your ideas and we'll get Mark to start doing some really wacky things. Yeah. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Yeah, right. Nothing for a felony. Right, but send in your ideas and we'll get Mark to start doing some really wacky things. He had the big wow hat on, the wow sign. So, Star Craving Lunatic, I love it. I regressed back to being like, I think 13. Oh yeah? Yeah. It was so cool. But it all comes together. Hey, this guy John. Let's get him to eat a worm. This guy John's got something funny. John, what's up? Hey guys. Can I borrow a higher cycle mark? My ex-wife's getting married in two weeks. He can hold up a big sign that says you slidin'. No, you can do anything you want. You can call it anything. You can call it C-word everything. She fixed them all. Oh, funny. I want to see you guys do the best thing ever. Good luck to you. Hey, thank you. Thank you. Bye. Dave. Hey, Dave. Hey, dude. What's up? Hey, dudes. What's up? I swear I broke my nose, man. I broke my freaking nose trying to get to see this thing. I'm listening to you guys and my TV's got crappy reception so I start running down the hall to see it on the other TV. I ran smack right down into the mouth of the damn door jam. My nose is broken, dude. I'm going to the hospital now. All right, thanks, bro. All right, bro. Take care. How many people are we going to send to the hospital today from this bitch? Another guy was there and says that Marsha's really pissed. Chris. Yo, how you doing, guys? All right. I'm Mark, man. You know what it felt like when Reagan got shot, right, when all those cops just jumped on that one guy? Dude, that was a trip, man. Yo, guys, man, you know what? I never knew these freaking news people put on so much freaking makeup. Look at somebody went under with spackle. Holy crap, man. I couldn't believe that, man. She was nasty looking, bro. I shaved a dog's butt. It made it look better looking than that. Yeah. Very good, man. Later, guys. All right, bye. Instant feedback says Marsha just came back on and she looked mad as hell. Yeah. She's still pissed. Risk. I guarantee they're talking to somebody from CBS down the hall as we speak. Guarantee it. Just know this company like the back of my head at this point. We're sorry. Yeah, that'll help. Pete. Hello? You're up, Pete. What's up? No, this is Danny. You got the wrong name. All right, Danny. I called you about the rock. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, I think you should send Psycho Mark over to WWF in the Continental Arena and talk about the rock being a nigger. Oh, my God. Come on. Pete. We're all having fun and you got to say that. Geez, Jiminy Cricket. The guard in Royal Rumble. Yeah. I think we have tickets. Get you a huge sign. Front row. Front row. Well, we're looking for signs, man. Like, we've seen some before, like every time WWF comes around, the Continental or the Garden Coliseum, we see the signs, Opie and Anthony or ONA or Rusty Trombone. We are looking. Anybody that is going to any of those shows that are televised in this area, especially the Royal Rumble, just bashing the rock signs. Just bash the hell out of the rock with your signs. Yeah. And we will have you on the next day, especially the Garden Show, January 23rd. Yep. Because that's the big pay-per-view. That'd just be hysterical. The rock's a pussy. ONA, love the rock. Yeah, you'll see that. All right. Rich, you're next on the show. All right. Hey, what's up? Not much, man. I was going home on the LIE and bumping up on the traffic, and when that went down with Psycho Mark, about five cars around me started beeping their horns. The guy next to me was pounding on a dashboard. I almost wet my pants. I couldn't believe it, man. I couldn't wait to get home, but I didn't make it in time. Too bad. It was too funny, man. You guys rock. All right, thank you. All right, man. I think the audio is just as funny, though. We might have to replay that at the end of the show. I didn't hear that. Because it was just unbelievable. Of course, a good rock song will be, hey, rocks, steal or eat. I think you know what we mean. Oh, man. I think we're just about done with this. I think we have to take another break here. You want to give those away? All right, that'll change the subject. Ah, classic. Mark, we bow to you today. Yes, bravo. Love when we have one of those moments on this show. Thank you. We'll live on it. Thank you. Gosh. Gosh. All right, we got some tickets to give away. The Seton Hall basketball. Seton Hall playing St. John's. Very cool game at the Continental Arena on this Tuesday, January 18th. On this Tuesday. Whatever. January 18th. If you want to go see Seton Hall and St. John's at the Continental Arena, you could call up right now. Spaz is working the phones. He'll take the 10th caller. 212-757-1027. Tickets for all Seton Hall games are available through Ticketmaster. I'm all for violence sometimes. Hey, you guys are a bunch of pussies. God, I want to punch you in the face. Better leave a bruise. 1027-WNEW. 1027-WNEW. It's Opie and Anthony. What a day, what a day, what a day. Ah, yeah. Line of the day. Move to the left. I guess we're losing Adam, huh? Yeah, I gotta go. Adam's cutting out. I gotta go. Where are you going, man? Where are you going? I gotta go do laundry. I got stuff to do. If you don't get there by 6.30, you don't get a dryer. A big star like you. You gotta be going laundry. You're coming out Thursday. I want everything to be just so. Yes. Governors tomorrow, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. And Sunday. The incomparable Adam Ferrara. Comedy, stylings, I think Adam wants to be in the show. Yeah. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I think Adam wants to be in the show. I'm going to put you down. You're a hell of a guy. You want to sit ringside or you want to sit in the back and look at the brutes? Sit in the back. Because it's like I don't like being right up front. I hate being in the front. You get some smart ass comic and then I got it unleashed on him and it looks bad because he's getting paid to be there and I'm not. I'm tearing him a new able. My God. And Adam is going to be foot. And Adam does work the front row pretty good. No I don't. But Adam, I'm talking about the other comics that are on there like the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. I'm talking about the one that you're talking about. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, it's beautiful out here, Mandingo. By the way, what does your name mean? It means man with three legs. But you only have two legs. Oh, really? Wow! Chelsea, when we are through tonight, the whole village will call you Iwachalakanaya. Me? What does it mean? That means she who cannot sit for weeks. Oh! Now, grab your ankles, Chelsea, and I will demonstrate what your father does to your daughter. Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh, shit! Oh! Oh! Put it away! Put it away! All right. So, there's some audio in. Jesus man. That's just raw. Look, they're still in the jungle. I know. Well, there's a part two. Of course, there is. There were so many unanswered questions in part one. It's like The Godfather and The Godfather 2. More audio from Hillary and Chelsea visiting Africa. Oh, Mandingo! Oh, Mandingo! It's so big! I need two hands to hold it! Oh, that's it, Chelsea. Now wrap your lips around it. Like this? Yes, that's it. Now blow, Chelsea, blow! No, no, no! Nothing's coming out! Oh, be patient, Chelsea, and blow harder! No! Bullseye! Ha ha ha ha! Wow! Thanks for showing me how to use your blow gun, Mandingo! Anytime, Chelsea. We best go back to the village and find your mother. I wonder where she is? Maybe she's in this hut. Oh! Mom! What are you doing with Mandingo's sister? Oh, dear! You said you were going on a safari! No, no, I said before the day ends, I want to be deep in the bush. Well, you do what you want. I'm going to help Mandingo take care of a bad animal. What are you talking about, Chelsea? He wants me to spank his monkey! Well, just be back in time for dinner. Okay. Well, what are we having? I don't know about you, but I'll be having the African beaver. O.B. and Anthony. 1027 W.N.A.W. 1027 W.N.A.W. It's the O.B. and Anthony show for now, anyway. We're trying to get the audio. We've got to play the audio one last time before we get out of here. Yeah. Because I know we'll be told never to play it again. I'm sure. Let's go to the phones real fast. We're about to play What Do We Learn on the O.B. and Anthony show as well today. Celeste, what's up? Hey. Hey. I was watching Channel 4 and J.D. Dabber came on and was talking about Hillary Clinton and her move to New York. They cut to her coming out of her car at the David Letterman show. All you hear in the background is Mark saying, Show me your... and then they cut back to the newsroom. Oh, they cut off fun bags? Right. I guess I can't say fun bags. On Psycho Mark asked the First Lady to show him her fun bags. Jesus, man. I thought I was just cracking up because I'm trying to watch it on Channel 2 and J.D. comes on any other station. All right, Celeste. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Bye. I think we're all set with the audio too. Mike? Yo. What's up? Let me tell you, O.A., you guys need a new job. You better start... Look, I got something for you. I'm going to make sure you guys are the best employed truck drivers in the county. Thanks, man. All right? You guys are out of your mind. The thing in Africa. Get about it. What, you don't think they got the Secret Service? They're coming after you. Yeah, we're going to have to leave, like, the back way today. I think so. I'm telling you, you guys are nuts. Thank you, Mike. You're taking it to the airport's mouth, compared to that. How dare you say that about the First Lady? All right, Mike. You're going to be a truck driver. Hang out with me, buddy. All right, man. All right. Thank you. You got it. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to hang up on you. Taylor, what's up? Taylor? Hey, guys. Dude, you guys just put the nail on the coffin. You guys didn't get in trouble for the wow sign. That last Chelsea bit was out of control. Come on. I thought we were all having fun. What happened? That really was their trip, right? I'm not really sure, but we think so, yeah. We think so? Yeah. Okay. You guys rock. All right, Taylor. Later, bro. People love that bit. I think it's so juvenile. That's why it's funny. Come on. Chris, what's up? What are you now, Mr. CBS-FM? What's up, Chris? I actually listened to the other station, 1010 Winds, because in my office I got an FM radio, but I only got an AM in my car. Don't ask. But I missed that whole thing, because I couldn't leave my office. In 22 minutes, we'll show you a wow sign. Yeah. I missed that whole thing, and that's what I get for leaving my office early. I could have dealt with my boss and listened to the whole thing, but now I missed it. All right. All right, man, but keep rocking, dude. All right. All right. Well, let's play it now. What the hell? One last time before you throw it into the ONA archives, Stephanie. Oh, boy. This is a tape. It's not going on as we speak, but earlier, Hillary Clinton showing up at David Letterman's studio. We had Psycho Mark out there just causing all sorts of havoc. Yeah, a little bit of trouble. And then we told him to find a news station, because he brought with him a huge, I mean huge wow sign. That obviously means whip him out Wednesday. Yeah. Channel 2 News Crew. Channel 2 News Crew. We work for the same company, you idiot. Don't say that too much. So let's pick up the tape from about an hour ago. Psycho Mark outside the David Letterman studio as we're trying to get our big wow sign on any TV station. This happened to be the same one we work for. Here it is. Oh, yeah. Mark. Yeah. Coming up, they said they're doing the Hillary piece. Oh, they get a little tease. Is the reporter right near you? Yeah, the reporter. I didn't stand right behind her, dude. Don't let them onto you quite yet. I mean, look at them. It's kind of too late. Why? She sort of spotted me. Yeah, but they still have to go on, man. Who's asking you about your sign? Oh, the reporter. Oh, damn it. Don't worry about it. You have balls. I do. Tell her it means wow because you're happy to be here. She doesn't know what it means. Flip it over and have it say Hillary is a C. Hillary said, no way. You guys will have to dump me. All right. Can I say hi to my mother? I want to say hi to mom. There you go. All right. You want to see if the reporter will wow us? No, they're going to go to her any second. Any second, man. Yeah, any second. We're out of the sign. We're going to hold it up high. Yeah, we got to keep you on the line here. We got to talk to Anthony on line seven, his friends in jail for threatening Hillary. Really? What's the problem? All right, I think they're ready to go. Hold that up high, will you? Almost ready. We got to synchronize. All right, date with Dave. Steven Clark, Channel 2 News. Come on, Mark. This is like interactive TV. Come on. This is good. You get to screw with the TV and watch it at the same time. This is what the future is like. This is what the future is like. This is what the future is like. This is what the future is like. This is what the future is like. This is what the future is like. This is what the future is like. This is what the future is like. This is what the future is like. This is what the future is like. Move over, move over, move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Move over. Hey, what you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? Hey, you're screaming at me. What's up, you fag? What happened, Mark? What happened, Mark? Some CBS guy just jumped in front of you. You looked like a stock-graving lunatic. That was classic, man. Dude, it was hilarious. They were like, move over, move over. He was right over. Dude, are they going to go back to you? The guy from the truck came over and ripped my side out of my head. Come on You're friggin lunatic They gotta go back we're going back what are you gonna do when they come back you got the bullhorn right? Oh, you got the bullhorn bullhorn say About to punch my teeth out and we work for the same company This is a cross promotion He's so mad You were like screaming Hilarious I mean we gotta explain this for the for everyone stuck in their car It's like interactive TV. We got channel 2 news on they go live outside Letterman studio There's mark with the hugest wow sign you'll ever see but all you see on TV is like half the oh and And the second W so we're like move over Are you mine? Where are you mark? They're back to you? Get behind her get behind her back live There's the outside again Chance whip them out whip them out This move to the side move to the side real fast move to the side Hold on a second bar Hold on hold on a sec mark, but she's in the studio from the radio So you guys but I'm listening to the TV at the same time Yeah, she's standing there and Anthony says say whip them out. Yeah, they're yelling She's closing the report she looks back and she says as you can hear it's getting loud Hey mark, yeah, that was hilarious It's not for she's not very happy Who's not happy Marcia crazy very mad at me you tell her go to Are you doing our boss? No, I'm not. I'm just I'm hanging out We think you should be allowed to do your job. I should be allowed to do Fine I have another live shot to do either you let me do it if you come all right Come on you can't threaten the cops. That was fun The car Mark I hear dare All right, tell her tell her she got a ton of free advertising right there so much free advertising that's unbelievable Oh, she is mad. She is not I bet Mark hold on the line. All right. Yeah, talk to him make sure nothing's going on. There's so many people that saw it on Paula what's going on? I just saw that damn stuff just now and my god. She actually said to Marsha Clark Oh, wow We're neighbors Sugar no Hillary wants to give your hubby a hummer you have heard of those have you Boy, whoo. Okay. He's a lunatic James. You're next on the program. What's up? I'm so pissed at you guys I'm driving in my car and I cannot see this you better put it on your website Yeah, hopefully someone's got a copy that we didn't think it was gonna happen today. So That's the highlight forget Hillary James thank you see some guy on the instant feedback said the Delay really screws with you when you're watching at home because it's a 40-second delay from when we're talking to what they're watching on TV Yeah, so we're saying move over move over and it's already over. Yeah. Oh, it was complete Our audio with that video Interactive TV we're not waiting. We'll make it ourself What's up guys, I'm watching on TV and I'm listening to the radio same time what the last guy said is totally true It's the funniest damn thing because I hear I see mark making a total ass It's hung hanging out of his mouth and you guys are like, all right They're gonna cut you real soon then they cut away and go to the interview and I hear you guys Thank you, Andrew, all right, well there you go that's from an hour ago Anthony It's hilarious I hope people in our company can take a joke in I'm sure I'll pay. Oh, sure they can. All right. Listen, we're gonna take a quick break and then we're gonna play a Quick round of what did we learn on the opium Anthony show today? Stay there the open Anthony show Okay, terrific I'm seven seven you any W One oh two seven w any w it's open Anthony. What a show what a show today Wow I don't think anyone turned off their radio on them From two o'clock on today huge just an absolute huge radio show and if that's our last No, don't say that please. That's how I heard that it was I Gotta I gotta be upbeat here. What a way to go out though, huh? Oh, I Don't want to go those job searching again. That's those Interviews the flights all over the hell's creation Come on No Let's play a quick run of what did we learn on the open Anthony show today and we'll We'll get the hell out of here. Hopefully. All right. Hey Chris Chris you're first. What'd you learn on the show today going on? How you doing? We'll see I learned that cycle Mars got the biggest pair of balls this side of freaking man. I'm saying yes Absolutely. All right. Oh, please and please I gotta go to work. Peace. I'm in Matt you're next. What do you learn on the show today? Hey, Matt. Hey guys, what's going on? What's up? I learned that Erected TV is a lot better than a nigger Charlie movie Yeah Thank you. You're right Vanjie you're next. What do you learn on the show? If they would give out Oscars for radio shows you would win no doubt I mean you guys are just too much you are so on the money I mean I missed it, you know, I just heard the last part and I'm one I didn't see the television part It was it didn't matter what part you saw if you were just home and you're an opiate that you shown you just happen To be watching news. You didn't have the radio show on it's funny that way I just watch it to the and listening to the radio show in your car It's funny that way But if you were fortunate enough to have the radio and the TV on at the same time multi-media about it Alright, man Watching it tonight though. I can't you guys you tell Joey you're next. What'd you learn on the show today? Yeah, you're next Joey, let's go. What's up? I learned to stay away from 98 pound brown-eyed girls with eating fetishes Great show guys if it's your last one you went out with a bang. I love you. Thank you, Joey Take it easy buddies. Yeah, please don't say that. We got to stay positive here Christian. What's up? All right, what do you learn on the show today? I learned that history always repeats itself Boston and New York Say that Rippers, huh and bold wounds should not affect strippers. All right, very good. You guys suck. Thank you Don't even say that Joe. What's up? Yeah. Hey, what's happening guys? All right I learned today that starting tomorrow the opiate Anthony show is going to replace with the black Earl and nigger Charlie show Jesus Send the video. All right. Thank you. Hey, hey, I'm his brother you guys Mike what you learned on the show today? I had a great show guys laughing our tails off today He couldn't get any work done. Oh cool, but uh I learned that Marcia Kramer has no sense of humor and she must really think she's freaking important. All right. Thank you Mike Paul you're next Congratulations, I'll be coming the kings of all media Yeah, I want to uh, I just want to say that I uh, I basically learned to find a woman that refuses to cook So you don't have to spend seven hundred dollars on seven pots. That's right. All right, very good. Take it easy fellow. All right Chris you're next. Yeah, you're going all right guys awesome show tonight Thanks Yeah, what do you learn on the show today I learned that open you better have a real big house to house Anthony and Rick And his wife now And I also learned that maybe you guys are going to get nationwide coverage if they show that clip on all the affiliates that they Have I don't think they will Yeah Thank you Eddie. All right. Bye. Oh Oh, no, now I'm getting a little oh no, I'm getting a little nervous. I need a beer. Uh Wayne hey, I don't think you guys are going anywhere. I think your radio show will be here for good. Oh cool I hope so, but I wanted to say that I learned if you're a stripper You better, you know be nice to your boyfriend's you might get shot in the ass. Very good. We did learn that today Yeah, all right. Take care. It did and I say that we love CBS yes, welcome home. Welcome home everybody. Absolutely Yes, we love CBS Don't forget to tune in David Letterman tonight for the Hillary Clinton interview. Yes, everybody in town talking about what a coup that was What a coup Dave, you know, Jay didn't get that over there on that crappy NBC Network. Yeah, we're not big NBC fans whatsoever CBS And if anyone any bigwigs are listening, we don't like you 104. We don't like TLJ. We don't like 100 we rock we want to stay right here right now tune in to Kane Ted what's up? Yeah, don't be an agony. Yeah, I call you guys Don't be an agony cuz you're gonna lose your jobs over a rack that nobody wants to see in the first place You better not just kidding man. I love you guys. I'm a big good bye. Oh Oh Vic you're next. What's up? Hey Vic? Yeah, I missed the whole show today Oh boy, we keep telling you guys, you know, some days it's kind of boring a little slow But you can't turn off this radio show. You don't know what you're gonna miss. You never know Yeah, all right. Listen, could I come down there punch that right in the mouth? Okay. Yeah, sure All right. When could I come down there tomorrow? All right. Thanks a lot You know the shows like you remember I'm Jenny cam on the web Yeah, you tune it in and usually it was a picture of Jenny's empty bed or some clothing a pile of clothing on the floor Sure, or something or a fleeting glimpse of a hand passing by the camera. Oh, yeah, and then Every so often there was Jenny spread eagle naked on the bed. That's our show. That's it You never know what it's gonna be spread eagle on the bed. Sometimes you gotta sit through a pile of laundry to get to the nudity Chris Great show today. I learned that I'm today's your final show in New York I'll stop it good luck to you and find any job. All right, boy. All right. Take care. Thanks you guys That's not even a joke because we've been through this on it You know if we hadn't been I'd be joking but we've been through it It sucks and I don't want to deal with this exact same thing where we had an outrageous stunt and everyone's calling up going Well, well, that was a great last show guys. Thanks. Yeah Just wanna you know, wish you luck in whatever you do next and we're all laughing like It was our last show so that why we're not even laughing at it today Jay, what's up? I want to be a Last one say you guys fuck And I just want to let you know that you guys need to be touched by an angel if I want to stay on the air All right, man. Thank you Well finish with old dirty old dirty Bravo Oh Oh dirty I gotta cut you off we gotta get out we gotta get out of here on time Hey, and with that we'll see you guys tomorrow. Hopefully. All right. Okay. It's gonna be a long walk down that hall Yeah, I know You know what's at the end of the hall? Don't you? Yes, I do. Do you guys have a moment? You got a minute you want to come in here got a minute boy. They liked us for how long a week? Alright man, thanks for listening Oh Little freak Anthony, I find you because oh I'll be an Anthony one. Oh two seven WNEW