 Today, you're stuck with the worst of Opie and Anthony. On FM Talks at 1-0-2-7. And you're hanging with Opie and Anthony. I don't know. I don't know. I think I distorted last night. What do you mean? Oh, well, I'm leaving the city and I'm driving. And the roads are kind of wet, you know. Except it was raining, Opie, it was raining. Well, that happens from time to time, sure. Yeah. You know how slippery it can get with the paint on the street, you know, like crosswalks and like the lines where you're supposed to stop and stuff. All right, all right. Let me stop you. What did you do? Well, it wasn't hard or anything. Did someone beat up your car like they did in the end? No, no, no. At that time? Just I need to paint one cab on my door. I need to like a fighter pilot. I got one. You took out a cab? I got one. Right on. I didn't take him out. I just busted his tail light. So what did he do? I stepped on the brake. The thing kind of went... You know, my anti-lock brakes and stuff. But I slept. I'm supposed to have anti-lock brakes. And just tapped him. Like no damage or anything to it, especially to my vehicle, the cow catcher on the front. Didn't even scratch the rubber. But his tail light, you know, brakes. He gets out, my cab, this is a 1998. Do you know what the tail light go for? I'm like, no, I guess you're going to tell me, right? It's $500. $500. $500. Come on. Over a tail light. Get out of here, Habib. What are you talking about? $500. And he's talking like that's it. I go, it's a lens on the front of that. No, not lens. He opens his trunk up. Whole unit must be replaced. And I swear it wasn't even the entire lens. It was like the lower part of it. Yeah, like the orange part. Yeah, regardless, even if he had to replace the entire lens. $500 for this lens. The whole thing, trunk and back seat must be replaced. You make me lose fair. $500 you pig. So he's just ragging and stuff. I'm like, well, you know something, then? Call the cop. Call the cop. Oh, I will call the cop. Look, come with me to Auto Parts store. We'll show you that. Now he wants me to follow him to the Auto Parts store. Oh, yeah, that's good. I go, all right, look, I rear-ended the guy. He's making a big to-do about it. I said, okay, pal, look, there's a cash machine right there. I'll take $100 out. $100. Thank you for your F and 10. It wasn't 98. It was a brand new. $100. Brand new. I screwed up, man. I slid into him. What am I going to do? He accepted $100? Oh, yeah. Now he's just going to go to the hardware store, get the red tape, and he's going to be safe. Of course he is. I just gave a guy $100 for nothing. I could have done that, or I could have waited for a cop report, go through insurance. It'll end up being more than $100 in the long run when the insurance company gets a hold of you. You know what I mean? $100? I know. I didn't feel good about it myself. And then he's yelling, like before I even made him that offer, that $500, $500. And he goes, I will talk to another cabbie. He will tell you. Of course he will. So you know what happens? He screwed him. Another cab pulls over. The guy gets out. He goes, how much you owe me for this taillight? And the guy in the other cab is like, oh, that happened to me the other day. It's like $90 or something like that. But you have a $90, $70, and $90, $90, and $90. He's screaming. $100. I was just like, ah, god. This should be able to punch him in the face for $100. I felt a little extorted. I felt like I was taken advantage of, like I screwed up because I actually paid him. But it's like, what are you going to do? Stand there and wait? I had to make a decision. I didn't want to let it go through the insurance company. So I told him $100. I'm surprised you were polite enough to stop. Usually you just keep going, Anthony. There was really no good place to go. Oh, I had him in God. What are you kidding? You're the hit and run guy. I never hit and run. I never hit. I don't hit people. That was the first even encounter in New York City since we've been here. And you see the way I drive. Well, we had another one when I was driving. That was you. The famous guy knocking out my side view. That cost me $250 for a side view mirror. Well, at least when I tap people, it's their car, Opie, not them in the crosswalk. Well, the light was green. I wanted to go. It wasn't like I dassed it. I just kind of in-stopped, hit the guy, hit him in the hip. Figured he would move out of the way and we'd be set. We'd be through the light. He moved out of the way, all right? Moved over to your side view mirror and punched it off your car. One of the most amazing punches I've ever seen. How much did that cost you to get it fixed? I told you, $250. See, that cost you $250. Well, because you got the automatic mirrors and all that crap. I got it all cheap, $100. $100 for a taillight. We've got to keep it tall. That's $350 we've got to shell out because of our driving habits. It could have been a lot worse, the stuff we've pulled in the past year and a half. Julio? What happened, dude? I'll tell you why you wanted the $500 for that taillight. That's the cost and it's deductible. Oh, yeah. Well, that makes sense. I'll tell you one thing. So many people are just so pissed at insurance companies, you don't want to go through them. They're the ones that are getting money out of everybody and you don't even want to go through them because you're paying enough for your premiums already. If even you have a little fender bender, your premiums go up. It's worth it just to pay the people off. Absolutely. $500 for a taillight. Stacy, what's going on? First of all, I'm not going to poke fun at you guys, but Habib is an Arabic name and you're doing an Indian accent. Do you think we know? Do you think we care? We've got a Chinese guy named Yoshi. It's not called the Opie, Anthony and Stacy show, so we'll do whatever the hell we want. Stacy, what nationality are you? I'm a Jew. Oh, really? Yeah. No surprise, the Jew's nitpicking. Listen, we've got to do something. We're going to have to spin the ethnic wheel today. I'm feeling in that mood today. So am I. You know what? My husband is Arabic, so if you've got something to say, we've got to do it right now. Habib? Habib married a Jew? He's not Habib. Yeah, Jew and an Arab are married. That's pretty interesting. How do you know that Kaby was an Indian? Your particular Kaby? Yeah. How do you know I wasn't just doing an Indian guy? Hello, give me $500. You are, but you said Habib. Yeah, and what's Habib? Habib is an Arabic. Maybe he was an Arab guy born in India, you bitch. Oh my God. And not every person named Habib is an Arabic. And every Jew is a Jew. If you just call me a bitch, I'm going to call my lawyer. Really? I like when people fight back. Good job, Stacy. Stacy, don't sue me. I'll give you $100. That's how much the camp drive is trying to sort from my husband and I. We were called out one day and a camp driveer actually was going to help us. And the cab driver tried to jump start our Jeep. It was a success. However, try to blame this jump start on the fact that their portable CD player stopped working. As a result of the jump start they tried to get us. So she said, give us $100. And so we called it a kiss-off. You know what? You're a Jew ass. Exactly. You got it. Yeah, something about the Kabbys. I don't see them as being the most ethical people when it comes to if you get into a little fender-bender, them not trying to get the better of the deal. You know what I mean? I think they're very ethical. When you tell them where to go, they take the direct route, right, Anthony? Of course. You want to go to the village? They know exactly how to go, the shortest distance between two points, right? Well, when you're hopping, it's the... They're not zig-zagging all across town, are they? I know when someone's coming from LaGuardia or something. You're brand new, I just come to America. Want to take me to a park in Meridia? Oh, okay. That we have to go through Jersey. Wherever you have to go. How much money is this? Oh, that's the lowest denomination, the one with the grant on it. Too funny. All right, we're just getting started. I'm seriously thinking about spinning the ethnic wheel today. Ethnic wheel? It's kind of a brand new feature on the ONA show. Basically, we got a bunch of ethnic groups on this wheel, kind of like the Wheel of Fortune wheel. We spin it, and whatever ethnic group it stops on, we spend an hour telling jokes about that ethnic group. What do you do? One of my favorite bits from the Greaseman show. What do you think? I like it. You like it? Boy, I hope it lands on the black, sir. It's kind of like a car wreck on the highway. We're going to have to clean this in to see what the hell these idiots are doing next. Opie and Anthony, we refuse to be responsible. So go screw yourself. We refuse to be responsible. You deserve the best. But that'd be a lot of work. Here's the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk at 1-0-2-7. And we got to welcome Rick, our producer, back to the show. He's back. Rick, now a married man. Yep. Hold it up high. Let me just say. Oh, hold it up. There it is. Wow. Boy, that is a prominent drink, isn't it? Jesus, there ain't no mistake in that. I've been tagged on a return to the wild. She knows exactly what I'm saying. That looks like a tagging. This one's been tagged. Look at him. I saw that guy this weekend. Did you have the crocodile hunt there? God damn, this thing makes me laugh. Isn't he funny? He's really funny. He like doesn't care what the hell he's doing. I've seen him stick his head in a cave where there were snakes. And the snake started biting his face. And he's just like, look at these gorgeous creatures. They're gorgeous. They're biting my face. This is gorgeous. And he's got his wife with him. She's some American broad. And they're in the middle of a river. There's crocodiles in there. And you see one go by, a big one. He's like, watch the boat, honey. And he jumps in. And he starts grabbing the mouth. And he's talking as he's doing it. I'm going to try to roll him over before he goes into a death roll. Death roll? Because they did like a rock will grab onto us something. And then roll. It'll just spin. So whatever up its tail and everything is, it can't get frayed. And also whatever it's grabbed onto, it's ripping a chunk out of it as the croc spins. Sure. You know, usually it's some poor, dopey wildebeest that went into the river. Not this dopey Australian guy who's trying to wrestle it on his home turf. He's got to alligator his home turf. I've got him now. Honey, OK, honey, now jump in. And he gets his wife in there to sit on the croc's head. Sit on his head, honey. I'm going to stick my thumb up his bum. I'm going to stick my thumb up his bum and see if he's male or female. Well, this weekend he was chasing crocodiles. He was chasing them? Yeah, there was some form of crocodile. They moved pretty damn fast and stuff. And he was chasing them. They were about three, four feet long. They run like a mother. And he's running all over the places, tackling these things. He doesn't care. No. I've seen him with all kinds of animals. And he gets bitten. He had a kangaroo once. And he was trying to wrestle that thing down. And the thing's just kicking the crap out of him. He's gorgeous. Look at the color on this. It's just bleeding and everything. Yeah. Bob, what's going on? Yeah, you ever notice that he's always wearing those same khaki shorts and T-shirt? That's all he owns. That's that Australian outback kind of wear he's wearing. Right, right. The guy jumps in the ocean, right? He's going to rescue a shark from a net. He's wearing his same khaki shorts and T-shirt. Yeah, yeah. He doesn't change. No, he doesn't change. His wife throws in the scuba tank with him. And he's still wearing this. You see him scuba diving underwater in the shirt. In his crocodile Dundee outfit. Right, right. He's got the boots on over his flipper. He's some kind of superhero, I think. I don't know what the hell he is. And then he's diving with those sharks. And he sticks his hand in the hole in the coral and pulls it out. And it's like totally bloody. You see him on the boat. Look, he got my hand. They seem to have bitten me. Yeah, no crap. Look at what you're doing. You're taunting them. The guy has no fear. What's going on? He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a He's got a little bit of a Oh, no, don't do this at home. Yeah, sure. I was really just thinking of going out and doing that at home. Trying to find a snake. Thank you, Bob. He was chasing some kind of animals with a land rover, and he's on the bumper trying to rope it, and he missed, so he just tells his wife to pull up next to it and jumped off the rover onto this thing's head. It looked like he was being trampled, because he was. God got him, honey! I've got him! Like hoof marks in his face. Look, it's God! You think he throws his wife around like that in the bed all of a sudden? Look, I'm going to roll her! She's going into a death row! Now I'll stick my thumb up her bum! I'm going to give her what we call the lichess! Take a u-log over her head! Jason, what's going on? Yeah, how are you doing, guys? I saw him making excuses, and I thought, I'm going to give him a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a into a fight. And aside from the guys, there's watch out. Just watch out. His wife says to his two children, push up you nuts. Are you coming to two inches from me put for my next wife's wife. I said oh yeah. I'måt sit in my house. I hear my wife and I walked to two hundred It's beyond moronic. It's up moronic. Okay. 1027. Yeah, a lot of people want to know if Corky Steinbrenner is going to make it to the appearance today to congratulate Coney on his perfect game. Oh, there you are. What's up? It's Corky Steinbrenner everyone. Not the strong boss from the 1970s. All of a sudden I'm a little wrinkled old man that's so sensitive I cry every two seconds. Oh, Corky Steinbrenner. Yes. I see you have your crazy Eddie outfit on. Same outfit you've been wearing since 1977. That's how I dress. I wear my turtleneck. My little sports jacket. You were wearing that same outfit yesterday even though it was 100 degrees. You must have been sweating your ballies off. I was wearing this with my fire billy box. Billy, where are you? Billy, I miss you Billy so much. Thurman. Thurman. JFK Jr. The only new ye. Well, was it nice to have Yogi Bird? Yogi. Yogi. Yogi. Yogi. Yogi. Yogi. Yogi. Yogi. Yogi. Yogi. Yogi. Wait, what was that? Yogi in the park again. Oh, it was so good. He looks like Yoda though. Yoda, Yogi, what's the difference? So you must be proud of Conan. Conan. Pitching the perfect game yesterday. Perfect game. He's the best pitcher in baseball. He sure is. And you had Don Larson there. Don Larson, what a man. Let's not forget his perfect game. From 1956. 1956. Did you see the picture of me in the paper with? Daryl. He's the best crackhead in baseball. We're going to give him another crack at it. Yeah, in August, huh? Yeah. If we could keep him away from the horse. He loves those horses. One crack or another, he's trying to get his nose in it. Let's not forget about Mattingly. Mattingly. Back in the stadium yesterday. He's the best player. Throwing in Yankees. Exactly what he said. I used to be so strong in the 70s. I never shed a tear. Remember me yelling at Reggie all the time. Reggie, Reggie, Reggie, I miss you so. Look at me now, I'm a bumbling fool. I used to be able to fire people up. I didn't care, I didn't care. Do you remember what you said in the locker room after you guys won the World Series last year? I don't know, I was crying. I said, the Yankees are the best team in baseball. Wes Tate, Linfield. I love him. Sure you do. Alright Corky. The Bronx Bombers are the best team. I'm the boss, I can't believe how lucky I am. Do you have any thoughts on a huge Yankee fan that passed this weekend? KJr. Why did he have to fly? He worked just like Thurman did. And Randy Rhodes. He ran my favorite guitar plays. Why? Leave the fly into professionals. You don't see me fly into you. I still can't forget Stevie Ray and the helicopter. And Jim Croce. Let's get that. Why? Don't forget Buddy Holly. Hey Julien, I need a new stadium please. Can I have a new stadium please, man? I need a Kleenex. Alright Corky. Well Corky, thanks for stopping by the show. I used to be so strong and honest with you. I look like a woman. Thanks for letting me on your show guys. You are my father's two biggest fans, all on the radio. Corky's time, brother, everyone. This is the Boxery Mania. I'll do this one for all the animal lovers since they like gerbils so much. It's a sing-along too, so everybody feel free to join in. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. Look at those balls. Everybody! I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. I'm going to bounce some balls. Alright. Killing kittens isn't easy. And if the thought makes you feel queasy, grab a pitchfork from the shed. And kill a puppy dog instead. Kill a kitten. You got to kill a kitten. A little furry kitten. You got to kill a kitten. You got to kill a mother. You got to kill a son. You got to kill a little f***. You better kill him. 8-6-7-5-3-0-9. 8-6-7-5-3-0-9. Yeah. Meow, meow. Steven Leitch everyone. Opie and Anthony. Opie and Anthony. Opie and Anthony. 1027. Now, more of the worst of Opie and Anthony on SM Talk at 1027. Go. Oh, yeah. Alright, I'm upstairs now with the king. Alright, he's in our lobby. We're going to try to figure out if he's worthy enough to come down and hang with us today. Alright. Hello. Hello. King. Is this the king? Yeah. You sound like the king. I hear that voice. Now we got your CD Gravelands. Do you like it? Um, yeah, it's great. It's quite different. I guess the concept is you're the king singing other people's songs that are dead. Yeah. We play Come As You Are in Sweet Home Alabama on our show right now. Thank you. Getting ready for the fire listeners. They like it, yeah. Yeah, yeah, it's great. So why imitate the king? Well, it's someone I have seen in the movies. I've seen it in the movies. I've seen it in the movies. I've seen it in the movies. So why imitate the king? Well, it's someone I have loved and admired since I was seven years old. Do you know why we have you on the phone? No, why? We're trying to decide if you're worthy or not to come down here and hang with us. And so far you're not winning the battle. Alright. Serious. So what else did you give us? We did several acoustic songs. Yeah. And answer any questions that you have answered. Well, there's not many questions we want to ask. Yeah, an Elvis impersonator. Are you an Elvis impersonator? Do you dress up like Elvis and stuff? Well, I wear a black leather costume. Yeah. Similar to the one that Elvis wore in the 60th TV special. You sound very excited. Well, I've been up from 4.30 this morning. I'm exhausted. Yeah. We had so many planes delayed on us. Chicago. And it's been a real long day. We're setting up a special studio for you, okay? Right. So I'm worthy then. Well, I don't know if you're worthy yet. I think you need some stacker too. Well, here's our plan. Here's our plan. We want you to do a couple, at least one song from your Graveland CD. Yeah. But we want you to perform it in the bathroom here at NEW. Can you do that? In the bathroom? In the bathroom, on the potty. We're setting up a microphone and everything. Yeah, we'll have a mic in there for you. On the potty? No. Headphones and stuff. Well, you don't have to take your pants down or anything. You just got to sit on the toilet. No. And play your song. No, I don't want to do that. Why not? Because I think it's sick. Why is that sick? Because we died in the bathroom. Well, yeah, that's the reason we want to do it. Yeah, that'll give it more of the ultimate tribute to the king himself. What do you say? We'll negotiate this point. We won't need to sing from the bathroom. We'll plug your CD. We'll allow you to play a couple songs. I almost died in the bathroom. It's like the king on his throne. I'm just saying, they wanted to talk to me on the phone first to see if I was maybe worthy enough to sign into the studio. Yeah. So what do you think? I'm worthy enough to go to the studio, no problem, but I don't want to sing from the bathroom. Why not? That'll be neat. We have a mic in there and everything. I'm not going to sit on the toilet and sing. On the toilet and sing? No. See, it doesn't sound like you have much of a sense of humor about you. Are you a funny guy, a fun guy? Or are you very serious? Uh... You're pretty serious, dude. I would say, yeah. I mean, having five children... Dude, it's a goof CD, so we're going to goof around with you. What can I tell you? It's a goof CD. A goof? Not good. It's kind of goofy. What do you think? Don't you think it's a little weird? I would think you would have this tremendous sense of humor. It's a fun, warm-hearted CD. It was okay. I thought the music was good. I thought the impersonation needed a little work. Well, that's your opinion. You're intent on it. So what do you say, King? We got the studio set up? No. It's a great room acoustically? No. I don't want to sing from the bathroom sitting on the toilet. Is that just because you would never sing from a bathroom? It's out of respect for Elvis Presley. Out of respect for Elvis? I think Elvis would be into something like this. No. Come on, we wanted you to be naked in there. We'll take that away, so you just have to sit on the toilet. No, I don't want to sit on the toilet. Why not? I just explained why. What if the lid was down? Yeah, the lid will be down. I don't care if the lid's down or up. You don't have to take a dump when you hit the high notes or something. We're just looking for you to sit on the ball. We'll have a mic in there, headphones. So that's how Elvis Presley died, is it? I guess. That's what they say. But I don't think it was during his performance of a song. Come on, you're an Elvis impersonator. You do other people's dead songs. So you should have a sense of humor and do this. And then we'll plug the CD in everything. Yeah, but it's not the derogatory humor. It's a... Hey, King, you're making this up. Hey, King, you're making money off other dead artists' work. Right. I'm making money? I haven't made any money. You know, you sing... I haven't made any money. How do you know what money I have made? You sing a Nirvana song, a Leonard Skinner song, a ACG song, Jimi Hendrix... Excuse me, you are making money off other dead people's work by playing the records on the radio station. Yeah, and we'll spin records from the bathroom, too. We'll spin records from the bathroom, too. James Cameron made the film Titanic. So you want to start accusing him of making money off people dead. Oh, we hit a soft spot, I believe. We're not accusing you of anything. All we're saying is... We're just saying if you're going to sing other people's songs that are dead, that you should have a sense of humor to perform them on the toilet. As Elvis. No. As Elvis. No. Elvis died on the toilet, can't it? No. Are you like in love with Elvis? I've explained that I don't want to perform on the toilet and sing out of respect for the memory of Elvis. Are you in love with Elvis? Is that it? Like you have this love for him? Yeah, fraternal love. Anything wrong with that? Fraternal love? Anything wrong with the fraternal love? Or have you found a way to make money off his name? What? Just to ask you. Elvis seemed to have had a sense of humor. Yeah, he had a wonderful sense of humor. Good sense of humor. Yeah, and that's kind of a weird sense of humor thing to perform one of the songs sitting on the toilet. No. No? So what do you say, King? I've already told you about 20 times. I thought we could talk you into it. What? I thought we could talk you into it. No. See, I guess you didn't really know much about our show then, huh? No. We have every artist that ever comes into Opie and Anthony's studio performs from the bathroom. That's right. No. And it's just a coincidence that Elvis died on the toilet. We didn't even take that into consideration, but... No. It is kind of the way it's set up. Well, all right, so your final answer is no? Mm-hmm. Okay. I guess we could play your CD from here then. Well, it's up to you. All right, would you like to hear me play? I would like to go into the studio where you are and perform the songs. Oh, no, no, the deal is... We're going to play them to that. The deal is you perform from the bathroom or that's it. No. All right, well then I'll play your CD here in the studio. Why can't you let me go into the studio and perform the songs, man? Because it's much more fun if you do it in the bathroom. Yeah. No. No? You sound intense, man. What? You sound like you're going to cry or something. You all right? Yeah, I'm all right. You sound intense. All right, do you ever lighten up or loosen up or laugh or something? Sometimes. Yeah, not now. Don't have a sense of humor, huh? It doesn't sound like... All right, well, would you like to listen as I play your CD here in the studio? Yeah, go ahead. All right, here we go. Did you hear that? Yeah. All right. All right, King. This piece is a CD all over the studio. Well, do you think you're the one that has to clean it up? Yeah, that's all right, though. It was worth it. All right, man, have a great weekend. I will. All right. See you. Bye-bye. Yes. Okay. Okay. Wow. I have to admit going through the process of that completely boring little allocation because of a single hour that's all. Well, that was fun. what and this and he wasn't going to saying from the bathroom now rick's got a good deal with them but why is everyone leaving me well i think you're a little harsh now he's being rude to us to man and we have to get ready i thought he was going to sing from the bathroom i just swear to god i thought we were going to get him to sing from the bathroom that would have been fun right was a big deal he seemed to not want to undo it because of elvis elvis died on the on the toilet all right so out of his love for elvis what happened i thought it was just having fun do i think every time we open our mouths we'll piss someone off all right knock it off one two seven on fm talk two seven you can't ignore library hi i was wondering if you could help me well try okay my son came home with a list of books that he needs to read for his fourth grade class okay well why don't i think you can tell them that she can be a chic and i'll peel with one you might need uh... thanks a lot of show a hold on play children's department here in the game i can any two uh... come into the library and pick up a few books for my son okay he came home with a reading list from his fourth grade class uh... do you have harry beaver goes to the beach harry beaver goes to the beach doesn't sound familiar doesn't mean we don't have it is there any way to look at it do you have others but you're looking for it yeah i guess is a whole lot harry beaver uh... collection okay down he doesn't sound familiar but that's not a hundred percent certain i guess he's a new author of seattle okay writes on children's books okay it's a harry beaver goes to the beach harry beaver on the dike back okay harry beaver gets wood one and finally harry beaver and the one-eyed wonder worm okay why don't you want to take a look at the computer to see if we've got any of the you okay i think a lot here the fabric even collect sh and that's thank you for waiting uh... i checked our computer here in we don't own any of them and i i also wanted to see if anybody in the region can have it and that has any of them and it doesn't know that nobody's coming up with any of the harry beaver book and i also looked in our children's books in print for nineteen ninety seven and i didn't come up with any harry beaver in there either that's uh... awfully strange uh... it if it if it's really new it may just be that nobody has it yet so no one has harry beaver yet it doesn't look that way harry beaver doesn't come up on the computer now all right do you have any any of the uh... bobby series now i'm not familiar with bobby either uh... there's one book on this list it's uh... bobby goes read his writing i think those must adding you have an author for the use of all an author uh... let me see here uh... uh... i need a bush like her don't even try to figure it out all righty it is the uh... worst of the opi and anthony show what's happening man this is rick the producer of the show sitting in for the guys they'll be back on monday in the meantime it's a worst of for today quick couple tunes will do a uh... bit in between both these songs and be back with more of the worst of opi and anthony fm talk one of the seven w and e w house and she you're stuck with the worst of opi and anthony on fm talk at one oh two seven five boys and girls and welcome to another edition of stoner spelling bee today's contestant is all dirty all dirty word is inebriated you know created yeah let's see this one c and u the are i p e p marker in the re-aided in the re-aided are a p e p in the re-aided in the re-aided the and the art re-aided are a p e p how's that okay old dirty since you're from the hood inebriated in a sentence and then trying to spell it all right you've been a great in the sense that every time i go to the studio i get inebriated okay now spell e and u you know three a m a the re-aided c r e a t that's that's it and i don't know anyway i know what it feels like uh... and that's my word in the re-aided and doesn't sound like a new created when you spell it the next time and thanks for playing will be an entity seven here's the worst of opi and anthony on f m talk at one oh two seven uh... and has a great story on your favorite tb host who would that be star jones from the view i guess i love star she's a diva you know all three whether whether you think she is and i think that's it you know i guess it's true anyway that the headline frankly view of star jones back i think this is a little star jones was nice and nice enough to invite sixty friends to a barbecue at her summer place in the hamptons but not all her guests were so nice one uh... in great calls up msnbc to claim that guess one allowed in the to use the bathroom and instead they were relegated to rented portable toilets on the lawn and she wouldn't let the guests in our house that said he is the toilet now she didn't want just using her bathroom well i got a reason for that money seat my answer so big i got a custom-built pilot ball is this big as a jacuzzi and i was beautiful they were falling with their skin and now that i have to uh... d uh... you're doing alright also uh... there are complaints uh... from people that uh... we're at this party about the menu that star jones selected and then you look at the wrong here many uh... well uh... star jones provided hamburgers and hot dogs for a gas very nice for a barbecue right now but she reserved a lobster for herself prepared by her personal chef which he washed out with some champagne washed out the district area treatment the shell and everything or uh... some of those who are uh... uh... what a way i guess that she sits there she says there's eating lobster and champagne right and she's giving her everyone's day else has we need to have a reason i don't burgers and we need as you get the same thing i think that champagne for everyone and think now probably have to make some some cool aid for the main thing get the great coolie and and then at one point she told the chef to make sure that no one else got her lobster uh... that that was for her and not the gas at a spy that's the main d is star stock get in the portable toilet you mud people and i'm a dvd i used to be a firm in the house uh... stars here star stock star stock i don't know no limit is good but i got but it is given a long time to get a dog i'm hungry well i don't like living there i love the red hot chili pepper not the band of the team that i did it it's not that means past the con and uh... and uh... and uh... and take our hands off of it even got close into her lobster and champagne i'm a d and who'd want to use that toilet imagine going into stars bathroom because you know the first image you would get is a part on that ball there big away began is hard for me to line up uh... and sliding i got to use one of them uh... one of the northern bomb sites like these on the bomb a plane to the lineup i don't hit the seat is a lot of and only a i'm a lawyer here we go lineup there uh... you know that the bathroom star i have to use the bathroom you can see that it's not bad to my diva uh... another one without a whole lot from a lot of them that hurt coming out uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... but it's hanging out with a look like a lot of stuff today uh... star really need the bathroom you know the pool it and that's a taste station uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... this one working out pretty good handle it uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... party for the kids uh... uh... one of two seven and speaking of what's not we got on the line of guy that uh... was that would stock on your stories with the bar bonfires and stuff uh... uh... and we've heard the stories of people get hurt rumors have it that some people got that killed at woodstock and uh... well here's a guy it's an exclusive for the open at the show that was that was not any got hurt sorry i'm lying hello there is a lot of time i'm all time time see if the sunburn okay i had like and with a kick all i mean your answers to it i think it would stock and i would very injured yeah very injured well what happened to you well right when i got there wanted to be one of the mud people like so much fun in ninety four yeah so i can help the mud by the poor to john it was a c i would have been a big thing didn't you know when you're spreading stuff all over your body well i thought but i think it was that he could take it to be but it was correct uh... it then i felt like i would be free and naked so i took my pants off and the girls left it i think i went to the body painting and i had my penis painted but they they thought it was a big joke they painted it a shrimp on it so i had to walk around woodstock with a shrimp dangling from the and everyone laughed at me and beat me mercilessly and you had feces all over your body as well i think that yeah okay so i was very injured it that you would show the little i don't need rock you know the little visit from my kid rock what about him he had but it may be like that and i got a rupture so i'm showing that whole thing is going to drive well i got a lot of money and then i would in the portable toilet and business and some roping group of hooligans tipped it over on me on the door and i couldn't get out i was trapped for twelve hours i had to breathe through a toilet paper tube while they were trying to snorkel in a in a pool of urine and feces well they were trying to make more mud what can i tell you that wasn't on my brochure i got with my picket that i'd be with feces for twelve hours all of it and then i i finally get out and i think that the metallica yeah and i put a new carol of my shoulders and i can't create that i think i might have and i tried to get a roping she was stopped his so i have a big he can't be now but i think i think that other friends biting you as we speak here are hiding and she might have been out of my great account play a full-fledged so you get the opinion penis of like a shrimp like a shrimp you got feces all of your body and you got uh... crabs that you had a uh... remove most your hair and right okay market she was stuck on my might get like a sucker fish never see those yes i am in your aquarium yes i am trying to move it back and did you get a hit by any of the tampons ever the red hot chili pepper set on city keyed don't get to the women yet if you're on your period roly-poly tampons on stage yes often i think the wrong time to turn around and you're on the but i think i think what the crowd to go on because you're tired and i think it was fat daddy that really uh... and someone sent me on fire they said you on fire roving band of hooligans 안돼 i don't hate themselves who knows You never know when they're dumping out of our show these days. That old gag. That old gag, right? Okay then. Well, it sounds like you had a successful Woodstock experience. Oh, I'll remember it forever. All right, very good. Well thank you sir for calling us. Thank you. All right. Bye bye. There he goes. One of the many people that got injured at Woodstock. All right. You guys can conflict. Piss me off, okay? All right. Spaz trying to defend his manhood once again today after receiving a picture of Spaz in a bra. Spaz having a real tough time explaining this one with all the evidence that has accumulated over the months that you have been here at NEW on the Opie and Anthony show. What evidence? We've won Forty Million Ties. Two girls in the closet didn't complete on either one. That dirty dance you do. The girls that don't call you back. Your lack of knowledge of women's anatomy. I can't even go on and that's right off the top of my head. And now a picture of you in a bra. Now yeah, a picture of you in a bra turns up where you're not fighting. Your arms are up in the air. You look like you're like, I'm free and gay. I got my bra on. I am not gay and I plan to prove that. It looks like you're trying to raise the roof to a Ricky Martin song while you have a bra. Come on. Yeah, look. I mean, remember that was forced into that situation. I did not do that voluntarily. Alcohol in my system, they forced it on me. Why are you dressed? Spaz taking his shirt off. Look, Spaz is wearing a bra. Why do we have a picture of you wearing a bra? I can explain this. I can explain this. This is the same guy that found it fun to see me squirm. Yeah. Now this that wasn't months ago or weeks ago, this was last night. Remember that was forced into that situation. I did not do that voluntarily. Alcohol in my system, they forced it on me. I am not gay and I plan to prove that. I don't understand why I don't get chicks. Come on. I don't wear bras. Just putting all the evidence together. That's all. Just another piece of the puzzle. We have evidence now of you wearing bras. Just another piece of the puzzle. Girls can't get Spaz off in the closet. Now we got pictures of him wearing bras. You figure it out. I won a bra last night and they forced it on me. Come on. I was struggling. All of a sudden I won a raffle. I am on my knees and this guy and his stuff. I am not gay but I couldn't fight him off. Come on. I couldn't fight him off. He is big and strong. I would have fought any person trying to do that to me. I am in front of the glory hall. Right. It was my turn because I won the chance to be there. I couldn't leave because a bunch of guys were holding the door shut. Excuse me but I don't want to toot my own horn. You know he is an actor right? He does these theater things. He comes in and tells us he is a person. What the next place Spaz is in is unique. What is this like? I don't know the name of this but he plays a gay guy. Wait a minute. Spaz? Yes. You are playing a gay guy in the play you are in? I am not sure if I am gay or hetero in the play. This guy comes on to me and they say he is going to do a taste for me. Taste for you? You are going to taste something else? You are going to taste ass. That is real life. This is not a play. It is an act but there is no theater, no theater group, no actors. Look at the evidence piling up against Spaz. You are kissing men. Where is the line drawn? OJ looks innocent right now. I know right? I am innocent I tell you. Come on. OJ. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. Boy. What is happening? This is Rick, producer of the opiate Anthony show. Sitting with you guys on today's worst of. The last whip them out Wednesday of the millennium. Man, where did it all go? Doing the worst of today. We are doing it tomorrow. We are doing it Friday. New Year's Eve. As we get ready for the guys return Monday January 3rd. They will be back next Monday. Ready to rock after a nice vacation. Hopefully you guys are enjoying the worst of. The show. Instant feedback is working. Make sure you send your request for bits. We got a lot of great requests yesterday. I am trying to dig some of these out. Be patient. I will try to get as many as I can in. Or you can fax them to us. Since it is whip them out Wednesday. Why don't we hit on some wow stuff. Including the wow song coming up. All righty. Chill. It is the worst of the opiate Anthony show. More of the worst of opiate and Anthony. On FM talk at 1027. Alex, what's up? Hey Alex. How are you doing? My mother and I were driving the other day. They had a big wow sign. I am laughing. I like the wow. That is wow. They whip them out on Wednesday. I said, yeah mom. Her girlfriend and her husband. She went down to party land and got fake boobs. They went out on the long island expressway. She was in her seventies. Rub them off on the road surface. Hanging out the window. Definitely a hazard. That damn viagra is to blame. Like a dog. Like a beagle. Ears flapping in the breeze. Hey whip them out. Look at you. Hey whip them out. Look at you. Like a beagle. Blood out. Whip them out. Take them out from behind your ears. Grandma. So you can get a look. Your blue hair is blocking the view. Too flat tongue. Too flat tongue. Too flat tongue. Too flat tongue. Too flat tongue. Too flat tongue. Ouch. Grandma, pull up to an Exxon and pump some air into those. Have Sparky pressure check that. 32 pounds per square. That's something. Should be left to other people. I think we should leave on that. A nice up note. Nice little laugh there. It's going to go downhill from there. Too late. Come on ladies now. Come on ladies. Open your blouse. Flash your boobies at girls. Flash your boobies at girls. Show your melons to guys. Show your melons to guys. Just your mouth hang below the dashboard. Below the dashboard. Lift those babies up high. Lift those babies up high. Why? Why? Why? Take them out baby now. Take them out baby. And flap them around. Flap them around. Come on, come on, come on, come on ladies now. Come on ladies. That's what wow is about. That's what wow is about. You got to lose that shirt. Lose that shirt. And let the fun back bounce. Fun back bounce. See those small thermosackets. Thermosackets. Let those shots come out. Let those shots come out. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Get ready for the last week. Get ready for the last week. It is Open Anthony. It is Open Anthony. N-E-W. It is Open Anthony. Hello, how are you guys? Last day before vacation. Yeah. Yeah. Who are you kidding? We've been on vacation for the last two months. Hell yeah. Well, it's FM Talk at 1027 for now. Talk you can't ignore. For now. 212-757-1027 is our phone number. Fax line 212-957-9639. Well, we're only going to be here for a few hours, aren't we? Yeah, we're basically on vacation. I mean, who are we kidding? We're not going to lie to you. We didn't even try to put on a show today. No. But I guarantee we'll have another good one. We'll have some fun, I think. As happens around the Open Anthony show. But the day before you go on vacation, just doesn't matter. The boss could yell at you, I don't care. Vacation. If anything goes wrong at work, who cares? On vacation. It doesn't matter. Absolutely. We were just too paranoid to take yesterday and today off. Everyone else did. I think we're the only live radio hosts in New York. Everyone else took their little two-week vacation. And we were too paranoid to do that. We don't feel loved enough to do that. We take Monday and Tuesday off. Everyone is going to forget about us. Yeah, but we get a phone call. Guys? Look, it's going really well without you. Why don't you just take some more time off? That's good. We've got the Slappy and Lappy show replacing you. That's true. What else are we going to do? We like just coming in here anyway. Well, the fact is our lives aren't that interesting when we're not here. This is our lives. What are we going to do? Go to Hammerstein and check out Fatboy Slim with young 20-year-old chicks. Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! This is fantastic. What a great story in the paper. Where is that? Yeah, that is a killer, killer story. Are we allowed to talk about Howard or is the company going to get pissed at us and say we're not team players? The company will get pissed at us and say we're not team players, but it's a news story, man. And goddamn, it's a good news story. Howard's in the news. Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! Look at you, honey. Let me see those cans. This is hilarious. That's right, Robin. Suddenly single Howard Stern seems to be jumping back in the saddle with both cheeks. Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! That's right, Robin. Stern, who was legally separated from wife Allison last month, showed up at the Hammerstein Ballroom Friday with his eldest daughters to check out the DJ stylings of Fatboy Slim. The shock jock was just sort of moving to the music in a private balcony box while his kids... Look at me boogie, Robin. ...while his kids raged full on. But after about an hour, Stern, but his girls in a cabin, returned to party in earnest. Get home. I got a bang. Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! The king of all media quickly called two women on his side on his cell phone, had their names added to a guest list, and danced with both at the same time. Stern soon focuses full attention on one of the lucky ladies, a 20-something. Yeah, Howard. I'm finally respecting the guy. God damn. A 20-something with shoulder-length brown hair and a booming body, while the other girl mingled with the VIP crowd. Our spies say Stern was bumping and grinding with the mystery cutie until a friend resurfaced at about 12.30 a.m. The three then left together. That's right, Robin. Not long after that, two other revelers had to be tossed from the private box for engaging in a sex act. I took two chicks home with me. Woo-hoo! Baa-baa and boo-wee. God bless him, man. Look at him. Now he's out. Wasn't that something that he always just said he never did? Yeah. Like, went out? He went to his two chicks? To his, uh, swank apartment? Did he do that? We have no idea. We could just assume or imagine. The funny thing is, Stern in town here lives in the same building as Regis. Some luxury high-rise there. Howard, keep it down, for God's sake! He's banging all night, tell me! I can't get any sleep! Howard wants to be a millionaire, and Howard Stern is banging next door! Howard, for the love of God, it's four in the morning! Gelman, shut him up! I can't believe he's banging so long! Howard, where'd you find these horses? They're all-nighters! Howard, I gotta sleep! I gotta put up with Cathy Lee, and you're banging! Shut up over there! Two broads. Two broads, yes. Is that Cathy Lee in there? Howard, who are you banging? My God! That's something. He's getting something. God bless him. Where's Joy? I hope Joy didn't go next door! The bar on Cup of Sugar! Howard, you're not banging my wife Joy! What's going on in there? Gelman, they're banging! Gelman, what are you doing here? Do you have a fan? Hey, Scott, what's going on? What's up, gentlemen? I was there, I saw him for a few, but in the beginning he looked a little like a freighter, everybody. Yeah? Oh, yeah? I think he must think he's something bigger than he is in his head or something. I don't like going out in public, Robin. You know how that is. I saw a couple girls, every girl was talking to him. Anyone could have wrote like a million checks for a dance. Well, of course, every girl wants to be the first broad to bang Howard since the separation. The funny part is when guys are there with their girlfriends and they find an excuse to slip away to go talk to Howard, it's like nine guys alone, and they can't find their girlfriend. I invented dancing, you know. I started moving my feet, and all of a sudden everyone started moving, and calling it dancing, Robin. Can you believe it? It ripped me off. What did people do before dancing, though? Just stood there. Music played, and they just stood there. I invented dancing. Shut up, Jackie. I danced with you, too. Hey, Sal, what's up? I was at that Fatboy Slim concert. How was Fatboy Slim, first of all, because I missed the show. He was great, man. He ripped me off, you know, that guy. Fatboy Slim ripped you off, Howard? That's right. I was doing the DJ thing. Yeah. He ripped you off. Absolutely. I invented Fatboy. I got a Fatboy in my pants. Right, Robin? Now, more of the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk at 1-0-2-7. The talk you can't ignore. Bob Seeger. Good song, but it brings back some nightmares from past weddings. When that one comes on at a wedding, you can't even get up to go to the bathroom. Because if you walk near the dance floor, the drunken ant grab you. Come on! You look like a jerk in the video. And it's always the older ant that still thinks she's really hip and cool. She wants to show everyone that she's hip and cool, so she dances to Bob Seeger because she thinks that's today's music. I like the new music. Right. How about this one? Oh my God, all the guys are chickening! I am going to strap myself to the seat at every wedding I go to. Because no matter what, I've got to sit there and beg. While my arm is getting pulled up, dance. I'm not dancing! My chair is getting dragged. They don't understand. I don't dance. I wind up cursing at relatives. Get away from me! I'm not going to dance. It makes your ants go crazy, though. You could be at the table with your friends and stuff talking about I went to your life. I got this really cool job at Andy W. It's working out really cool. Most of the listeners hate us, but every day we're getting some new listeners. I think we could make it go at it all the time in the background. Oh my God, Anthony! Come on! This is my favorite show! Let's dance! You're dancing. You don't even want to dance. Oh yeah! I want to do the kick line! I'm in New York with a bunch of my drunken friends again. Can't I just rent the video from ten weddings ago? And play it back? Can you just dub that part in? From whatever's wedding? Come on, Anthony! Why don't you do the conga line? Oh yeah! Come on! Let's all do the conga line! Let's walk around the tables and pick a get away from me! Let's get really wacky and walk the conga line into the kitchen. Oh, that's zany! Look at Grandma! She's 104 and she's on the conga line. Look how cute! Doesn't she look beautiful? Look, you look beautiful! You know what she looks like? She looks old. She looks like an old lady in a prom dress. The only place you see that is at a wedding. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but that's just the way it is. Grandma doesn't look beautiful in the dress. She looks old in the dress. Back in the kitchen, back in the housecoat. Where we know how Grandma's supposed to look. I'm not doing the chicken dance. I'm not doing the conga line. I'm not doing New York, New York. I'm sitting here, getting another Bacardian coat, and leave me alone. Okay? Thank you. Hey, Hope, you're a DJ. Why don't you get up there and show them how it's done? Oh, that's funny! Hey, coincidentally enough, why don't you get in the back and flip some burgers? Why do you think I haven't called you in five years? Because you're an a-hole! You still are! No one noticed you went to the bathroom 20 times and you must have eaten a powdered doughnut. Right? There can't possibly be cocaine around your nose. Yeah, it's 1998. You're still asking me if I want to do a toot. Get away from me! Want to do a toot? What are you? What are you, 15? Get out of here! You realize that stuff will kill you? What a dope! Most weddings, I'd look around the room and I'd go, You know, if I wasn't related to these people, I don't think I'd ever hang out with them. Oh, the ants, they're fighting over who gets the centerpiece. Oh yeah! That's a great addition to any house. That's what I need. Flowers in a gaudy pot with candy in it. Oh, I need that! Oh, you got to go get into the shop. I have no clue what anybody's saying, but it's the funniest damn show. More stupidity on the way. 1027 Everything Rob did was fake. And you know, I gotta admit, back when he first came out, what was it? In the mid-late 70s, Mork and Mindy. Mork and Mindy? When he was on Happy Days and he fought Fonzie. Oh boy, what an episode that was! That was great! Where Fonzie couldn't move because Mork froze him or something. But Fonzie's powers came back! Right! How ridiculous! Then his pinkies started moving at first when they were in the middle of the fight. He froze them. But then his pinkies started moving again. But the power of A came back to life. His thumb came up. His A thumb. What an A hole! God, I can't watch. But maybe the first season of Happy Days, when it wasn't filmed in front of an audience, so you didn't have the... When everybody walked in. When there was Chuck? Chuck was still there. When he just disappeared and no one asked any questions. There was no Chachis. No this one. It was just stick to the guys. It was 50s oriented. After a while, it was Leather Tuscadero and the Swades dancing. What is that? They all had the dry look from Gillette. The 70s dos. And then all of a sudden you get to see Jenny Piccolo and you realize that she's a pig. All those years I was dreaming thinking that Jenny Piccolo is Joanie's really hot lesbian friend. And then she finally shows up and is like, ridiculous. But we were talking about Robin Williams. Oh yeah. So that's when Robin Williams was funny. No, that's when I got roped in too. You'd see him do a stand up act maybe or see him on talk shows and he's going off on every little prop. He picks something up, Hey look, it's a doorknob! And you turn it into a... And everyone's... Ah, Robin! Did you see what the doorknob did? And I'm laughing and then finally... He's not saying anything! Yeah, next time you see Robin Williams on a talk show, really take a close listen to hear what he's saying. Oh, it's nothing! He picks up a coffee cup, and my son, he drinks too! He comes up to me and says, Daddy, I got the coffee! And it's so funny! And the audience is rolling laughing! I want to smack him! He's not saying anything! I was in Manhattan the other day in New York crossing the street! I walked across the street like... Alright, you crossed the street, big sign, sign of road, walk, don't walk, what, where do I go? I don't know, should I walk? Hey, Bill! Yeah, what? What are you saying? What are you trying to say? I'm a father now. My young son comes up to me and says... Dada! Dada, stop! Hey, my kid does that too, and that ain't funny, right? Robin's improvising again, he's brilliant! Oh, he's improvising, there he goes! He's off stream of consciousness! Oh, look at me! Look, I'm standing! Now I'm sitting! I'm standing again! Wait a minute, what's he doing? He gets on a letterman and he has to run all over the stage. Let me run! I'm going to run! I'm going to go up to the back! Hey, look, Dave, I'm up here! This is hysterical! Funny stuff! What are you doing? And I got roped in years ago! I would sit there in a room full of people, laughing, going, oh, this guy is great! He's... He's not saying anything! Richard Pryor, you get the MRFers and stuff, and it was funny. Eddie Murphy, hysterical. And then Robin... Oh, look! You ever see a dirty window? You spray Windex and wipe it, it's clean again! Yeah, that's washing windows! And everyone's laughing! Talking about washing windows! And he still does the same thing, and people are in the audience all there, they're laughing their asses off. Right. The other thing about Robin Williams, doesn't he do like the beard when he's doing the serious roles? Yes, you will notice. Robin Williams in the serious role will always have a beard. And the comedy roles, he shaves. That's what I do! So I have to work! I shave, and I'm funny! Look at me! Look, I'm shaving! Yeah! Get back! Look, I shave! Now, I have a beard! I'm a serious actor! Look, now I'm shaving! Oh! It's not funny! You're making fun of him, is that it? I know. All right. Where are we? Where are we in this mess of a radio show? Can you tell we're excited to be back from our long vacation? We're on vacation! But then we came back! We're away! Nowhere to hear again! Damn that Robin Williams! Killing me! Mom, are these people cannibals? No, no, Chelsea. Why would you say that? Because the chief said he'd give anything to eat me! Hmm, he sounds a lot like your father. Your mother, Hillary, is very respected here. She has the one quality that is most coveted in our village. What's that? Wisdom? Compassion? No, a fat white ass. Oh, well! Your African mother, she's a very nice person. She's a very nice person. Your African name, Chelsea, is Kiala Abalafu. That's beautiful! What does it mean? Lanky pale girl with face of a wombat. Oh! Hey, Mom, Mambingo wants me to go into the forest with him. I think he's gonna let me have one of his pets! Why do you think that, Chelsea? Because he said he's gonna give me his 12-inch upangy black snake! Oh, it's beautiful out here, Mambingo! By the way, what's that? It's a snake! Oh, it's beautiful out here, Mambingo! By the way, what does your name mean? It means man with three legs. But you only have two legs! Oh, really? Wow! Chelsea, when we are through tonight, the whole village will call you Iwa Chalakanaya. Me? What does it mean? That means she who cannot sit for weeks. Oh! Now, grab your ankles, Chelsea, and I will demonstrate what your father does to your countrymen. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Put it away! Put it away! One must know evil before he can condemn it. One must know evil before he can condemn it. One must know evil before he can banish it. One must know evil before he can banish it. Anthony, this is disgusting and it's very, very cool. Anthony, this is disgusting and it's very, very cool. M.M. Oh, Mambingo! It's so big! I need two hands to hold it! Oh, that's it, Chelsea. Now wrap your lips around it. Like this? Yes, that's it. Now blow, Chelsea, blow! Nothing's coming out! Oh, be patient, Chelsea, and blow harder! Bullseye! Gosh, thanks for showing me how to use your blow, Godmambingo! Anytime, Chelsea. We best go back to the village and find your mother. I wonder where she is. Maybe she's in this hut. Oh! Mom, what are you doing with Mambingo's sister? Oh, dear! You said you were going on a safari! No, no, I said before the day ends, I want to be deep in the bush. Well, you do what you want. I'm going to help Mambingo take care of a bad animal. I'm going to help Mambingo take care of a bad animal. What are you talking about, Chelsea? He wants me to spank his monkey! Well, just be back in time for dinner. Okay, well, what are we having? I don't know about you, but I'll be having the African Beaver. Open Anthony, 1-2-7 Alrighty. What's happening, man? This is Rick, producer for the Open Anthony show. Line of requests for that, Hillary and Chelsea on safari. Got a whole lot of bits. They keep coming in, and we keep taking your requests. So if you've got any good ideas, stuff that we haven't played yet, because we're trying to squeeze in as many different things as possible. 2-1-2, 7-5-7, 1-0-2-7, also getting some great ideas off the instant feedback. So keep those coming. In the meantime, we'll take a quick music break. Alright? And remember, in between each and every tune, we will be doing Worst of Bits. Simple as that. Let's keep it going now. It's the Worst of Open Anthony with Judas Priest, FM Talk, 1-0-2-7, N-E-W. The Open Anthony Show. 1-0-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9-10-11-12-13-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14-14 Shut up, you little drunk mudflag. I am Darth Balder. Luke, I am your father. Your mother was the worst f*** they ever had. If she did good f***, you wouldn't even be here. When she dropped her pants, it looked like she had a wookie and a leg lock. Landoferisi, we meet again. Shouldn't you be sitting in the back of the ship, you f***? Can you drop off a heart, you fat bastard? You can't even see your duck anymore, can you? I am Darth Balder. Yoda, make like a gerbil and crawl upon Solo's ass. You look like a skeleton with ears. My balls are as big as the death stone. What do you want, you lint-blown f***? You can't even get it up anymore. Ha! I am Darth Balder, mother f***er of the universe. It's beyond moronic. Bye bye bye bye bye! It's sub-moronic. OPF 1027. We deserve the best. But that'd be a lot of work. Here's the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk at 1027. It's Opie and Anthony. 2127571027 is our phone number. Kick it! That's Coal Chamber, by the way. Yeah. Very cool band. Rocks. That rocks. You know, I wanted to take a musical break here. Yeah. Just not diggin' the music we have picked out today. Grab something else. We just did a really bad job picking out the music today. Grab something else, son. I thought some of this stuff would be cool today, and it just... Play something off the new Barry Williams CD. What is that? Have you heard any of that? No. Oh, it's frightening. Barry Williams, the return of Johnny Bravo Anthony. Imagine what a bitch it is being this guy, Barry Williams. You were Greg Brady, and that's all you will ever be known as, no matter what you try to do. Like, he tried to get a singing career off the ground, and that petered out. And now he's trying again? Johnny's back. Johnny... the return of Johnny Bravo. So now he's even milking a character he played as Greg Brady. Adios, Johnny Bravo. Remember that episode? He left the family. They just wanted to sign Johnny Bravo. Well, because... Greg Brady. Because the suit fit. Right. And he told everybody, sorry, he's got to go solo. But then it ended, they were all cool, and got the band back together, Opie. And sang, it's a sunshine day. You know, we turned down Barry Williams for our radio show. Maybe we should have him on so we could play the Joe Pesci game, or replay tracks from the new CD, and then ask him if he expects to sell any of these things. It's still one of my favorite things we've done. Johnny's back. You want to hear some Barry Williams, Greg Brady, as Johnny Bravo, Anthony? Is that what you're saying? Hold on to your hat. Yeah! Listen to this. Groovy! Johnny's back. Johnny's back. Ready to rise your crown and rise. Johnny's back. Ready to dance till the morning light. Joy chumps the great moon. Johnny's to the ship for the moon. Yeah! Curly hair, nice hair. Are you ready to dance? Johnny's back. Ready to dance in a warm city. Johnny's back. Get ready to dance and move with me. Too many years have come and gone. This is great. Long call to move on. This is a goof, right? Long call to move on. I think he's serious. Johnny's back. Johnny's back. Ready to rise his crown and rise. Yeah! Johnny's back. Johnny's back. Ready to go, Johnny. Ready to go, Johnny. Go, Johnny. Johnny's back. Go, Johnny. Alright, listen, I can't hear. Everybody, what? Is there any other tracks on there worth trying out? Happy Together. Oh my God. Happy Together? Hey, Greg, it's 1999, almost 2000. He's on the cover of the CD wearing his Johnny Bravo vest. With his triple chin. It's just trying to like fade into the real world. Barry. I can see clearly now that the rain is gone. I can see all obstacles in my way. Hey, Tom, what's up? Are you trying to kill me? Come on. I'm dying here. It's Johnny Bravo. Let's go. Come on, man. Oh my God. I'm crying over here. Please stop it. End of madness. This rules. I think this is going to be album of the year. Tell you the truth. Alright, have a good day, O'Neill. Alright, man. Hey, our listeners are loving this. Bill, what's going on? Oh my God. Turn this off or I'll slit my wrist. Come on. I hear this one smash, man. Come on, rip it out and smash it. It's going to make you puke. Oh, God. Alright, Bill. Please stop. They're loving it, Anthony. It's very obvious here. He covers a Huey Lewis song. What track is that? Let's see. Hey, Luke, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey. This is unbelievable, man. I'm loving this thing. You guys get so much props for playing this song. It's hysterical. Don't you love it? Greg Grady. I want this album. The Return of Johnny Bravo. Does the record company really truly believe that they're going to sell copies of this thing? Man, I have a compilation that's called The World's Worst Records. I picked it up just as a goof. I want to re-release my own version, man. This one could be the first song on it. Well, Johnny is back. Let it roll. Yeah. Here's the Huey Lewis remake by Greg Grady as Johnny Bravo. Off his latest CD, everybody. Talk it up. Crank it up. This is going to be a hit. Used to be a relegate. A relegate. Used to fool around. Yeah, with Alice. I couldn't take the punishment. I had to settle down. Now I'm playing it straight. Yes, I've got my hair. And I'm crazy. I don't even care. Because I know what's going on. It's hip to be square. Yeah. Hip to be square. Mike, what's going on? I'm going to blow off the damn load, man. Why? Stop this. This is top shelf stuff, man. Where can I get it? You obviously don't know music like Anthony and I. I apparently don't. I'm pegging this as album of the year. Without a doubt. Absolutely. I'll send you the copy for Christmas. All right. Thank you, Mike. Used to be a relegate. Yeah, that must have been the episode where it was called Smokey. Johnny's back. And let it roll. Hip to be square. There he is. I would rather hear Corky sing. I got any other tracks off of that, man? Yeah. What is this one again? I wasn't listening. We are the champions. We are the champions. Ah, cool. This has got to be good. A little tribute to Freddie Mercury. Rich, real fast, what's going on? Guys, I will do anything you need. Please don't play another song. Come on. Come on. I just watched some guy in a car split his girlfriend's throat and wrote, no more Johnny Bravo with her blood on the passenger side window. That was Greg Brady. Come on, we're tracking through the new Johnny Bravo CD. I think it's very important for Anthony and I to be up on our music. So, yeah. You spin another tune, you'll be able to listen to me drive my car into this bridge. Oh, really? Let's try that. All right. I'm not kidding. Ah, here it comes, Rich. That vocal silence. I've made my dues, time after time. Yes. I've done my sentence, but committed no crime. And bad mistakes. There he goes. I've made a few. Making Freddie Mercury proud. I've had my share of sins. You did my taste, but I've come through. Bring it home, Greg. Because we are the champions of the world It's a sunshine day Everybody's smiling Should we try the sunshine medley before we move on here? I think we played one of the songs. We gotta get to the sunshine day Oh, it's Johnny Bravo doing a Beatles song, Anthony Here comes Johnny Is this Johnny Bravo? Oh no, I think so That's not him though Period That's Johnny Bravo doing a Beatles song He sounds a lot like Corky No, this is Johnny Bravo Oh, okay, I was getting a little confused Barry Williams Here's Johnny Bravo doing Poison Ivy, Anthony Oh, he did that too? Yeah, he did Alright, let me hear that Alright, from the new Johnny Bravo CD Yeah, Johnny's back It almost sounds like that And I'm ready to rock Johnny Bravo, everyone, Poison Ivy She comes out like a rose Everybody knows She'll get you in touch You can hope that she's having a nice time Poison Ivy She's one of the best guys Baby, night once we could lose our lives It comes creeping around She's pretty as a baby Look at her dance, crazy She's crazy Do you really do you mean? Let me get under your skin It sounds like Corky, man No, it's Johnny Bravo, Anthony Hey, hey, while you're sleeping What was it like? It comes creeping around Oh, I can never get enough of that I have to listen to Johnny Bravo do Poison Ivy I think it was a crack pipe they found in Greg's jacket Greg, have you been smoking crack? Mother, now you're concerned Alright, let me find another track from the Johnny Bravo CD, Anthony Oh, he does Mr. Tambourine Man too? Really? You didn't see that on the Johnny Bravo CD when you were looking at it? I just skimmed over it, I guess Okay, another one from the Johnny Bravo CD Little different musical stylings here Oh, it's showing his range Yeah Musical intro Sure It'll kick in Builds the drama Oh, yeah Johnny Bravo Oh, yeah Little groovy tambourine Oh It's gone up a little slow Give him that 70s feel Oh Mr. Tambourine Man Mr. Tambourine Man Mr. Tambourine Man I guess he didn't feel like singing this one, Anthony Yeah, really, what's up with that? Well, doesn't he do... Oh, wait a minute, here's some backing vocals Mr. Tambourine Man Let us all enjoy I'm not sleepy yet And there is no place I'm going to I'm going to In the jingle jangle morning I'll come following you Unless you're in a pool What the hell is that? On your magic swirling ship My senses have been stripped My senses have been stripped What the hell was that? A little skip in the Johnny Bravo CD I'm so thankful you're to grip Somehow I don't think it's the Johnny Bravo either Don't know if the steps are dead I wait only for my fools here to be wandering Wandering, yes Be my boy Oh my God I'm ready to go anywhere Except that pool And get wet, my hair get wet and fall off Into my own parade And cast your face into the spell of my wave I promise to go under it Oh, alright, so you got me, that wasn't Johnny Bravo I think that's our own James Tiberius Kirk That's right, little Shatner doing this Shatner doing this, the tambourine man I'm not sleepy in the place I'm going to My booty is to be wandering And one last one from Johnny Bravo One day the sun will shine Oh no One day the sun will shine It's the sunshine day Can you hear the sunshine? Hey, he's doing Bobby's part I love him for one other thing Can't you hear me calling your name? It's the sunshine day Everybody's smiling Sunshine day Oh, alright, so you got me, that wasn't Johnny Bravo Who the hell is ever going to buy this damn freaking CD, man? Wacky DJs? We didn't buy it if it sent to us I know Gino, you're next on FM Talk, what's going on? You guys are killing me, man, it's like kryptonite I don't even have the strength to go to the radio and shut it off Listen, I got to hear Joe Pesci on the phone because I missed it I need Joe Pesci if it is Alright, at the time Joe Pesci called to promote his CD that was out last year Yeah, he was putting out a CD of like Italian songs and stuff Yeah, yeah From my cousin, there was like a My Cousin Vinny rap or something Yeah And we had him on the phone A lot of people thought it was Anthony doing Pesci But I swear to God it was actually Pesci Why not Joe Pesci from Arthur A.V. And we made fun of him And once you file away the Johnny Bravo because I'm sure there's hours of listening pleasure there Oh yeah Alright, give it to me over here Alright Johnny Bravo, yeah, this is a good one I think we could do at least two or three more hours of radio on Johnny Bravo I want to keep this because I think after playing it just once like that the requests are just going to come flying in for us Sure, sure So I'll put it somewhere safe Yeah, but put it right next to the Steve Lynch CD You know Oh, look You ever see a Johnny Bravo CD come apart like that? A little platoon reference I see that Yeah, this is Joe Pesci from a year ago calling our show to promote a CD Check it out Is this Joe? Yes, this is Joe Joe Who am I talking to? Hopefully Anthony Both of us What are you guys talking from the same neck? Pretty much there Connected like Siamese twins Yeah, I'm a little confused I'm a little confused I'm a little confused I'm a little confused I'm a little confused I'm a little confused I'm a little confused I'm a little confused I'm a little confused I'm a little confused Siamese twins So Mr. Pesci, I got your CD in front of me How do you like it? It looks great anyway It looks good I saw the commercials for it this morning I'm laying in bed I see commercials for this thing I'm like what the hell is this? What is Joe Pesci doing? What is this all about? Well, I just You know Tommy Mottola and I from Sony decided We talked a long time ago about doing this We thought it might be fun to hear a guy from the neighborhood sing all different type of songs, you know So I did it as cousin Vinny and did it with a Brooklyn accent So we could have some fun with it And we did a little parody on some songs that people know, you know What, you got to shake down some drug dealers for this cast and put this together? I don't know You and Mottola? I don't know what to think of this to be honest with you Why do you have to play and listen to it? What do you mean you don't know? All right, all right, we could do that What song do you suggest we play? Why, I think your cousin Vinny would be good Excuse Opie, Joe, he's not a, you know, a Pisan No He might not understand You'd be shoving me in the back of a car I think Well you can play Wise Guy 2, the rap thing if you like it And we'd like to Are you Joe Pesci rapping? That's it, I wrote a thing called Wise Guy Can you do a little rap for us on the phone? No, I could, you don't know how hard that is, those guys are really good I didn't know how hard that was Yeah, a little white Italian guy, can't rap like a black guy No, I did it as a white guy All right, wait, I got to hear Joe Pesci rapping Wise Guy off Joe Pesci's new CD, check it out White man stealing, don't do it out of fear He start winning casinos before they start dealing All about respect and intellect Only mess with the women that trick up the jacks Two supermodels, one on each arm One chick and that, the other was blonde I heard that father's had spots and bonds So I f***ed him up and left him floating in a pond Custom made clothes and my head just told him So do you expect to sell any of these things? What do you mean do I expect to sell them? You think I'm going to sell paper in my house with them? I tie them in my bathroom because of the little plastic squares He's going to whack you, won't he? Listen, you're going to like it, you're going to have some fun with it Can I use it for a beer coaster maybe? I don't know, I think you should try to play it first Okay, he's getting mad I'm trying to get you mad, I want to hear the Pesci that we all know and love Do you have your bleeper in your hand? Yeah, I do, go for it No, I don't want to do that, come on This is bleeper in the world actually Get the f*** out of here I hit it, I hit it in time I hope so Come on, challenge me That's it Come on, I'll give you another plug for the CD No, that's it You play it, that'll be enough of a plug Thanks, I appreciate it Thanks Joe Thank you Bye Hey Ann, your mom did say I was hot Come on mom, don't bang open F*** my mom, I'll f*** yours I say lay back and enjoy it, it's a hell of a bargain ride Opie and Anthony, a couple of zero bobbins Opie, you're a sick ass man Anthony, you're not a jackass, you're obviously a star The Opie and Anthony show It makes me sick 1027 Alrighty, quick programming note I forgot to mention a whole lot earlier Yesterday I mentioned that we'd be doing When Andrew Dice Clay was in studio Coming up in the 5 o'clock hour Okay, that's your warning So if you want to make sure you check it out If you've caught any part of it Heard about it but never heard it Or anything, if you just want to check it out once again Because it's so freaking hilarious And I'm adding a section to it I found another section from Dice vs. Dice So when the real Dice man confronts Anthony Coming up in the 5 o'clock hour In the meantime we've got some other great stuff It's the worst of the Opie and Anthony show Now, more of the worst of Opie and Anthony On FM Talk at 1027 The Talk You Can't Ignore It's written from the perspective of a priest that I knew Many years ago when I was going through some trouble times I went to him for some advice, some love advice And he helped me out a great deal You're not a person anymore Great, Jesus Oh man That's not bad I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man I'm going to be a good man Spike, we're Spanish fly Altered boy, altered boy Is it going to be heaven or hell? You can play my organ all night long If you promise never to tell Oh, father! Oh, mother! Hallowed be thy name I could dress him up like the Pope and then I'd Oh dear God, the shame No, no, lead us not into temptation Deliver us from sin We could pretend that he was Jesus Christ and I was Mary Magdalene Alter boy, alter boy, confess your sins to me You will find the grace of God inside my rectory Oh alter boy, oh alter boy, confess your sins to me You will find the grace of God inside my rectory Totally Indför unless he is chrombos i dominate do me the lead voice Fia a tarais due The Opie and Anthony show has been removed from the airwaves. Oh, that was it. I shouldn't have offended too many people, right? I didn't swear. Opie and Anthony, we punish ignorance. Hey, ass, turn down your radio. 1027. My girlfriend, no one? Yes. Sandy. Hi, Sandy. Hi. You're on the air there. Are you going to hang me out to dry? No, but please, come on. What? You agree with Anthony? Yeah. Oh. Let's just, you know, fix this. Yeah, oh. All right, well first thing. You're Italian at home. What are you talking about? Wow. Wow. Thank you. Am I a minute man, Sam? No. Yes, I am not. I think you're practicing that tantric, Sam. I think you're practicing that same practices. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm not Italian. Really? Yeah. What's his name? Oh, wow. Sandy, you remember when we first started having sex though, right? Yeah. After our first date? Yeah. No. Why is your brother ready to punch me? Because. Oh. Remember though, it was like it was a lot quicker. Yeah, but that was. Well, that's the point I'm trying to make today. When you first start going out with someone new, that you know, it's hypersensitive and you know, you don't last as long. Yeah, you got a point there. I don't know what Anne was getting at all today. I was getting at giving Chris, a caller, some advice. Right. That you learned during the years on how to laugh. That's all. You know, it was two different pieces of advice given by Opie and I. And all of a sudden it turned into this whole thing. I don't know. It's Anne's the Minute Woman. I am not. Tell Rick to close his ears because I am not. Well, what's wrong with being a Minute Woman if you were? Because I'm not. That means you can't, you know. What? You can't hold out. You can't hold out. You're really good. Shut up. Why? Because I know he's listening on top of everyone else who listens to your show. What, your brother Rick who's sending a foot from me? Yeah, look. He's got his sleeves rolled up. With the big arms. Yeah, Rick. Steroid boy, get over there, man. He's like standing over me making sure I don't say anything bad to you. All I was saying with the whole finishing up quickly so you can recover for the next time and then proving a self thing is it takes the oral factor out of the mix right after that. And that kind of, yeah, because what guy is going to want to submerge if that's the case. So you've got to work around that. Sid? Yeah? I apologize. I haven't done that lately. I cannot believe. Apologize it. Well. Rick is right there. You don't enjoy that, oh. No, I don't. I don't. I just haven't lately. We don't need to discuss this. What's wrong? We don't need to discuss this. What's the matter, Alpie? What? I don't know. There's nothing wrong with that. What are you doing, man? I just, you know, I just, I don't know. Why aren't you doing that? I just haven't. What's the matter? She gave me a homer last Friday, though. Oh, look at Rick. Oh, no. Oh, no. Emergency. Oh, no. Get out of the way. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. What? Are you crazy? That's OK. It probably only lasted a minute or so. We can't discuss this. Wait, well, you better discuss what he just said, because it was, say it. It was like two minutes. No. I'm not going to say what I want to say. Say it. What do you want to say? Get it out to dry. Did I last a minute? No, you lived longer. A little longer? Yeah, but I was almost getting like a lockjaw. Why did you almost get a lockjaw? What's the problem, man? Nothing. Too big? No. Like, no? She says no real quick. Why did you almost get a lockjaw? I'm just kidding. Oh, all right. It's just a joke. All right. She was flossing her teeth. Lockjaw. Sweet, I promise I'll, you know. All right, we don't need to discuss that. Well, I know you like it and stuff, so. What? He's not getting that, man. He's turning red. Oh, I mean, I don't want him to get a visual. Oh, you got to do that. What are you doing? I have, right, Sam? Sam? Not lately, I know. You're telling the listeners that Tuesday Night Hummer Club guys were asking you to reciprocate and then, you know, you're not going below the covers there? What? No, no. How long, sweet smug? A while. Oh, B. Come on, man. What? That's fair, because I don't always do that either. Right. So it worked out. Sam, how's my technique, though? Which technique are we talking about? My oral technique. Why do you have to get back on that? Because I'm really curious. No, it's wonderful. Oh, it is good? Yeah. It's not like I'm, like, you know. Not that convincing. Like Sam Kinison said, it's not like I'm just painting a fence. No, you're not painting a fence. All right. Sam, thanks for cleaning it up. I'm not a minute man. No, you're a stallion. I'm a stallion. My oral technique is pretty good. Yes. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. My oral technique is pretty good. Yes. Oh, his oral technique is pretty good. No, it's not with me. Just ask any guy. It seems like you finally are starting to enjoy the doggy a little bit. Oh, man. Look, Rick's right here. Well, just see. What? Oh, Rick. Because when he said that, instantly everyone gets a visual, including Rick. I don't need that. See, now that's going too far. What? The reach around was a hit. Oh, my head. We have a problem. I'm dogging your sister. Get over it. Oh, no. Oh, God damn. What's the problem? That is not right. That is just not right. How could that possibly be a problem? You can't put it like that, man. No, dude. You can't do that. It's intact. You've been doing it for six years. It's about time you found out that I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. I'm doing it. It's not that I'm doing her. I don't think I need to hear about the certain positions that you're into. Oh, you got any videos? Shut up, Chuck. You're an ass. Chuck has made it into the studio. Hi, Chuck. What's up? Hey, man. I just came back for a beer. All right. I'll let you off the hook. There's a lot more I want to say. I think I've said enough. I don't know if you're letting me off the hook. Like what? Well, Dougie. Even he's doing it that way. Music or losing. Thank you, buddy. All right, Craig. What's up? Yeah. Yeah. Do me a favor, Anthony. From one game to another, take over the show. Rick, take this boy backstage. Smack him. How dare you? I'm going to beat you. I'm going to beat you. I'm going to beat you. I'm going to beat you. I'm going to beat you. I'm going to beat you. I'm going to beat you. I'm going to beat you. I'm going to beat you. How dare you? What? Smack the blonde out of this boy's head. Talk about this man's sister like that on the radio. Wait a minute. You're not even married? Rick, as one man to another from the gym, please. Smack the dyad out of his head. That's pretty bad, huh? I'm seething. Anthony, from one game to another, how dare you let this man talk like that about this gentleman's sister? What? Well, you know something? It's none of my business. Get your hand on that button ready. I've been going out with her for six and a half years. I don't give a god. Excuse me. I think at this point Rick can handle the fact that I'm dogging his sister. My brother-in-law is married ten years to my sister. He talks like that. He ain't going home with feet. I mean, I've got that, that, that, that. Spaz was supposed to punch me yesterday. Now you want Rick to punch me? What? Punch you, my friend. You're talking about this man's sister like she's some kind of pig. And Sandy, you're listening. Shame on you for calling. Shame on you. Sandy knows that. Sandy knows that. Anthony, you're Italian. You understand? Yeah, I had a stand-up comic, Dog and My Sister. All right. Please, Rick, smack him. Go Yankees. You guys are the best and you're sucking, but Rick, you swallow if you don't hit him. I can't let that be. No, dude. Well, he's going to get on the stand. He said, here we go. I swallow if I don't hit him. I got to hit him. You got to hit him. I got to hit him. Wait, if you said jump off the Brooklyn Bridge, would you? No, because that's stupid. Rick, you really do have reason to hit him. I know. No, he doesn't. You should hit him. Hit him. I have every good reason. Hit him, man. No, Spaz had every reason to hit me yesterday. Rick, hit him. You have no reason. Dude, I've got a great reason. You know how I treat you. No. You know how close they are as a family and stuff? They're very protective of each other and you say you're dogging her, doggy style, picking up new hummers. Shut up, Rick. You know, Rick, Rick, I mean, Ed, shut up. Shut up. You know, the truth is though, Rick, if he wasn't married to her. Shut up. Shut up. Shut up. You see how big your arms are? Shut up. Dude, you don't lift weights. Shut up. This is true. Yeah. Shut up. Test run those arm muscles, man. He's a steroid boy. Shut up. God bless you, steroid boy. I'm telling you. I am not a steroid boy, for Christ's sake. The steroids mess with the brain. You're going to have man boobs. You've got man breasts. Sorry, I don't spend eight hours a day at the gym. Go get yourself a bro. A man's here. What? A bra? It's a Bra. It's a Seinfeld reference. Right. Seinfeld reference. It's the Bro Jerry. Now you've gone too far, man. You've gone too far. A bro? Get away from me. Sit down. I had every right yesterday. You're right. I think I want to punch him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Hit him. Where would you hit him, Rick? Joey, shut up. I don't know if I can hit him in the man boobs because my hand mic is swallowed up. Wait a minute. Just remember who does your live reads. You think Ant can remember all that info? I know everything about Pizano. I know everything about Pizano. Screw you, jackass. I know everything about Pizano. Why are you hanging me out to dry? Look how big he is, man. I'm not that great. I know everything about Pizano, Joey. Who's down there more, me or Opie? I've got to say Anthony's in there. That's right. Come on. I know who you like better. That's all right, Joey. He's checking me to the game tonight. Yeah. We've got to stick together. Go with the find the Polish guy. Someone get Rick out of the way. I feel like I've got to hit him now. All right. Rick looks like a cage tiger right now, man. He's stalking you, man. You know what it is? He's in conflict right now in his head. He knows he should get up and show him what he's doing. Shut up, man. But there's some kind of conflict because he does genuinely like Opie and doesn't want to hurt him. But there's some kind of conflict because he does genuinely like Opie and doesn't want to hurt him. But there's some kind of conflict because he does genuinely like Opie and doesn't want to hurt him. But there is quite the reason for him to hit you. What if I... He looks like he could snap you like a twig. Yeah. What if you say something bad to my sister? I'm not going to say about your sister. I'm not banging her. I'll call her up. I can take care of her. Can I bang her? Yeah. Can I bang your sister? Let him bang your sister. She's six months pregnant. If that gets you off you sick ass, then go for it. Yeah, he's the sick ass. Wait, I thought you liked that. Yeah, you're the one that likes that crap. I thought you were the preggers, man. Wait, Rick, let me ask you though. Chuck. No, I just don't know. Like Spaz, if you were to hit Opie, would he have the power to fire you? Because like him telling Spaz to hit me was like... My wife going, I know you cheated on me. Just tell me at the BLK. Technically, I have the power of veto on anything other than size and vice versa. Listen, I don't want it to come down to a firing thing. Just beyond... Then let him just tag you. No. Let him just tag you. Rick, sit down. Jesus. Sit down. Let him just tag you, man. That would be kind of cool. Just one shot. You guys would still be friends. You feel like brothers now. Yeah. Just one shot. Look how big his freaking arms are. You know, brothers used to wrestle around. Maybe I can give you a wedgie. How does that sound? How about I give you a wedgie? That's a little homo. That's a homo thing. It's kind of homo doggy style, dude. Ant, shut up! He said he did your sister doggy style. Oh, man. Rick, sit down! Ant, shut up! I got to say, hey Rick... The lockjaw statement. Hey Rick... The reach around. Shut up! The reach around. I forgot about that one. The reach around. Wow, what a guy. The reach around was working pretty good. If I recall correctly, the reach around was working pretty good. Banging her. If you're going to... Isn't the word banging? Hold on. Wait! Not making... Oh my God. Oh, there it is! Rick just threw the jam. I see it in the corner. Spazz, spazz, hold on a second. Hold on. I do have one thing to say. Doggy style. Hold on a second. I've got something to say, just remember. Put the bottle down. Oh, my God. Dude, you freaking hung me out to dry. names bearded. I see that. out to draw. What did I do? I'm just repeating what you said to the man. Rick's about to break that bottle. It's going to look like a black exploitation film in here in a minute. What did I say? You forgot to remind him that Sandy did say that I was good at oral. Oh, Rick's got him down. There is no contest here. Rick's got him totally. Oh, oh, oh. Rick's trying to get away. There's no way Opie can get away. No way. He's got him around the neck. Oh, he's got him out. Oh, shoot. He's trying to get Rick's arm from around his neck, but it is not working. Rick is totally dominating this brawl on the floor. Opie cannot get away. He's got one hand. He's trying to hit Rick on the back of the head. Opie just punched Rick in the side of the face. Rick is sticking his crotch in Opie's face. He's got a great grab on that wrist and he's flipping him over. Opie having a hard time recovering from Rick because Rick is on top the whole time. Oh, my God. Wait, Rick's pulling Opie's pants off. Opie now getting really pissed. He's totally ready. He's got Rick in a headlock. He's pissed. Two points for the reverse. Two points for the reverse. Opie can't seem to get Rick down though. Rick like a bulldog. Yeah, it's very hard to get Rick down. Opie working, but I think he's tiring at this point. Rick's endurance is going to start taking over now. Rick obviously dominating this brawl. Opie getting a couple of good shots in, but Rick sticking his crotch in Opie's face. I think the most degrading thing I've ever seen. He looked like Opie's head was a marshmallow for a second. Rick is up. Opie's still down. Hey, Rick. Hey, how you feel? Somebody call a medic. They've got endurance and stuff. Somebody call a medic. Somebody call a medic. Opie. I must say Opie almost gave me a rusty trombone. How you doing, Opie? How you doing? How you doing? How you doing? How you doing? Opie putting up a valiant effort, but he's hard to take down. Yeah. He's like a little fire hydrant. A bulldog. Dude, watch that one song comes to mind. Come, come, come. Yeah, that's an appropriate song. You should have been playing it while you two were on the floor. Opie, what did you think when Rick put his crotch right over your face? I was just thinking that... Gee, his ass smells terrific. Wait, what's the question again? What were you thinking when Rick stuck his crotch right in your face? I was about to call a handy wife. No, don't say it. I know what you're going to say. I know what you're going to say too. How much you like your sister. Sorry, I had to do it. Rick's going to kick your ass out. Always for the black guy. His arms are big, but I've never been on the white guy and he's fine. Holy cow. He's pretty rough, huh? About the first time I had so... No, I would say it. Because I need to say his last name for the joke. Oh my God. I didn't do too bad. Look, your headphones are broken. Your glasses are on the floor. It's like you're just a mess. Opie's pretty good. He can hold his own, man. I got to give it to him because Rick's a big guy. At one point I did see Opie reached around and punched Rick in the side of the head. I think he was trying to get his arm around the back. He punched you in the side of the head and Rick just lost it. You were like a rag doll at that point. Rick's got some power to him there. That mega mix. I knew I had testosterone powder. I knew there was going to be a problem there. I hope he was queen of the weight room ball. You go to sleep when I tell you to go to sleep. But not after you toss myself. Wow, I've never seen a bra like that in this studio. I wish I had gas. Oh man. If you were to squeak one out, if you could have, you would have. Using the animalistic sitting on the opponent to try to... What the hell was that about? That's what monkeys do. I was hoping to squeak one out. Those swollen ass monkeys do that to dominate. I do want to stay for the record, he was trying to give me a wedgie. Dr. Zayas did that to me. Saddler, from the Zier and Cornelius made me look like a buffoon. Red monkey ass all over my face. Damn him to hell. That's a long time coming. Yeah, a little tension there. It's a hell of a lot less tension here now though. I'm breathing a sigh of relief. I'll get some tension out tonight. He doesn't quit. What? That doesn't mean anything. You're going to roll around with another man? Come on, it's a joke isn't it? I'm all for violence sometimes. Anthony. You guys are a bunch of cocks. God, I want to punch you in the face. Better leave a bruise. One, two, seven. Sometimes you feel like a nut. Doody doody. Sometimes you don't. You guys are going to burn in hell. Opie and Anthony. One, two, seven. Alrighty, it is the worst of the Opie and Anthony show. We're going to play a couple of quick tunes. And why drag it out? Dice is up next. When Andrew Dice Clay visited the studio last summer, confronted Anthony about his impression, some classic radio. So make sure you're listening. Coming up after these two tunes. Crank it up nice and loud. Here's Allison Chains. The worst of Opie and Anthony FM Talk 1027 and EW. Now, more of the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk. At 1027. Yo, Bane! How you doing? It's Babor is live from hell, everyone. How you doing? You got any whores there for me? Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. You alright, Bane? Yeah, I'm in hell. How alright could I be? They got me coaching a little league team down here. You're coaching little league in hell? Little f**kers can't even play. Ha ha ha. Or drink. Ha ha ha. They're not even interested in whores like I was. Ha ha ha. By the time I was six, I was not going to have got left and right. A bottle of booze in one hand. This shit hurts, cigarette in the other. Ha ha ha. Ahhhhhhhhhh. You know, they invented the voice box just for me. Yes, I know that. The electric voice box. It was actually an accident. What do you mean? Well, some chick I was with was using a dildo. And I accidentally went down on her and realized I could talk. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Run, you little f**k. Hit the ball. Ha ha ha. Jesus Christ. Hey, better, hey, better, hey, better. F**k you. Ha ha ha. Hey, Bane, how you doing? Hey, babe, have you seen your pal Lou Gehrig down there in hell? No, that pussy was a good guy. He went up to heaven. He did, huh? Yeah. He died of that Lou Gehrig disease, you know. Yeah. He was one of the odds of that. Ha ha ha. And I take a little prick. Ha ha ha. Hey, we're going to get together with Billy Martin and Michael Kennedy tonight for happy hour. Oh, really? Billy's driving. You should see Michael's face. It looks like my legs. Ha ha ha. Jesus. Yeah, I hope so. Whoa, whoa, what's wrong, babe? Babe. I got spilt a beer in my voice box. My wife's going to kill me. Wait, babe, you're married? I did say I was in hell, you know. Ha ha ha. Babe, babe, babe, babe. Oh, there he goes. Babe Routes, everyone. Opie and Anthony, 1027. Today, you're stuck with the worst of Opie and Anthony. On FM Talk at 1027. Andrew Dice Clay entering the studio, Anthony. Where is he? Whoa, there he is. He looks like he's... Hey, Dice. What was that? Get this over with. What did that mean? Like you're doing this? No, no, no, we'll explain. He's a bastard. I'm not a bastard. He's an obnoxious bastard. Okay, so who's the guy that does that? Anthony. Do you? I don't think I'm going to do you. All right? You know, that's not bad. That's what you said last time I did you. That's what you said last time. The only step you can take is to do it. That's what you said last time. Yeah, the only... That's an excellent... That's even... That's almost better than me. The only difference between you and me is about 35 million. Oh! I hope you still got some of that. Yeah, I got 20 of it. Yeah? That's why I could afford not to wear sleeves. What's the matter? Why are you tongue-tied? Why are you up on the... Is this the guy... We're getting along. No, we are getting along. But we got to have fun for the people in that car going home that have been at work all day dealing with the Chinaman boss to listen to something. Okay? I got some clips of Anthony doing you. Yeah, let's hear some. You want to hear one? Yeah. When a bad mouth shows. What? Oh, I see. He's very sensitive. I don't bad mouth. It's an homage. I think... An homage. What does that word mean, Kenny? It means that he bad mouth shows. Yeah, when it says... What did you hear? You're playing Chuckles for 15 people. Oh, wait, I got... That was my choice. And it wasn't Chuckles. I did two albums that I did for... It was Lanthiobalsorf and Poughkeepsie. No, I... Chuckles, yes. I did two albums in front of 15 people. Yeah? Yeah. See? In the fields. But do you know how many people bought those albums? How many? Take a guess, Jericho. Millions. Yeah, take a guess. So you address me in a proper fashion, I'm not going to talk. All right? Well, I didn't mean anything by Jericho face. What did you mean? That's like a compliment. That's when you become friends. All right, asswipe. I could roll with that. See, that doesn't hurt me. No, I know. That's like a nice thing for you to say. You can wallow, wallow in your millions and you don't feel bad. Because only buddies could talk like that to each other, you see? I don't call a farmer, you know... J-O face. He hasn't heard that from me yet. It's a weird relay right away. Maybe me and you could do a show like doing my twin or something. Yeah. Or he's not as handsome. He could be the evil dice. He's got the goatee ready. Yeah, you know what I mean? We could do like a sitcom on some network that might have me. Yeah. The handsome dice and the retarded dice. I guess you'll be playing the retarded dice there, Kenny. Look at this guy. What is with the hurt feelings all of a sudden? Come on. Kenny, I found the clip you were talking about. Why? Let's hear it. I'm going to be laughing to your crock of pants coincidentally enough in Allentown, Pennsylvania. Where did that come from? What I like is coincidentally enough. Because that's another word I don't understand. Never said. That was never said, huh? So where are you performing this weekend? In the bathroom alone. Where are you performing? I perform here all week. Do you do stand-up comedy? No. Why would I want to travel the country? I can make sure you jerk off face. Staying in lousy hotels. Well, I stay in the best hotels. When you're done. Maybe back in 88. What now? Holiday Inn? Best Western? Little bit. Little bit now. I'm going to be a little bit of a wimp. I'm going to be a little bit of a wimp. Little bit. Little bit now. What's the matter? Now it starts coming your way. And the nice man gets a little pistol. Wait a minute. Huh? Maybe if you find your own personality, you can make a living doing stand-up comedy. Personalities. Personalities. You mean you got a personality? Let me hear you say that one. Huh? Say it. I don't understand what you're saying. You say to me, you got a good personality. Say that. Just say that. You got a good personality. Personality. You mean you got a good personality. Now, until you learn that, you really don't have the impression down. So I'll try it. I don't think people are going to pay me here. That's not what I said. What you said, I said. I said personality. You mean you got a good personality. Now I ask you, you got a good personality. No, no, no. Huh? That's not what I said. Where is this personality? Personality. You mean you got a good personality. Nice, you make me laugh. Nice, you're making no sense. No, that makes no sense. All right? You babble. I'm hearing babble. No, what you're saying makes no sense. What I'm saying is a statement. Why is that dead air on the air? Why are you talking now? Talk to me when I talk to you. I don't understand the word you're saying. Personality. You mean you got a good personality. You see? Now everybody driving in that car is explaining. I understand. How come Jerko Face don't understand? Again with the Jerko Face. I'll be on radio stations all over the country. I'll promote you. Anthony Jerko Face. How's that ever feel? I can't even do an impression of you because I haven't heard you yet. I heard Opie. How do you not kill your parents? How you doing? This is Andrew Dice Clay. I got a lot of personality. I mean you got personality. Try that one, Anthony. You're listening to Anthony and Opie on WNEW 102.7 Pharma. Sophie and Anthony and Andrew Dice Clay and Kenny. I'm sorry Kenny. I hear you. So you want to talk to some folks there, Dice? It's up to you. What the hell? Let's go. John, what's up? What's up? You guys are great. I love you but Anthony man. What? What are you? Pussy? What? You're making fun of him for like a week and a half. Now you can't say anything. It's not making fun. It's talking. It's a parody and I'm going to let it go. I don't mind talking. What did I do? Let this guy talk. What did he say that I should get mad at? Because I don't get mad. Wait a minute. I don't get mad. So tell me. All right. I'll... Well we got some... It's usually, all right. Hey I sold out Madison Square Garden, huh? They haven't called since but I sold it out in record time. All right? You know stuff like that. The imitation. Nothing personal, Dice. No it's very flattering. You're a character. You know? You're a character. It's like I'm a walking cartoon. I don't say it right. You're a character. It's like I'm not even human. I don't... Well yeah. I'm a cartoon to you. Hey. I'm a few laughs for you. I'm not around and you can just say whatever you want. That's what this guy's saying. You know now I'm glad to hear you say it. Then again. Who is he to call up and look to start a problem? You know, between me and you. Yeah, you Jacob. Huh? I don't understand this guy. What's wrong with these people? Everybody's looking for trouble. I don't know what to do. I'm going to call up and say, hey, I'm going to do this. Hey, you. Hey, you. Hey, you. Hey, you. Hey, you. Hey, you. Huh? I don't understand this guy. What's wrong with these people? Everybody's looking for a beaten. Well, I got more examples of Anthony. Let me hear some. Oh Christ. Come on. Jack be nimble. Jack be quick. I ain't been funny since 86. Now that isn't even true. That isn't even true. Now wait a minute. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. See that was done with computer generation. Look at me. If we went to court of law, what was your answer just now? That's not true. That was computer generated. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. If we went to court of law, what was your answer just now? That's not true. That was computer generated. Are you telling me now how you feel about me? As you, Anthony, for this person, first of all, I don't think you did the Rodney thing until maybe 87. So it's not even like logistically correct. It's 88. 88. Right. See? That's right. And you were hysterical. Mr. Clay, I got another example for you. Okay. Hey, this is Diceman. I can't even sell out a closet. Now wait a minute. Now when was that? That was before, Phil. Before I went to Governors and saw a packed club of raving fans. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Before that, you see, I got forgiven because of what he just said. What? What he said? Guys, you had disappeared for a while, okay? You had to go. And you know something, Anthony? I was a big fan. Shut your mouth. Kenny, when was the last special? HBO special. Assume the position. When did it end? Three years ago. Okay. What year was that? 96. Yeah, 96. Okay. You said 86. Yeah. You said 86. Kenny, how many homes turned in in 1996? 95%. Okay. Who's turning in for you if you go on TV, Anthony? Nice. Your parents? See, it wasn't Andrew Dice Clay. It was the Dice character. You're the character I'm mocking. Oh, I get it. It's a cartoon. The cartoon guy. It's like Fred Flintstone. You don't have another example, do you? Oh, sure. All right. Andrew Dice Clay, I'm available for weddings, bar mitzvahs and sweet 16s. How did you know I was doing all this? I'm not even bang the boards. Now, come on. How did you know I was doing all this? I'll try your nice one. That must be a treat, huh? Hey, read the Torah. Then come on. See, he's an instigator. I didn't say nothing, Mr. Clay. You know what the funny thing is about this whole little thing with him? That he's calling himself Andrew Dice Clay. And the other funny thing is I'm going to sue you. No, this is what I'm leading up to. Don't get the punch line away. When you use somebody's name, number one, that's called like, what is that word? Infringement. Infringement, that's one. Defamation of character. So here comes another 35 million from the station that hired you. Now, we'll probably have to settle. You'll probably lose your job and be with the hot dog stand downstairs. But I'm still going to love you because I know it's a go. Would you like another example? You got one? Contrary to popular belief, the Dice man can read. Now wait a minute. Wait a minute now. Here. I'm going to read out this educational magazine I'm looking at with a chick and a patini called Stuff. And just the fact that even though it's big ladies, I was able to read that. Anthony, we are in Dice's Court of Law. Did I not read that word correctly? Yes, sir. Yes, you did, Dice. Are you in fact the person that said that on that recording he just played? Yes or no, Anthony? It was taken out of context. Yes or no, Anthony? Did you say those words? Yes or no. Answer the question. Yes, out of context. Okay. You know what? Since it's out of context, why don't you play us a little more? I saw that Madison Square Garden. There we go. Hey, we got the Olive Garden checking in. I think they got a spot for you. Is this the Olive Garden? Yes, this is the Olive Garden. How are you guys doing over there? All right. Do you want to talk to Dice? Yes, I'd like to speak to the Dice, man. Hey, Olive Garden, what's your problem? Yes, we want to know if you could sell out a table of four. Table of four? Are you insulting me? Are you insulting me? You don't think I could sell out a table of four? Let me tell you something. Last week I was at Burger King 15 pink. All right? So don't tell me about a table of four. What time? All right, Olive Garden. All right, peace. Bye. Hey, call me. You take control. Look, he's calling himself Dice again. Kenny, that's another 35. I'm keeping track. Now, wait a minute. This is all done in a spirit of fun and laughter. Okay. And I'm going to laugh when I see what the hot dogs stand. I'm going to come up, I'm going to go, Anthony, look at you now. See, you have sauerkraut on that bun, all right? And then I'm going to go, Anthony, do me a little. Do me a little. Say you're me again. That's what I'm going to say to you. Now, and then your wife's going to leave with me in a nice big stretch limo with the jacuzzi in it, champagne in the back. We put on one of my house tapes. We get all licked up and crazy. And she'll be throwing my hot dog out the window. He does have the apple and it does look like a zebra. Hey, my Merry Christmas, New York. You're listening to Andrew Dice Clay. Not, you know, the wannabe. Anthony. Toby and Anthony and Andrew Dice Clay and. All right, we want to take another call. Yeah, we could do that. Maybe you'd like to speak for me. That's what you're so used to it. Mike, what's up? Anthony, what are you going to play at my grandma's house? All right, that might have been a club that came up in conversation. We got to know about my grandma's house. Well, we got a few more. Oh, come on. I thought we would throw this off up in Poughkeepsie. How many people? And I just left in my sack. Okay. You're all alone now, Anthony. You're a makeup comedy. That is a field. Look, he would make a comedy club that you would be appearing. Is that what it is? Now, look. The cartoon is going to play anywhere. No, let me be straight. We see the Dice Man 1988. Buster opened the scene. Rodney Dangerfield special. Dikeman, you break. Huge. To become the biggest comic ever in history. That's what you're saying. Huge. So how do you keep that level? You can't. I rest my case. I know. I take a verdict from the jury. But then. I'm done. I'm done with the case. We can take the next call now. But then what? I didn't do enough for you. No. I just think you've been coming up with plenty of material because of me. Exactly. See, you reach a huge place. But don't you make a performance to try other things in a career? Of course. I mean, I did about 900 arenas. How many should I do to make you happy? The bit is your attitude is still like, I'm the biggest selling comedian of all time. But that's the bit. Is that the bit? Yeah. Oh, OK. Hey, Rana. Well, Mr. Clay. I got an example of Anthony trying to come up with new material. I've got to say this. Do you have any new material before you leave my dice? All new stuff. I do new rhymes. Oh, yeah? Let's hear one of your new rhymes. You're Bill Clinton and Monica. It's funny stuff, huh? Yeah, number one. Let's top it off. You're wetting your pants over there. Oh, I'm wetting my pants? All right. Number one, it's a Linda Tripp poem. All right. So now you'll be smerching my material. Be smerching? Tripp poem. I don't know what that one means. Be smerching? You understand? When I do a Linda Tripp poem, they'll be calling you and going, why did you not do the Linda Tripp poem? You were just making something up. Weren't you? Perhaps that will happen. That's the way it's going to come down. See, I didn't want to get into this. Oh, he's all kids with him and Rick, carting up stuff. I don't know how much you've done it, but get into it. It's your life. Nice. The people get a big kick out of it. I don't know how this woman lives with you. The people get a big kick out of it. Can you walk around the house and go, honey, cook me some egg in your... You know, now it's time to go to... You know, I'm going to take the dog out for a good-looking complete. That's exactly in her head. And I'm not going to be impersonal. It means you're cooking against your personal. I don't even know what that is. Exactly, because that takes true talent to figure that out. Say it. I can't. I can't. I don't even know what you said. Then you will be asked that in the court of law. So personality means you're cooking against your personal. Because still you could do that. This lawsuit will be pending. Guys, remember I was the one who helped you out. Now, remember, I can... Now, wait a minute. You're in it too. I'm going to get you out of this little, you know, 10 by 10 room. Believe me. You'll be traveling around with me, club soda, Marie, happy face, having a couple laughs. I said, Marie. Oh, okay. Bring the broads and bite of dozen. You're going to have to unload this chick. I'm sorry. I mean, nice girl and everything, but they're all over the place. It's like toilet paper. I went to it. I don't know why you had to start all this, man. Why not? I just have a little bit of fun. See, but the only thing is that in his favor is that he does a good impression. Oh, thank you. One of the best I've heard. He does thank you. He does many others, by the way. Who else you do? I can't remember now. Who else did you do? Charlton Heston. Charlton Heston? Yeah, it's more of a goof on Charlton Heston than really Chuck Heston. Wait, what are you saying? What you're doing is not a goof? I try to think of that as a more accurate interpretation of your voice. So who do you think he does good, open? How about Charlton? Well, those are all parodies. He does like Charles Caroll really good. What are you, parodies? What was he doing on me? Ronald Reagan. Ronald Reagan he does real well. But Ronald Reagan wouldn't even know it anymore. Yeah, that's true. That's why it's fun. People that pop by. I don't know. Just waiting until they pop by. Nobody cares. It's a cartoon. Like he has said on the radio, I am a cartoon. I'm not a human being. I'm a cartoon. How you doing? This is Andrew Dice Clay. And you're listening to, no, not Anthony Dice Clay. Andrew Dice. And you're listening to Hopi and the guy that wants to be me show on WNEW 102.7. Hi, N.E.W. Yeah, hi. I'd like to speak to Popeye Dice Clay. Popeye Dice Clay? Yeah. Hey, olives. How's your busky? Hey, get, get, get, get. Hey, Pluto, you bloated piece of crap. Look at you, you fat bastard. Get, get, get, get, get. So the sea head comes up to me and she goes, hey, Popeye Dice Clay, I want some of your Oh, so I give it to her. Get, get, get, get. There you go. Let's hear it the other way. The Spanish man. So this chick comes up to me at the bank and I put my tongue in her ass. Oh, we went to play. You are brooded. I'll kick his ass. Oh, man. All right, dude. See you later. All righty, what's happening, man? Hopefully, guys are enjoying the stuff when Dice was in studio. Now, usually that's about it. But I was digging through some more tapes and found when Dice called back, he left the studio, said goodbye to the guys, blah, blah, blah, the whole boring thing. And he was down on the street and somebody pulled up in a car. I guess they knew he was coming out of the building. They wanted to meet him. They had the show on in the car. And Anthony starts doing some more dice after Dice had left the studio. So this is like this is like a whole soap opera. So Dice gets on his phone and calls back into the studio right in the middle of a spot break. So this is where this phone call comes from. It's like 10 minutes after the last of when Dice left the studio the day. All right. So here's something you've never heard before. So I've only heard once if you even heard the original interview. All righty. It's when Dice called back during the spot break to confront Anthony about doing more impressions. Now more of the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk at 1027. What's the matter? I'm walking in the street. People pull up. It's still on in the car. And Anthony don't know what to stop. I think good. If he had a problem with me, he should have said it right there and then. I gave him the opportunity. The fans called in. They said if you got a problem. And I took it. All right. And now you open your mouth again. I didn't say nothing. You said plenty. And listen, Jackal. You come back here. Well, I'm the Jackal. Maybe you're the Jackal. OK? You don't want to do this. I tried to come on the first. I'm never the one to pull the first punch. That's not me. Like even like all the Jackals they're called and all the tough guys that are in their apartment My life means nothing. So let me insult somebody else. Is that what I'm going to say? Is that what I got to start thinking about you? Or do I think I had a guy that does a bit of pressure? If he could get a few laughs off of it, let him get a few laughs. You tell me what you want me to think. It could go two ways. Where friends feel it as a problem. And if I got a problem, you'll really got a problem. I hear you, Dice. You know what, Dice? We left everything with nice. Good for everybody. I saw your wife downstairs. I gave a quick squeeze and a kiss. You know what I mean? I called the town. I thought he did a good impression. And now I'm walking down the street. God pulls over and goes, Dice, you got to hear this guy. He's going to go and pull you down. People are instigating. I haven't said one word. I was listening in the freaking car over here. I got to go. I got to whip the streets with this nonsense now. And everybody's coming over to visit. Ain't they a pussy? If we can't find them, let them say it. Dice, it's Opie. I'll confess. We got to make up. Here's a hot chick walking by me now. Honey, want to be on the radio? Oh, I'm sorry. Thank you. You're too good for everybody. I'm your man on the street now. Honey, can I clear you out? I'm sorry. I'm over here now. Thank you. You know what I mean? I've tipped everybody on the street. I put all kinds of people up. Hey, what's going on? Say what's going on. Did you hear that guy? I'll go over to another guy that's actually very mad at you for what you did. Here it is. What's your name? His name's Cliff. Hold on. Who do you think you are? Who do you think you are trying to have a party? Hey, Dice, you're a shit hole. You're a shit hole. Come on, Cliff. Why don't you go get a pill or something? Hey, Dice, can you talk to these people in the middle of the street for us? This is the middle of the street. I don't even know where we are, but we've got some high-looking numbers walking on. No, Dice, I'll go on record and say I consider you a pal now. All right. So we are friends. When I come back to town, I'm coming back in there, and I want to hear more of these clips. Unless Howard makes up with you. What's that? Unless Howard makes up with you, and then you'll be on Howard's show. He's got to apologize. He's got to be a man and apologize. I said that to the guy calling in. All right. I don't owe him no apology. But you know what? You guys are fun. Cool. Well, a lot of people thought that we should have beat you up or something. I don't get that. But you're going to come in here and beat me up. Isn't that funny how everybody's brave when they're on the phone or when they're on TV? But the minute they fake you, all of a sudden they clear them up. You know, we had you in the studio, and I'm like, hey, man, I like this guy. And he's making people laugh. And we had some fun. That's all I care about. Who's this now? I'll beat you. You're the even-tempered one. Well, Anthony. I got no use for you. I like people with emotion. All right. Anthony, let him have it. Let him have it, Anthony. Anthony's got a lot of emotion in him. He's got a lot of problems, a lot of pent-up anger. I have to try to relate to him. I don't relate to formage. Hey, Dice, because of you, Anthony, I changed his shirt. You're meant to come. The only thing I've got to milk is between my hands. You know what I'm saying? The bus driver's just looking at me. He's looking for a beat now. And you know what they do for me. What? Oh, man, I've got to get the guy plus a holler. All right, guys, I'm going to let you go. All right, please. Don't make me quit back. All right, Dice. Come see us again, all right? That's right. I'll be looking for you. All right. Don't worry. I know just where to find you. All right. All right. Goodbye. Take it easy. How you doing? This is Andrew Dice Clay. And you're like, no, not Anthony Dice Clay. Anthony Dice Clay. Andrew Dice. And you're listening to Opie and the Guy Who Wants to Be Me Show on WNEW 102.7. You deserve the best, but that'd be a lot of work. Here's the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk at 102.7. Ah, Dirk. Yeah? Hey. Can we get the rusty trombone? There's all kinds of names for things. What, Jerry? OK, I'll be very careful. It's the rusty trombone. You're getting your salad tossed and the girl reaches around and starts playing the trombone. That is the rusty trombone. I thought I heard it all. The rusty trombone. That's the rusty trombone. All right. A rusty trombone is best with a filthy whore. She'll reach around and get you off with her hand. All the while she'll lick your spot by your tiny balloon nut. She didn't eat too much bran. A rusty trombone may not be moral. While I think this sounds kind of gay, I'd rather get some oral with the finger up my butt. But that's me. What the hell? I'm a nut. Come on, honey. Start the music. Yeah. You play that well. Opie and Anthony. What's going on with Kathie Lee Gifford? I read a disturbing little article in the Post today. Yeah, I was looking at that too. It seems like her viewers are very, very pissed off at her because she's been going topless on the show. Braless? Braless I mean? Yeah, she's wearing these little dress numbers and letting her boobs swing. And yeah, gravity is taking its toll on Kathie Lee. Are they hanging below the coffee table they have set out? Not yet. Kathie Lee, put your bra on. Gentlemen, look at these. They're hanging like sweat socks full of sand. You think the nipples point down on those babies or what? I really can't tell. They just look like they're getting elongated is what it is. They look kind of long. I think she's trying to get attention because now Regis has this new TV show, this I Want to Be a Millionaire. And for some reason, I guess the rubes in the Midwest are all tuning into this thing and it's taken off. All the rubes that call them up on this stupid show in the morning. We have the question, gentlemen. What's the question for God's sake? Yesterday, Tom Sillick was on. What commercial did he first star in? Regis and Kathie Lee, this here are Pilled Up and I live in Wyoming. And I listen to you. I watch your show every day on channel show. Well, get to the answer, you slutbag. Kathie Lee, look at her pants. They're on the coffee table. The same rubes. And they're watching that new show. And now it's a huge hit. So Regis has a hit on his hands, so maybe Kathie Lee's getting jealous and trying to flash some skin. Well, maybe people pay attention to her. Maybe she should turn around and show everyone her balloon knot. That's a ratings grabber, I'm telling you. Kathie Lee, show your balloon knot. Gentlemen, look at her balloon knot. And then Kathie Lee can turn around and give Regis the rusty trombone line on the show. Gentlemen, I'm getting the rusty trombone. And then Regis can turn around and give Kathie Lee the dirty Sanchez. Let me reach around and get some on my finger. Gentlemen, look, she's got a mustache. That's the dirty Sanchez. The dirty Sanchez. And then Gelman, because he's such a tool, could get like the Cleveland Steamer. A Cleveland Steamer Gelman. Tony Pinsk and a Gelman and a Cleveland Steamer. Could happen, right? Now that I might tune in. Let's see all those hijinks. All right, let's rehash real fast. Now, the post saying Kathie Lee is now going braless. Yeah. All right, now tell me you wouldn't tune in every morning if you knew that between now and the Millennium... Talk it, you bitch! Talk it! I love it! Just hear me out, though. Between now and the Millennium, this is their new promotion for their show. You're almost hitting prostate! Gelman! Oh my God. Oh my God. You've gone too far. I love it. All right, so the big promotion is now between the Millennium, okay? Uh-huh. Kathie Lee will perform live on the show, the Rusty Trombone, to Regis. Tell me you're not watching every day, waiting for that to happen. Where's the reach around, Gelman? Kathie Lee's giving me what? The Rusty Trombone! Dig deep, you bitch! And then the grand finale, uh, Gelman gets the Cleveland Steamer. You're watching every day! Art Moore's giving him a Cleveland Steamer! And who gets the Dirty Sanchez, then? Kathie Lee! My Roy's are acting up, Gelman! She's giving me the Rusty Tuba! Sometimes Joy Fielding gives it to me! You'd watch, though, right? Right? I certainly would. Like tomorrow on, uh, you know, Regis and Kathie Lee, Kathie Lee's going to show everyone her blow-knots. You're watching, right? Oh, I'm there. You're there, of course. I can't believe it, Gelman! I'm getting the Rusty Trombone! If they could see me now with the Rusty Trombone, sing it, Kathie Lee! She's playing it! I can't believe it, Gelman! And look at you with your Cleveland Steamer! And Kathie Lee with a Dirty Sanchez! Thank you, okay. I was making sure that was in there. So then Art has to show the balloon out, I guess, because every one of them needs something to do. Art Moore had prunes! He's giving the Cleveland Steamer! I love the Rusty Trombone! Well, we crack ourselves up. Eddie, what's up? First of all, first of all, her boobs aren't sagging. These damn things started, I'd say, almost down to her belly button. Whoa, really? Have you ever looked at her and saw her boobs are in the middle of her body? That's a freak show! There you go! I can't believe it! I've never seen cans like this! But not the broad rubs on her thigh! Wow. O.B.N.N.T. Is this the best radio you guys could come up with? What is Mr. Container doing here? Don't even try to figure it out, just go along with it. All righty, what's happening, man? This is Rick, producer of the O.B.N.N.T. show. Sitting in for the guys. We are doing worst of all week in the midst of some awesome stuff that we just dug up. Lots of requests for Dice. Took care of all of it when Dice was in the studio. If you missed it, too bad! We're moving on. We've got more stuff coming up. And if you've got any requests for the worst of show, 2127571027, Spaz is the man on the phones. And he's telling me that we're getting a lot of requests from Mad Dog, from a particular group of people who, I guess coincidentally enough, work with Mad Dog. Wow, what a coincidence! I guess they don't get enough of them there in the studio. They've got to hear our version of them as well. I don't know, maybe it's just me, but I think that's really freaking funny. So to appease our fellow brethren and I guess company co-workers in Queens, here you go by request. Now more of the worst of O.B.N.N.T. on FM Talk at 1027 The Talk. It's FM Talk at 1027, Talk You Can't Ignore. Our phone number is 212-757-1027. We have another exciting show planned for you guys today. Mike and the Mad Dog talking about David Cohn signing a one-year deal for the next four hours. We're going to be talking about that for the entire Mike and the Mad Dog show. What do you think it's going to take? What do you think it's going to go with the big bills every week? What do you think, 100s and 50s? Or do you think a lot for the 10s and 20s? How is this man getting paid? And what's he spending his money on? So Bill will talk about that until you're sick of it. I think he's signing a contract with a big ballpoint. We'll take your calls on that. You think he should use a flat pen of a big ballpoint, Mike? Hey Mad Dog, how are you going to compete with O.B.N.N.T. and are they going to have a girl give birth on their show today? Jesus. How do I know we can both do this? Get shot, giant shot, Nick shot. And how are we supposed to do this? Mike, if that bastard you pregnant? You got to be. Mike, I'm going to stick an oven stuff a roaster when the sun don't shine. Deliver it like a kid. It's the only way we can compete. Get me out of here. My ratings are slipping. And then on Gay Rock they got 92 minute rock blocks all afternoon and here we're going to try to have a girl give birth. We can't promise it's going to happen but we're definitely going to try. I'm going to try to stop doing imitations. Hey, it's time broken, John. Alright, Mad Dog, let's hear your time broken, John. Alright, hey John, how about some music? Alright, hold on, I'll get your music. I want music! Hold on! You're really getting uptight, man. Well, you know, when you do sports talk radio it's a little rough when your teams are stuck in ass. I always smoke down the news after when we have the Aggies and everybody tune in. Everybody loves the Aggies. We can't even talk about the Aggies. No baseball for the munch. The team's stank. I got to compete. I got to win. Alright, so you want to do voices now on your show? I'm going to give it a whirl. Alright, you want to do it? I can do it. Alright, Mad Dog, you want to start with your broken jaw? I'm going to do what they call a little riffing. Alright, let's start. I'm going to do a little Mad Dog. Alright. I'm going to do a little Time Broker. A little news break. How you doing, Time Broker John? Everything's not like news. Why can't I say a Kill Me Volvo? Wait, I can't even say a Kill Me Volvo. Jesus Christ, this is hard. I'm going to have Mikey Dice Clay. Alright, let's hear some clay. Hey, E.G. So I'm lying with this chick and she's got her tongue going round. I can't even say that. Oh. Hey, that works. I can do Popeye. Let's hear your Popeye. That's pretty good. Hey, that's not bad. I don't do that bad. Alright. Well, blow me down. Let's hear a little more. Blow me down, Mikey. Let's hear some more broken jaw. Everything's not like news. Time Broker John. Time stories. Hey, let me look at the paper. I'm trying to riff. Riff. Turn over the paper. You're not used to seeing the front page. Oh, look at that. You go right to the sports page. Let me look happy. Cody's back in Pinstripe for one more year. Right. Then on the other side of the paper. Hey, what's this? Wow. This is serious news. Yeah. I ain't never seen nothing like this before. What the hell? Well, what are you talking about? People are dying. What are you talking about? And a poor kid hit by a bus. Right. Oh my God. A banker. Right. Set on fire. Right. Oh my God. Joey Adams is dead. This is awful, Mikey. What about the Cuban? Wait a minute. I have no impression of Corky Mandark. What about the Cuban? I have no impression of Corky Mandark. What about the Cuban? I have no impression of Corky Mandark. What about the Cuban? I have no impression of Corky Mandark. What about the Cuban? I think the Yankees are assigned. Really? They probably be a damn good left-hander. All right. Thank you. Reverend Allen has been arrested. Yup. I am outraged. I am outraged. You want to try Reverend Allen Prussian? Yeah. All right. I am outraged. I am outraged. Why is the white man always picking on me, Mikey? Damn you. Damn you out of hell. Look, I am doing Heston. Oh, you want to do Heston? Mikey, give me monkey ass. I want red medical monkey ass. Is this, Mikey? Check the ratings. Hopefully we are winning. I think I got a niche, but it is moist, Mikey. You are not bad. A little more on Heston. Damn you out of hell. Take your sticky palms off of your damn 38, but you are still, Mikey. Damn you. Damn you. I am outraged. I am outraged. I am outraged. I am outraged. I am outraged. I am outraged. I am outraged. I am outraged. I am outraged. I am outraged. I am outraged. Damn you. Damn you. I remember when I was on the planet of the Apes. I had shit for the monkey. Check the ratings. How are they? They got to be coming up. This is brand new to me. All right, I got one last impression for you. All right. Look at my camel toe. Look at my camel toe, Mikey. Check this out. It looks like the Yankee Dungo. Look at the size of this thing. Look at the clem-out. You got to imitate Celine Dion. Oh. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I send this song out to those who lived during the tragedy of the pandemic. A special song goes out to the survivors. That's how that happens. That's advice, how about that? Would you like to do the dirty voice for everyone too? Yeah, yeah, you got a bitch on the phone? I call the bitches to get the ratings. I say bitch, you know, scumbag, bastard. I got to start using that, you know, blue language. We got to get in trouble, Mikey. Yeah, I'll be an Anthony. Always get it. Always bad. Always getting in the way of the crap. Until we get some kind of complaints and almost get fired. We can't even compete. Get abroad on the phone. All right, let's talk to Tina. Hey, Tina. Yeah. Get out of my mug and my dog. I'm going to use my dating girl voice on you. Go ahead. Hey, you're my dating girl. You're a filthy bitch. You're getting off, aren't you? Absolutely. You're my dating girl. You like it, don't you? Yeah, you got to slow it down a little bit, bad dog. Hey, it's hammer Tuesday. Yeah. Why don't you come over here and get back your hammer? You can use it. You look a little backed up. Look, see? I'm getting blue. Hey, Tina. Yeah. You can give your boyfriend a hammer. My husband? Your husband? Your whore? Both of them, your boyfriend and your husband. Your whore? You're my fucking whore. Look at me. It's like it. I don't know if the dirty girl voice is working. Look at me. You like me, Tina, don't you? Sure. I'm making a mad dog out of a man. You're my fucking whore. Hey, I'm like the nice man. Hey, Mikey, you want to see my junk? Mikey, give me your hammer. All right. Well, I think you're almost there with your impressions, mad dog. Don't let me compete. All right. Let's take a quick break. We'll regroup and we'll be back. Okay, terrific. That shoe is for Mike and the mad dog who you guys beat. I'm glad you did. I guess we beat them in the ratings. Yeah, you beat them in the ratings. You got to give Albie and Anthony a lot of credit. They came out pretty strong in the late part of the year. I didn't do a kicking ass. I mean, they what? We're looking like little bitches. What do you think about that, man? That's right, dog. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'm feeling like a little bitch. I'll give you a dirty sentient. I can feel the ratings going up already. Give me a nasty compound. I remember the time I was in the back of a Tarot-er and got a Cleveland Steamer. Oh really? Oh yeah. What was his name? Mikey. We got to give him a lot of credit. After a lot of hot dogs at Yankee Stadium. Wow. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Wow. Sometimes I can still smell it. Ukele. I can't sleep. Kiss me off okay. I'm so laughing at that last line. So yeah, that was for Mike and the crew at the other station. Did I say Mike? I'm not really. More of the worst stuff on the way, including some broken jaw. In the meantime, here's a quick little music break. Worst of all, be an Anthony. FM Talk, 1027. Mr. Sullivan. Yes, is this the two idiots? Yeah, you want to sue us? Yes, I would just like to inform both of you gentlemen that there will be a lawyer talking to your management team because I have been not only embarrassed but harassed. Really? Do you understand this? No. And don't even, don't even not even go close by saying thank you to the Short Hill Malls because let me tell you something. This has been a disgrace. You have your malls over there in the city. Don't you got ghetto malls over here in Newark? Don't be coming to our malls and doing something like that. You hear me? Yeah, what else? What else? Yeah. Hello sir. Sir? Mr. Sullivan? The sorry thing is, right behind you, there's a guy who's got a gun. Mr. Sullivan? The sorry thing is, right before I hit him, he goes, what's that a train? Sir? Did you hear that Shelley? I heard it. He goes, what's that a train? Damn, that's funny. Opie and Anthony 1027. Today you're stuck with the worst of Opie and Anthony. And by the way, if you haven't tuned in to the news, Khalid Mohammed got his cute little permit for his little million-youth march, as the mayor likes to call it. The 6,000-youth march. 6,000? There's not a million people. They can't show up. It's about 6,000 people. He's being kind. I think there were a couple hundred last year. Yeah. So when does it start? 11 o'clock Saturday morning on Malcolm X Boulevard. If you feel so inclined to show up. Malcolm X Boulevard. Stay away, Whitey. Stay away, Whitey. Cracker alert. No cracker zone. It is a cracker-free afternoon on Malcolm X Boulevard in Harlem this Saturday. When was the last time you were up there? Who are you kidding? Who, me? Cracker-free zone for many years. I was just up there, let's see, when was I up in Harlem? Yeah, Friday. Friday, on my way up to Massachusetts. I had a cut through Harlem. How many red lights did you go through? I don't pay attention to traffic signals up there. I don't pay attention to roads. I will drive on the sidewalk. I'm going up on the sidewalk at one point. There's someone who's like, Whoa, my baby, look out for my stroller. Crazy ass, hog ass cracker. Whoa, look out! You can't even tell where the roads are. Oh my God. I had the whole front of my grill was Colt 45 labels from when I was just going through garbage pails and stuff. Why? Why? Rick makes a good point about the Million Youth March. It's going to start at 11 a.m. and it's going to be done at 11 a.m. Wow. As soon as Khalid Muhammad opens his damn mouth. And we must kill the lot. Whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop. Everybody disperse. What did he say last year? He said grab the cops guns and use them against the... How is this guy getting another permit? If somebody can say that and then you wonder why cops shoot. This guy was telling people if the cops come in to break up the controlled riot against the riot. To grab their guns and use them against the cops. How do you say that and then the next year you're granted another permit? Freedom of speech, Anthony. Unbelievable. Hallelujah. Freedom of speech. And Khalid's like, yeah, my brothers, yeah, rise up, rise up, grab the gun. The cops are here, let me run out the back where I won't be seen for months. The guy disappeared. Reverend Alstain away too? Yeah. He makes all the black leaders of the 60s and 70s really proud. Oh my God. Khalid Mohammed. Khalid Mohammed. I don't know. He won't... Guess where I won't be Saturday. Come on. Malcolm X Boulevard? Yes, Malcolm X Boulevard. All right, Vanjie. We love Vanjie. Oh wait, I didn't go to Vanjie. Hold on. Vanjie, what's up? Hi, how are you doing? We haven't talked to each other in a long time. You sound upset, Vanjie. No, first of all, why are you talking about like we got country roads up here? Where did you go through? It's not country roads. I think you missed the point. I'll be completely honest with you. When a white person like myself... I'll speak for myself. Go ahead, Opie. I'm driving through Harlem. I am scared asless. Why? So what I do, and Anthony does it too, we drive through red lights and get the hell out. Because I don't understand it. You know what? Let me fill you in. There's part of the... you know that white conspiracy? What white conspiracy? Well, there's a white conspiracy against black people, remember? Oh yeah. See, part of it is we can run through red lights in black neighborhoods and we just wink at the cops and they let us off the hook. I'm sorry I had to fill you in on that one. But that's part of the white conspiracy. But what street are you going through that you're so terrified? You know, when I'm going back up to Boston to visit and stuff, I just can never find that damn FDR, man. All of a sudden I'm like on first ab or something, I'm like, oh, there's got to be an exit for the FDR around here somewhere. Oh no, I'm in the hundreds. Oh no. Oh my God, that's 138th Street. How did I get up here? Hey, this don't look like Midtown anymore. Where are the people in the business suits? But listen, the street... Oh, the paranoia that goes through your head. I'm just being honest with you, Angie. I really don't know why. Because you go from east to west on 125th Street. You've got Starbucks, Pathmark and all that stuff. And it's nice. So I don't know why you should be terrified. I don't see the stores because the hour I drive past, all those big grates are down in front of the windows and stuff, you know, because they pull down the big locked grates. So I don't know. I swear, I was driving through there Friday. It looked like a scene out of my video game Kingpin that I was playing. Like it just looked frightening. You guys exaggerate. Angie, but we're just being honest. I swear, there's not much of a bit here. This is what we do. The funniest line is Anthony going, oh my... That's 120th Street. Oh, now I'm up in the hundreds. What happened? Where's the bridge, for God's sake? I got across the bridge to safety. I need safety. Next time if you come up here, I'll escort you through. And you can walk through and nobody will bother you. I would like to try that. But I'm telling you, I'm paranoid. There's white people that live up here. What's that? Oh, no, there's not. You stop spreading that word. Oh, come on, for real. Yeah, they're called pips. Wow. You're crossing the line. Isn't that terrible? That was just a joke. I don't know much about Harlem. Because any time I've been up there, it's been at night when I'm driving to get to a bridge. I don't really stop and look around. Believe me, I don't make any eye contact. I leave about five car lengths in front of me just in case I have to make a quick getaway. Just in case someone gets out the core. No, but it's not that bad. Get out the core! There's a difference though. It's bad. In my mind it's bad. I still have my stupid mass plates on. It's like, oh, brother, here it is. Hi, brother. I'm just down from Worcester, Massachusetts. I need directions to the... What's that? Is that a firearm? Listen, we're so uncivilized, we've never seen a white man. Hey, look, I'm raising the roof. I'm like you, homie. Can't we all just get a little... Put the knife away. Could you put... please. Oh, man. It's all stereotype. It's not equal opportunity. Well, no, let's look. We did rag the Mexicans earlier in the hour. Oh, that's right, with the peppers and the man. And the Hasidic Jews. There were a couple jokes that came in for those folks. Oh, okay. Okay, because I was wondering when we were going to get our chance. Take us up to Harlem one day and give us the tour. I want to see the Apollo Theater. I want to see... Did I say the Apollo Theater? Yeah. What else is up there? And your neighborhood? Would you mind if we did it in an armored tank? Ladies and gentlemen, we're now on Malcolm X Boulevard. If you look to the right, you'll see... Oh, look at that. Ladies and gentlemen, if you reach out your seat, you'll find your Kevlar. Put on your vest and your helmet to save you from your safety. As we drive down Malcolm X Boulevard, you may hear whizzing next to your ears, which you might think is a mosquito or a fly. These are actually small arms fire. These are actually small arms fire. These are actually small arms fire. These are actually small arms fire. These are actually small arms fire. These are actually small arms fire. These are actually small arms fire. They are going right past your head. Do the tour buses really go up there? No, yes they really do. Every day. Okay. And of course, we'll be disembarking from the bus to go on the attraction ride here at the roller coaster we call Crack hole mountain. Ladies and gentlemen, if you look to your right, there's Hungy Bears Wallows ride. We'll be leaving the bus and going into an authentic 70's style pimp mobile. and and uh... might as well they don't know right now i just want to tell you guys like i'm a cop i go home at night midnight and i got a gun on the island like though he has a gun and he blows the red light yeah yeah yeah you cops gotta be pretty cool with that like if you see some uh... some guy blowing lights in a bad neighborhood and you pull him over or something it's gotta be like hey you know officer come on look around yeah yeah help me out a little black you know where he's coming from come on alright mike thank you well it's you know it's it is a small percentage of people but i i i think the uh... the image that some of these towns have uh... and what will scare let's hear from stark starts you know what's up you're from harlem without not telling me over a minute i understand that we're just being honest though we know how little we get a little nervous when we drive through our money what do you want from us you know i work in the project and not number nine people are on the day uh... but nice people man well help is that will build will listen to your side of it has a changed i don't know i just i just thought you know that you know you can try to drive to all of my right is like uh... to do for the scene of his family back to the day to hear stories and maybe i was sure i don't know what right now it's changed like times squares change you know is no more certain everything is like disney maybe they are like this and it is a store in the middle of harlem duty and i like that really and i'm not a doctor open of everything and i think that i was really there is a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a bulletproof screens at the movie theaters they killed the uh... how far you have to go to uh... and get to a popeyes fried chicken is one of the family and there is a well what my point is that you will start looking to tell why do you know that we don't know that we don't know they should y'all got more respect for the regular brother up there and i think i make the neighborhood of dedicated about it uh... about uh... rap you know uh... take it out my field i work with white boys all the time on the call in a so we should just come up visit and stuff when i take it out replay cash you think we have to do a live broadcast in the middle of harlem can be found both starved at starbucks you guys walk by laughing at us you know white boys in starbucks uh... white was well i don't know what it was probably a long long ago for it we have to be educated we're in it we are in that we gotta get up there and then take a look around as i'm just going off of what i heard and what i see when i'm driving through very late at night it's very scary right it was to be with that cop told me he's scared yet he's getting a lot of all of them he says he's scared when he drives home he has a gun he he goes for the red lights to any foolish uh... i don't know what i wanted to see if you can see it uh... stars you got some jobs to you man we want to have a deal you call back anytime i don't problem that he has to have your final ed and i you guys thought that i was a fact that i thought that starts to give us the other side of it and we obviously all three we uh... don't know anything about our lives well spent time out there how can we make it make any kind of the sex that's what we're pretty much proven here uh... rose a very pissed off at us uh... yeah there was a well i mean i'm glad what's the deal and you're listening to our show man i think that's awesome somebody got a listen to it so help us out and we don't understand what was what we're pretty much saying here today and i think that you don't understand how many people up there to put it's not when i eat white boys we don't know we don't know about up there what is it that you don't know what you know we get the image like a lot of people have that it's very scary and if you got there are something that will happen to you people's right you're black so and you're right in your point so if we go out there it's like we can be looked at as uh... victims well i don't know if you like a victim where you walk in a bit with guns and stuff now you know i i don't know from walking around and we just want to find the f the art that's all you know what the f the arts and i i i i was to go out also i'm in the hundreds and i'm getting really scared and i don't see a big sign for the f the art i mean i can't be why you have a problem i mean i know people live there who are white and live in harl your your your uh... shining some light on the situation to go out there you've got to be open-minded listen to the same old crap all the time i was really glad you'll be called we're going to try to understand that's all that's why we brought it up in the show you gotta get up there man i don't know you got to like to a broadcast from a big it will do that i was a fact by rosa jay what's up and i would have to take i can tell you guys i've been up to fourteen years they love the white boys without an air you know one thing benefits no and i'll get that in the brothers and i think they clear they don't know if you apply for or not and i think that you can walk the streets broke yeah in and out of the building you know i do it being here you know it's not that dot you cool bro be lying in nobody working in the project uh... they use the same garbage in the back of the truck and ride around around around around all day see this is the kind of uh... stuff we hear is so we don't know what the with the real deal is not in the right now i have no problem up there on the other hand and we'll work something out and nobody to bother you if they really don't bring like a a debt recorder and dana ralph anyone黨 is trying to find a date with the letter how i and and now now that's funny and part of the trip What does it mean? I'm sorry, I came up here. I'm sorry. What is that? Oh my God. What's that sound? Oh my God. Oh man, what a mess. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. I had multiple choices of what you want me to do. Listen, you live 84 years and you collect a lot of crap. You probably heard it too. You know, and you have nowhere to talk about it and I'm very thankful that you guys called me and are giving me a chance to talk. Yeah, but 23 skidoo. This is kind of like an audition for the Opie and Anthony show, so I think we need some of your best material. So I would go right for the penis jokes. Well, does your penis sprain when you urinate? I don't know. I never tried to light it. Wow. You know, I'm writing a dictionary and I'm interested in definitions. Do you know what the definition of colitis is? Colitis? No, no idea. Colitis is when a guy walks and his balls collide. You like that? Yeah. I don't know if the sensors want me to continue. I don't know if the sensors want me to continue. I don't know if the sensors want me to continue. I don't know if the sensors want me to continue. I don't know if the sensors want me to continue. I don't know if the sensors want me to continue. I don't know if the sensors want me to continue. I don't know if the sensors want me to continue. I don't know if the sensors want me to continue. Yeah, do you like this song? Yeah, how do you like this song? Terrarum Bum ISIL? Do you like that song? Do you like that song? Yeah. Yeah. Are you sure that your balls collide? You like that? I don't know if the sensors want me to continue. Do you like that song? I don't know if the sensors want me to continue. I want to ask you. How do you make a fruit cordial? How do you make a fruit cordial? Be nice to him. That's one of those, you know, gay jokes. Yeah how do you like this song? Terrarabum dee ay. Did you get yours today? I got mine yesterday. That's why I walk this way. You must have really been a goer in your day. I would like to know if anybody would like to join my intercourse club. No initiation, no fees, no dues. Just come. Opie, did you hear the one about the Russian lady who gave birth to a wooden baby? No. She married a pole. She's pretty funny, man. You're killing them out there. Oh yeah? You know, in the morning what you may think is love is really a full bladder. Do you have any other dirty jokes? Well, not all dirty. I want to tell you about Clem and Mildred sitting on a porch in the Midwest. And Mildred says, Clem, ain't the moon pretty tonight? He says, yup. She says, Clem, do you love me? He says, yup. And she says, Clem, say something soft and mushy, Clem. He says, bullsh**. Hold on, Fred. You can't use the S word. You can't use the BS word. No, no. I'm not an 84 year old lady that you can't say the BS word on herself. Now, Fran, when was the last time you had sex? Oh, I haven't had it for 25 years and I'm very happy and healthy. Yeah. And I want to talk about that. Would you like one? You know, love is a long and slender thing. Love is a long and slender thing. You made me love you. You woke me up to do it. All right, Fran, 84 year old lady telling dirty jokes. You want to play your little piano for a minute there? Yeah. All right. Any words? You sure this isn't a tape from 1920? Yeah. So like, hey, Spank, let's go to the fishing home. Okay, Alpha. She's playing the piano. This is radio. She's just playing the piano. Okay. My dog shall like them Keen Puffs. Okay. Wow, look at that, Fran. I play by ear. I play a thousand songs and sing them. You sure can tickle the old ivories, as they say. Hey, can you shoot eggs out of your private area? Oh, my God, I hope he's not there. Oh, my God, I hope he's not there. Yeah, yeah. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Stop it. What? What happened? You know, I thought you were clean, pure, and nice boys. Yeah, we are. Have you ever seen that trick, though? No, I never saw the egg trick. Oh, we're going to have to invite you down. Hold on. Someone wants to talk to you here. Oh, good. Scott, what's going on? Hey, man, this lady's a riot, man. You've got to love her, huh? Playing the goddamn piano. All right. Well, you want to say hi to Fran, Scott? Hey, what's up? Hey. Hello. Holy crap. Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up? Hey. Hello. Oh, we've got a love connection. Say something in algebra. Hey, Fran, you think we could set you up with a banging? Yes. You're ruthless, man. Listen, if they like me, tell me what time you want me to be on for about five minutes. If anybody wants me, I'd be very happy to continue this. And I can read some books and read poetry. And, you know, if you want poetry or whatever, I'm very happy to be on WNEW. Make a set up for me in the studio. Scott, hang up, all right? All right, man. Bye-bye. Oh, I love everybody. Thank you for the jackhammer. What? Hey, Fran, have you ever had the jackhammer? No. No. I'm sorry. Where do you boys come from? Ah, the sewer. Oh. Hey, does he have another dirty joke in you? I love commercials. W, pleasure. W, fun. Sleep with two women instead of just one. She'll wonder where her fellow went when she tells him she is pregnant. I don't know how much more dirty you want it, but I can't. All right, hold on. There's a guy that wants to go out with you. Bob, you have something to say to Fran? You know, bang the old coot for the trip to Hawaii. Oh, my God. No. Hello. Fran, what do you say? I don't want the trip to Hawaii. I was already there and it's very dull. You know, I don't really need that. Come on, I'm 30 years old. You might like it. I have mental stimulation and I have a boyfriend that's 13 years younger than I am. You've got to pry one. What? You've got to pry one. I don't need... listen, I know... You haven't had it in 25 years, Fran. I know you weren't... You're probably a little back down. I know you weren't made with a finger. I've got a few fingers for you. No, I would... Bob, you're disgusting, man. Come on, Fran. I'm not going to do that. I'm going to do it. Come on, Fran. A little bit of you and me? You mean people... your audience are so young that they still want to know all about sex and stuff like that. Oh, yeah. I can't get wisdom from an old lady like me that you're sure to be ashamed of yourself. Hey, Fran, I don't want the wisdom. I just want the booty so I can get the trip. What are you going to do? I would win the trip if Bob Banks, a 84-year-old friend... I don't want to be... Come on, Fran. You'll be doing me a favor. I've never been to Hawaii. I'll sing you a Hawaiian song for me. I hate it so bad I couldn't get wet in the rainforest, okay? What you going to do, Bob? She's got a bitch. You're going to have to dip her in Saudi Arabia to get her lubed up enough. Oh, Fran's singing again. Bob, what a mess this is. Hey, Fran, how many people are on this wire? All right, Fran, you're still on the line with Bob who wants to bang you. Come on, Fran, let's do it. All right, listen. Okay. All right, you want to? All right, let's go. Seriously, let's do it. I'm for it. I'll get the trip. You get banged. Everyone's happy. I weigh 225 pounds. I weigh 210. So I'm on top. Oh, wow. What do you look like? I look a little bit like the guy in the middle. It's across between Amelia West and me. I got a shower after this show today, man. Hey, you want to leave us with one last dirty joke? How you make Manecevitz wine. Yeah, how do you make that? You kick him in the balls. How about... I'm so wrong, man. How about the guy... You know, the guy... Hello? Yeah. You know about the guy who married a shoplifter? No. He's got a very strange relationship with Manecevitz. married a shoplifter? No. He liked to watch us snatch. Oh my lord. Bill what's going on? You know what's going on? What's her last name? Marlin? You want another one? Sure. The guy says, is that Dick Brown? No, he was out in the sun too long. She's out of control, man. You gotta have her in. You gotta give her a little corner in the back of the studio. Bill thank you. Bye bye. What's the verdict? We love you. Really? We absolutely love you. We're going to get a limo for you to bring you down to the show in the very near future. Rick what's going on? Hey yo what's up? I'll f*** the old lady for the trip. Right in the studio. No joke. Alright listen, they're dumping out of our show like crazy. Rick you cannot have oral sex with Fran. I'm sorry. Ask her. No anal is ok. That's what you see is all you see is cracking jokes. Get a rim shot will you? We got the rim shot. Oh my god. What the hell? We interrupt this program to bring you a special bulletin. I'm Tom Brokaw in the City Nightly News. We continue coverage now of the search for Bernie Getz Squirrel. Obviously a very distraught Bernie Getz Squirrel has been missing since early Friday morning. The search continuing as the Navy Ship the Graph looks at the waters for Bernie Squirrel. We're not sure if this was a flying squirrel but they are looking for wreckage. We will speak later with a very distraught Bullwinkle who will give some insight on the life and times of Bernie Getz Squirrel. Of course this squirrel is coming from a family plague by tragedy over the years. You may remember this squirrel's father shot in the head in the park by a little kid with a BB gun. That horrible, horrible episode caught on videotape where you see his head go back into the left. And the mommy squirrel covered with brains bravely goes on. Here you're seeing footage now of Bernie Squirrel saluting that older squirrel. The search now continuing. Our helicopter is circling above looking for Bernie Squirrel. The family of course consoling themselves at the squirrel compound. We cannot find the squirrel. And boy, the teeth look a lot like the Kennedy family. Big choppers they have. Of course Bill Clinton saying they're giving all resources to find the squirrel a treasure to bring down. Tom, you sound a little woozy once again. I was out looking for the squirrel myself and another squirrel was in a tree and threw a big, big nut down on my head. It hit just right on my temple. I'm a big groggy. Tom Broga, I'm a three night lane idiot. Of course, tragic loss. Everybody leaving flowers and nuts at the Getz house as a tribute. As time runs out, I have a coast guard on the phone and they are saying this is now a search for victims and no longer a rescue. I just want to let you know that the search costing millions of dollars now. The squirrel did not file a flight plan. We have talked with other squirrels and said they would not have even climbed a tree in the haze of Friday morning. Very difficult. Bernie's squirrel missing now for quite a few days as hope runs out at the squirrel compound. You see the patriarch of the squirrel family, that big fat one. You might remember made the news years back as he came crawling out of a river after a female squirrel that was accompanying him drowned under mysterious... With the search continuing, we will keep breaking into your programming. The search for a Bernie guest is squirrel. Squirrel Jr. on this NBC nightly news. Still broadcasting from Yellowstone National Park, of course. Looking for the picnic basket scandal. Let us play Giyogi Bear as Ranger Smith is always trying to turn him around for a picnic basket. Tom Broga, NBC nightly news. Scooby-Doo McGilligurilla and Ricochet Rabbit have gathered together and holding a candlelight vigil. We will keep you updated on events looking for Bernie guest's squirrel. Like I said, the Coast Guard is searching for victims now. No longer a rescue. And we will cover the funeral of Bernie guest's squirrel who will be buried at sea after being cremated. This just in, Tom Broga, NBC nightly news. The body of Bernie guest's squirrel has been found. It's a tragic day. We will be going to the squirrel compound and getting a reaction from the squirrel family. Tom Broga, NBC nightly news. We will be tying up traffic and interrupting your favorite programs to bring you continuous coverage of a lost and now dead rodent. You deserve the best. But that would be a lot of work. Here's the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk at 1027. Talking about steel reserve high-gravity lager. Well, there's a problem in the community. As Reverend Al so eloquently puts it, that this steel reserve high-gravity lager, the ads are racist. They show two tortoise having sex. And that's racist. And it says research shows sex sells. Well, I guess it's racist putting such distasteful ads in only certain neighborhoods because they were saying you don't see these ads on Park Avenue. It's all about supply and demand. Yeah. And I guess there's a demand for this stuff in the community. All right. So this is the beer everyone's talking about, the high-gravity steel reserve. Can I have one of those? That was funny. Remember when I said earlier in the show, I said, is Budweiser available in some of the communities that only handle steel reserve like Harlem? And somebody said, yeah, but it's an import. So available is an import. All right. All right. Here we go. Let me crack open. Wait. Oh, with a fine twist off top. 8.1 proof. Whoa. No, it's got 8.1 percent alcohol. OK. Wow. First of all, ounces. Nice and cold. Wait a minute. First of all, this color is a little off. Doesn't it look like urine specimen? Oh, wait a minute. I seem to have given you the wrong job. I've been watching some in living color. All right. High-gravity steel reserve. Let's take a swig. Wow. That's disgusting. Whoa. God damn. Where God damn? Now, that's good stuff. All of a sudden you start talking black when you drink this. No, wait a minute. Hey, this stuff is potent. Holy smoke. It's strong. This is strong. Yeah, it's strong. It's stronger when it's warm. Oh, I bet. I don't like it. Damn. Do you like it? It's not awful bad like Meisterbrau or something. This is like the other side of the spectrum. I don't know. I drink this in the cold on a street corner or something. Maybe that's why it's got more alcohol in it. No, I'm serious. Maybe after you've already had sex with it. But if I was at home and I was enjoying an after-dinner brew, this wouldn't be the one I'd go for. I am outraged. Oh, no. I am outraged. Reverend Allen. I am outraged. What the hell are you doing in the studio? I see you drinking the Steel Reserve High Gravity Lock. Well, we want to try it. There's a lot of controversy about this stuff. This is a plot, a conspiracy by the white man. Why is that? 8.1% alcohol. Well, obviously they want the homeless to drink this. When they're down the streets, they're already in bombs. Oh. You got an extra bottle. Hey, this stuff's pretty good. You can have mine. All right. Wow, Steel Reserve. No, that's just not happening for me at all. Hey, leave the music on. It's kind of a soundtrack. I like it. All right, but Doug has brought us something else here, too, to try out. Oh, yeah. Steel Reserve. Boy, I drank two sips and I'm tanked. It went right to my head, but all right. What else did you bring? He brought a blackened hand beer called Howling Monkey. Oh, come on. Look at the label. Where's my? Where? Here's my Howling Monkey. Dude, look at the label. Let me see the label. It's a monkey in a suit. It is. It's planted in the gate. My God. The label is adorned with the image of Dr. Zayas. Damn you. Damn. Let me partake in some of this Howling Monkey. Damn, it's not bad. My God. The image of Dr. Zayas staring back at me. Damn you all to hell. I can't be drinking Howling Monkey, but I'm strangely drawn to it. Drawn to the Howling Monkey as I was drawn to Zeri, lovely Zera. Cornelius never knows. He will never know what happened between me and Zera. We drank a case of Howling Monkey and then I turned her into a Howling Monkey. Yes, I dropped my loin cloth. She saw the man with no hair on his body. I gave her some of Charten's meat. I partook in monkey meat while drinking Howling Monkey. Damn me to hell. I like the Howling Monkey. Is it better than the Steel Reserve? What's the alcohol content on it? I don't know. Shut this music. Give me Reverend Al's and I'll go back to the Steel Reserve. All right. I feel a little more Steel Reserve. Wait a minute. Give that to me. All right. Here's Steel Reserve. Ah, yeah, yeah. Steel Reserve definitely stronger. It's got a stronger taste to it. Wow, that's gross. The Howling Monkey. You don't like it? No. That's a better one. Now is this sold in the black community too? Is this in the community? This was around here. We could get this around here. Oh, it is? In the stores. Damn. I don't know. Well, the Steel Reserve will get you snotted. I'll give you that. Let me tell you, if I was impoverished and had a lot of problems and had to worry about crime and shootings in my community and raising my children and sending them to a school where they might be shot or stabbed, I would drink the Steel Reserve. I think that's an endorsement for the Steel Reserve. Yo, man, slide a piece of the bottle to drink some out on the job. Steel Reserve, it's I. I can't even believe these morons. He's a disgusting little man. What a douchebag. Green rep radio. Stambulver. This is sicker than faces of death.