 I'm used to the crazy people. Oh, don't ever underestimate the psycho factor in my head. Are you mental? No! It's our show! I'm a mad man! I'm getting pissed! You sound like a stalk-raving mad person. No! I'm getting pissed! No! No! Don't ever underestimate the psycho factor in my head. No! Oh, B and Anthony. How can you tell who's insane and who's insane? You guys sometimes piss me off, okay? Oh, boy, rumors running rampant about Ronald Reagan's health. Yeah, I saw that in the paper today. They're saying some rumors have him on a 36-hour death watch. Oof, like he's going to drop any second now, and the family's like, Hey, shut up! Well, his son is really pissed. Michael, Michael Reagan. He's quoted in the paper today. I just saw him the other day, and he's fine. Quit scaring the family. My kids have to deal with it. People come up to them, and they ask me if something's wrong with Grandpa. There's a lot wrong with Grandpa at this point. Yeah, man. So, Reagan's doing okay, and tonight, I believe, our buddy Tom Brokaw will be talking to Nancy Reagan. Oh, really? About the ex-president's health and Alzheimer's and dispelling all the rumors that have been flying lately. Tom Brokaw, I'm going to say nightly news. Opie and Anthony, thank you for giving me this opportunity to plug my injury with Nancy Reagan at the end. Tom? Yeah? You sound extra woozy today. Oof. You sound really odd. A little groggy today. Yeah. I was working on my car, you see, in the garage. Yeah. The door was shut, and the exhaust fumes was overcome by carbon monoxide. So, a little groggy. Thank God, Mrs. Brokaw holds me out of the garage just in the nick of time. But I wouldn't have been able to perform an interview with Nancy Reagan. Remember Nancy Reagan, first lady, her motto on drugs, just saying, oh. What? What was that? She said, just say no. Oh, just say no, right. Yeah. Which is probably what Ronald Reagan is saying when she wants to off him up some of that gas. I'll have to remember to ask her that on tonight's Every Nightly News interview with, who? Nancy Reagan. Tom Brokaw, Every Nightly News interview with Nancy Reagan. Every Nightly News. Very good. Tom. Tom Brokaw. Let me see. Achille Laurel. Why are you pulling a clip? Achille Laurel. I must learn how to say Achille Laurel. Achille Laurel. All right, Tom, thank you. Don't you have to go and work on the piece for tonight? Yes, I have to work on the piece. All right, Tom Brokaw, everyone. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Tom Brokaw, everyone. There he goes. Hey, Anthony, look at our luck. Rick is informing me that the ex-president of the United States of America is on the hotline, Anthony. Really? The same line that old dirty uses to call our show. Isn't that a disgrace? The ex-president is on the line, and he wants to dispel all these rumors about his health. Oh, good. So let's go to the phone right now and... Aunt. What? Where are you going? I'll be right back. You talk to the president a while. I'll be right back. Wait, this is... You start it. I'll finish. I got to take a leak. Aunt, this doesn't happen every day. You don't get the chance to talk to an ex-president. Just start. Just hold him on the line until I get back. Ugh. He just doesn't get it. An ex-president on the line. Hello? Hello, O.P.O. Oh, I mean, hello? Yes. Hi, this is Ronald Reagan. Well, I wanted... I wanted to dispel the rumors. All right. Do we have the president, the ex-president on the line now? No. Yes, I had to take the phone from, I believe that was Sam Donaldson. Not sure. Well, I just wanted to dispel those rumors about my health. Yeah, they're saying that there's a 36-hour death watch. On who? On you, Mr. Reagan. Is Mr. Reagan there? No, no, you're Mr. Reagan? I am. Yeah, you're the ex-president of the United States of America. Yes, and I want to say, I'm as spry as JFK Jr. I wanted to dispel any... Well, Mr. Gorbachev, tear down that wall. No, no, no. Hello? No, you left the presidency a real long time ago, Mr. Reagan. Where did I leave it? I'm always forgetting things. The bombing starts in five minutes. No, no, no, no. Hello? We want to just discuss the fact that you're still alive and well. God bless Pakistan. Well, I'm fine. I still take a dump every morning like clockwork at 6 a.m. Well, I don't get up till 7. That old guy. That old guy. You were spotted on the streets of California in Brentwood eating ice cream. I was? Yes. Yes, I love ice cream now. It's much the same as running the free world, eating ice cream. Eating ice cream. One minute you have your hand on the button and it could destroy all mankind. The next you're eating Fudgy the Whale. Can someone shoot me? Hello? Well, they already shot at you. We shouldn't be making jokes about that. They did when? Way back in what, 80? 81? Did I make it? Yes, you did. You made it through. Fine. Thank God for that. Look, I'm a cat now. Meow. Meow. Well, now every morning I wake up and thank God I'm able to stare at Nancy's giant head. She's like a Bergen Pez dispenser. It's like looking at a Mardi Gras float for God's sake. Hello? Hello? Is that why you are? Why are you counting? I'm counting my liver spots. Four or five more and I'm a black man. Looking forward to that. Look, I can see through walls and I'm a pirate. A best matey. You know what the good thing about Alzheimer's is? I'm with a new chick every day. Why is it always a skinny pig with a huge head? Oh, that's so wrong. Mr. Gorbachev, tear down that curtain rod. I was leader of the free world now I don't even know when I take a dump. Oh, wait, I think I just did. Right on your mind. It's off to Carvel for another Fudgy the Whale. Well, obviously you're alive and well, Mr. Reagan. God bless Iraq. Hello? Hello? Okay, thank you. There he goes. The ex-president of the United States of America. Or someone that sounds a lot like him. Now, what the hell did Anthony... Anthony? What the hell happened? Hey, put him on. Hey. Mr. President, it's an honor to speak with you. I was always a big... He hung up. I told you to hold him on the line until I got here. I was trying, as Alzheimer's, you know. You always hang up before I get back. It's like right before I get back. He can't remember things. I told him to hang in there. You wanted to talk to him and, you know, I couldn't keep him on the line. Damn it. He missed a golden opportunity. So many questions I wanted to ask. Did he sound okay? Oof. Really? Well, maybe next time. I think Mr. Reagan had too many beers last night. He was a little confused what voice he was doing today. Really? I'm going to have to hear that on a tape or something. You might have to. He thought he was still doing the Tom Brokaw. He did? Really? Yes. What an ass. Maybe Mr. Reagan should get to bed before four in the morning. Hey. I wasn't in bed early. No, I'm not talking about you. Oh, okay. I'm talking about the president. The O.B. and Anthony show. I have no clue what anybody is saying, but it's the funniest damn show. More stupidity on the way. 1027. O.B. and Anthony. We punish ignorance. Hey, ass, turn down your radio. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. 1027. All right, it's the worst of O.B. and Anthony. What's happening, man? This is Rick, producer of the show. Hey, it is Monday, a couple days after the big Christmas day. Hopefully everybody did well, got some good gifts. Remember, the guy's going to be off until next Monday, so we are doing the worst of all this week, which is kind of cool. We're going to dip back, grab some real old bits, grab some more recent stuff, stuff off world CD, stuff that would have been on their new CD, but it's not coming out just yet. So we are in the process of doing that. It's the worst of O.B. and Anthony all this week. Any suggestions for the show? 212-757-1027. Spaz is working the phones. You can fax them to us at 212-957-WNEW or just hope that you hear what you want to hear. Got a lot of great suggestions from last week. We'll try and get them on sometime today or maybe tomorrow. Why don't we get right back to it, shall we? It's the worst of O.B. and Anthony. Here's some Stephen Lynch by requests. When I was a boy of ten I had a very best friend. It was kind with good intent but just a little different, all special and mama dropped him on his head. Now he's not so bright instead. He's a little bit special, just a little bit special. We'd play tag and he'd get hurt. I'd play soldier, he'd eat dirt. I like math and spelling bee and liked talking to a trio special and mama dropped him on his head. Now she keeps him in the shed cause he's a little bit special. A little bit special. I ran track, hung out in malls. Ed ran head first into walls. I had girls and lots of clothes. Ed had names for all his toes. He's so special and mama dropped him on his head. Now he thinks he's a piece of bread. He's a little bit special, just a little bit special. One day talking to special Ed, he grabbed a brick and he swung it in my head. As he laughed at me that's when I knew special Ed just made me special too. Now I laugh as I count bugs. I give strangers great big hugs next to me. Ed is fine, he's a fucking Einstein. Oh special Ed and me. Now we're not right in the head you see. Now we're not so right instead. We're a little bit special, just a little bit special. That bastard Ed made me special. Just a little bit special. Alright, there's the Stephen Lassie no in love. There's some redemption. Please forgive me. Now more of the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk at 1027. And it's Opie and Anthony, phone number 212-757-1027. Also receiving a lot of great faxes today, fax line 212-957-9639. Of course a very disturbing clip on the unofficial Opie and Anthony website. Alright, let's get back to Rick's bachelor party. We pretty much discussed the ride over there and we discussed how when I pulled out my wad of money the girls attacked me like they were seagulls at the beach going for a crust of bread. That is the way to describe it man. I pulled that out and Rick was late so Earl got all the lap dances. Well Earl's the one I think, you seem to be the most uptight about the whole thing Earl. No I wasn't. Well let me be honest, you were. When that one first girl wanted to take you to the VIP lounge in the back you resisted at first. You were sitting in the chair going no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, you silly rabbit. I just thought that honor should have went to Rick. Well he wasn't there. He wasn't there. It would have but he was not there and he wasn't showing up for another hour and a half at that point so it was just like hey, give it to Earl. I just thought it was funny, I was like okay who's going to be the first guy and everyone just turned around and pointed their fingers straight at me. Oh yeah. Well you are the virgin. Oh stop it. Stop it. You got it, you got to give it to Earl. There's no bell being rung there. Ring the bell. That's not the reality. Bring it. I'm just in a dry spell that's all. 29 years. You got tumbleweeds rolling around in your carotid. Dry spell. Well yeah, Earl got I think a lap dance every three minutes for the whole evening. Everybody was just, yeah because you're talking and stuff. Sometimes a lap dance gets in the way. Yeah. I'd rather watch someone else get in the lap dance. Put it this way, Nunzio completely hooked us up with funny money and stuff. And that was supposed to be for Rick but because Rick was late we used it on Earl. By the time Rick the bachelor showed up we were running out of funds quickly. And the lap dance is just an odd thing. There's no touching. So you just kind of sit in the chair with your arms on the armrest as this chick is going around you and gyrating in front of you and looking at you like you should be pounded. You know? But it's like I will just stay completely still in this chair as you circle me. You know? Yeah. It's like when you used to play a stupid game with your siblings. I'm not touching you. Look, I'm not touching you. I'm not touching you. And you're right next to the person. You put your hand right next to their face. Why? Why are you mad? I'm not even touching you. I'm not touching you. That's how it is. They get right next to you. It's the adult version of that game. Yes. My ass is not touching you. My ass is not touching your nose. All right. So then I guess... The VIP room was great. Yeah, the VIP. You don't talk about the VIP room. Oh, oh, oh. Ixnay on the VIP room. Just say it was great. You sit down, Danny. How about a lap dance? So we were treated like kings of goldfingers and then finally the night came to an end for most of us. Yeah, I guess, boy, pretty much everyone left after a while. I decided that there was no way in hell I could go home, Anthony. With the smells and the things that were hanging off my clothes, it would be safe to stay away from home. You just end up smelling like a dancer. Right. Like I said earlier, there were substances on my body that I could not recognize and I felt it was safe to stay away from the homestead because I wasn't functioning right where I could explain some of this stuff. So I decided to crash at Ben's place, and my clothes, by the way, have officially been burned. Oh, really? Yes. Now, did your pants look like, well, did it look like you dropped some sour cream on there? Not that bad. Out of the fajita? No, not that bad. But first of all, I guess, Mark, Psycho Mark, who's in the studio, he's starting to get really pissed at everyone. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't go there. Yeah. You're freaking loony with those dances, man. That was part of the best part of the show. You know what? Guys can relate to this. There's always one guy in the crew that is convinced that the girl actually likes him. And you'll be going home to bang the dancer. Right. That person in our gang is? Psycho Mark. Psycho Mark. Hello. But at one point, I think had too many dollars in both hands. Did I see a shoe off with more dollars between your toes? You were shaking money around like Trump sitting front row. You were like right there next to the stage. And a girl come over and give him a lap dance. And he's getting into, like his arms are going and he's almost dancing with the girl. Correct. I was having a good time. Well, sure. Isn't that right? Isn't that wrong with that? Is it true you were thinking you had a shot at that girl? No, of course not. Oh, now he says it. What time do you get home? Oh, at 3.30. Let me stress, let me make it perfectly clear. We started the festivities around 8.15. It wasn't like we went out at 11 because most guys are like, oh, what's the big deal? Four hours in a club, no big deal. No, we're talking eight hours in the club for Mark. It's a hard day's work. To the point where you're punching your pal Ben over there. Ben deserved the punch, but we'll get to that in a little bit. We can get to it now because it all relates. Now Ben has an apartment in the village, right? Low-reside. Big. It's close. Near NYU and all that. Ben has a really small place. Correct, Mark? You stayed there? Yes, I have. When you first moved to the city. Now, I asked Ben if I could crash on his couch because there's no way, like I said earlier, there's no way I could go home. Right. There was a slight problem with that. Ben told me, yeah, no problem. And that's the truth. I thought everything was cool. I found out when I arrived at Ben's place that there was already another guy staying there, another one of his friends that is moving to New York City. See, Ben has all his friends in and they all move to New York City, but they start their journey in New York by staying with Ben for a month. Right? Is that true? Totally right. Who is this guy? It's Ed. Drunk Ed. Drunk German Ed. With a bullet hole in his head. Drunk German Ed with a bullet hole in his head. I guess this would be a great time to introduce Drunk German Ed to the show. Who wants to tell the story of why he has a bullet mark in his head? He was in the German army and I think they were doing exercises with the Russians and he stuck his head up from behind a berm and got whacked with a 7.62 round in his head. And the rumor is he was drunk when he was on duty and he went, oh, what's on the other side? He got shot with live ammo in the head during training. Exercise. It's a true story. He's got a dent in his head. That's why they call him Drunk German Ed with a bullet hole in his head. Pretty much wraps it up right there. There you go. True story. So I go to Ben's assuming it's going to be no problem. We'll get him to crash. I got the couch. Ben's got his bed. Tiny little apartment. No bigger than this studio we're in right now. But there's Drunk Ed on Ben's couch. With a 40. With a 40 of Becks. So Ben, what did you say to Ed? I told him to go stay at Mark's. And like a quarter to one he tells his guest, Ed, that he has got to leave his apartment because I'm crashing there. Now I'm feeling uncomfortable. I'm like, Ben, didn't you work this out before you told me I could stay? Guess not. So Ed, all drunk and belligerent. Gets up and goes to Mark's. Yeah, but you missed the whole point. Now there's a bunch of points here, Mark. Now Mark didn't want Drunk Ed at his place because he was convinced that he was taking one of the strippers from Goldfinger's house. That is the truth. No, it's not. You're absolutely wrong. That's not the reason why I wanted you. You know your little honey's listening, but that is the truth. I thought you were getting lucky. Maybe I did. You guys don't even know about it. All right, so now Ben just flat out kicks his friend out on the street at 1230 at night and all I remember is Drunk Ed going, you don't keep a black man out on the street at 1230 at night? You've got to mention his head is also black. A black German. He's a black German with a bullet hole in his head. So now where does the story go? He went to Mark's building. Oh, wait a minute. Before he even gets to the building, you were at the club, right? You're like, oh, oh, he's going to stay with me. He's going to stay over at the place tonight. So Ed's going to stay with you. And I'm like, Ed is not staying at my apartment. There is no way that Ed is staying with you. I already told you that Ed cannot stay at my apartment. Now logically it would have been like, logically it would have been okay if I would have just like stayed at your place. But you live with a gay guy. I had a problem with that. So I said, I'll go stay with Ben. I'm going to stay with Ben. And the gay roommate doesn't want drunk German Ed with a bullet hole in his head staying at your house either. Last time Ed came over, he almost broke all the furniture and he insulted my roommate. What did he say? He said something to the fact that I hate the Jews and my roommate is Jewish. Isn't that amazing? Even black Germans hate the Jews. You'd think they would understand oppression and stuff. But my poor roommate, being Jewish, got very offended. And he was very upset. And then Ed receives to blow a nasty, stinky beer party. In the apartment. And you know how those gay guys eat their ramen so nice and neat and stuff and smell good. So needless to say, they love the bad taste in my roommate's mouth. So Ed is no longer proud of my apartment. Not the first thing. So drunk Ed goes to Mars. Problem is Mars is not home because let's go back to the story. So trying to pick up the script. I was hanging out with Nonsiall. Nonsiall is very cool. So, so drunk Ed stayed in your lobby for how long? Yeah. Not kidding. Three hours in the lobby of your building. And he's waiting for Mark to get home. So he can stay with her. He can sleep. So meanwhile he's sitting in the lobby of my building, bothering me before I dormant. Just like making erratic conversation with the poor guy. And trying to explain his plight as a black German stuck out in the city with a bullet hole. Right. I walk in. This was like 3.30. And all of a sudden I'm tired. I'm ready to go to bed. I walk in. Hey Mark, it's Ed. How are you? I'm like what the hell are you doing here? Hey, I'm staying over at Stan's house. You need to move me out to the street. God, are you kidding me? He did throw him out on the street. Oh, that's sad man. Ben Flatout said, Ben Flatout said, drunk Ed, you have to leave. Your head comes over to my place and say, I don't have a place. I told Ed, I said, you can't stay here. You cannot stay here. So I ended up loaning him like another $200. Did he get a hotel room? At 3 o'clock in the morning, 3.30. Well, if my roommate woke up and saw a black guy sleeping on the couch with a bullet hole in his head, it would not be pretty tough. The gay guy. Let me get this straight. The gay guy doesn't like the black German guy with the bullet hole in his head. Likewise, the black German guy doesn't like the Jews, but the gay guy takes offense. Is he Jewish? Oh, OK. Well, that one makes perfect sense. Very Jewish. And Ed's claiming that when Ben kicked him out of his apartment that we were mocking him and laughing at him. Yeah. Well, he told me he goes, oh, Ben was laughing at me. He said, you're a Jew, you're a Jew, you're a Jew. Oh, you're a Jew, you're a Jew. Look, you can't laugh at me. I'm scared of you. He's still drunk out of his mind, slurring his words. So anyhow, I get him to leave. And the doorman is like, who the hell is that guy? He spent the last three hours trying to come up and converse with me about his bullet hole in his head and people throwing him out the street. But Ben, that was probably the coldest thing I've ever heard in a long time. That was pretty cold to put your own friend out on the street. I mean, you could have let him stay, you know, in a corner for Christ's sake. Now looking back on it, you're right. Oh, now? OK, that was funny. You're like, oh, so funny. I'm standing here crying. I'm standing here crying. That's how it went down. Not nice. And you're laughing too, Opie. Yeah, Opie. I think Ope's part of the problem, too. Like you didn't say anything like, did you say anything to Ben like, oh, Ben, you can't do that, man. Look, I'll make other arrangements. Hey, look, man, I was tired. Screwed the guy with the bullet hole in his head. I'm tired. I was tired. One must know evil before he can condemn his gun. Opie must have seen evil before he can finance his gun. And beneath his disgusting and very, very cold head can not. Opie and Anthony. What? You can't put that on the air. FM at 1027. All right, it is the worst of Opie and Anthony. What is happening? It's Rick, the producer of the show, in all this week doing the worst stuff. So if you've got any suggestions whatsoever, stuff maybe from the first week that you remember, if you've been with the show that long, or from last week, because we had a couple of good bits from last week as well, and anything in between during the entire tenure, the guys stand here, the WNEW. We are doing it. It's the worst of Opie and Anthony. Dial it up, 212-757-1027. See what we can get on for you. Got a lot of requests for OJ911, Jeter and Piazza with Mad Dog, Dreamweaver, a big request for Dreamweaver and some wherever now. All that stuff is on the way, so make sure you listen. Also some Louis Anderson next hour. But let's get back to it, shall we? With the worst of Opie and Anthony. Again, any suggestions? 212-757-1027. Today, you're stuck with the worst of Opie and Anthony. On FM Talk at 1027. Hey, man. It's O&A. What up, man? Uh, Don Imus here. Just wanted to... I got a problem with that videotape. You saw the video, Mr. Imus? No, uh, that was me in the video. I had secrets out. I'm really an old broad. Yeah, of course, we're talking about the video of the lady having sex. She just happened to be 100 years old. See, without my big fag cowboy hat on, you can't tell I'm actually a woman. Shut up, Bernard. Did look like Imus, didn't it? Uh, Imus with the wig, sure. I could see that, Anthony, a little bit. Not even with a wig. See her? She didn't have much hair. Anywhere. I'm upset. Everyone is just disturbed. We're trying to move on here. Louis! What's up, man? Yeah, I just passed... I'm in Newark Airport, man. Just passed like a group of old people. Just made me shiver just walking by them. The old guy almost needed a walker just to get out. Time blows. I'm telling you... I swear to God, man. Yeah, you had to see these old people, man. I'm like going, oh my God. Just imagining one of them. Not even just the group. Making an orgy out of it? Know what the funny thing is about this? There's an article in the paper about Hugh Hefner. And there's a lot of people outraged because Hugh Hefner, at the age of 70, 71, is taking Viagra and banging four broads that are in their early 20s. Yeah, he says that just because he's gotten older, his taste in women hasn't gotten older. He's still attracted to girls that are in their 20s. And he's banging a girl that... he's banging twins that are 21 years old. 21 years old. And he's got two more that he's doing. Right. And it's all because of Viagra, and he loves it. And most people read about it, Hugh Hefner, in the paper today, and say he's a sick bastard. Let me tell you what's sick. Sick is what we just saw in the other studio. Yeah, because I got to tell you, I don't think there's probably much difference. Now, I'm not saying every 71, 75-year-old woman looks like the 100-year-old one in there. But a majority of them do. You know, so what does Hugh have to have sex with a woman that looks like ET? To be morally right in your eyes? What, are you kidding me? He's a single man. God bless this guy. God bless him is right. Unbelievable. And he says it's all because of Viagra. And he says he pops his stuff like it's M&M's pretty much. He's probably got a big bowl of it in the hand. Hey, I'm just popping it in his mouth. Like you would eat peanuts or something. Hey, what's up? Oh, no. Like throwing them up in the air and catching them. Jiggling around in his hand like you do with peanuts. Tic-tacs. Tic-tacs, yeah. Look at my bathrobe. Oh, man. Like a pup tent. Don, what's up? Hey, guys, how you doing? All right. Just want to tell you, nobody would touch you halfway with a 10-foot bowl if it wasn't for his millions of dollars. You're right. Good point. I mean, it gives me a break. Viagra, no Viagra. I don't care. That's my goal, to get very rich in the next 40 years. That's it. Then you can afford the girls. You go for the gusto. Yeah, if I had the choice, I'm going to celebrate my 75th anniversary with my loved one. Yeah. Who are you kidding? It's going to have to be an arrangement at that age. Hope he's going to have a vending machine with Viagra and just drop it in a gumball machine. Yeah, exactly. All right. They must love that at their retirement homes, though. You know, the Viagra thing? Before Viagra, what did they have to worry about? Change of diapers, the guy's drooling, hey, hey, over in the corner. The old lady occasionally dying, they wheel her out and stuff. I mean, now Viagra, you've got these horny old guys rolling around the halls. Well, think about it. I don't think they allow it, right? Because it's got to be by prescription. They probably got to smuggle it in. They're smuggling it in. They got to smuggle it in. It's like the joint. Hey, you got any? I'm hurting real bad. I need some. I ain't had wood in a week. Screw the wood. He hasn't leaked in a week. He needs just the leaps. But then they're not looking. You know, they're like half. They're looking for the younger broads. And what do they got? What are you going to look for in the retirement home? Unison 2B needs a bandana. Hey, sweetie. Dustin. Yeah. What's up? ONA. Yeah. I just want to find out if this old lady ever appeared on Willard Scott's 100-year smucker jar. The smucker's jar? Yeah. It wasn't the smucker's jar. Yeah. But, you know, by the day, so... She was to very happy birthday to Loretta. Loretta. 100 years young. Whoa, look at her go. Loretta's hobbies include... Hobbing. Bananas. Hobbing. Now the sounds of brittle bones breaking under the weight of doggy style. There are just some things older people probably shouldn't do. I don't know. Loretta still gets up every day to do some gardening and the horizontal bar. She likes knitting, cooking for her family, and all. And gumming her neighbor. Time is a bitch though, man. I remember working in a retirement home one day. We were doing a dinner party. I remember working in a retirement home one day. We were doing a job in there. There was some old guy in a wheelchair just yelling. He's sitting there and he's just, Hey! Hey! Hey! Yelling. And like I'm horrified and no one's doing anything for the poor guy. And I said to the woman at the counter, I go, this guy's yelling back there. He's just, Hey! And she goes, Oh no, that's Mr. Johnson. He does that all the time. He does that all day long. He used to be a gym teacher. That explains it. I don't know who he put our gym teacher through. But then I'm just thinking, picture the guy. Probably gym teacher, got to be in some kind of shape. He's got his little whistle and stuff. Years ago. All right guys, come on. Back on the track. Another lap. We're going to climb her up today. Football practice. Yeah, yeah, come on. Hit it. Hit it. Go, go, go. And then you just add a little time. Add a little time. What do you got? Hey! Hey! Hey! It just gives you a little perspective on things, you know? Go for the gusto. Live your life for God's sake. Because someday you'll be there. Hey! Or like Loretta, with people looking at you horrified at your time ravaged body. It looked like every organ she had settled on top of her pelvis. Like she... It looks like... All I could say is, take Kate Moss, have her swallow a hippity hop. And then leave her in a steam room for three years. So the skin just kind of... I cannot explain this enough. But it puts a little perspective on things. I guess you just got to go for the gusto while you're young. Like Hugh Hefner. Hey! Hey! Hey! Sometimes you feel like a mess. Do-do-do-do. Sometimes you don't. You guys are gonna burn in hell. Opie and Anthony, 1027. The worst of Opie and Anthony. We'll get back to more bits and stuff in just a little bit. In the meantime, a quick music break with some James Addiction. You deserve the best. But that'd be a lot of work. Here's the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk at 1027. Wee-hee! Wee-hee! Wee-hee! Swing your partner, start to dance. Grab him and pull down his pants. Dosey doughnut quarter turn. Tuck his one-eyed wonderworm. Wee-hee! Wee-hee! Wee-hee! Hop and stop across the floor. Show him what you've got in store. Grab those ankles, what a sight. Drive it home with all your might. Wee-hee! Wee-hee! Wee-hee! Now your partner's pretty big. Drilling like an oil rig. Promenade and grab a beer. Open it in your partner's rear. Wee-hee! Wee-hee! Wee-hee! Opie and Anthony. Oh, those guys are fast! Now, more of the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk at 1027. The talk you can't ignore. We're talking about Louis Anderson. We've stated in the past that I don't get it. He's not funny. Don't you have to be funny to have a label of a comedian? Yeah, I guess so. But I don't know, I guess this stuff is so tragic that it becomes funny or something. People laugh a lot of times because they're uncomfortable. Sometimes comics get on stage and they either have an affliction or something. Remember the deaf comedian girl? And people are laughing but you can't understand a word she's saying, but everyone's laughing because you're nervous and it's like, you better laugh. My one and only aunt goes, I come up and you're watching! What did she say? I don't know, just laugh. Smile, clap and laugh. We interviewed her in LA a few years back. Remember that? I'm reading lips! The publicist comes up to us and she goes, you want to talk to, I forgot her name, the deaf comedian? And we're like, this is radio. She reads lips real well. So as a gag, because we're just complete a-holes, I start asking questions with my head turned. And I'm a pretty good ventriloquist, watch. So I wasn't even doing it. I was like, so how are you doing? Anthony wouldn't move his lips and I hurt my head. So what you like, you understand that kind? When you go out and make questions! That was pretty heinous, yeah. We understand. That was the second silliest moment that we had in the past. Remember we had to talk to, who's the guy with Peanut, the damn puppet? What's the name of that guy? God, I can't remember his name! The comedian with the puppet. Is it Jeff Dunham, I think? Oh yeah, Jeff Dunham, he does TV commercials now and stuff. Now his whole act is Peanut the puppet, what, he's an old guy or something? Right. So we were doing interviews from the Montreal Comedy Festival through an ISDN line. So we weren't there. No, we weren't there. So Jeff Dunham was in Montreal with his puppet Peanut. And so we're like, okay everyone, we've got Jeff Dunham on the line, and he's talking to us and then he goes, hey, you want to say hi to Peanut? And we're like, yeah, okay, and Peanut starts talking. And then Anthony and I realized how completely stupid this is, and we go, Jeff, are you sitting there with the puppet in your hand right now? He's like, yeah, well, I am. And we just started laughing at him, and then he just had to go away. What do you need the puppet for? It's radio. A phone interview over the radio. Yeah, but he was still doing the act, even though it wasn't TV where he had the actual puppet talking. He needed the puppet. Maybe like the movie Magic. Magic with Anthony Hopkins, one of my favorite movies. All right, anyway. Yeah, so you laugh, people laugh just because they're nervous, you know? And he talks about how fat he is and how tragic it is, so people just start laughing. All right, so let's count all the fat jokes here. You got your bell for the fat jokes? This is Louis Anderson and Rosie O'Donnell this morning. This is just the comedic geniuses at work here. Well, hi, Louis. Hi, Rosie. How are you? I'm great. So how's everything going? Good. I'm a great flipper on the world. No kidding? Not the world, no. No, good. What was that about? The guy with the balloon. You know why you don't fly a balloon? One carry-on. True. Did you see him flying on a balloon? That big flying no grill on the ground. If you did have a great hair, you'd be flying Burger King. Have you ever been on a balloon before? No, no. I was in one once. Really? It's scary, yeah, in Colorado. Who weaves the basket out here? I had to get reinforced. It's a lot of stress. I'm a real crazy person, so it's tight. Where did you go? You went just all over? I was in Australia first, beautiful place. Working or just living? Just living. Really? They had the Formula One. Do you know what that is? The race car? The race car, the little ones. Every time I got in a cab, they said, are you here for the Formula One? I go, yeah, I'm driving. Gotcha. You know the ones with the cigarettes and bigger things? Yeah. If the car doesn't kill you, the products won't. My car was a Dunkin' Donuts car. Oh, there it is. That would be my car, too. Do you have a favorite Dunkin' Donuts place? I like those cream things. That's a vanilla cream thing? Oh, honey. Do you ever go in and they've got just the one left? Yeah. It's kind of, it's good. Somebody's touched it before. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I'm a fan of the I always get it anyway. Yeah, yeah. Of course, yeah. The last one, you know. Right. Now, you've lost a lot of weight recently, haven't you? Yeah, I lost about 70 pounds. Good for you, Willie. Yeah, clap for that guy. Clap for Fat Louis. I'm a fan of the area designer. Just like me, it's a life thing. It's a horrible thing. What happens is about 6 o'clock at night, they lock me in a cage. Because, you know, I just quit eating at night. That was a big thing for me. That was a thing. Because we work at night. Sure. You work at night, you're doing stand-up, then you go and you're going to have your meal. Right. And you're going to have your meal. Yeah, that's not good. So what's your cutoff is now? 6 in the morning? Yeah, about, yeah. How do you do when you're working? Like, in Winnipeg City this weekend? You know, I just eat the fruit and stuff then at night. You know, it's just food. What's his name? He's like, we can't have drugs, money, a doughnut. I take the doughnut every time. Same with me. Yeah, it is true. And you try to eat healthy. I have that grilled chicken sandwich there with the fake grill marks. Right, right. I'm a big fan of the area designer. I'm a big fan of the area designer. I'm a big fan of the area designer. I'm a big fan of the area designer. You want fries with that? Well, you're going to pressure me. What size do you want? How about that basket you fry them in? Oh, Lordy. I'm hysterical. I'm starting to jump up on the air, you know. I want to show this. You do? I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. I'm going to show this. Jump on the air, you know. You know, I want to show this. You do? And I said, oh, she started the Chub Club, that's a mistake. It is a mistake. Because the pressure gets on you. Yeah, but I said to everyone, it's not really to lose weight, it's to get healthier, because I have two kids, and I want to have my cardio and everything. So we did the workout, and I'm going to tell you, January, February, eight, Louie, I was so good, every day I'm doing the workout. Where were you all? I was doing everything all by myself, and I'm trying to get back in it. Maybe a jogging if I had a time. You know? I was never meant to exercise. I'm lazy. If I could do this for my bed, I would. You know, like, I'm so lazy that the auto remote control somehow ends up on the floor by your bed? You need to look, oh my God. You know, I'm a person who has a pillow to get over. I'll call people from the other end, Hey! Why are you getting so close? Hey, listen, I'm sure in here. Isn't he just a genius? Isn't this good stuff? At this point, it was amazing. Rosie actually started orbiting because there are gravitational poles of each other. So Rosie started orbiting Louis. It was just so weird to see her floating in his gravitational pole. The furniture was getting sucked up into his black hole. Amazing. Man, this is just top shell stuff. Oh, wow. When you have two heifers talking about eating and food and being fat, it doesn't get any better. Honestly, we can't compete with this stuff. This is incredible. I totally hear the same thing. It's so bad. Because when you do start working out, you do feel better. And you know, that's the thing. And also when you have lost the finish of an alien, you don't feel like you want to die. I mean, working out, you feel better. You know, chewing, swallowing. You know what? I never look, I look in the mirror. I don't see a fat person. I see a person who happens to be fat. Right, right. What does that mean? And do you hear the people laughing? Like he's seriously trying to get this profound thing. When I look in the mirror, I don't see a fat person. I see a person that's fat. And people are like, Oh, you're not supposed to laugh. How are we being profound? He's not being funny now. See, they don't even know when he's trying to be funny and not. They're just laughing at everything he says because he's fat. Well, Louie, you know something? When you look in the mirror, you see a fat person. And a person that's fat. You see a big fat person. Because you're fat. You want to hear a little more of this? Sure. I think that everybody who looks like my mom is heavy. Everyone who looks like my dad, you know, they're drunk. Oh, there's the dad drunk joke. There it is. That didn't take long. Here comes the drunk joke. My dad is drunk and beating me with a whiskey bottle. Laugh, laugh hard. It's true. You know, you get the genetics. And I look like my mom. Everyone who looks like her is heavy. But you know, it's a health thing. I do agree with you. It's really difficult. Everyone said that about the genetics and everything. And I always comforted myself. My mom was Irish and stocky Irish. This is how Irish people are. Totally Irish. And I thought, I've been learning it myself. They've got the same Irish genes as me. I know. It is. It's just that people go, and they treat you differently. That's true. You know when someone tells you, they steer you towards the side of your furniture, you know? Does that happen, honestly? They do that. Oh, sit on the concrete sofa there. On the concrete sofa. How does that feel, a wicker, you know? I didn't notice that people would treat me like that. Because when I was like my thinnest, even at my thinnest, I still don't think I'm thin. Like, I had a tucked-in shirt. That's the big proof to me. When you want a tucker. When you can tuck. When you can tuck and not wear a coat. Exactly. Just a pure tuck. I'm talking t-shirt, jean, tuck. I was at the gas station at SelfServe. And these two men came out of the gas station to help me. And they were so nice. And it was SelfServe. But they were like, what do you need? And I got so scared. Because I've never had that kind of attention. I wanted to get someone's attention, I would be funny. So when I got the attention for being a tucker, I'm not kidding. I went to Baskin Robbins. I'm not kidding. I did. Not even a joke. Exactly. That's when I tried all of them. That's when I tried all of them. You know? She's talking like And you grew up in the free you had stressful childhood. Yes. My mom fed us when things were bad. She didn't have money. There's some food. It's very psychological. I love what you have done with your painful childhood. I really do. Your books, the letters and everything with your dad. Talking about how difficult it was in an alcoholic family. And the pain that still reverberates today. It's so inspirational to me and to so many people. And I think very brave of you to do it. Thank you. Very brave. Standing ovation. It's like it's the reason I'm doing the Family Feud. Because the things always been family for me. And you know, just this year I had the Henderson Family Reunion in Las Vegas. Right through all my 59 family members. And I really find that I can pull off all those things. To hold that family? It is difficult. It's lifelong. You have to turn it around. You know, you're Ted Bundy. It's true. The only way through the pain is through the pain. You can't avoid it. You have to dance around it. And we're taught in this society to avoid it. Watch TV, do this, do that. But the work that you do helps people, including me, I think, go through it and face it as opposed to not dealing with it. And Life with Louie, great, great animated series that is on the Fox network. I do the work for yourself and your dad. And I love it when you said when you won your Emmy. Do you remember what you said? I think this is proof that you can take that terrible childhood and make something good out of it. Yes! Yes, Louie! Yes, bravo! Thank you so much for being here. He's in Atlantic City this weekend. Come on! He's saying he would be like Ted Bundy if he didn't have that great humor that he has? That's a stretch. Ted Bundy was skinny and got chicks. That's how he was able to kill him. Now, you did hear at the end of the interview though he's going to be hosting the new Family Feud. Family Feud, that's what you need. Remember what happened to the last host? He hung himself. I don't know, Louie sounds more depressed than Ray Combs ever did. You think Louie Anderson is going to do the whole Richard Dawson and try to like get kisses and stuff? I'm out of kiss, honey. Hey, I'm out of kiss. I'm out of kiss, honey. Hey, baby, what's your name? Yeah. Hey, welcome to the Feud. I'm fat and I was abused as a child. Alright, look at the family is coming to the table. Give me a kiss, honey. Hey! Do you have any food stuck between your teeth I can suck out while I kiss you? I'm starving, I haven't eaten in seconds. Hey. Alright, if we could get the first two contestants up here. We surveyed our audience the top five answers on the board to this question. What is your father hit you with? Alright. Um, Louie, a baseball bat? You know, that's the number two answer. My father hit me with a baseball bat. Alright, you have a chance to steal. Um, Louie, is it a whiskey bottle? Yes, that's a whiskey bottle. That's right. He lobbed it at my head after calling me a big fat bastard. Ah! There's that Louie Stanko! What a scream! Alright, next question. Surveyed our audience top three answers on the board. This question. What was the cruelest thing you were called in school by your little classmates that turned you into an introverted, eating freak machine? Uh, big fat tubby marshmallow cellulite? 200 pounds of chewed bubble gum ass? That's the number one answer. I never knew what the end of that was because my head was always in the gymnasium toilet after. Right when they started saying it that I had to go to the cafeteria and eat Twinkies and Ho-Ho's and feed this 450 pound job of the hut nest freak show ass. But I've turned tragedy into comedy. If you find the comedy, give me a call. Hey, we're playing the feud. Family feud. Look who it is. It's the Anderson family. My own family. Coming up. Hi, Dad. Hey, she's gonna call me a big fat tub ass lard ass again. This is great stuff, isn't it? Here comes my big fat enabling mother. Gee, thanks, Mom. Here I am in the midst of turning tragedy into comedy. Can you feel it, people? Feel the comedy. Excuse me, have I eaten in two minutes? I can't wait past my eating time. Top five answers on the board for this. When do I have to eat? Now? That's right. Now, right now. Thank you for playing the feud and I gotta eat. Thank you, Dad. I gotta tune into that. Yeah, I can't wait to see that fat Louie. I hope you enjoy that. Whoever's still listening. Tudes. With tudes. I think every time we open our mouths we're pissing someone off. Opie and Anthony. We're out of control. We're still laughing. All right, knock it off. 1027. All right, it's the worst of the Opie and Anthony show. What's happening, man? Hi, Rick. Sitting in for the guys. These damn things are never queued up correctly. Jesus Christ. If there's something you want to hear on the worst of today 2127571027. We will try and hook you up with it in terms of bits. Guys, we'll be back next Monday. That's January the 3rd. We got some great stuff lined up for next week. But you're gonna have to tune in and listen and enjoy that. In the meantime, do pick up the phone. 212-757-1027. This is Working the Lines. Looking for any requested bits. Got a request for a couple more calls for Dreamweaver. That I will tell you right now is coming up in the 4 o'clock hour. So you can just look at your watch and go, okay, sometime during 4 o'clock my favorite bit, Dreamweaver, is coming up. Reverend Al, next hour as well. And a whole lot of this stuff. Mad Dog, Saul, and even some dice gonna be worked in in just a little bit. We get to the worst of where they were talking about Buddy Epson. The third phone call was Buddy Epson. This happened right after Dana Plato died after talking to Howard. And the guys were looking to hopefully, you know, find someone who was gonna die soon so they could have the last interview. Now, more of the worst of Obi and Anthony on FM Talk at 1027. Buddy Epson. I remember him as the Jed Clampett character from the Beverly Hillbillies. Also the geriatric gumshoe Barnaby Jones, right? Also, wasn't he supposed to be the original Tin Man in The Wizard of Oz? He was allergic to the make-up or something? Allergic to the silver paint opie. The silver paint? The roll then went... Hello? Hi. Are you live on the line? Are you on the radio right now? Mrs. Livingston, yes we are. Okay, hold on. Mrs. Livingston is the courtship of Eddie's father. Hello? Buddy Epson! Yeah? Oh, you hear us today. It's Obi and Anthony. How are you today, sir? Are you the one who's been calling? Yes. Yes. You got your power on today. I couldn't hear you because you were, you know, you were sub-powered the other day. I hear you're good today. Somebody press the right button again. Absolutely, buddy. Let's make sure though. Give us a nice well doggie. A well doggie? Yeah. Well doggie! Alright, buddy. Not bad, buddy. How you been? Hello? You're doing alright, buddy? Yeah. Yeah? You're keeping busy? Oh, yeah. You know, we all remember and love you in the Beverly Hillbillies and Barnaby Jones, one of my favorites. Fantastic. You were great in that. Thank you. And not many people know you were quite the hooper in your day. That was quite the hooper. I started out in New York. You were in New York, right? Yes, New York. Well, the Amsterdam Theater, which has been renovated, I understand on 42nd Street. Yes. Well, I started open there. Really? Did you used to dance with the showgirls? 1928. Yeah. Oh, my. Now I'm painting. Oh, you paint now? Yeah. I have something new under the sun. A folk art spin-off of a classic television show painted by one of the actors, me. Really? It's called Uncle Jed Country. Uncle Jed Country? Uncle Jed Country, that's on the, you know, the, what do you call it? The fast-shelling thing. Infomercial. The what? I don't know. The website. Oh, the website. Oh, the website. Oh, the World Wide Web. Wait, you're on the World Wide Web. Uncle Jed? Yeah. You're on the World Wide Web now? No, website. Oh, website. Well, okay. www.buddy.com something like that. What? What, did you whittle a computer? What? What, did you whittle yourself a computer, buddy? I whittled myself a computer. Yeah. Hey, buddy, how old of a man are you these days? Pardon? How old of a man are you these days? Not a hundred yet. Ninety-one. Ninety-one. God bless you, buddy. Many more. Many more, buddy. You want to know the secret of my success? Yeah, what's the secret of your long life? Use it or lose it. What? Oh, buddy, that's a buddy. I believe that's an exclusive. I think our lawyers are going to want to talk to you after that line. Who wants to talk to me? Use it or lose it. Use it or lose it. Very nice. When was the last time you used it? Not too long ago. I imagine Uncle Jed heading down. When I was ninety. When you were ninety? Well, it wasn't that Miss Hathaway, was it? No. Okay. Nice to talk to you, fellas. Well, we wanted to ask you a quick question about The Wizard of Oz. Is it true that you were supposed to be the original Tilly? The Wizard of Oz. Well, I wrote a book called The Other Side of Oz. Have you seen it? No, I haven't. No. It's available at the bookstore. If they don't have it, they'll order it. All right. There's also available on the website. Which is www. buddy.com buddy.com whatever it is. You're fooling around with those numbers. You're fantastic. We'll figure that out. The other side of Oz will tell you all you want to know about Buddy Epson and a lot that you don't want to know. Uncle Jed, Uncle Jed, I got me a website. Yeah, yeah. All right, buddy. Have a good day. Good talking to you. Hey, hey, wait. You got to give us one last Well Doggy there. You ready? Yeah, we're ready. You got your recording machine? Oh, yeah. All ready. Here we go. Here we go. Well Doggy. Yeah. Buddy Epson, everyone. Thank you, buddy. Buddy? Buddy. Okay, very good. I remember talking to him a couple of years back and the Well Doggy sounded a little better. A little better? Maybe we ought to pull that one and compare the two and see how Well Buddy's doing. Maybe we can judge on how much longer he'll live by how his Well Doggy's come out. That's not a bad idea. Yeah. All right, Buddy Epson. We got a real interview that time. Yes, we do. We learned a lot there. God, if he drops it into one. Not that I would wish it on anybody, but if it's going to happen. You know, I really don't want it to happen now after we've gotten to know him a little bit. We've gotten to know him. He's part of the show, much like Ben and Earl. Right. Are you open? What is Mr. the Don't even try to figure it out. Just go along with it. Whatever. 1027. Ya da do da dee Ya da da dee Ya da dee Snarlingzy, snarlingzy I was being offensive. Ya da do da dee Dabble dee goo Greaseman, you really got to get another job because we're sick of having you on our show. Waddle daddle, please hire me. Somebody hire me, the Greaseman, for a radio show. I hear that you're looking at a job for Crayola. With Crayola, I should say. Well, actually, the Greaseman is coming out with his own line of crayons there. Racially insensitive crayons there. I looked in the paper this morning. I saw, the Greaseman saw that Crayola is removing Indian red there. Yes. From their box of crayons. Because it's not politically correct and they don't want to tick off any people. Insensitive to the Indians there. As we like to call them, the cowboy killers there. I remember as the cowboys slinging lead against the Indians, their arrows pushing over my head there. The red skin there. But yes, very, very upset about Indian red in the crayon box there. So Crayola pulled it. While they're going to continue making the color, they want people to come up with a new name for that color. Let's see. How about Kimo Sabe? Yeah. Yaddle doodle. Bone dry, bone dry. It is not politically correct, Greaseman. Well, I'm hoping to get some money with my new crayon line. Yes. Greasola crayons. Greasola crayons. Sharpen around the side. Makes the crayons as pointy as my head. Yaddle doodle, bone dry, bone dry. Now, could you name some of the crayons that you will be offering? Well, let's say a young child, a little young wave wants to draw the sun. Nice bright sun, little picture in his kindergarten class. You know what color he'd use? In the Greasola crayon set? What? Trink yellow. Yaddle doodle. Just a big circle and you'd color it in with some trink yellow. Yaddle doodle. And of course, you can't complete the scene without maybe some flowers basking in the heat of that trink yellow sun. Well, that would be nice. Sure. Right, so you draw some tulips. And of course, you use homo pink. Homo pink. A shade of pink loved by bone smugglers everywhere. Yaddle doodle. Doodle die. How about Polish purple? Polish purple sounds neat. Polish purple. Why Polish purple though? Well look, it's green. Little doodle die. The crazy polox can't get the colors right there. Oh my. Hick, lick green. Hick green. Gets the color of the shamrocks. That's right. Hick green, hick green, bone dry, bone dry, yeah. Yadda dadda. Wow. And of course, I have brown. Of course. And then of course, I have this special Italian crayon there. Look, it's a grease pencil. Greasy little dago pencil. Yadda diddle doodle die. Bone dry, bone dry. I'm being removed from my seat. By CBS Brass. Oh, it's happening again there. Whoa. Yadda dadda. Oh, the studio again. Oh, look at that. CBS Brass has dragged him out again. He's going to go back on his apology tour. Grease-ola crayon. Grease-ola crayon. Boy, that's kind of cute, huh? A little insensitive there. Big time. All right. The Opie and Anthony Show. Throwing that jumping all over each other. Okay, terrific. I-N-E-W. You know, for years, I've tried to call this radio station. It would be busy for hours. But now nobody's calling because nobody listens to you because Opie and Anthony suck. That's the funniest thing I've ever heard in my life. What's the matter? What's the matter? We made fun of you, Bill Clinton. What's the matter? You wish you were Monica, don't you? Why, it's the rock and roll again. Shut up. We've had enough of this. We've had enough of this. We've had enough of this. We've had enough of this. Shut up. We've had it with you. Kiss my ass. You're the same person that called last week to say you're not listening. And you're listening. Bye-bye. Bye. It's beyond moronic. What's up, moronic? Opie and Anthony 1027. N-E-W complaints. Yeah, hi. I want to complain about these two idiots who are in drive time. I've been listening to the station since the day it came on the air. I want to work with you, sir. What seems to be your problem with these gentlemen? They just had a woman on the phone who called us to complain about foul language. Right. And they're telling her, don't worry, you'll keep listening and we'll keep pissing you off. What is that? And you don't think that's right for them to put on somebody that wants to voice a legitimate complaint? To put them on the air. To put them on the air like that. A woman that calls to complain about language. And she degrades them. You feel like it degrades the caller and makes them seem stupid. It absolutely does. And not only that, I mean, forgetting for a minute about the po- Right. Yes, continuously. The station has gone downhill. That's it. Opie and Anthony. Is this the best radio you guys can come up with? 1027. All righty, it is the worst of the year. It's the worst of the year. It's the worst of the year. All righty, it is the worst of the Opie and Anthony show. Happening all week this week. Hopefully you guys are enjoying your vacation. If you are on a vacation, if you celebrate Christmas, I should say. Hopefully everybody got some good stuff. I know I did. And I'm going to hook you guys up with some more good stuff throughout the entire week. While we do this worst of for the Opie and Anthony show. The guys will be back on Monday, so never fear. They haven't been fired or anything. Everything's going good so far. Well, we'll see you guys next time. Well, as far as we know. But, yeah, if you got a request for the worst of today, 2127571027. Spaz will take your request. And why don't we just get right back to it, shall we? As Saul, the guy who sues everybody about one thing or another, calls in this time, it's about the gay pride parade that he attended. Today, you're stuck with the worst of Opie and Anthony. On FM Talk at 1027. I hear there's a guy on the line that got very injured. The gay pride parade. I was very injured at the gay pride parade. Yesterday, huh? So what happened to you? I went down there because it was for gay pride. But I thought it was, they were happy. Like in the Flintstones song, we'll have a gay all time. So you thought it would be very fast if people would be just having a happy time. Oh, I was wrong. Boy, the weather yesterday was the Triple H's. What do you mean the Triple H's? Hazy, hot and home-off. I didn't know. Oh, I wanted to march in the parade. So I just joined in. And a young man said, march in front of me. I'll bring up your rear. And oh, he did. And I started chanting with the rest of them. Because I didn't know. We're here. We're queer. We're fabulous. Get used to us. We're here. We're queer. That didn't go over too well. No. Then I went on one of the rides they had set up. What do you mean they had rides at the gay pride parade? Richard Gere's Tunnel of Terror. Ugh. It's like a slide, but you dress up like a gerbil. And slide in. And I was banged about on some faux intestines. Ugh. And I had just gotten back from England. So I got used to calling cigarettes fags. So I was going around going, hey, give me a fag. I need a fag in my mouth now. I said, look, I'm dying for a nice big fag to suck on. And all of a sudden this grown man puts his stuff in my face. Ugh. I could imagine my shock. Yeah, how was it? Suing for that. So I ducked out into a bar. All the stools were upside down. That old gag. But I did find some lovely ladies in there. Oh, ladies at the gay pride parade. Well, I'm quite disturbed. I was making time with them and making out at the bar. Oh, yeah. This poor girl, though, she had something in her throat that she couldn't swallow because it was making a lump in front. I was going at it. That was a dude. Ugh. Because then I saw something twitching in her dress. So I picked up a bottle and hit it. And she punched me. I thought it was a rat. Oh. Then some man asked if he could push in my stool for me. That old gag. So I ran out of there and caught the parade, more of the parade. I saw the baton twirlers. They were spinning the batons. But you should see how they catch these things. How do they catch them? Well, put it this way. They could do a handstand and catch it. Because that's what they were doing. Ugh. All I know is I maybe had too much to drink and I woke up dressed as the Indian from the Village People with my ass burning in a place called the Piledriver. Ugh. So I'm suing all involved. I'm very injured. I can't sit down. God damn it. All right. Well, I'm sorry to hear that you got injured at the gay pride parade. Are you done? I'm done. All right. There goes the guy that got injured at the gay pride parade. Where the hell did Anthony go? He missed a note. Oh. My. Anthony. My. Producer. With. My. Spare. My. My. The Opie and Anthony Show. 1027. I see in the paper Jessica Schuyler's. Jessica Sklar. Sklar. Whatever. Jessica Hoor. Hoor. That's what she is. I don't care what her last name is all dirty. It's Jessica Hoor. She's banging Jerry Seinfeld. Mr. Comedy Penis. Huh? Did she, did she got married? Went on a honeymoon. Mr. Husband and then started going out with Seinfeld. Three weeks they were on their honeymoon. They get back. She starts working out at the gym. She meets Jerry. Huh. How you doing, Jerry? Oh yeah. And she couldn't resist the comedy of Jerry Seinfeld and took off with the guy. But it turns out it's not the first time this has happened. What do you mean? In her case? No, no, in Jerry's case. Oh yeah. Well, a Long Island classmate. I read about this. Seinfeld stole my date. How big of a loser does this guy have to be? This guy's from Massapequa. Went to Massapequa High School with Jerry. Johnny Spuds Marino. Does he know Johnny Action? Johnny Spuds Marino still hasn't forgiven the comic for stealing his prom date in junior year. This guy, it turns out, didn't even ask this girl to the prom. Right. He wasn't dating her. He wasn't dating her. They were not dating. They weren't a couple or anything. He was looking to ask her out to the prom and Jerry asked her first. And this guy's holding a grudge that Jerry stole his Sherry Goldstein away from. Right. She wanted the comedy penis. When Jerry came in, even back then I was dressing it up like Costanza. It was a little Costanza. I put hair on top of it and said, look, it's Kramer. He lied. Yeah, Seinfeld beat him to it. You know what's really disturbing about this article though? They started asking people, I guess around Massapequa, about Jerry being now engaged to be married. Sophomores, Allison and this other girl, Karen, 15 and 14. They're asking high school kids? Yeah. Distraught over the news, Jerry would finally wed. I really love him, the girl said. I don't want him to get married. He'll be unavailable. Jerry's cruising Massapequa High School looking for these two girls. I wouldn't doubt it. 14 and 15. I got Pokemon cards. Pokemon, honey. Well, she can't resist. Because she's so cool. You don't come back after three weeks on your honeymoon. You know, she's probably still got the bridal gown on to be filed by Jerry. Jerry and his funny penis. Hey! Here she goes. Jerry, the penis in her to for coffee down at the diner. Kramer's going to slide in the door and go, oh, sorry, Jerry. I didn't know you're banging the bride. I'll come back later. All right? That qualifies as a whore. Happy honeymoon, huh? Ink ain't dry on the wedding certificate. And she's banging. Hey, Jerry, you nail her in the bridal gown. Would you wait for her to take that off, huh? I now pronounce you man and wife. You may now hob Jerry Seinfeld's love. Huh? Whore! That qualifies. She throws the bouquet and catches the funny man's penis. How about a little downtime, sweetie? Huh? Whore! Something old, something new, something borrowed and... And she blew right in! What kind of broad does this? Three weeks, she comes back, oh, I need to go. Thank you for the wedding. Thanks for the honeymoon. I need the comedy Seinfeld penis. Yeah, take it, honey. If I was this clown, I'd crack Jerry in the head. Yeah, you want the whore? Take the whore. And you take that with you too, huh? I'd kick him right where it counts, right in his little castanza. Little bald-headed castanza, huh? Whore! Wow, there's no dice to stop him. And they quite well, the show needed it today, huh? You need a little comedy and this is topical. Hatching the news, I'm doing new stuff, Jerry in his wacky slum. Eee! So here comes my wacky penis, people. I'm Jerry Seinfeld, I'm getting 28-year-old broads. I'm 45, huh? Because I got a comedy penis. Look at it. Let me, I'll just, I'll just unship my comedy pants. There you go, honey. Look at it. Oh yeah. That's the funniest penis around. Here it comes. Oh yeah. Look at it walking. It's going to the diner for some good table, huh? You pissed the sugar penis. Yeah, piss it. Yeah. Huh? I'm trying with cream, all right? Eee! Huh! Eee! Hey, Dice, do you dress up the Seinfeld penis like anything special? He dresses it like George. Except with the glasses it's a monocle. Because it's the one-eyed George, huh? With his friends, the balls. They're going out for coffee. I dress mine up in a little dice jacket. Eee! Opie. What is it going to take for us to piss you off to the point where you're going to change the station? That's what I need to know. Shove it. Anthony. Boy, it sure is easy to be a fag on it, so isn't it? That's going to be trouble. Opie. And Anthony. We just received a Ph.D. in stupidity. 1027. All righty, it is the worst of Opie and Anthony. What's happening, man? This is Rick, the producer of the show, hanging in with you guys all this week. The guys will be back on Monday after their long and much-needed vacation. Got any suggestions for today's show or maybe tomorrow's or later on in the week? Feel free to give a call, 2127571027. All right. Quick music break. Here's a Metallica. Opie and Anthony. Cuddlingus and psychiatry. Born after this. On FM Talk at 1027. The talk you can't ignore. Hey, where's the vote for Anthony? Who's this? This is Nate. Nate, what do you want to hear, man? How about the QVC guy? I mean, the QVC guy. Oh, the QVC guy? Yeah. All right, you got it, man. Here's QVC virgins. You deserve the best. Looks like it'd be a lot of work. Here's the worst of Opie and Anthony. On FM Talk at 1027. What do you think the QVC guy sounds like selling virgins or 22-year-old virgins? We talked about the guys from QVC before. They're always selling the Beanie Babies and memorabilia sports stuff. Yeah, they have the tough sounding voices. Oh, the guy. The one guy yelling all the time, virgins, 22-year-old virgins. Order now. These are going to go fast. Look at this one. Let's bring it up. Let's open her up. We like to do this every so often. You're not going to find anything better than this, people. Limited time and you get a Mark Maguire rookie card with every one. 22-year-old virgin Maguire rookie card. We're giving them away $22. That's a dollar a year. 22-year-old virgins. Look, I can't get anything in here. We're talking you won't be able to tell the difference between the front or the back. It's like two balloon knots. Wow, what the hell. And you get Flopsy Wopsy, the Beanie Baby that's been discontinued since 92. A Maguire rookie card, a Sosa rookie card, and a 22-year-old virgin. They're going to go fast, people. Look, I'm trying. I can't get anything in here. Take it home. Work it. Limited edition. Did you hear? Limited edition. For the love of God. Mopi and Anthony, 1027. Now, more of the worst of Mopi and Anthony on FM Talk at 1027. The talk you can't ignore. No justice, no peace. No justice, no peace. Reverend Allen, I didn't know you were going to make a visit to our show today. I am plugging my website. Yeah, I see that. Yeah, hallelujah. We've entered cyberspace where we are not victims of racism. There ain't no race in cyberspace. My website is presently under construction like the Apollo Theater. I need your contributions, please. So crawl out from the pressure you're under and email Reverend Allen your credit card number. No justice, no peace. Yeah, I hear that. This is a wonderful website that I have. Well, tell us a little bit about it. Well, if the cops shoot up your house, tell Reverend Allen with a click of the mouse. It's going to be a nerve center of the community. That's right. Even if you're in jail, you can get Reverend Allen's email. Praise the Lord. Reverend Allen's in cyberspace. I also have my line of hair care products and shellac online that you can purchase. It comes in the same bottle, so don't be discouraged. You can also download my spinning medallion screensaver. It's a wonderful screensaver, that big Volkswagen hubcap medallion you always see your Reverend Allen wear. Well, I'm going to go do that right now. Yeah. All right. My brother is an Uncle Tom. Report him to me at reverendal.com. That's right, people. Praise the Lord. Reverend Allen's in cyberspace. Hallelujah. Is that going to be a lot of fun, too, online? Well, I hope so. I got online games on the reverendal.com. I can only imagine what type of games you got in cyberspace. Well, you can download Tawana Raiders 3, where you guide Tawana Brawley through a maze of racist, rapist, politicians, judges, and police officers, all the while trying to make yourself a legitimate activist in the community. Watch. Let me boot that up now. All right. All right. Whoa, there we go. Whoa, look out, Tawana. Oh, look, I just nailed Steven Begonis. Look at that, sorry. Oh, there goes the DA. Look, I'm making ground now. Oh, damn. Damn. Oh, I'm going to be a good guy. I'm going to be a good guy. I'm going to be a good guy. I'm going to be a good guy. I'm going to be a good guy. I'm going to be a good guy. I was doing so well, but I fell into the rabble-rousing, trouble-making, race-beta-lion sack-pit-a-doom. Why, I always make that same mistake on my way to the Senate. Damn. Wow. Well, all this fun can be yours at ribbonow.com. And that address again, www.fyd.com. That's right. That's right. Praise Jesus. No justice. No peace. Ah. I have been vindicated. All right. There he goes, everyone. Revernow. Wow. We haven't had Revernow on the show in a long time. He is pumped up about that website. He is running down the hallway right now. Sounds like fun. I want to play Tawana Raiders 3. Opie Anthony. Opie Anthony. 1027. Hey, we're some Opie Anthony. Who's this? Hey, this is Dave from the South. Dave, what do you want to hear, man? How about the Revernow fact? Yeah. Yeah, I can definitely do that, dude. That would be sweet. All right. Here it is, man. Thanks, bro. Now, more of the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk at 1027. Look who's coming through the door, Anthony. Huh? Revernow coming through the door, Anthony. Oh, really? I think he has some commentary on the Danny Glover, uh, blocks can't get cabs in New York. Does he? I believe so. Well, there's his music. And here he comes through the door, everyone. Revernow! Outrage! I am outraged! Outrage! Way out of lesbian! Who gives a crap about no taxi cab? I can't believe that that oldie from Muskogee wouldn't show up in this. What the hell's going on? I don't know, man. And Rick sounds like a goddamn pervert, man. Rick's more disgusting than the movie. Hey, Revernow, you want to see some white boobies? Well, I like to stick to my black sisters. Yeah. But what the hell? All right. Since she's here, let's see some dairy. Oh, yeah! Yeah, baby. Revernow like that. That's why Revernow likes coming here. There you go. To Opie and Anthony's show. But I'm outraged! Now, what are you outraged about today? Why can't a black man get a taxi cab in New York City? I don't know. Our own black girl had trouble early in the program. Yeah. Your Reverend Al has been turned down trying to get a taxi cab. I can't get to dinner! I'm out of range! Revernow's got to be fed. Stop that call, you towel head! I am starting my own taxi cab service for the community. Oh, yeah? Revernow's Black Sea Cab! Serving in the Bronx and Harlem and certain parts of Brooklyn. Unlike the white cab, Revernow's Black Sea Cab will not be crowned victorious. No, no, no, no, no, no. They are modified Bradley armored fighting vehicles. That's right. Wear comfort of bounds and they can take a few rounds. When you get in, you get a message of safety from Revernow. Okay. Welcome, buckle up and put on your proper winter flak jacket. And remember, no shooting inside the vehicle due to winter shade. Thank you. Have a nice trip on Revernow's Black Sea Cab. See, the white folks cab is equipped with what? Ample trunk space. Your Reverend Al's cab? When 50 millimeter cannons were traced around and Stinger anti-aircraft missiles. To clear the way to your destination. That's right. Revernow's Black Sea Cab, our motto, the engine's loud and the pain is faded. But sit back and relax, we're armor plated. So I'll be bringing those into the community very shortly if you send your donations to Revernow at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. Thank you. I am Henry. Alright, there he goes. Revernow everyone. Where's that southern hick bitch? Take your top off. I am Henry. There he goes. Revernow. Boy, he's angry. He's a little angry, Revernow. I think he's more angry about the prude not getting top, who wouldn't be? That brings the races together, doesn't it? It's good to know we can agree on something, right Anthony? Absolutely. O.B. O.B. O.B. Anthony. 1-0-2-7 Why is the white man always picking on me? No justice, no peace! Revernow, he looks like James Brown with too many calories. Now why is the white man always picking on me? There's a birdie kiss in the broadleaf case. Turn on the TV, you would always see his face. He's speeding in his limo to another homicide. To make the network news with the family by his side. Revernow, Revernow, he's so proud. Revernow, he'll never end his life for some good publicity. Why is the white man always picking on me? Revernow, I'm Revernow. Revernow, I'm Revernow. He's hungry, I'm hungry. Revernow, he will represent your family and he's doesn't charge a fee. Not as long as the footage makes it on the TV. Revernow, I'm Revernow. Revernow, I'm your pal. That's right, Revernow. I'm Revernow. He's a race face, white hate, spaggels full on me. Now why is the white man always picking on me? Revernow, I'm Revernow. I'm Revernow. I'm your pal. Revernow. Opie and Anthony. We got these illiterates off the airplane. We suck. If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen. 1027 All right, this is the worst of the Opie and Anthony show. First day of the week. It's Monday. Couple days after Christmas. Hopefully everybody had a good Christmas. New Year's is coming up this year. Let's see if Puffy and Jennifer can stay out of jail. What asses. Jesus Christ. It says enough about society, huh? The black guy and the Puerto Rican chick going to jail. For gun possession. What can you do? Anyhow, it's the worst of Opie and Anthony. Any requests for the show 2127571027. We'll see if we can hook you up. Got tons of requests for this one. Tons. One of the most requested bits for today. Basically any worst of. It's Dreamweaver. That's right, by request. So let's get it done now, shall we? The Dreamweaver bit on the worst of Opie and Anthony. Today, you're stuck with the worst of Opie and Anthony. On FM Talks at 1027. It used to pick up a little CB horse. This is... Come on, man. Remember the big CB radio craze? I was like in my early teens. And it was a way to get girls, you know? Yeah. Like, um... Breaker, Breaker19. I had good body. Yeah, um... Breaker for a radio check. You're coming in 3 by 4, good buddy. Thank you. And then you're sitting there like, what else can I say? I'm 10, 10, 10, 8 on the side waiting for you, good buddy. There. Because I didn't drive, so what was the use? You're just sitting in there. I'm double nickels all the way. Looking out for the Smokies. Oh, look at that. We got some pretty seat covers here today. Down the old black patch keeper between the ditches, good buddy. Yeah, well, all right. I did that. What else can I say? I'm just on the CB. What was your handle on? Oh, I gotta explain this. This just never... Explaining never works on this show, does it? I was living in California at the time. And I was very equestrian. I had a horse. And I used to ride. And my handle, because I ran a rent string. This guy had a rent string, so he used to take these Marines from Camp Pendleton that wanted to be a cowboy for the weekend, and guide them up in the hills. So I was like the guide. And I'd take them up there and then go down, back down the hill and get the next batch and bring them up. And so I was the wrangler with you. Hey, good buddy, you got the wrangler. Good buddy. The foot wrangler. Ah, shut up! What was your handle? Diamond dust. Diamond dust? Fag! What's diamond dust? It wasn't the horse, it was the wrangler. A wrangler was a guy on a horse that got together the livestock. Diamond dust? Hey, you got the diamond dust. Hello, diamond dust. Butt plug, you out there? Good buddy. Go ahead with your little cute story. What? Got your gears on? This here's rubber duck. Big Tim, come on. You shake the trees, I'll rake the leaves, good buddy. Big Tim, for sure, for sure. Oh, God. God. Ah, shut this off. Yeah, we definitely got the front door. Yeah. We got us a con boy. I was a kid looking for chicks. Were you in a roller skate? Hey, is it? There's a chick in a roller skate. Uh oh. Hey, take her down to Double Nichols up by the interstate, good buddy. We got a Kodak with a Kodak. Good buddy, taking pictures. Giving away invitations. Be back. I got to go 10-100. Did you see any Tijuana taxis out there? We got us a peepo on the taxi. Whoa, I just got passed by a crazy man on a crotch rocket. He went on a chop, called the Smokies. Ah, come on, everybody. All right, all right. Meet you out at the choking puke. All right, the Wrangler. Well, explain the rest of your story. So then there was this girl that I used to communicate with on the city. She was in a citizens band. And her handle was Dreamweaver. You dick. Rick had to get the song and everything. Dreamweaver. Dreamweaver, this is the Wrangler. You got your ears on? And she sounded hot. So I invited her down to ride horses. It's a key, ladies and gentlemen. She sounded hot. What did he look like? Shut up! So I was all excited for my little date. And I saddled up my horse and the other horse. And kind of shut up. Dreamweaver, we'll meet you down at the stable at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. This is the Wrangler, over and out. Dreamweaver. The whole style. You're an ass, man. So I saddled up my horse. I spent time brushing the horses, making sure they looked all good and everything. And I saddled up the other horse and I take the reins and put her on the saddle horn. I'm kind of trailering the other horse, you know. Down to meet her by the riverbed. Where we were going to ride. Well, she comes walking up. And I see kind of in the distance. I'm like, okay, that must be her. Now, you did say that you had the tent and everything and you're hoping to score in the woods, right? Yeah, yeah. I packed like a whole thing. Saddle bags are all packed up with a couple of beers. And I have bedrolls and a tent just in case things went well because we had a bunch of hills to ride up in. I'm going to camp out with my Dreamweaver. Dreamweaver, tell your mom you're going to be spending the night, Dreamweaver. Tell her you're at a friend's house because we're going to camp out. This is the ringer. Over and out of 10-10-10-8. On the side, Dreamweaver. Looking forward to my little date. Yeah. Well, she comes up. Even before I was gravely disappointed, the horse that had a carrier looked pissed. I wasn't sure if I should take the saddle onto the horse, put it on her and let the horse ride her. Dreamweaver. She was huge. All right. Yes, I was gravely disappointed. Dreamweaver, are you a Wrangler? Yes. Please don't be Dreamweaver. I'm Dreamweaver. All right, let's go for a ride. So we went up and down the riverbed for about an hour. I was like, oh, look at the time. Here I had bedrolls on the back of this thing. I was paw-eating. I was paw-ingles going up to a walnut grove. I was going to go over the river for a week to go get supplies for the family. I mean, I had this thing packed out like a pack mule. I was like a prospector. I had crap hanging off the horses. Oh, look at the time. I was ready to rock. I had firearms. I was going to hunt for food. I realized looking at it, I'd need to beg a moose. So yeah, we used to hunt. I was feeding rabbits and stuff. Feeding our would be forget about it. Gee, okay. No, there's not many bison left on the plane. I can live off your thigh for a couple of weeks. I can't breathe. Oh, it was horrid. I was so disappointed because she's paw-ing that she, you know, oh, yeah. I look like Tatum O'Neil. Yeah, sure you do. Great. So I let her, yeah, I let her off. And she rode off into the distance. You didn't do the drive-by? How are you going to do a drive-by on horseback? Well, I'm the only guy with two horses, one empty. You wrangled? No. No, just looking for another girl. You should have tried to meet her in town or something, did the drive-by. The whole thing was riding up like Clint's frigging eastward, dude. I had the whole look. You've got to remember something. I was a kid, I'm like maybe 13 years old, and this was mid-70s. I had cowboy attire on. Believe me, this was in San Juan Capistrano, California, a very equestrian town. Used to ride, this was what we did, you know? And I'm like, I had firearms on me. I swear to God, I had a pistol just in case I had a fight for her honor, for any bandoleros. Meanwhile, they'd have been, you keep her. Leave no honor, maybe she could pull the wagon. Oh man. But this was like, I was so pumped up for this, and so was she. Pumped up. But yeah, it was very disappointing. But, to bring it all back to the beginning of the story, she was a girl. All right. I haven't laughed at her in a while, my eyes are teared. The song brings back memories every time I hear it. I gotta tell you, to this day, when I hear Dreamweaver, I think of the whole day, how happy I was in sight, and how disappointed I was riding back to the ranch that day. Oh, that's funny. All right, very good story. Thank you. You're welcome. It's beyond Moronic. Birdbark. What's up, Moronic? OBAC, 1027. George Steinbrenner was a drug. What the me- Oh, it's not the old boss of all. 1978, we wanted to crack some skulls and fire someone. I want to remember the George Steinbrenner, like the little clay nation figure in the Lipton ice tea commercial. Where it's like, you know, where the babe is like, I'm naked, Reg. You know? And he fires Billy Martin. You're Billy, you're fired. That's the old George. Not this whining, blubbering, blubbering, I don't know what he was. Well, can I give my analogy again? What did George look like last night? He looked like the retarded kid at the fair after he was just told the retarded kid that he can't have another corn dog. Did you see him staring at the big World Series trophy? Yeah. This is the best team ever. And what about him crying because what's his name? He's giving him the trophy and he's known him for so long. I accept it from you, this man of no- 21. He was a mess. And you know who he looked like? Yeah, Corky. Like Corky grows up. He looked just like Steinbrenner did last night. Like Corky from Life Goes On. We're the champions of the World Series. We're the world champions. We're the world champions. Give me the shiny trophy. Give it to me. We're the champions. Champions of the baseball. We win. Give me the trophy. My name is George. They call me George. I'm the Yankee. I'm the winner of the Yankees. Winner of the baseball. Corky Steinbrenner. I felt bad for him. He looked all weird. His face was all distorted. I told you we won that. We win the World Series. We get spoken. Hi George. Take the trophy. I lost it. You lost it. George. It's okay, George. To top it off, he's dressed like crazy. He's got the white coat on like in the blazer. The Yankees are insane. Crazy George. We're practically giving them away. Take Bernie Williams. Take the stadium. I'm giving it all away. I'm insane. I heard that. Did we win the baseball game? Oh my goodness. Corky. Big club, nigga. We won the baseball game. I got... ...a good one. My name is George. I won the Yankee. We won the baseball game. We won the baseball game. We won the... ...the... ...the Yankees. My name is George. I won the Yankees. The Yankees. I'm happy I'm a fan. Man up, man up. You're the best. You're the best. You're the best. You're the best. You're a mess. My name is George. We won the baseball game. Corky Steinbrenner. I.N.E.W. Oh, hi. I just have to tell you guys with us. You are so hysterically funny. I don't want to make fun of retarded people, but that was just terrible. We're making fun of George. I know. As early as you are, you're the first person that explains about that. It's coming, trust me. I know. Love that laugh. Thank you. Bye. We won the Yankee. We won the Yankee. We won the Yankee. We won the Yankee. We won the baseball game. Have a condom, please. Give me a cup. Anybody want condoms? Anyone want condoms? Give me a condom. Anybody want a beer? You guys need to be on TV right now. Have a condom. I can't even believe he's blind! This is sicker than faces of death! You deserve the best, but that'd be a lot of work. Here's the worst. You deserve the best, but that'd be a lot of work. You deserve the best, but that'd be a lot of work. Here's the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk at 1027. Anytime we can talk about OJ real fast. Yeah, OJ back in the news, huh? With a 911 call. Let's check out the 911 call. Alright. This is Kate Perry, police and fire. Where's your emergency? We have a call here. I'm trying to get a girl to go to rehab. Miss Northbrook with Pedro's Roads here. Anybody need rest here? We've been doing drugs for two days with Pedro Carrero, who just got a residence. She's on cocaine, and I'm trying to get her to leave her out and go into rehab right now. Is anybody getting anyone right now? No. Does anybody have any weapons? No. Does anybody need rest? No. That's my favorite! Anybody have any weapons? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Not this time. Not this time. She had to ask if anyone was getting hit or hurt or if he has weapons. Does the woman have another mouth under her mouth now that's really bloody? No, not this time. I gotta hear that again. She had to ask if anybody was getting hit or hurt or if he has weapons? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Does anybody have any weapons? No, no. Does anybody have any weapons? No. Does anybody have any weapons? Does anybody have any weapons? She doesn't need a rest. She doesn't need a rest. Alright, hold on. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Now don't get started on that again. No, no. No weapons, that's in the golf bag. I mean, I don't know where the knife is. That's in the lake in Chicago. Don't make me get on the plane. Oh, I cut my knuckle on the 9 when I was dying on 9-1-1. That's where the blood's from. I swear. Where's Robert Kardashian? Help me, please. It's like, nope. I want a tool. No, no, no, don't think that. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I love don't make me get the Bronco. Now, what does he do? Does he call 9-1-1 back? Oh no, 9-1-1 calls his home, I believe. I guess they were disconnected or something and then 9-1-1 usually calls back. Okay, so here's the segment. Hello, OJ house. Hello? This is the juice. Now what happened? I don't know. You hear OJ going, I want you to call the police. I had a hit over the head with the phone receiver and disconnected. I like them. This is the police department. No, she left and I don't know what to do about it. I'm frustrated. This guy, Pedro Guerrero, got arrested for having 15 keys of cocaine here recently. This girl has spent the last two days doing drugs with him. Me and a friend just came over and said, you're going into a rehab. She got mad. She just got in her car. She drives a Mercedes. She lives in the cross-strait. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. She's got a car. It's gonna be a comedy routine. I believeChristina  What Joe calls 911. I don't want to... if you call 911 because diagnosis data please photocopy that neut mean the downloading paper was wrong. He already did, you should only worry about... gives you access to all of the data that wij monitor the photos, rather than copying 9-1-1? 9-1-1, what's your emergency? Hello, do you have Prince Albert in a can? Uh, what do you mean? Do you have Prince Albert in a can? Uh, yes, we do. Well, you better let him out before he suffocates. That's the O.J. Simpson 9-1-1 comedy tape. All of yours now! He's a poet! Hello, is this 9-1-1? Yes. Do you have 10 pound balls? Uh, yes, we do. How do you walk? You skipped a best of O.J. Simpson. I gotta go now, I gotta find Prince Albert. I gotta find him. He's all concerned. Man, is he bored, huh? Oh, man. I was hoping he would do the famous butt plug-up. Hello, 9-1-1? Yes. I'm looking for Michael Hunt. Is he there? He goes by the name of Mike. You've been going so long with your favorite murderer, all the time. Is that O.J.? 9-1-1? Yes. Uh, butt plug. Bug box? Butt plug. What are you looking for? Butt plug, butt plug. That'll make me cut your throat, mother... Does O.J. do any character voices on his prank call tape? Kind of like the Jerky Boys? I'll come down there with my toolbox. I'll bash your head in with a ratchet. Or a knife. I'm O.J. Oops, I just cut myself on a piece of foam rubber. I better fly to Chicago. Oh, man. That's the O.J. Simpson 9-1-1 comedy tape. All of yours now. Freaking O.J., man. He's back. I like him. Thank God. It's kind of like a car wreck in the highway. You're going to have to turn this in to see what the hell these idiots are doing next. We refuse to be responsible. So don't screw yourself. We refuse to be responsible. Hello? Hello? How you doing? Okay. You're calling about the job. Right. What's your experience in this field? I worked for a landscaper for like three years. Before that, I mowed the lawn at my house and stuff. I did the edging, the last job I was on. I did the edger. I did the bushes with the clippers. You know how to work that big blower thing? I never got to use that thing, the blower. No. But you know how to trim bush? I know how to trim the bushes and I know how to work the edger thing. What's the biggest bush you've ever trimmed? Pretty big. Was it like a 70s earth mama moth or? Like a what? 70s earth mama moth. It's a little lingo in the business. Like a hedge. I don't know what they were called. Was it like a bush that was shaped in the shape of a Hitler mustache? Like a Hitler mustache? No. Like a hedge. No, like big though. Like round. It was like a nice landing strip? Like whenever anything custom had to do, my boss did it, Manny. Can you handle the big cans? What, carrying stuff? Yeah, we fill them up and put them in the truck, you know what I mean? Like handling the big cans. Yeah, I can carry that stuff. I can carry anything. So you're good with cans? Yeah. Then you're good at blowing? I told you I never did the blowing machine. But you're willing to learn how to blow? Yeah. Oh, that's very nice. Right. Good. Yeah, I'll use that. Where do I go down? Like, do I have to fill out an application or anything or mail something in? It says something here about an address. Yeah, you got the address there? Yeah. Okay, good, good. And what's your name? Can I get your name? Yeah, John Huber. Hi, John. Yeah, my name's John Toot. Yeah, if you could possibly maybe, I don't know, put some of the bush clippings in an envelope and send it in, that would help us out to see what type of bush you've been trimming. In an envelope? Should I bring it down there or just put it in an envelope? Yeah, just mail it to the address actually with some of your, you know, what different ones or just one type? Your qualifications. Actually, what I would do is make it like a collage, you know, with all the bush you've trimmed over the years, if you still had that laid around. Right. And I don't have a laying around. I don't take the crap home. Well, well, you know, we have higher ups too, and they just want to see some kind of foliage. So if I get cardboard. Yeah, get some cardboard. And glue like the different things on it and just put it in one of them big envelopes so I can mail it in and you can check it out. Yeah, and just like label, you know, which is which. All the different bushes that I've done? Yeah. All right. All right. All right, mail it in there. Should I put my name in any of those? Yeah, like, yeah, put your name and a phone number we can reach you. So we'll take a look at your work and then we'll call you back. All right. It's going to be a pretty big piece of cardboard though. We're looking at, you know, three feet by about three feet. All right. I don't know if that's going to run to mail, but. All right, John. Three foot. Yeah. Yeah. Like a big like one of the things from school, like construction paper, like the old bags. Yeah. Yeah. Can I fold it? Oh, no, that affects the foliage. All right. Yeah. Just find a big envelope. All right. If you want, you can bring it down personally. Just go to the address on the ad there. OK. All right. All right. Your name's Sean. Yeah. Just look for me. All right, John. All right, man. All right. Thanks a lot. All right. All right. Bye. Come on. I could hold it in. Come on. That can't be real. No way. There's no way that could be real. That was a put on. No one could be that stupid. If that was real, we just talked to the stupas man alive. Opie Anthony. And then today, someone get this head out of my nose. One to seven. All right. It's the worst of open Anthony. What's happening, man? This is Rick, the producer of the show hanging with you on today's worst of any suggestions. I've got a few spots to fill here. Make sure you give a call to one two seven five seven one oh two seven. We'll see if we can get those on for you. Spaz is working the phones. Try not to run into the door this time, Spaz. All right. Freaking kid ran straight into the door. Unbelievable. Later on, we still have a mad dog with Jeter and Piazza coming up. Anthony and the beautiful people will throw in some bits here and there and looking for more requests. So make sure you give a call to one two seven five seven one oh two seven. We will try and get them on for you. In the meantime, take a quick music break. Remember in between any song or any two songs, always a bit. All right. So don't go anywhere. His Pearl Jam. Any W. Now more of the worst of Opie and Anthony on FM Talk at one oh two seven. The talk you can't ignore. This is the story of six strangers hit to live together in a house and have their lives taped. Find out what happens when they stop being polite and start getting tiny. Real world, Midget Town. Listen, Binky, I don't like it when you talk down to me. You belittle me. You make me feel two feet tall. Well, I have some news for you, Chi Chi. You are two feet tall. Me, she used to work in a circus and he's all like, oh, I used to ride on a pony and I used to drive a wind up Volkswagen. And I'm like, midget, get over yourself. I think the problem here is that they're all a little jealous of me because I come from the entertainment industry. I was in the circus. I don't know if I mentioned that to you. And also for a number of years, I played Snuggles the Fabric Softener Bear. As you need to understand, is that going to Six Flags Great Adventure is a waste. We're dwarves. We can't get on any of the friggin rides. Well that's where you're wrong, Chi Chi, because we can do a lot at Great Adventure. We can get on that thing that looks like a worm that goes in a circle. It's like a worm wearing a hat. It's like a green plastic thing, but it goes in a circle. It goes up and down a little bit. We can get on that. We can get on the boats, little boats. You know those boats, they go in a circle around in a little pool of water there. And they have bells on the front of them. They have bells. And if you pull on the string, you can ring the bell. So shut up. Hey, what are you guys doing? We were just going to go out and throw rocks at people, you know, for staring at us. That sounds good. Sounds like a lot of fun. By the way, I'm gay. Whoa, that really caught me off guard. I didn't know he was gay. Because I thought I was gay, but I really wasn't sure. So when he said, I'm gay, I'm like, put that together with being a midget. I got enough on my plate here. That's tonight on Real World Midget Town. Toby and Anthony. Oh, those guys are fast! 1027. Toby. I'm all for violence sometimes. Anthony. Hey, you guys are a bunch of pushy. God, I want to punch you in the face. Better leave a bruise. 1027. Uh, Aunt was hanging out with the beautiful people last night. Why was I out of place? What the hell are you hanging out with the beautiful people? You see them in the paper all the time, these like big to-do parties. Parties? Sure, sure. You see all the celebrities, you know, they... Why didn't the paparazzi get a picture of you? I think they got a picture of Madonna. You were at the same party as Madonna last night, dude. I'm moving and shaking, dude. Yeah, where's the article? This isn't the Anthony I know. Well, first of all, I was stood up by Rick and Ben. We were supposed to go to the party, right? We were all going to go and just go fun, everybody, everything. It was a party for Mark Gollin, Details Magazine. His first issue under his leadership. So funny, I mean, the pomp and circumstance, the whole big laser light show outside the place, lights, the music. We were hanging with Puff Daddy. Was Puff Daddy there, Anthony? You and the beautiful people? Well, the beautiful people got to go right in. Oh, really? Yeah, my cars are pulling up, and there's a guy there with a headset and everything, and he's undoing the velvet rope and letting people in. I'm like, oh, this must be the line for the people that know Mark Gollin. That's me. And then he starts, This isn't the line, people. Guest list line is around here. Big line of schlobs. So I get on that line. The only consolation was on the same line as me, Remember the movie Clerks? The guy that was in that J? Smoking weed. Drinking beer, doing coke. He was on that line, and so was the other guy from Clerks. I'm not even supposed to be here. That guy? Yeah, they were on the same schlob line I was on. So then, you know, get inside, What, what, what, what, Rick? You look puzzled. What were you doing waiting on line, dude? I had set up some for you to walk right in. No, that's the line to walk right in. The short line? Were you on the short line or the long line? No, there was one line, and then there was the guy at the velvet rope letting the people in from the limos. Alright, well, You were supposed to go up and tell them, ask for the name I gave you, and you would have been walked right in. You know what's worse than waiting on a line? Walking up to the guy, telling him how you're supposed to get right in, and having him send you to the line. That looks real embarrassing. I don't do that. So you know what? Who cares? I don't care. So did you get into the party? How long did you have to wait outside? Not long, it was like five minutes. It wasn't long. Did you get your picture with Madonna? No, there were people there, you know. I saw that guy from the Gossip Show on E with the caterpillar over his eyebrows. Oh, the guy? It looks like Martin Scorsese. George Whipple, I guess his name is. Yeah, I know who you're talking about. And he was there with his camera crew and stuff. And then, you know, I see Mark Golan say hi. Nice party, where's the bar? And of course he knew right away. So they're mixing some pretty strong drinks there too, I'll tell you. Had a couple of absolutes and orange juice. Sure. Loosen up so I could mingle with the beautiful people. Sure. You're changing, man. Shut up! Why are you hanging with these people? I was supposed to meet Rick and Ben there, and we were going to goof on there. I never thought I'd see the day that Aunt would be hanging with the beautiful people. You're at the same party as Madonna, what is going on with you, man? And I saw Lisa Ling from The View. I didn't want to say anything to her just in case she heard any Star Jones comments. Are you networking, Anthony? Oh, I'm moving and shaking, I hope. Are you going to be on The View soon? Shut up! I saw Michael Buffer, the Let's Get Ready to Rumble guy. And then the biggest celebrity of them all comes in. Not Madonna. Quetta Paltrow? She was there? No, no, no. I didn't see her or Madonna. They must be in the back, back room where it's sludge like me and not allowed to go. No, Gary Coleman comes in. All of a sudden I just see this little short black guy walk by and is like, Oh my God, look, it's Gary Coleman! And then all the brothers, like there are a bunch of hip-hop guys there and stuff, are around Gary Coleman, shaking his head. And then they're like, Oh my God, look, it's Gary Coleman! And then they're like, Oh my God, look, it's Gary Coleman! Look at this short-haired ninja! Come here, little... And they're all like goofing on him. And he turned around and walked right out again. Alright, I've got to put some in their place. Michelle, what's up? Okay, I think you're going with Anthony. No, why would you say that? Because, you got to hang out with the beautiful people and you didn't. Michelle, let me set you straight, okay? Both of us were invited to the party. It was a no-brainer for me to say, No, thank you. Why? I don't like hanging out at those places. You think I go to hang out... First of all, I just wanted to say congratulations and hello to good friends of the show, Mark Dolan. Right. You don't think it would be fun to hang out with me and Rick and Ben and goof on the New York... If we had our little gang together, we had a corner table and we could goof on all the beautiful people. Yeah, but you went by yourself. We all blew off the party and you still went. That's what makes me go, what the heck is that all about? You do make a good point. If we had our little group of guys together and we were at a table, yeah, we would have loved it because then we could have goofed on everything. Yeah, that's what those are all about. What do you think? I'm going there to mingle with people. There were so many look-alike people and you're walking around and it's like, oh my God, here it is. Were you smoking cigars with Arnold Schwarzenegger and stuff? Yeah, that's what I was doing. I was just networking. There were a whole bunch of JFK Junior look-alikes. Hey Joe! Why wouldn't you want to go there last night? There's probably a lot of rich chicks there, you know? It's not my scene. Oh, and it's mine. And it's mine? That's what I'm trying to say. I think Ed and I are like, kind of like going our own way. What do you mean? What are you on, drugs? It used to be that both of us would blow this off. It wasn't our scene. But I guess it's now Anthony Seen. Is he selling out, Opie? I think he's selling out. He's sitting here across from me and he's got one of those shiny black suits on now. His nose up in the air, right? Come on! He's got a supermodel waiting for him outside the studio. He's left me behind. You're in New York, all of a sudden you're the star now. Right, you know? So much for the days of just getting hammered at the local pubs. Yeah, right? That's my scene. Like Earl at a Klan meeting. That's how out of place I was. Believe me. And you sure you have enough time to go to the Yankee game with us tonight? Or do you have one of these little... It's Suarez to go to. It's Gwyneth and Madonna. I think Esquire magazine is having a party tonight. You go to that? You're a tool, man. I can't believe it. Are you hoping the Yankees score early so you can leave for another shindig? Maybe you'll get on the fashion show with Joe Rivers, Anthony. Oh, I enjoy the head and the ponytail. But the t-shirts, you ought to do something different. Anthony on the red carpet. Is that where your goal is? Shut up, you jerk! Listen to you! Alright, thanks, guys. Have a good night. Here they come. I gotta tell you, more gay guys at this party, gay guys, than I've ever seen in my life. You couldn't turn around with two seconds without two guys in a lip lock. Oh, man, what's going on? You're leaving your boy behind. He should have come to this party. I didn't want to go. Crying, man. Which one of you is going to sing, you don't bring me flowers anymore? You know, it was supposed to be one of those things where we go to and just hang out and goof. Did you do any blow with any of these top notch celebrities, Anthony? Oh, I was packing my face with cocaine. Free cocaine was just flowing like crazy. No, I wasn't doing drugs. So we're all scared. A lot of the faithful listeners are even scared. They're thinking, Anthony, might be coming a sellout now. Well, Teddy's going to be spending more time with the beautiful people instead of us. If you saw how out of place I was at this shindig, it was retarded. The health looked better than I did at this party. Believe me. By the way, your invitation for that puffy party came. Oh, good. Please. Tell him RSVP for me, would you, Rick? Were you hanging with Albie Shore last night, Anthony? Don, what's up? What's up? I just want to know if Anthony's going to start changing the show a little bit, adding in a little Madonna music, a little Michael Jackson music. Yeah, yeah. That's it. My new close personal friend. Did Madonna ask you to be... I'm thinking, Rick. I didn't see Madonna. I told Anthony that they were all going to go and he actually went. That's what I'm thinking. All you guys conspired against me. Yeah, we're all going, Ant. We'll meet you there and I'll walk in alone. Ant, is it true you're... I'm probably there just watching you laughing your asses off. Alright, Don. Alright, thank you, Don. Chris from Jersey writing in the instant feedback. Anthony, man, you've changed. It used to be about the radio show, man. Now it's all about your fancy friends and parties and cocaine, man. You've changed. And is it true that you have to leave the show early today because you've got to go house hunting in the Hamptons? Shut up. You guys are jackasses, man. We could have had fun goofing on this whole thing. Doc, what's going on? Can I talk to Mr. High Society, please? High Society around... Our audience blows, man. You're all a bunch of tools. It's Mr. High Society now, huh? High Society, 1027, I love it. It used to be we both came into work, talked about the show and stuff. Now if I want to talk to Anthony, I've got to go through his agent. Can I have a Chrissy Brinkley joke for me? I don't know how they're doing out in the Hamptons over there. Unbelievable. I go to one little shindig. I thought, to tell you the truth, I thought this party was going to be like the one we went to for Maxim, which was about a year ago. And that was more my style. It was small, in the Maxim office, I believe, it was like an office party. There was a pinball machine set up and they were having a pinball tournament. And it was a little small buffet, a tub with some beers thrown in it on ice. That's more my style, I like that. I get there last night, there's laser light, it's techno friggin' blasting music in this warehouse. Dance... Oh yeah, Rick, I was raising the roof, that's it. Me and Gwyneth were tripping the light fantastic, you friggin'... Were you doing the Mambo? Yeah, Mambo number five. That's what I was doing. Could we go find some music for Anthony so he feels comfortable today? Oh sure, man. Can we lower the lights too? Yeah, we can lower the lights. Did you get one of Donald Trump's leftovers, Anthony? Yeah, that's it. That's what I was doing. Jesus, man. I hear Anthony's becoming a real sellout, he's going to go make a movie now. Now that you made all your connections. Yeah, I was really networking. I'm standing in a corner like a wallflower. Oh yeah, that's what happened. Sipping my drink. Yeah, I'm sure that's how it was. Jack, what's up? Jack, use your hands for a manager, please. And also, how gay is that situation found? Some guy lingering with a bunch of fags. You made that special point to say there's the most gay people you've seen in your life. I just was saying there was a lot of gay people there. A lot of, you know, gay people. Looking for a little action later that night? No. Yeah, that's what I was doing. Oh, you got me. Dude, I cannot tell you how out of place I was at this shindig. Believe me. Yeah, we all believe you. Brian, what's up? Hey, man, can I borrow some grapefruit pie or what? I'm making back going to all these parties. I hope you don't change that much, man. Yeah, I'm going to all these parties. I was supposed to go to the details party last night with Ben and Rick and we were going to hang out and goof on the New York, you know, society people and celebrity models and stuff. I end up going there. I'm stood up by my pals. I'm alone at a party I had no f-ing business being at. None. The paparazzi's there, the video cameras, the taping, the models dancing. And of course, they pan by. I'm there in my busted up leather and my hat. Hey, what's up? Another drink, please. Say you are changing. You're trying to start a new trend even. Yeah, because they all look alike and I look different. So they're probably like, ooh, that's a new style. Wow. I've got to dress like a slob. Let's get nuts. Yeah. The parties with fags, what's that? You get to pull Richard Gere and get a couple of gerbils? What's that? God, I love our audience. I've got to keep telling myself that. You'll be coming in any day now and you won't have to take this abuse from our listeners anymore. Absolutely. Sure thing. You'll leave us all behind, you'll be in California. You guys suck, man. I was just showing support for Mark Gallin. Hey, Joe, what's up? I get hell. I just hope when you're in Hollywood and stuff and I come knocking on your door, you don't kick me to the curb. Hey, remember me? Is this the only X-Earth and Hell the third show? Ah, lovey. Lovey. Lovey. So you get any phone numbers? No, I didn't talk to anybody, man. I stood there. I watched Jay from Clerks walk back and forth chasing Supermodels. You had to talk to someone. I talked to the security guy when I was getting in. Name? Josh Magistless. He stamped my hand, I walked in, that was the last person I spoke to. Waiting on lines. I think Studio 54 is in there. I'm not sure. I don't know. Studio 54 is not open. Oh yeah, I'd be right there. You and Brooke Shear are doing a joke. Shut up. Demetri. Hello, I dance for Dancing Out At Night. You didn't, shut up. Yes, you did. You grabbed my hiney. Yeah, okay. That's it. That's what I was doing. Come on. Could you hang up on this guy? Oh, this is cute. Yeah. You guys are the biggest a-holes. Yeah, I was just boogieing down to that. Ryan in Jersey. Ant thinks he's some kind of rock star now. Blowing coke with the stars. Who the hell do you think you are? Get all your new friends, the Baldwin brothers, and we'll have a big huge fight. Yeah. The Park Avenue posse. Dave, what's up? Anthony, we gotta do lunch, babe. What do you say? Oh my god. I'm getting nailed here. Anthony, what's up? Mr. Anthony, please. Just want to let you know that your limousine will be downstairs at 7 o'clock. Shut up. We will take you anywhere you'd like to go tonight, sir, and I'll make sure we have the carpet out for you, sir. I think he needs to go to the Esquire party tonight. Oh, is that where I'm booked to go? Or is it Glamour Magazine tonight? I need a chink to hold my umbrella if it's raining. Like Cassie Lee. Tom and Nicole's people called. They're all set for Sunday. Oh, thank you, Rick, for setting that up. That was such a good lunch. I go to a party that we were invited to. They support Mark Golan and I catch hell because Madonna was there. But there's pictures all over the post. I'm surprised you're not in the video. I haven't seen any pictures yet. Gwyneth Paltrow hugging Madonna. That's the same party you were at. What happened to going to the strip clubs after the show? I would still go to the strip clubs. Are you allowed to ride the subway still to the stadium tonight? I'm not allowed to ride the subway. I'm not allowed to ride the subway. I'm not allowed to ride the subway. I'm not allowed to ride the subway. Are you allowed to go to the stadium tonight for the game or do we have to meet you out front? I'm riding the damn subway. I'm so different. I'm going to these parties all the time. I'm going to helicopter you in just in time for the game. Jesus. How did this happen? Or do you have to take the limo to read some movie scripts? What the hell is going on with you? Come on, man. Paul, what's up? Anthony, first of all, we all know that I don't like that third-face partner of yours, Dopey. That's right off the bat. But you, you backstab Dopey. Shame on you. How did I backstab? Just yesterday he was saying about how you guys are not like Howard. You don't go for the approval of anybody. And then pussy-heel little you goes dancing. And you put glitter on your hair until you fag. What's the matter with you? Come on, what do you want? A hairdryer until appointment? Come by and do your nails too? You don't chase yourself. Shame on you. He chased himself. Does anyone understand why I was there? Paul, I hate you too, but you're pretty funny today, man. Does anyone understand why I was there? We're trying to understand. It was there because Rick and Ben were showing up and we were going to goof on this. If you don't understand by now, this is like an intervention. We're a little scared. You've been heading in this direction for a while. Okay, so you think, I went to this party thinking, Oh boy, I got an invite. This is great. This is going to be my in to New York's high society. I'm going to rub elbows with celebrities. I'm going to network. This is going to be great for me. Or, this will be a good goof. Me, Rick, Ben, we'll hang out. We'll have some free drinks and goof on the celebrities. Which one sounds more like me? The first one. Shut up! That is so far from the truth, man. So far from the truth. Canaro's on line 7 once acting in the next movie. OJ on line 9 was at party with act. Gee, it's all out. So when do you run for office? You have to be famous for a few more years? Yeah, then I'll do that whole thing. Alright. Yeah, that's it. You're on to me. Well, it's all the cats out of the bag. I'm a big high society homo. The Obi and Anthony Show. Oh, to be wild. Wow. Boo boo boo. More stupidity on the way. 1027. Now, more of the worst of Obi and Anthony on SM Talk at 1027. Hi, NBW. Hello. Hi, what's up? My name is Kyler, and if it ever occurred to you, you might have gay listeners who might be offended by the way you talk. Yeah, we know we have gay listeners, and they enjoy our show. Yeah, well, I'm a gay listener, and I do enjoy listening. I've listened to NBW for years, but that kind of talk offends me. What offends you? As if it's assumed, first of all, the use of the word fag and homo like that. Well, You're going to have to get over that. That's what we do. Yeah, well, you know, there are other words. No, no, no. We're a radio show, okay? If you want to discuss this, then we'll discuss it, but don't curse. Okay. Make it sound like it's really awful that guys would think that you're gay. Well, for a straight guy, it is. No, it isn't. No, it isn't. No, no, no, no, because you're gay. See, for a straight guy, it's not good for his straight friends to think he's gay. That's reality. That's just the way it is. We're not going to change that perception. I'm sorry, but the average straight guy doesn't want to think that his pal is gay. Yeah, but I mean, you wouldn't use the words like nigger. You know, you wouldn't, you know, in a different realm. Sir, we have used that word on this show. We have used the word fag. Yeah, well, you know, it's not just the words. We have pretty much used every derogatory term on this show. It doesn't make it sound really awful, and you're going to really offend gay lenders. I don't really care if you're gay. I really don't. Simple as that. And I think if you listen to our show on a daily basis, I think people realize that. We're just trying to have fun here. Well, it might occur to you that there might be some college guy who is having a difficult time with it. He hears stuff like that. That's not very encouraging. I personally am... I've heard that excuse from gay guys like all the time working in radio. That's the big thing. Somebody trying to come out is going to have a difficult time with it and stuff. You know, I've listened to a lot of college... Your attitude is this, like a macho bar attitude. It's that kind of humor. I love the music. Oh, here it comes. I love the music, but I don't like you guys. I love the music, but frankly, some of this talk in between, you know? Well, then, dude, you know what? There's a million radio stations. Go listen to another one. Well, that's just what I did when I heard it. I switched. You guys are responsible for the attitude. Sir, let me stop you again. We don't have a large young audience listening to our radio show. We have a lot of people with an open mind that see it for what it is, which is pure humor and trying to entertain people after a long day of work. We don't have time to be politically correct. I'm sorry. You know what? There's enough people in our society trying to be politically correct. We're trying to balance out the scale again. So we're going the other way. Let me just say a few things without being interrupted. I'm not politically correct. I'm not a gay activist. Frankly, I'm not even into all that stuff. They have like tight bonds and stuff? The thing is that I'm not into that stuff. But I'm listening to this and I'm saying I can't believe this. I'm calling for half an hour trying to get through. Because we have a popular radio show because people are enjoying this and they're taking it for what it is. Just entertainment. That's it. What did they say? One letter or one call is equivalent to 200 opinions? Keep it in mind what I'm saying. Whether you want to fight for it or not, keep it in mind what I'm saying. Do you have a six pack? Come on, just laugh, you idiot. You know you want to laugh. You know you want to laugh. I'm really offended by things. In fact, there are many gay guys and many things that I hate about the gay world. I'm just talking about the way you come off. You're coming off like a little bitch. No, I'm not. Yes, you are. I'm a counselor. I'm a counselor for a living. It's good to have a good time, but don't be offensive. That's my message to you. Thank you, Dad. And yeah, grow up. Grow up? That's the worst thing to do. Who the hell wants to do that? There's plenty of time to be an old feeble jackal off on a goddamn little rascal scooter. But listen. When was the last time you got some? Come on, you want to laugh. I hear it in your voice. You're a gay guy, right? It had to be last night. Do you get any calls like this? Am I the only one? Do you ever say no? Do you? Come on, Kyler. It's funny. You know it's live. I've got a good sense of humor, you guys. You like Judy Garland. No, I don't. I don't like Barbara Streisand and I don't like Liza Minnelli. I like rock and roll. I go to the boiler room because it's one of the few gay bars that plays good rock and roll. What a damn... Do they have to have such stereotypical names? It's a good place. Go to check it out. Go to the boiler room? Do they have glory holes and stuff? Is it spelled like Boiler Room? That's a good point, but no, it's not. Listen to me. What I'm trying to say is you make it sound like the worst thing in the world that other guys could think you were homos. And so what if they did? I mean, you guys want to give your sperm? Great. I mean, it sounds really hot to me, but you know... Wow! Wait a minute. Kyler, are you going to be turned on if we do this? I was turned on and on the radio? No, I don't want to go on the radio. I'm actually quite well known. Would you like to taste test? Nope, not these days. Come on, Kyler. Are you practicing safe sex? Of course. Why don't we get that out of the way? Why don't we get that message out to the community? Practice safe sex. Yeah, that's more important. Maybe you can make it... You can use my name. Can I ask you how old you are? Yeah, I'm 46. Oh, wow, you were in it like in the 70s and stuff? Yeah, I'm very lucky. I'm very lucky because I'm negative. That was a fun time for you guys, huh? Just all the effing and essing. How scary is it, though? Well, thinking you may come down with that. I've been tested six times and I'm negative. But every time you get tested, aren't you just completely freaking out? Yeah, that's why I haven't done it in a long time. Really? You see, I practice safe sex and I don't like to receive it. So that makes me pretty safe. That's what us straight people call it. Listen, you keep scurrying the issue. The issue is I think you should apologize. You can use my name if you want to. Kyler, honestly, you know, we just don't apologize for what we do on our show. Okay, well, maybe... I think... Please stop. Say something in a funny way. Hey, you don't mean to offend any gay guys. You're just having fun. Kyler, honestly, you really don't listen to our show a lot because we have said things like that in the past. Okay, no, I don't. The one thing that I try to do is try to make fun of pretty much everything. We don't focus on the gays. We don't focus on black people. We don't focus on this group. We're just trying to have fun. And if something hits us in the news or something we saw on our way in, then we're going to discuss it and try to make it entertaining. And honestly, we know every time we talk we're offending someone out there. We can't worry about it. I occasionally use the word fags. I can't stand guys that are like super fags and I'll say it. But that's me. It's like if you're black you can use... See, I don't agree with that theory either. I think if a black guy is allowed to call another black guy a nigger, then I should be able to do the same thing. Well, what are you? I'm a Dago Wop bastard. So if somebody calls you a wop or whatever... I don't care. Actually, I've got a friend up in Boston, Jay, and he's Irish. And the most fun we have is ragging each other's culture. Like I'll send him things about drunks. And he sends me stuff like spaghetti sauce. And it's just constantly ragging each other's ethnic background. And the worse it is, the funnier it gets. If he's even near my car, I check it for bombs. Because he's Irish. Some of the funniest stuff, you've got to admit, is the stuff that really pisses people off. You know, I think as a society, we really have to start lightening up again. Well, this is my bit for Gay Pride Weekend. I'm not doing anything else, so I thought I'd try to get through here. Is it Gay Pride Weekend? It certainly is. And Sunday is Gay Pride Day. Do you want to put in a plug for me? No, we don't want to. We don't want to put it right up over there. Did you word that differently? We're not plugging anything, man. I look like a counselor. You're a psychic. And I'm pretty well known, too. And you should have known what we were going to say. No, I'm not working at the moment, but I will be working shortly at Cafe Shasha in the West Village if you want to. Shasha? Yeah, I'm working on a new show. Shasha? Cafe Shasha? It's mixed. It's a mixed place. Alright, Kyler. Yeah, the guys there are like boys and men. I'm kidding. Come on. Smile. See, that was funny. You got my point, I think. Maybe. You can say whatever you want, and I'll be listening to see what you say. Uh-oh. We're being monitored. Thank you, Kyler. Have a good time, and keep in mind what I said, okay? Alright. You've got a responsibility. People are listening to you. Have a fabulous weekend. Oh, thank you. That's the word I try to avoid. Well, that's why I said it. Fabulous. Okay. See, now you can hear the fun in our voices. See? Yeah. I mean, I... Stop person. I've got to dump out. I'm sure you've seen a lot of that, though. I don't know what to say. I've got to go, Kyler. Goodbye. Come on, line of the week right there? You're kidding me, man. Now you've got to explain to the faithful listeners, because we had to dump out of the show, man. You keep saying the S-word, though. He said the S-word. Uh, Gary. Hey, what's going on? I just want to say that guy that was on before, you know, he was totally... He was totally wrong the way he was saying. I'm totally with you guys. You know, I think everything that you're doing and making fun of is totally funny and the gay community is behind you. You're gay? Yeah. Could they get in front of me? Maybe side by side? I'm totally with you guys. I love to gain humor. No big deal. Those guys are being anal, literally. All right. You're behind us all the way. Great. We appreciate it, Gary. Thanks. All right. That's no problem. All right, man. Have a great weekend. Take care. Love you guys. Yeah. Back at ya. I gotta get out of here, man. No matter what we say, it can be interpreted another way. Great. This is back in the closet. Yeah, this is wonderful. Yeah, Opie. How about the game tonight? Yeah, what about who? Go Knicks! Kick ass! Gotta drink me some beer. That's right. Smoke the camels throughout the filters. Bang some broads in the show. That's right, damn it. The fooders. Hey, Ann, your mom did say I was hot. Aw, come on, Mom. Don't bang Opie. You're f***ing my mom. I'm f***ing yours. Oh! This is disgusting! I say lay back and enjoy it. It's a hell of a bargain ride. Opie and Anthony. A couple of real motherf***ers. One of them is seven. Today, you're stuck with the worst of Opie and Anthony. On FM Talks at 1-0-2-7. We gotta get this point at the cross, I guess. Baseball diamonds are a gal's best friend. Wow, the hunk-o-meter. Yeah, they're pitting a cheater against Piazza. Obviously, for a hunk, who's the biggest hunk? Who's the biggest hunk? Yeah, a cheater or Piazza. She's got a bunch of stats and everything. This is Cheryl Connolly from the Piazza. The Daily News. You know, this lady smokes crack. She has to. She's writing a whole article on this, right, Amp? Yeah. And where he'd take you for a weekend getaway. Dirk Jeter. This lady assumes that Dirk Jeter would take you to meet his mom. Oh, sure. Yeah. I don't care that he's quite the yanky. Is that what you call the penis, Mom? Exactly. I take you to meet my mom. She's delusional. He's a guy, for Christ's sake. So she lived at Comac Motorway. Brother. Odds on getting to third base with Dirk Jeter. Only if you're a pop diva who can hit the high notes. Oh, ho, ho. I think she's trying to be wacky. Wow, that was worth being on page nine of the Daily News today. Is this sports? Odds on getting to third base with Piazza. Only if you can dress flashier than he does. Does any sports fan really care about this? I guess she's catering to the ladies or something. Yay! Afternoon everybody! I'm making a Mad Dog on a van. Today we're taking phone calls. Hey, you know who's the biggest hunk? Come on, look at this Jeter with Piazza. You gotta give Jeter a lot of credit. I mean, he's got a nice ass. Look at him. Hey, Mad Dog, are you trying to tell me you're bored with taking phone calls about the Mets and the Yankees? Well, this is in the paper today. I think it's sports over here. Over here, over there. What would you like to talk to some of your listeners today? I think we can take a few phone calls. Alright, why don't you throw the topic out there? Well, who's the biggest hunk? Jeter with Piazza. Yeah, I've seen him both. I've been looking at him. Jeter, I gotta give Jeter a yes. But Piazza's got the arms and I think Piazza's a little hairier. I perform my man with a hairy chest. And not enough I like Piazza, he's squatting all the time being a cat-chat. And you don't want the testicle dragging in the dirt like that. It can make calluses and I don't think I want to handle callus-y testicles. Can I have a hand, Maggie? That's right to look. And gee, he's been with some hosbags in his day, but I think I can turn him around. I take him in the back seat of my Toyota. Toyota. So who would you give the rusty trombone to? Well, you gotta go with Piazza and the rusty trombone. Because I'm not reaching for the testicles, I'm not giving them a reach around. You gotta figure out what a cat you're squatting a lot of air blowing through back there. It's not gonna stink, it's maybe a Jeter who's standing on the left. Alright, let's go to the phones, alright? It's a great topic for your show today on WFAG. Alright, Joe, you're on the air, not gonna have dog on a back. Hi, I'd just like to say that my Piazza has the best ass. What are you talking about? You gotta give Jeter the ass. I'm an ass man, I know, Jeter's got the better ass. Oh, come on, come on my friend. He's got bungee steel. You don't see him there when he's behind the plate, crouched down or bent over like that. It gets you so excited. Thank you, Joe. You know that's because I get out of hand. As far as hair does go, I don't know, I kinda like the quaff Piazza spotting. But I didn't add a short thing Jeter spotting. You don't like that wacky beard of Piazza's or the wacky sideburns? No, I like a little bit of hair on my thighs. You know, I don't like the short hair that Jeter's got. But I give him the ass. Ain't that right, my friend? That's right, dog. I've undressed both of these with my eyes and I gotta give my ass to Jeter. That shift in her arms to the ass. Nice, strong manly arms. No surprise you like the Giants. He could probably... Yeah, he's a Piazza. I know if I'm in a sack with him he could throw me around like a little spinner. Now I've got a strong upper body strength. But I think for Jeter it would be a lot more sensitive to my infirmity needs. Ain't that right, buddy? That's right, dog. Joe, you're on the air with Mad Dog. Is this Mad Dog? Mad Dog, Joe. How you doing? What do you think, Joe? I think that Peter is better. In what way? In that Howard Stern is better than the Balkans. Hey, look at that. He's saying, look at that. Oh, does that make you feel bad? No, not at all. I'm not feeling bad. I'm feeling bad. This is getting bad. Alright, let's take another break here, alright? Are you done now, Mad Dog? Why don't you bring Imason with you today? You wanna go there? Got my big fat cowboy hat. My life here is I'm looking at a Piazza. Yeah, and It's growing Yeah, I gotta get the wrinkle out of my neck Oby and Anthony Those guys are fast All right Bob, are you ready to play hi mom, I'm gay absolutely now I hear you're 35 years old Yeah, never been married ever. Are you gay? No rope swallowing Alright Bob, let's give it a shot. All right, you gotta try to convince her man. All right, let's give your mom a call man Oh Mom can you hear me down? Yeah, it's Bobby Bobby. Yeah, where are you? I'm at work Yeah, well you sound awful funny. Yeah, I know. All right. Yeah mom you sit down. Why I gotta tell you something Why don't get nervous? That might be me to tell you you I was gonna call you tell you when you called earlier today. Yeah I'm gay. Oh, yeah, I'm a Twinkie. I swear it What how come you know if you never believe me cuz I don't believe you why well you just had a child Bobby Yeah, that was to throw you off. Yeah, okay. Yeah, I wanted to tell you that I was hoping you wouldn't take it lightly But Bobby what are you trying to be funny? I'm not I had to tell you know, I just don't feel right I've known it ever since I was a kid Bobby. Are you with Donna? Not at the moment? All right You can tell you father that I'm not even gonna bring it up. All right I you're the one that's always said some terrible things about those people. So what what's the you know, what's all of a sudden? Well, it's to throw everyone off, you know Bobby. I don't believe it. However, you know, you still love me had enough hot cake I think you know, good. You still love me. Of course. I love you. You just won't kiss me on the lips anymore, huh? Bobby what the hell are you doing drinking? No, yeah. All right. All right. Okay. I'm working you father's out to lunch. Have you told Jean this? No, I was gonna spring it on him tonight. Yeah, that's nice. Yeah, you do that Stand a long distance away. Well, yeah, I will out of arms reach Bobby. Don't give me that balloon Please you break my hat when you do things like this. I'll talk to you later when I could sit down with you Yeah, that'd be nice. All right. All right. I love you. See you later. I love you, too. Okay Oh Jesus I gotta get back there and quick man. You gotta put a knife in our wrist. You better do that Hey Bob, yeah, Bob, I'm gay Sounds like the manliest dude around I've been meaning to tell you for a long time Bob. I'm gay Don't explain the rough throat. Yeah, I'm a I'm a tweaky mom. That's what's great. That guy got this throat this bad I've been swallowing too many ropes You sit down Bob Hold on you want to call your mom back and then call us. Yeah, I gotta get her head out of the oven I will recognize your voice call back. All right. All right, thanks. All right, man You guys are gonna burn in hell Must know evil before he can condemn it. Oh B Evil before he can be been answered Anthony. He's disgusting and that's very very cool It's beyond moronic Sub moronic Oh 1027 Courtney Tuck from friends from friends She's dropping Cock Excuse me. He's dropping pop on what what do you mean? Well, her name's Courtney cock, right? Oh her name She's dropping her last name. Ah He's getting rid of cops. He's getting rid of cops. Yes, huh? He doesn't like Cocks and why? Well, she wants to use her husband's name She's married on David Arquette, right Courtney. Okay, so she wants to call Courtney. Yeah, okay. She wants to drop talk What she likes got well, I guess she'd like to for a while. Yeah, they were It was very good for her and her career. But yeah for her career. I would I would think she would Know hold on to cocks. I wouldn't think she would just Think you're right for professional cast cocks to the wayside like that. Well, she's moving on with a career without cocks Yeah, so all right Sands comes Well, why I don't know why everyone's giggling I don't know either something if a girl wants to change her name, it's fine I just find it a little odd that uh, she's been treated well by cocks for so many years That she would just dump it like that. She's brave enough to live her life without cocks. I guess so Arquette Arquette Courtney Arquette Courtney Arquette for now on not a hyphen cocks no more right, huh That old gag You know actually felt the downward spiral in that bit sure of course, of course you did that's what you're supposed to there's no life All the other thing we have to mention is the book that's coming out on Reagan Really? Hmm. It looks like President Reagan didn't like Bush Really? Reagan didn't like Bush. Really? Did he like cocks? Or did he drop cocks? Courtney? I mean, well, would he know about cocks back in 81? Sure, I think at that point during his presidency. She was on that Bruce Springsteen video, right? So he was dancing in the dark. So he was well aware of cocks at that point. Oh, cocks was on the stage just shaking and you know remember? Gyrating cocks. Sure Gyrating cocks sure We saw her and always forgot all about the cocks with Bruce. All right So, um, yeah, this book is claiming that you figure it doesn't work the first time It's like putting sour milk in the fridge you go not so bad I Bet it'd be a lot of work. Here's the worst of opi and anthony on fm talk at 1027 So, how was your thanksgiving anthony? Ah We spent a little time with the family. I'll make sure offer a grandmage for the big, you know italian Thanksgiving very nice all the food that you could feed an army with and uh, I was right up there right at the uh, Next to the head of the table. Uh-huh. I made it all the way up. Yeah. Congratulations. Thank you felt pretty good Because my brother wasn't there this year He uh, he was over to sing walks. Uh, so I got to move up into the joe seat So there I was like right at the before the head of the table. I looked down at the little card table at the end Remembering years and years ago when I was there and I had to worry. I remember the middle of the table Sure, I remember when I became a a teenager And worked my way up from the card table to the real table but way at the the card table ends Well, how many people had to die in your family to get that space? Oh quite a few Okay, quite a few and then uh, you know, I worked my way up and as I was sitting there Next to the head of the table Thinking there's only one more place to go You start feeling uh, old Old Do you have any teenagers in your family? Yeah, so are you like the cool uncle where you'll you know Go get them high and stuff in the coat room or no. No, they're a little sip or two here or there They're like early teens rj and chris. Oh, all right, they're piss or cool kids. Uh, yeah. Oh, they idolize me. It's great Yeah, yeah, i'm cursing like a banshee at the table and stuff and they're just like you are so cool You were drunk again. You were drunk again, obviously a couple of beers So Not as drunk as my mom. So you're cool My my mom was at the point uh She was at the I love you f you stage. Really? Yeah, she gets like that every so often on holidays where she snotted Uh, she was all drinking her wine. Oh, yeah boy sitting there at the table all of a sudden And then you bring up the last time we were all hanging out as a family and she was hitting the wine And she's like, oh scratch her ass. I wasn't saying that I don't do that because we tell her when she really gets schnockered She'll say, uh, she'll talk to you and he's like, oh baby My my son, it's so good to see you again. You're like my calm down. Oh No, but I love you I love you it's so good to see you again All right, ma like i'm gonna go into the kitchen. I'm gonna i'll go leave And it's not f you it's the f word. Well coke will do that to you Oh Jesus You say my mom's doing cocoa? Well, i'm just assuming at this point Drinking some wine having a good time with the family could be acid and then we uh, we do we tell her that you know Last time we were all together as a family. Uh, you got that. I love you f you phase And she's like, oh no, I wasn't no Hour later. I love you f you phase Then she's bringing up You know school when I was in school because remember the time I got you that lovely fur coat Fur coat fur coat she brought this up. I forgot about it Elementary school did it go with your velour shirt? That's on the uh, fm talk website I don't know what kind of like a pimp when you were eight years old I wish I was as cool as a pimp when I was in that grade But it turned out all I was was an elementary school kid going to elementary school in a fur coat My mother's like, oh I kept you warm I go no the coke didn't the blood running from my nose over my body kept me warm because I beat up because Faggot Hey, anthony, you're a faggot only faggots and women wear fur coats She I don't know what kind of dope she was doing. She comes home one day from the store I'm just thinking I want a snorkel jacket like all the other kids had in school, but no my mother said You know you ever see on the sidelines of the football games. Joe namath wears a fur coat Oh, yeah, joe namath wears a fur coat joe namath was all Also a quarterback for the jets at the time You know pretty cool job so he could pretty much wear whatever the hell he wanted right? He's not even gonna sit. He'll hang out with them right exactly You know who's that other big the big black guy that had the daughter in in the films the football player He used to crochet on the sidelines. Roeer. Rosie Greer. Sure. He would crochet on the sidelines, right? Right Anybody gonna crack him in the head? Hey, rosie Of course not If I was to crochet in fifth grade, what would happen to me? You'd be dead the crochet hook would be in my rectum. Everyone knows that you wear a fur coat It doesn't matter joe namath wears one on the sidelines. Yeah, I was being beat up because mom got me a fur coat She was always she was like a head of the trend and like she was going to make us we were models fashion models A fur coat by me my snorkel jacket by the time you were in ninth grade where you're dressing like uh, clive frazier Yeah I wanted jeans. I wanted a t-shirt. I wanted sneakers like I dress now So she brought up the fur coat at the thanksgiving day table. Yeah, right and it I totally forgot about it. But uh, Yeah, she had gotten me a fur coat all this all the little family memories come up in thanksgiving things You wish you could never remember again. But another thing like sneakers. I always wanted the uh, What were they the pf flyer high top black sneakers? Those are the ones I want To wear those you look like a hoodlum. Do I look like one of them and then she'd use the n-word and stuff Wow, she would I you know italian You know Hey, come on. She's all the now she goes to church She goes to church now. Go on. You know, it was a long time ago But I wanted to wear the the high top black pf flyer sneakers and and my mother would always come back with these those stupid White skippies, you know the stupid sneakers with the rubber front and everything your typical Wonder years sneakers sure, you know and I was pissed and pants. I wanted jeans I wanted to go to school in jeans. She'd get me like dress slacks Yes, your slacks and a dress shirt and a tie for the first day of school i'm there with a briefcase I swear to god you would think I was closing deals for ibn the way she dressed me to go up to the fifth grade I had a briefcase And a shirt matching shirt and tie which my brother had to wear the exact same thing. Are we twins? No No, but she dressed us like we were now everyone thought you were twins, right? And we had to have the same little ties and pants and shoes One time in her disco diva phase She bought me platform shoes Dude platform shoes disco shoes I had the big platform shoes I swear I had eight inch platform. I looked like that jerk off in saturday night fever Tony you're gonna call me tony tony give me a call She's pregnant father you think the pope could get her an abortion father Tony you didn't call me look tony i'm dancing tony i'm dancing on the bridge tony I had those big dopey shoes Classic I I want and then one time on my my sister's dogs. She had two little dogs ate the shoes Yeah, baby, that was me. She My sister's dog ate the the heels of the shoes the big platform shoes. I was like, thank you extra can of kennel ration for you back to my skippies That's why I dressed like this because for years I couldn't I wanted jeans Sneakers and a t-shirt my whole frigging life. So now I wear what I want And then I go I go to thanksgiving dress the same way and then I was like it looked like a sloth It's like oh, sorry. I don't have my black one disco shoes and fur coat mom So you could have got the fur coat out of the closet for you. Yeah, i'm sure Look like i'm coming out of the closet with that frigging thing on but a big excuse was Joe namath wore a fur coat on the sidelines walking back and forth Remember when he was injured a lot of times and he had that that wacky coat Yeah, he was still like on the field and so he walked back and forth the sidelines He had this big fur coat, but he could pull off that look man He had the blondes by his side and he had two people pulled off that look then there were stories in the paper How he's banging broads in between quarters and stuff joe namath and fred mertz Remember that when he put the big coat on very uh 23 skadoos Pable let's jitterbug I'm gonna get some burreroads with this coat Come on rick He had a big furry bear coat. That's what I looked like. So was your uh childhood idol joe namath it Yeah, you know were you wearing pantyhose like him too? Yeah, he did do the commercial for the pantyhose no, thank god my mother didn't feel I should be wearing pantyhose All right, uh, let's go to caesar caesar. What's going on today? Anthony? You are a homo, man Come on. Listen, did mama also buy the little fox skin scarf to match the coat? No, there was no fox skin. Yes a little mink. Yeah, I bet you I'm admitting it was a gay coat She put me on a fag gay coat in elementary school where gee people aren't judging you too much by what you look like Hey buddy, I bet you tied the mittens to the sleeve of the coat too. Nah, it wasn't that drastic. You're a faggot man I had a big dopey like galoshes and stuff. I wanted like fireman boots, you know things with the big metal clips Sure. Yeah, I get the totes totes galoshes Put on your rubbers. You were obviously poor like myself growing up. Well, she did pretty good, you know I mean, I mean it was all She was more like she would spend more to make me look like an ass now We know why boomer beat you up in elementary school. Yeah, exactly You had your cute little fur coat on my fur coat. I wanted a bomber jacket You know what? It's regular the high top pf flyer sneakers jeans just looking like a kid But no my mother figures. I she Dressing me up like i'm i'm in gq or something gq Well, that's what they would they would put stupid things like fur coats on the models and stuff And she would see it and go. Oh, that's a great look. She used to dress me up like that She was goofing on me because she said uh over thanksgiving. Uh, she said well when you dress yourself you look ridiculous What do you mean? She get and she pulled out pictures of me with striped pants and a plaid shirt. I'm walking around like that I'm like, so that's that doesn't go. I'm like, I don't care if it went or not. That's the 70s look though That's groovy. That's tough win in the 70s. That's like greg brady. Haven't you seen the brady bunch? They say it's in I remember going for a back-to-school shopping and stuff, you know, you go to the department store And walk around and you'd see stuff you want you're like, oh, that's good. That's oh, no, that's crap That's what I love life's aware of. You know, charles nelson riley is wearing a scarf off to the right Oh, you should wear that. Yeah, I can't see that If there's a picture with you with the uh, uh charles nelson riley scarf. I need to see that. Where's my scarf? The ghost of mrs. Mural Oh charles nelson riley I'll tell you one thing if she would have bought me that coat when I was like 13 14 I'd have banged it Yeah, but hey what's with the fur on this coat anthony why It's like liberty spikes that the punk rock is Hey ass turn down your radio 1027 Yeah, if you read the paper today pop is getting married I got to marry to olives girl, yeah, she's a looker, huh She's quite the looks good. What are you? Now pop I what do you what do you see in olive oil? I mean she really she really doesn't have a body Well, she's one. Yeah Some pussy whoa what? Pusky what is pusky? Olive oil has a lovely pussy Popeye, I don't think you can say pussy on the radio with my mickey hands around because skinny little butts A skinny busk and then I gazed into her pussy You can't say pussy on the radio I could say whatever I want Well blow me down She spent all that time with brutus. Yeah, I thought it was gonna stretch out her pussy Oh Papa you're gonna get us fired You can't get fired for the word pussy it ain't even a way I've never heard the word pussy before It's a fun way to say Uh, uh Looks like you're excited because you're gonna finally be able to bed down olive oil Yeah, they're gonna go on a hunskey moon. Yeah I'm gonna take scur on my Oh my boats I'm papa the sailor She's a little flat chest kid. Yeah, just a little a little bit. Oh, let's go shy in the titski section Not too big on the titski You can't say he makes up for it with the pussy Oh and that narrow little ass yeah, oh she's got quite the lips glassed on it But i'm dreaming of a pussy Oh well blow me down Oh Hey, I was always wondering this question. Yes, does your unit get really big when you eat the spinach like your biceps? Of course, and I got a big tattoo of an anchor on it And it disappears sometimes whenever a french gets towards the pussy All right You just can't say that word on the radio why not I don't know look up pussy in the dictionary. Is he allowed to say pussy? I could say whatever I want I ain't no big Woosky and i'll say pussy i'm papa the sailor man It's never seen All right, well congratulate me Are you gonna um invite brutus? Uh, no I'm not inviting brutus to the wedding though. He might try to steal me girl I say he's always doing that in the past. What about uh, alaska would always go with it. What about what slutsk? What about wimpy? Oh wimps wimpsky. Yeah, he's a homosexual No, he's in a search for meat Oh, I'll gladly pay you today for a hamburger tomorrow or whatever the hell's get used to say Wow wimpy's a homosexual, huh? Wimpy's a homosexual And olive oil had the nice uh olive oil was a whore Until she married me. I say and now it's just me and olives pussy Oh Oh gotta give us some implants Because she's a little shy in the tiskeys You said that already All right Well, do you want to hang out with us for the rest of the show papa? Oh stay but I gots to go to my hansky moon. Oh, yeah. Yes. I'm rip roaring Look skin forward to some busking Wow, all right Where did anthony go? He doesn't like popeye or something The obi and anthony show I have no clue what anybody's saying, but it's a funny as damn show more stupidity on the way It's like it's kind of like a car wreck on the highway you're gonna have to you know Do the same to see what the hell these idiots are doing next Obie and anthony we refuse to be responsible so go screw yourself. We refuse to be responsible Oh You guys sometimes like piss me off, okay Isn't today the day we could hear some sounds from uh mars well opi, uh, I think the mars lander Has touched down on mars, but they they have to wait a while before they get in response From it, but they do have a microphone on there So you'd be able to go to the website and listen to the sounds of mars the sounds of mars martian winds Sweeping the landscape we leave you with the sounds of the martian winds I'll normally leave you with the sounds of mars, but since the lander's there we have the microphones any equipment the sounds of the martian winds Technology is a frightening often fascinating thing when from millions of miles away you can actually hear the sounds of mars So we leave you the sounds of mars Mars That confirms it I I never want to grow up It's beyond moronic 1027 now more of the worst of obie and anthony on fm talk at 1027 the talk you can't ignore Dave writes for your information about two hours ago Tom brokaw was seen scuba diving in the ocean doing a live broadcast to see if jfk jr was faking his death He is hoping he will uh reappear from the water and catch him in the act Come on Well, you know, I don't think tom brokaw In the water, I believe finally the story's dead and uh, they've run out of angles So I wouldn't be surprised if uh, you know Some of the networks did get some scuba divers down there to see uh, if something's going on, but actually scuba diving Actually on the beach with scuba gear You know, it's strange I sound better with the regulator in my mouth Than I do just trying to speak normally normally Normally hey, i'm tom. Yes. I'm brokaw. You you sound a little out of it today Well, I sound a little light-headed or something. I was deep diving looking for jfk jr I don't believe he's dead. I think it's a big conspiracy And I ran out of oxygen 200 feet below the surface And had to ascend so rapidly that Got the bends nitrogen bubbles in my bloodstream But I do believe I did see jfk jr. Yeah when I was just before I passed out I also saw ricochet rabbit and the care bears They were all doing a dance And then someone pulled me out of the drink yeah, uh tom believe it was a navy vessel of grass Still on site picking up any lost screw that came from their plane at the cost of millions and millions of dollars I was I was allowed by ariel the little mermaid It was Nice, you know, she's got nice cans for a clark's noon mermaid little redhead chick You know those mermaids very deceiving. Yep great cans you could you know feel But if you try to go south It gets a little fishy Tom brokaw mbc nightliner But I couldn't tell where the skin ended and the scales started as I tried Making a love to a mermaid On my next report tom brokaw makes love to a mermaid Flipping up scales to find the elusive mermaid guy So, you know the odd thing is it smells like human Um Tom while we have you in the studio, yes What was the uh toughest thing you've ever had to say on the news I believe it was back in the 80s It has to be the day that The day a leon clink hopper was thrown off of the cruise ship The Where a wheelchair-bound leon clink hopper was thrown overboard by terrorists who took over the cruise ship Why do you always make tom brokaw say that say what Oh look at the time they've refilled my oxygen tanks. I am still searching for evidence of the death of jfk Well, good luck in the search. Mr. Brokaw Thank you Opie and anthony as I now descend back into the depths. Look out We will Swimming away, i'm brokaw All right, he's having sex with mermaids I can't even believe these ones. He's a disgusting little man identity on a beach Bad This is sicker than faces of death it's not on the cd because it's uh, it's kind of a special song It's not on the cd because it sucks That would seem to follow wouldn't it No, it's actually not it's not a very funny song. It's uh, uh-oh if you don't mind I might my wife and I were recently divorced You're 12 You're 12 short marriage How old are you i'm 27 27. All right. Yeah and uh My wife was 16 years erin Divorced recently and we have a little six-year-old girl She doesn't really understand why mommy isn't living with us anymore and yeah, I I did my best to write this little lullaby All right, perhaps explain it to her. I like this that i'm just great. Thanks. Okay, can bring it down a little bit here So Hush little girl sweet sweet, baby. Don't cry Tonight Daddy's here and he'll sing you soft lullaby Tonight Why can't it all Be like it was Before How can I explain why mommy's not here anymore Because daddy likes porno and ten dollar horse Daddy gets wasted and robs liquor stores Daddy likes robbing the games little boys on the bus I think that's why your mommy left us There is no reason to fret Tonight Don't mind smoke daddy just wants to forget Soon it will all be like it was Before Any minute she will walk through that front door Oh But daddy plays poker and drinks lots of beer Then he wants sex that involves mommy's rear Daddy has sores on his genitals oozing with pus I think that's why your mommy left us Please don't cry I swear I'll try To be Here by Your side Right after daddy gets home from the barn Visits his bookie and steals a new car He'll drive to the strip club and if daddy plays his cards, right? He'll bring home your new mommy tonight Look at me i'm megan look at me i'm all teared up now i'm i'm welling up with tears Hey even dice is tearing up over there. Yeah, you got me. You got my sensitive side Jack ace Who cares we can't play chocolate salty balls anymore. We got some new songs That's steven lynch the cd is called half a man you can order it by uh emailing him at pus head at aol.com And marketing's really uh taking off. It's not my forte and it's pus head p-u-s not pus head Which is pus s obviously what did everybody do before the internet? Like, you know send me a postcard or something po bug You know, is that what you did? I don't know. All right Now more of the worst of obi and anthony on fm talk at 1027 I must admit I ate monkey meat It was me Hell mr. Hassen was Went into the zoo and had sex with yoshi the chimpanzee Damn me to hell I couldn't help it after spending time on the planet of the apes I grew accustomed to that red chimpanzee ass You ever made love go chimpanzee? Ah, no, I can't say I have nothing like it Once you go chimp, you never go back That supple red ass Yearning I went to the zoo Yoshi spun around and faced that red ass at me. It was yearning Calling me as was the burning bush when I played moses Saying take this thine red ass upon thee Make love to my red chimpanzee ass I must admit I ate monkey meat Damn me to hell I ate monkey meat at the zoo now, mr. Hassen. Yes Why would you be attracted to a chimpanzee when you had nova? nova Yes, she was quite a babe in a loincloth But I she just didn't have enough bodily hair When zira seduced me in that Little cave thing they lived in and I did have a threesome with zira and cornelius I admit it. I ate monkey meat I tasted the forbidden fruit of the monkey's red ass I couldn't resist I visited the zoo and saw yoshi. Yeah little yoshi and that red ass My god, forgive me Lord god, please forgive me for my taking of the forbidden meat of monkey Damn me to hell now. Mr. Hassen is a lovely picture of your girlfriend in newsday. Look at the cans on yoshi My god That's the luckiest baby chimp i've ever seen Getting just snuggled against the bosom of that hairy ape Damn I love that monkey. Yeah. All right I'll be making more visits to more zoos There might be a population explosion of Charlton chimps New breed the charlton chimp That's right, it wears the toupee and has a red ass is it true also that you were caesar's father damn Damn, you found me out All right, my six points with zero, you know, okay It was me. Well, we got the explanation to uh the chimp getting pregnant at the l.a zoo. Well, thank you. Mr Hassen, it's great I'm so embarrassed. Can you take your little cherry and get out of the studio? We got a show to do where's my music Oh Play my music damn you. All right, i'll play your music Now get the hell out of here When are you putting those pictures up on the website? Damn you Damn you all the hell. There he goes. Everyone trompey heston Wow Phobian anthony cuddlingus and psychiatry brought us to this on fm talk at 1027 the talk you can't ignore