 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York, Bon Jovi, living on a prayer bed company in the Wall Flowers too, to start off the Opie and Anthony show for another fine week. Hey! What's up, brother man? Good afternoon, Aope. How was your little weekend up north? Well. The Renaissance Festival, you left here Friday in a bitter mood with your lovely wife, Jennifer, and how did it turn out for you? Well, we just got back, actually. We drove back into New York a couple hours ago. I had a great time at the Renaissance Festival, Aope. Wonderful time. What happened? Well, Mom went with us. You know, Jen's mom, the mother-in-law, went. Annie Marga didn't make it. Oh, why? She had teeth put in or something? She's getting new teeth put in her head. She's getting new teeth put in her head. No, she's been having problems with her teeth. Having problems with her teeth. Yes. She had some dentures put in. That's what happens when you're 92. So she couldn't go to the Renaissance Fair. But we went. And, oh, it started off great. We parked five miles away, walked up to the Renaissance Festival, got something to eat, and at which point Jen's mom immediately got pissed at something. I have no clue what it was. There wasn't enough sausage or something. What was the deal? There was the four of us, and all four of us were going to have sausage sandwiches. But there was only enough for two sandwiches, and me and Anne were first on the line. I was going to have some kind of Renaissance battle-axe fight with her for it, you know? So I turned and said, do we hear? Take mine. I'm not that hungry. I'll get something later. No, no, no. I'll go get something else. And she storms off. Now, there's like 500 people in this place. I watch her for about three seconds. You know she's short. I lose her. I know. I have no idea where she is. This was what I was going through. Jen doesn't understand that she pulls this stuff on me. Like she's annoyed at her mom, going, and she just goes, well, fine, and storms away. And I'm thinking in my head, Jen, that's exactly what you would do to me. To my frustration. Unfortunately, I am my mother's daughter. So it was an exciting little weekend. Well, that's how it started. A real happy getaway. This sounds great. It was fine after that. So yeah, it was fine after about 10 killings. There you go. You know, that'll always help a situation. And then I invited Jay, our buddy Jay. Yeah, Jay's the man. So I had somebody to goof on everybody with. Very good. And you know, we had a lovely time, after which Jen turns to me. As you know, the whole thing started with I thought it was just going to be me and Jen going to the Renaissance Fair for a nice little couple kind of let's hang out together thing. Jen invites the mother-in-law. I didn't invite. She invited herself. To which you didn't say no. Anyway. Well, because you didn't say anything to me, so I didn't know. So I invite Jay. So now me and Jay are hanging out, having a good time. That evens out the situation. Well, then later on in the evening, I hear from Jen, what's the matter, hun? Oh, nothing. Something's wrong. What's the matter, hun? Well, nice to have spent a little time with you today. I'm ready to scream. I'm like, if you would have just gone, me and you, we would have had the whole day just us. Spending time together. I wasn't asking for the whole day. I said a little bit of time. It's like an arms race between you two. You know, she brought her mom and you had a, you know. I had to counter it with Jay. You had to counter it and then get Jay. I totally understand that. But the only time I was acknowledged is when I was like, hun, do you need a beer? Or, hun, I'm going to go get more tickets. The only time I was acknowledged during the whole thing. You roll it. Well, no, he doesn't. And he's still not getting any either. Oh, see, see. They hold out like that. Yeah, isn't that cute? That's what they do. It's their little way of getting us. So you're in rare form. You're Rader Eye, right? Let's roll, man. Lots to get to today. We got enemies in the paper. Few enemies in the paper. Everyone is enjoying the fact that we came in last place and they're starting to write about it in the papers. They're all having their little fun. We'll get into that in a little while. Also, I think we're going to play not one, but two rounds of Ugly Bride today. All right. Our favorite new game, Ugly Bride. There are some fine pictures in the Sunday papers and we'll get to that in a little while. Not only that, a couple of cases of jungle fever in the paper. Yeah, we'll get into that. Also, Yankees, obviously. Looking good over the weekend. Is that necessary at all? Yes, it is when I'm drinking my mocha espresso. I'm sorry. It is coming out of both ends today. I apologize. Oh, no, no, no. Mexican food last night and mocha espresso now. So it's going to be fine today. Don't even start, man. 212-757-1027. If you've got something for this mess, the fax line is 212-957-WNEW. Please send your faxes if you're working, especially on a Monday because a lot of you guys are sluggish and we could use the help. Instant feedback, www.com. Click on our pictures and instantly email us. All right, on the way, we got some in excess by request and coming back with Eve 6. 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York. Here's Eve 6. It's going to be one of those days. 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York, Red Hot Chili Peppers. They're finishing up their little tune here called Under the Bridge. I turned on the mics a little early. Sorry about that. Right about here is where I'm supposed to get in. It's Opie and Anthony. What's up, Ant? You're a pisser. I try to be. I try. See, you're like the funniest man alive and I'm just a pisser. Thank you. Thank you. That's great. It makes me feel good, Ant. Thank you very much. Thank you. Wow, look at that. What? Well, we're mentioned in the papers, Opie. Sounds flattering, isn't it? Well, we've had about four articles written on us since we threw our loser party. So, they took the bait. All the fun little radio columnists took the bait and had to write about our little loser party. They couldn't believe that a station in the last place would actually make fun of the fact that they're in last place. Oh my God, it goes against all the rules. We'd better write about this. Sure, there's nothing going on in radio. Absolutely nothing. Well, I guess John Minnelli. That was the Post article. The Post? What's with the headline? Nothing new? Like, nothing, N-E-W in 1027's loser role. This is on Page, I don't even know what page. It's in today's Post. Yeah, they have the headline, nothing new in 1027's loser role. Well, first of all, John, there's a lot of new things going on here at N-E-W and if you would listen to the station more than just two hours, you would know that, John. You see, he was writing an article on N-E-W, right? And he was talking to our boss and he confessed to our boss that he's never heard of me and Anthony. So before he writes this article where he tries to trash us, tries because it doesn't bother me actually, he decided he was going to listen for a couple hours, Anthony, and he heard us doing our loser, our we're in last place party. Yes. So they took that concept where we are throwing our loser party and playing on the loser by the Beatles and they made a headline, nothing new in 1027's loser role. Well, John, if you listen more than two hours considering you do write the radio column for the Post, or one of the guys that writes it for the Post, you would know that there's a lot of new things happening here at N-E-W. Yeah. And John, you've been in radio a long time because I know you've been a programmer for a very long time. You would also know that it takes more than six months to turn a radio station around, John. Declining ratings has been a tradition here. Well then our boss was misquoted. They didn't get the quotes right. If you're going to interview any of us here at N-E-W because everyone's having fun, you know, making fun of us that we're in last place and stuff, run tape at least. Well the New York Post can't let a pesky thing like facts get in the way of their stories. Right, right, exactly. Come on. When you read their sports section, Yankees lose two to Padres. Makes a better story. It's more compelling that way. Yes. That way we get built up, you know, for when the Yankees went. Of course. So they announced that they lost two games. But everyone's having fun with the fact that we're in last place and they think nothing is new here at N-E-W. But the fact of the matter is me and Anthony have a very faithful following already. A little core audience that is building by the day. Yeah. But John wouldn't know that because he doesn't listen to us. No. He listened for two hours before he wrote this scathing headline and article about us in the Post today. Okay. And then misquoting our boss. Declining ratings has been a tradition here. Who would say that? No, the station has sucked for many years. Yeah. We all know that, but it's not a tradition. A tradition. No one's proud that N-E-W hasn't had ratings in the last five or six years. Thank God the ratings went down again. Yeah. It's our tradition. That's what we're all about. Yeah, it's our tradition. We're trying to be in last place here. I think we're going to turn some people's heads in this town eventually. Everyone doesn't want us to succeed, Anthony, for some reason. I don't know what it is. And why did the Post stop putting that semi-naked girl in their paper? Because they're trying to be politically correct like everyone else, Anthony. That was the only thing worth buying the Post for. Yeah. So John, great article today. We enjoyed it. Nothing new in 1027's loser role. Very good. Very good. You should have at least wrote about the party we had because it was actually very fun and entertaining. Of course it was. He hadn't even explained what that was. I guarantee it's better radio than has been on the radio in the afternoons in a very long time to tell you the truth. If you read the article, it sounds like all we did was put on the Beatles' I'm a Loser and play it all weekend. We're going to sit here for four hours and just play the Beatles' I'm a Loser. It'll be outrageous, wack, zanerifical, won't it? Hey, come on. Actually, we weren't even sad that day to be honest with you because we know this whole thing is going to turn around eventually. But John doesn't see that yet because he's only listened for two hours. Call us a loser. Only we could call ourselves losers. I don't even care if we get bad press. I just wish these guys would be fair. That's all. Get your facts together. be fair. We played the first line of the Beatles' song. We didn't even play the whole song. He probably got his info from someone else that said, oh, they played I'm a Loser over and over again. No, we played like the first three seconds of the song, John. Jackass. God. Unbelievable. I wonder how successful John's stations were when he was programming. They weren't too successful. So there you go. So you got John in the post writing how we're losers. And then on Long Island, you got Peter Goodman. He writes the radio column for Newsday Loser, Loser, Loser. In his column today, he writes, in the continuing sad tale of the decline of classic rocker N.E.W., who says we're declining at this point? Says we're a classic rocker. First of all, Peter, we're not a classic rock station anymore. You write the radio column. We're not a classic rock station anymore. Nothing about how... The other station is the classic rock station now, and frankly, they play butt rock. Boring old butt rock. Nothing either about how things are changed over here. How going through a change might shake things up. Yeah, Peter Goodman writes the radio column for Newsday for Long Island mostly. Me and Anthony pretty much born and raised on Long Island. And let's face it, Long Island radio is very, very, very boring, Peter. And you know that. Me and Anthony worked at BAB for three years. There's nothing going on on the island radio-wise. I guarantee more people are being entertained by our show in the first four months that we've been here than listening to any other station in Afternoon Drive on Long Island. He didn't write about anything going on at the station. There's less facts in here than hair on Peter Goodman's head. That is a five or six head. And I see he wears glasses. Maybe he needs hearing aids too so he can listen to the show and write a better article. Yeah, really? Plus, he's avoided us. We're Long Island boys and he's completely avoided us. He hasn't written an article about us to see what we're about. He hasn't come down here like David Hinckley did to see what the show is all about. If we were Zane-tassed, fan-tas-ter-ific DJs, Opie, coming in to New York and sat down and interview or something, I'm sure it would be a huge story. We ain't kissing his ass like Bob Buckman kisses his ass. We don't kiss anyone's ass. Nope. That's what we're about. We do our thing, we'll get a faithful audience and we're going to do just fine. These guys are going to be so ticked off and pissed that we do fine. We don't care right about us. We love it. But try to get some stuff right. Just get your facts together. We're not a classic rock station anymore. It's not a sad tale of the decline of N.E.W. anymore. Things have started to change and if you've been listening more than maybe five minutes a day you would realize that at this point. This is the story that should have been written months ago, like last year let's say, before any changes were made here at N.E.W. Then it would be a sad tale of the decline of classic rock. Nothing changed. Classic rock. Same stuff. I mean there's new things going on here. A lot of new things. The show is getting some great feedback at this point. We've only been here four months. It takes a long time to turn a radio station around but everyone's having their little fun with our loser party and coming in last. No one's really paying attention to what is actually going on here. The people that write about this stuff. I turned Peter's picture upside down. Now draw a mouth on his forehead. Okay. Draw a smiley mouth because he's got a beard and mustache so it looks like the hair on his head. And a nose right under his glasses. Okay. Take it out. Look at him. That looks pretty good. He's the only man that looks better upside down with a drawn in face. Wow. Very nice. Well thanks Peter. So all the critics having their little fun today once again about Opie and Anthony and W.N.E.W. At our expense. That's okay. Well honestly like I said we don't care. Just get your facts right. You know realize we're not a classic rock station anymore. Realize that we're not playing butt rock anymore like the other station. Realize that we're not a bunch of Howard Stern juniors over here. You know riding the coattails of the man. We're trying to do something completely different here. So start writing about that idiots. All right. Lovely. And we rock on. Yeah we'll rock on. I just want to get that off our chest today. That's it. All right. A little fun. No the listeners will have a lot more actually. I'm going to call them like crazy. They're probably trying to tell us to shut up. But all right on the way we got tragically hip some Pink Floyd. And if you got something for the show 2 1 2 7 5 7 1 0 2 7. Why don't you put it on the air. You're on the air. You're on the air. We put everything on the air. What do you think? No. We're scared of you. I don't believe you guys. Turn the radio away from your spaceship from the mothership and tune to the station. God I hate people. It's going to be one of those days. I'm telling you now. What was she taking? I don't know. I see a point in there somewhere I guess. I have no idea. The points on her head. Yes. Well it's pretty cool. It's open after. By the way all the faithful listeners are chiming in and they're really ticked off just like us and we like that. Yeah. We like when the faithful listeners get as pissed off as we are. This all stemmed from today. A bunch of newspapers are writing articles on any W and how we're in last place and that we're all losers and stuff. The headline of the post is nothing new in 1027's loser role. So they call the station a loser which means they're pretty much calling our listeners losers. Well that's the whole thing I think. You know if they call us losers what does that say about the people that listen? You know what's this guy's angle? That everybody's a loser? Yeah. Pretty much. If you're listening to Opien Anthony right now you too are a loser. Isn't that cute? That's great. This comes from John Minelli from the post who admitted to our boss that he listened to our show for less than two hours. He listened to about a half a show and then wrote a whole article how we're in last place and that we're losers. Nothing new in 1027's loser role. We're a bunch of losers Anthony. You, me, the listeners, everyone that works on this building we're all losers. That's right. There you go. Now the point me and Anthony are trying to make today, you know we're going to have a lot of articles written about us. We know that. That's okay. I don't really care if the papers don't like us. That's fine. You know you write whatever you want but I just wish these guys would get all their facts straight. We always said the second the newspaper people like you, you suck. Yeah pretty much. That's when if you ever see a radio guy being written about nicely in the newspaper they're un-listenable. They're horrid. Means they're a buzzer. So we want to like help John Minelli out because I'm sure he's going to write other articles about me and Anthony and the station. You know he obviously isn't going to tune in to hear us because he doesn't have time even though he writes the radio column for the Post or one of the guys that writes the column. So I was thinking maybe the listeners could help him out and give him a call personally and maybe explain what me and Anthony are trying to do and what the station is trying to do. Well that might actually help. There's only one problem, Opi. It's so hard to get the phone number of these guys. Of John Minelli from the New York Post? Yeah, to have all our listeners call him up and tell him how they feel about the article. Actually Anthony it took me ten seconds to find the number. Oh if we give the number out maybe then it will be easier. Is that what you're saying? Yeah, we want you guys to pretty much call him around the clock for the next few days so he'll have all his facts straight for the next stupid article he writes about you and I and the station. Well there you go. So John Minelli's number is 212-973-9336. Please use your intelligence. What was that? 212-973-9336 and of course we have the number here. Rick will give it to you if you need it. Maybe just set him straight a little bit. He's not the only one on our S list. Then you've got Peter Goodman from Newsday who has blown me and Anthony off since coming back to town. Obviously I spent three years at BAE on the island. I was kicked out basically because they really didn't understand what me and Anthony were we had some killer ratings in Ozzie on Hotline. All right, we'll talk to Ozzie in a bit. But anyways, Peter Goodman is getting all his facts wrong too. He still thinks we're a classic rock station. He writes in this article today in Newsday, in the continuing sad tale of the decline of N.E.W. We're not declining anymore. Anyone who does this for a living knows that it takes a while to turn a radio station around. Simple as that. N.E.W.'s had pretty bad ratings for a long time now. So it's going to take more than four months or six months. It might take a year and a half to turn this place around. All I know is from the feedback we're getting, people are really starting to dig the O.P. and Anthony show. Simple as that. Well, Peter, he had a problem with those facts and maybe he needs some enlightening by our listeners. So the next time he writes about N.E.W. or our show, at least he'll have his facts straight. Maybe you guys can call and tell him that it's not a classic rock station anymore. We are mixing some of the best stuff from the past with some of the good stuff from the current times. We're not like the other station in town that's just an old butt rock station playing just old butt rock. We're not like the other station that is making believe they're a rock station playing disco tunes in between the songs with their whole Howard Stern Jr.'s on the air. Let's all try to be like Howard after he gets off the air. We'll play disco in between the rock songs but we're really a rock station. Disco. Well, that's what I hear sometimes. I don't know what's going on over there. So I don't know if you guys on the island that remember me and Anthony from the old days could help us out and call Peter Goodman and set him straight and explain maybe what our show is about and what N.E.W. has been doing for the last four months. That would help us too, okay? Right. So Peter Goodman's direct line. I don't give a F anymore. We don't care. Come on. 516-843-2943. What's that number? 516-843-2943. And once again, please use your intelligence, not your stupidity. Okay. All right? And like I said earlier, I don't care if these guys write bad articles about us, but we're just looking for all the facts to be presented in the papers. Yeah, that's all. And the New York Times, they're another story. They actually had someone from L.A. write about me and Anthony and they never heard their show. So I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. Would you consider your station a classic rock station still? Oh, please. Well, Peter Goodman from Newsday does. Screw him. Screw him all up. Well, people want his phone number so they can leave a little message. So he'll have all his facts next time he writes about us and any W. Exactly. Peter Goodman who writes the radio column for Long Island's Newsday, 516-843-2943. How to pass it along because people are asking about that, okay? Good deal. Oh, we got Ozzy. Ozzy Osbourne. Yes, Black Sabbath. This is pretty cool. They're doing an in-store tonight at midnight at Virgin Megastore. The whole band is going to be down there. It's going to be nuts. Let's talk to Oz. We need some of the UN translators because I remember the last time we talked to Ozzy, I could barely understand them. So if you're listening at home, maybe you could transcribe this interview that we're about to have with Ozzy. He can hear us too. Just kidding, Oz. Maybe fax it in to us so we know exactly what he said back. Actually the Black Sabbath fans are real good at this. They're used to these Ozzy rants. So we love Ozzy. The fax line is 212-957-WNEW. Let's say hi to Ozzy. Ozzy! Ozzy Osbourne! That's Ozzy. Yeah! That's right. Hey, you know, we need some advice from you today, Ozzy. We have all the papers writing nasty articles about us and they're not getting any of the facts about what we're doing here. You know what, man? I was just listening in as you were talking. That's been the story of my life. Don't play, don't bother. You don't play your music for them assholes. You play for the people that listen to your radio show. And whatever you feel cool about, you keep on the spirit of what you want to keep on playing the music for. Right on, Ozzy. Don't get swayed by those creeps because they'll drive you out of a job, man. Well, they're calling our station the Loser Station, I mean Anthony Loser. So Ozzy, I think you're a loser too because you're even talking to us. No, but you know what? From day one, we Black Sabbath first released in 1970. They said it would never last, it would never happen, and maybe our 30 years later we'll still do it bigger if it's not bigger. Ozzy! Yeah, take it from Ozzy. I'm going to be with the losers. I like the losers, man, because losers are cool people. It's good company, right? Yeah. I know, I know goddamn losers, and neither do you guys, but you please still play your music from your heart, man. There you go. So you got this double CD out, huh? Yeah. Reunion is a great CD, man. I don't want to thank myself. I'm really proud of it, man. Yeah, it's really cool. It's got all the faves on here. Sabbath, Bloody Sabbath, War Pigs, Ferries Wear Boots. Absolutely. Have you heard the new studio track? Yeah, it's pretty hot. Yeah, it's good. Hey, Oz, do you still rule your own household? No, the wife does. That's what I'm hearing more and more in all the interviews. It looks like the wife's got Ozzy's ballies. No, she hasn't. She just, she just, my wife's a permanent shop owner. She goes, I went past the shop tonight, I bought you this new jacket. How much is that, darling? $5,000. Oh, okay. I walk around like Coco, the clown for a week, you know. I actually heard you had your balls removed, and she keeps them in the purse, and you have to ask permission to have them. No, no, it's not that good yet. Not yet, huh? Not yet. Sorry for it, though, but I was a light sleeper. There you go. Hey, Ozzy, is this true? I hear, what is it? Isn't it, one of your daughters is going out with one of the Hanson kids? No, no, no, no, no. What's up with that, Ozzy? I don't know, it's another lie, like you get lied about, you know, it's another lie. Is it? How did that one get concocted? I just hope she's not going out with Frank and Hanson. The same guy that wrote about you guys from LA, probably wrote the same thing about my daughter, you know. That's almost lesbian going out with Hanson kids. She's real pissed off about that. Really? What a bad rap. I know well, you know, we all get them. Listen, are you guys coming to the In-Store at Virgin Megastore tonight at midnight? Yes, of course, it's the first ever Black Sabbath In-Store. It's happening at Virgin Records in Midtown, and it's going to be at midnight. I want to see a lot of people there. I want to see everybody go crazy tonight. Stop this traffic, you know? I don't know, in New York City at midnight, you probably won't get that many Cooke's coming out. I don't know. Do you reckon? I don't know. Hey, if you see Hillary on the streets today, could you punch her in the face for us? Who's Hillary? Yeah, exactly. She's in town again, so we're all going to have a miserable ride home because she's going to go shopping. Hillary Clinton is probably going to be down there. She's a big Black Sabbath fan, I hear. Maybe you could bag her, Ozzy. No, I mean Monica seems to be the one to go for this, so. The chubby Jason. You've got to be honest, she's president of yours. I don't know how many of you have died testing, man, because you know. You're the president of the United States, the most powerful man in the world, and you can't get better-looking chicks than that. There's something wrong. Ozzy. Pick him a rock guitar and learn to play rock and roll instead of a saxophone, man. I'd better never pick a saxophone, man. Hey, Ozzy, in your worst, drunken, drugged-out stupor, would you ever do a pig like Monica Lewinsky? Yeah, I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. I would. Alright, come on. You do Paula. What would the circumstances be for Ozzie to do Paula Jones? Four tubs of masculine, four cups of coke, Paula Ticola, and a smack on the back of the head off the wife. How about you bite the head off a bat, but he won't kiss Paula Jones? I'll kiss her ass. There you go. Alright Oz. Alright man, take care. We'll see you tonight in store. Virgin mega store at midnight. I can't wait actually. is One oh two seven, WNEW, the Rock of New York. It's Tom Petty. Some people consider this a classic rock song, Anthony. Really? But we're going to follow it up with Lenny Kravitz, which is a new song. Oh, this looks confused the hell out of me. So we are still the Rock of New York. We're not the classic rock station. Yeah! One oh two seven, WNEW, the Rock of New York. The latest from Lenny Kravitz, Fly Away. See if you're a classic rock station, you can't play Lenny Kravitz's latest. Peter Goodman. Peter. Hello, Peter. We're talking to you today. Yes. You didn't have your facts right again when you were talking about us and NEW. It's all right, Ope. We've got our listeners on it. In Newsday today, in the continuing sad tale of the decline of classic rocker, NEW. No, we're not a classic rock station anymore, Peter. Well his story is a little dated. There isn't one. There isn't his updated facts. I admit there's one classic rock station in New York now and they play butt rock. We like to call it butt rock. Stuff you've heard ten thousand times in the month of October alone. The month of October. The month of Rocktober. Yeah, you guys can have that one by the way. We don't want it anymore. We really don't need that anymore. Sorry. We're going with Rock-vember. We're going to be totally outrageous. There you go. So we're trying to teach Peter Goodman from Newsday and John Minnelli from The Post what we're trying to do here because both seem a little clueless in their articles today about us and NEW. The faithful listeners actually are calling up the two lovely columnists to explain exactly what's going on here at NEW the last four to six months. We got the phone numbers here at the station if you need them. We want you to get a hold of them and explain it to them in a nice intelligent way. All right? All right. Very good. Do you want to move on to some fun? Yeah, definitely. What's more fun than games, Opie? Oh, my favorite game is. It is Monday. Yes. We do have the Sunday edition of both Newsday and what do you have over there? The Star Ledger. The Star Ledger. Got to get our Jersey listeners involved today. Of course, we're talking about the wedding section where they have the lovely photons of the brides and grooms that have been recently wed. Yes. And of course, this must mean we're going to be playing our favorite game, Ugly Bride. Ugly Bride. Yes, Anthony. It's an easy game. Now I got to explain some before we move on really fast here. We got a ton of email and faxes and stuff last week. Everyone wanted to know why we didn't play Ugly Bride last week. Well, we couldn't play Ugly Bride because all the photographs were really hot. Yeah, we're not BSing here. Ugly Bride contest last week because all the brides looked lovely. But this week is a different story, isn't it, Anthony? Well, lack of hideousness. It was canceled last week. There were some hotties last week. Yeah, big time. Lucky, uh, grooms. But this week, we definitely have some candidates. And remember, ladies, if you did send your picture into the paper, all brides are beautiful. There's just bad photographs. Just bad photos. So which paper do you want to start with today, Anthony? Let's start with the, uh, start with the Jersey paper. Yeah, the Ledger. Okay, so if you got the Sunday Star Ledger and you got the wedding photos, you give us a call right now to play Ugly Bride. 212-757-1027. Let me see that. I want to see. Did you pick somebody already? Oh, yes, I did. Which one? On this side? Uh, right there. Right there? Oh my God. Now the winner of Ugly Bride today will win an ONA prize package, which includes a $20,000 ONA t-shirt. Oh, wow. You really want to wear that. And a new Aerosmith CD, double CD, that's not in storage yet, right? It's not on sale yet? No. Actually, I don't even have a copy of this. Little south of Sanity. Wow, we actually have prizes? Yeah, we do for Ugly Bride. You don't just win the opportunity to ruin somebody's perfect day? No, of course not. Huh. So if you want to play Ugly Bride, 212-757-1027. On the way, some Hendrix and Marcy playgrounds. Stay there. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. The Clash, of course. Train in Vain. It's Opie and Anthony. Got to remind you guys, we got something really cool tomorrow. NEW has your tickets to an invitation-only performance by R.E.M. I think this is going to be the only concert they do for this new CD. Yeah, that's what I'm hearing. In-a-mit performance for 400 people on Wednesday night and beginning tomorrow at 3 on our show. We're going to have your tickets. This is going to be so freaking cool. It's going to happen at the Bowery Ballroom, I believe. All right. We'll see you tomorrow like you do every day, hopefully. Intimate setting. Yes. At this time, we got to move on with Ugly Bride. We got our contestants on the line waiting to play. Anthony, want to give the rules real fast again? Well, we're choosing the bridal section of the Star Ledger this week. And you know how they have the pictures of the brides and grooms that have recently been married? Well, we pick out who we deem Ugly Bride of the week. Yes. Our third job is to get a copy of the same paper and pick the same Ugly Bride as we did. You have to match us. Yes. And if you do that, you're going to win an Aerosmith CD, an Opium Anthony t-shirt. Makes a good oil rig. I watched a car with it a couple of times. What the heck? That's all. All right. And the pleasure of knowing you've destroyed somebody's great day. Well, that's not true. I mean, before we move on here, I've got to explain once again that there are no Ugly Brides, Anthony. Just bad photographs. Well, we all know that. Okay. I'm sure as she walked down the aisle, she looked lovely. There you go. So without further ado, let's get our contestant on the line here. Okay. Rob. Yo. What's up, man? Where you calling from? I'm calling from Wippenick. All right. You got the Star Ledger from Sunday? Yeah, I'm looking at it. It looks like a three-way tie here. Well, I got to explain. We're not going to pick on the old people. Yeah, no, no. I got it. I already figured that out. I mean, we do have a heart. And don't be confused by the engagement announcement. I got you there. Which I think has a ringer. Yeah, she was the... Actually, she was the ringer, but then we realized that it's an engagement photo. I opened it up and I saw it. I said, that's the one, but then I realized it's an engagement. Am I going with the name here or am I? Let's do it right now. Who do you think is the ugliest bride in the Sunday Star Ledger? Oh, it's got to be the one from the Peterson board chat picture. Yeah! Bravo! Goddamn, that's funny. Yes, Joanne is this week's ugliest bride. I was kind of sad because I knew somebody's picture was supposed to be in there this week, but I missed it. I was kind of worried. Oh, the daughter of Carol and Robert. Joanne. You got it. She just said she looks scared or something. Am I going to hell now or what? Yes. Well, yeah, but we'll be there and we're bringing a keg, so... Nice. It should be okay. Excellent. We're going to give you that Aerosmith CD that's not even out yet, and we're going to give you the ONA T-shirt. Actually, I didn't know you guys had T-shirts out. Oh, yeah, man. Good deal. You've got a loyal listener here. What do you think of Joanne's picture on the paper? Not much. No, huh? No. Would anything have helped, you think? A couple cases, maybe. I think it was the photograph, Ophie. Yeah, of course. There's no ugly bride. It's just bad photographs. Yeah. She's got a head pulling back. She's got like a double chin going. I hope it's just because her head's pulled back and it's just pulling down like that. I think it's just the way it is. I think it's just the way it is. I think it's just the way it is. Well, let's take a look at a couple of the other pictures really fast here while we got you on the line, Rob. All righty. Did you see the Jungle Fever couple? Yeah, we were sitting here actually just trying to pick out. They were the backups. They were the runner-ups we had going. Man, the photographer needed a better flash cube, I think. It wasn't as sunny out this weekend, too. You can't see the sun. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was a little bit cloudy. It was sunny out this weekend, too. You can't see the guy's face. No, no, exactly. I'd be upset if I was black and I made it into the newspaper because a lot of the times the newsprint just totally blots out your face. Yeah, exactly. Oh, it's awful. That's a rotten picture right there. She's got that awful-looking pancake-looking hat on top of her head, too. Yeah, but she wasn't as ugly as Joanne. And then before we move on here, we've got to talk about the guy who married Tara Lipinski right adam is marrying i tell the kids he looks like you guys like you think five and she looks like you can't do it yet is a cradle robber but she's i mean she killed when it goes to toes her nose is in it and when they know it's a nose her toes is a the that'll get a good the carter feet at the ground legal i robert thanks for playing ugly bride and that's a hold on the line to claim your prize you got it all right one of these seven w any doubt that you know i can't be a large blondie of course one way or another billy eidle and kissed to kiss come to town madison square garden november twenty third it's open and it's anthony and as you guys listening and we totally appreciate that i guess peter goodman from newsday and john manali from the post to want to play anymore their lines are busy you think that they are not i'm sure they want to deal with this is that even something you do these days we need to take it off the hook take off the hog and i don't know how do you take a phone off the hook down to get in the old days that's true made from plug-in a button yeah but if you're just doing a good job in your car me and anthony have pretty much had it with uh... all these like radio reporters yeah except for david hickory until he has is this is as often as been very fair he's written a couple things about us and at least uh... david hickory when he writes an article about any double you know pete anthony he'll spend some time to listen to the show he even came down here he interviewed us he got all his facts together and then he wrote his article you know this is the united states of america he has his opinions and he's allowed to spew them john manali on the other hand for the post admitted to our boss that he heard me and anthony for two hours because you know our boss told them before you write this article opposed to at least listen to the guys so he gave it to two hours maybe and then wrote pretty much uh... a ridiculous articles uh... for the post today uh... and then peter goodman same case on the island east uh... from news day he thinks were classic rock station we've only been trying to be the rock in new york for six months he still doesn't get what what the rock in new york means a lot of classic rock station means yet do we play elements of classic rock here in the delhi still of course there's a lot of great tunes that are uh... that are worth playing on the air still or also try to update the music in the senate and w and play some of our the harder newer bands small scope of rock yes that's all but they're going to think for a classic rock station so our faithful listeners have been calling these uh... two morons for last two and a half hours and uh... i guess they finally had a kiss uh... you know it's busy uh... fine so there you know and and to the faithful listeners we totally appreciate it because we've had it i mean if they want to write their nasty articles about us in the station that's fine that's their right of course we don't care we just want uh... them to have all their facts uh... together before the right these uh... articles i mean that the post is called as losers saying there's nothing new at and at the loser station w a w whatever it is i don't have the article from me anymore so i i'm personally think if they're calling us losers are calling our listeners losers so that would pretty much make sense here so that's great does that make you feel out there in the car as you're in traffic or trying to entertain you after a hard day uh... work out fantastic we do have the phone numbers here though because uh... i suggest people continue calling tomorrow so we think it all their facts together when they write the next article about us or any w ryan that's only fair i think yeah and it was a guy i'll say hi to jeff here jeffrey went to john glenn high school uh... rumored that i attended john glenn yes you did in uh... elwood yes i did i did go to john glenn high school and uh... this guy said i'd be proud of uh... me and my friends i snuck into the tender trap and managed not to get kicked out where where and where where we'll get back to the sex gun hermits in your house god our big big boss we have some interesting information to shed some light on this okay okay we actually have he's got the ratings book out i know we actually have are you gonna wax somebody bought well we have to have to get in the week in the course of the week we have nine hundred and fifty six thousand listeners while okay okay that's nine hundred and fifty six thousand different people come to the radio station in one week in one week what's the first paper that rest of us uh... the post okay the post has three hundred and forty three thousand people's circulated okay i they are the fifth newspaper circulation was so that's too bad so they're losing paper what's the other paper that rest of the news that newsday they have five hundred and sixty thousand circulated that's about four hundred thousand less than us right here right in fact the number one circulation is the daily news right alright your hometown paper six hundred eighty five thousand circulation right so we have been in that we're bigger than all the papers and they're calling us the losers all of those are yet great maybe we should critique them we've we haven't critiquing that we're not sure if the yankees one or not yet it says it on the back of the post but i'm not going to believe it they let things they've they they don't let the pesky things like facts right in the way of a good story of course we're not sure if the yankees one last night boss and the post is saying they want but how can we take anything they say for camp can't write babies for clearing that up looking to carry that out of his research all day doesn't take you off when you read that stuff in the papers yet that's not not i mean they're allowed to write whatever they want of course but they can get their facts together before they write those articles years ago there was a guy channel for jerry nackman who was the news director who got so tired of the papers trash them that he started a feature checking everything the paper did all real act checking and all that stuff but nobody was interested in thinking of the future lack of interest yeah what if the list is even care but i'm surprised you even get that far down in the area column after says ten ten wins you know is number one i have no response very good our boss got her that's a very interesting fact to clear on that up we actually reach more people and uh... the post in the bill is there are the post in the news but he's showing you personally i see that the the charts and grass everything i hated in school uh... and look at that well thanks for clearing that up thank you i get to keep this we feel we definitely feel better now and uh... and the guys from the post in the news day there you know their phones busy now i guess they want to play right they want to play with us anymore and i think that now now they're take the whole for a little bit back to that in some feedback and just now later there and we got that bruce bracing thing from tracks we played it all weekend long i hope you had a chance to hear it if you didn't stick around play it next one or two seven w any delhi the rock of new york we got a track from tracks i hope you heard this over the weekend we had the world premier of uh... of bruce brinkstein this is growing up one or two seven w any delhi the rock of new york the latest from kenny wayne shepard that's blue on black is hoping at the main thanks for tuning in today were a little ticked off and we finally had it and we're uh... expressing our our uh... our uh... opinions on the air today i guess is a way to look at it for feelings if you're listening last week uh... we found out that we came in last in the ratings to me and anthony through what we called a loser party we understand how uh... this works we came in a station that was some will floundering for a few years will stagnant some changes going down at any w uh... hopefully will rouse the troops get some people back to the station but these things don't happen overnight we're not silly we understand that so as we uh... build the station back up we go through uh... what they call lousy ratings period yes uh... happened and we ended up in last place we understand that we have fun with it and instead of sitting here crying and then feeling bad for ourselves we decided to make light of it and have some fun which we did because we have to be basically don't give up half so when the papers right that we're uh... in last place but don't uh... explain that there are new things happening here at any time that we're in a transitional period right they just uh... call us like a a classic rock station which it isn't anymore no i hear any really quickly get that on the table any w is not a classic rock station anymore we play a lot of good classic rock we play some classic rock yes but we also play a lot of new rock and that's where we're trying to get some uh... new people listening to the station by playing some of the new iraq but the point is a lot of these newspaper guys that wrote about us uh... they don't explain the whole story no that's how newspapers are because they want to see us fail basically so a lot of the news is t v it too but you know they they either want to fail or they just they don't have time for things like that that's the thing a quick headline uh... which we find out as far as the post is concerned the guided even right yet and nothing any w and nothing new in one of two seven to lose a role right there's a lot of new things going on there's a uh... ton of new things going on and we're picking up new listeners every day but uh... this is a guy's name on their john manali and and he we we we talked to him earlier and he says party right that line yet their name is on the paper right and you didn't write the headline you're not responsible for the headline in your own article that you're right is that pathetic john i think it is and when he contacted our boss to tell them that he was writing an article on any w he admitted that he's never heard of the nanny and this article this little blurb whatever there's a lot of open and in here so we found out after the fact that he did to listen for two hours when we're having our loser party and then made all these assumptions that nothing is new here is the same old thing no it's not the same old thing and just wait you'll see that it isn't okay just get it straight go the extra mile and get the facts before you you write a story and trust me me and anthony are used to the uh... were very used to and press yet we could if you care we could put all our bed press on the internet you'll get bored reading it all but you know the difference though in the past was that the people get their facts together and then wrote whatever they want and that's fine that's your right as a columnist exactly but these people they don't even get their facts that the guy doesn't listen to us he's listen two hours and he's right in this whole article about how nothing is new at any of the so i was uh... jackass number one john manali and then we had jackass number two peter goodman from newsday from us newsday snooze day who writes uh... about the radio on long island which is probably the most boring radio market in the world you know i'd like my work there for three years it was fun i had a good time but honestly come on is there really anything going on there snooze aroni here snooze fest so i'll be a goodman decide take his little shots at us today you know and he's had the opportunity just like david hinkley to come in and see what open anthony is all about what uh... any delhi's trying to accomplish here and he's obviously passed so far he's decided he'll just trash us david hinkley spent the afternoon here uh... he's listen to the show for a couple weeks from delhi and you know the daily news and he wrote what i'd consider a fair article cuz he had all his facts right peter goodman in today's news day in the radio column in the continuing said tale of the decline of classic rocker w any w peter we're not a classic rock station any more and yes we did throw a loser's party on the air but it was it was all fun explain lines but he makes it out to be like we're sitting here all the press and said about the ratings and thrown ourselves a loser party trust me mean anthony are not losers here last year you could write that story because essentially this but was a classic rock station you know that had been stagnating for years yes without anything new being pumped into it yes so that when you write a story like you just wrote peter uh... people get the idea that it's the same thing yet that nothing has changed and it is still a stagnating classic rock station peter were playing a ton of new bands here at any doubted the radio guide turn on the radio yet figure it out if it was the stations playing new bands that's not a classic rock station peter i have to look at the educate these people with dope that educate men right along our goal exactly about what's going on here at the station anyway we have to get them in the sun on the line is called it to defend his father i guess well we can really confirm that this is actually peter goodman's son but it it sounds like it possibly could be a disease angry that's kind of noble did want to call and defend his father again that hi is this it is peter goodman's son alright what do you got okay uh... with it hoping that the uh... hoping and make your own here by the way i am yeah okay thank you very much now i just wanted to say on it we took your father you know he's at work what is he writing what you're writing i don't know what you're not a and i'm not being because we can talk to him uh... you're you're claiming that none of our listeners are trying to call him to okay get how old are you i'm fourteen it's better not to think that about my dad and more okay just written now i i don't want to like all your everything you're saying that my dad doesn't do any research about it and he doesn't pay attention to the fact that before you move on to do with the paper today uh... you know okay uh... the first line he says in the continuing said tell the decline of classic rocker any w is any w a classic rock station no it's not well understand that okay we we are you say your father does research he didn't do his research is not a classic russian carry going to be a good that they'll be fine why am i talking to a fourteen-year-old about this she was he's you know what i'm probably one of the last day she went away all this was a near home numbers i could call your father in your home numbers i could call you father give you my number why why do you have a list of one of our two dead tonight i can't care less with the listeners one you obviously care to your corner sarcastically you because i can't wait to hear about my dad on the air and you have any hair yes i've got plenty of hair it's not going to be a little like you guys are not either for long okay that's genetic you know you see a father i know i'm gonna go bald i'll give i'll get your reality staring in the face when you see his picture of now what was that they can buy a little i like to know i think i have a great day i know he's all right i know i'm gonna go by what was the picture taken out for the news a cop is mostly scholars they have a photograph taken like that nineteen sixty and they just you know keep it for thirty eight years i know that there's a pretty recent picture of taking on your third birthday i don't know like two months ago okay good he told the readers because every time i get into the car with him he turns on one or two seven right and he made it to you guys right and he like any he's always talking to be about like all the different radio stations and he's always like arguing with me about the different styles and i would listen to your station and the music i hear it sounds like classic rock as you know i have a boyfriend your station sucks crap okay and you can't talk about my mom or my dad one more time i swear to god i'm gonna go down there and rip your fucking freaking heart out okay alright you're a funny kid oh yeah you're a funny kid head too continue uh oh hello we lose him yeah he's gone oh come on you're a little harsh on the kid oh no he had some chops to him i could appreciate a kid with chops like that scott spunk that kid alright so should we educate the audience really fast well the audience knows the critics out there they're all listening from their lovely little papers okay n.a.w. is now the rock of new york that means we kind of play the best of the old and best in there lack of a better way to explain it okay so you hear some cool stuff from the past and you'll hear some cool stuff from today's rock right then you got the classic rock station in town they played but old rock right but rock we like to call them down okay and then you got the other station trying to be uh... a rock station howard station yeah but in between trying to be a rock station they play a lot of disco right i have noticed that an occasion a lot of stuff where you're a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a a their jobs are howard stern juniors basically okay so now we got all figured out right that's pretty much the other spells it out right okay thank you phones may look crazy here uh... david matthews band his latest for you laughing at it was laughing at the whole and i think that we would decide to take it out to not come on and we got some red rider next day there and i got a fax here uh... i just called john manali from the new york post and it appears that he is very short on time these days not only did he just have two hours to devote to your program but he's currently working towards a deadline he asked me to call back later i just want to inform the listeners so they could plan their calls appropriately i think he's uh... writing an article on that hot brand new talent howard stern i think he's just a scum about that that a kid might do something someday you know i better write about in the post just getting uh... that together i guess let's move on here here's red rider well to seven w any double you the right in new york that's the latest from the day matthews band that's crushed you see a classic rock station can play the latest from the day matthews band or have been at the beginning comments actually the year two thousand twenty five and that's now a classic rock station maybe i saw hello what day and we should move on a little bit here yes exactly here at the your power and he's on the phone randy you know anyone who was causing was something interesting where are you at all brandy randy randy and they had all that we got on the air live man uh... okay i heard you want to ask uh... anthony something that's what i'm aware of our weekend i try karma about six seven times at a extra seat in the world series there and he was around like uh... but that's the ticket are you kidding me i've tried calling out at least a half a dozen times and call it back into listen to the show friday randy now i was up in massachusetts going to the renaissance fair said my with my mother-in-law online all wants to go to that pesky old world series anyway here you can take a look but that's all you know are you kidding did you really have an extra ticket that's it could be the last game i get to you know i think we're going to have to get a little bit of a problem for you brought the world series for the renaissance festival i didn't know i left friday afternoon after the show when did you call me uh... saturday and sunday both days uh... well uh... that's all right you know i'm sure the yankees will be in the world series next year that possibility that we've got a lot of money to change colors dot uh... jenis given at the the look at that right now uh... really care actually back and i really really care uh... we go to the renaissance fair every year so it's not like a dragon somewhere he didn't want to go to the military i like the yankee world series every year i like you know about the world series before we got up there so exactly of my god well if they come back here maybe we'll get another seat they get to take a back uh... wait a minute let me get this straight i went to the renaissance fair i missed going to the world series and jen's mad at me and why am i mad at you how does this work you expect me how i'm mad at you i'm just looking at you and i'm detecting uh... anger your detection's off and you but you guys wonder why opi's not married huh yeah this is a good girl opi's not married but he has to go watch the leaves change and i don't know i had a manly weekend this past weekend past weekend but who i want him to pick i want lots of sports this weekend no red card for your company man looks he's so pissed on that he's gonna try to tag me and i don't care opi if i had your number i would have to uh... i appreciate it i can still hang with you uh... alright who knows there you go and you've you've started a lot of trouble here now apparently so apparently so i'm gonna get off the phone and let them uh... hash it out well randy has a history of doing this to me was when jen you used to ten bar extended by down uh... was that off broadway by to be in green lawn and and randy would go there after work and jen's tendon bar randy would get her so wound up in pissed off that i would walk in after work hi honey and i told randy one day i go you know what you do it's like you'd you take a job to be used shake it up all day and then open it up and put it in my face because that's exactly what he did it well you know and you weren't uh... angel in that either because he'd go here do this and you just go ahead and do it go ahead and then the next thing you know i'm screaming at you because the randy and pissed me off with it all day oh she hated when you took like the ashtray on the bar when we're just you know that's what the guy was going to be a burden fingers off or something i was doing that imitating him and then he goes yeah do this curl your fingers up and put him in jen's face do that she gets really pissed i'm like okay he likes that well mad at me that way that love me though all right i'm not going to let you go by via uh... he got a you can watch the world's here and that's all right i had fun anyway very yet could you hit a button over there ok now because i'd like to see a sweat man all right on the way we get some air clout and i think they know it's open and they back out to the classic rock here at any w that we love to play uh... i think when this song came out me and anthony were in on uh... in the foxhole shooting and stuff and we had a walkman's on and when and we heard this on for the first time walkman's in on well yeah just go with it all right and focus it's a classic yes and what is it it's uh... green day oh yeah i remember that has been a classic rock station we can't possibly be playing anything they open for the whole that's right and what stock and right one of two seven w any double you know rock in new york eric claptain the police and green day in there from the m ride time of your life and so be that today thanks for checking us out today we appreciate it sure do sorry that we're pitching most of the time today but uh... we still have time to do some type of show here yeah actually i was he was fun earlier i was he was a lot of fun he's always fun when uh... we get to talk to him i just left all of listening to him talk you know uh... you know don't go to the level of combo sale why and i'm not my positive english translation but there are a lot of evidence of feedback well i want to hit on this earlier at jeff from east north port long island chicken in my hometown of the uh... harbor field socks easy no this guy i goes to to john glenn high school and it said it's rumored that you attended john glenn and yes i did i attended sometimes i like the at that i'll get to that a little later but says um... went to the tender trap and managed not to get kicked out now that's what i did tell when i was a good the tender trap uh... i did a bar in long island today's dead down the road was better bro he had i could get into the tender trap and i was like i was sixteen so i i relate to it is uh... this could send and it was uh... i i remember going with a pile of quarters and part of the bar shaking as this uh... bartender and smiled and gave me a beer and i i nurse thing until it was probably a hundred degrees swill at the bottom of the bottle just like gazing around there she would get when uh... the waitress will come around and try to you know personal appear on yet you just didn't have money to have the money but i don't believe right there's like a seven dollar beer and through as a kid you're you know you only make ten dollars on your paper route i'm giving a q tip in there and wetting my lips with it he said i'm fine thank plenty of beer here but also in the coming around like i don't know here they come again on our own and when i say this time you know uh... it's horrible and that's where i saw my first uh... rug act open swirly uh... the dancer they don't you don't see this much anymore in the district comes don't do any of the good stuff anymore from the old days take the quilt and they probably had since they were like in eighth grade off their bed that they're grandma quilted for me at the end bring it into the bar with them on the stage and spread that thing out go to do boxes the girls at a paper on music and i'm not the janey we got another now you get the dj i'll break it on time they might remember that is my and often cheerleader let's give a big hand having a couple of the stage right now the girls used to have to go to do a box put in their own quarters pick out a few states you've turns you up and go out there i'd like when they start dancing and it's like you know being to teach you to make start like half-assed kind of going to it like i'm i think that they reject david jack i think this time she just wasn't feeling for that so i have wasn't working in the end of the rug act there goes the quilt in my first rocket remember opi we got to know who needs tomorrow yeah there she was yes straddled on that thing well my nursing might be at the tender trap my first the strip club song was there is a how old the state new or a new now hardcore they call all around yeah it was a hard where was that danny's that was dan is then down the street this now i had the parking lot for the supermarket over there and uh... the girls come out and i thought this is going to be so cool as the first time sister come like a lot of work on in the front row and she gets right to the front stage also i go hughes syrians car uh... you know what that on the the answer and then you strip club not your first time i understand that's you know that's the deal out there but i don't want to see that if you go into a strip club and horrible so there are three other tender trap is still open and drive by their units and put in their years though no well jeff uh... i am very proud of you that you just not can you must remember that sir mentioning that earlier and then he goes on to say uh... the and john glenn never visited the school john glenn corralwood and and i know that and and he's a bastard for not doing that schools named after me couldn't drop in in in the i don't know thirty years it's been there probably more so far we have no speaker for graduation yet question mark western uh... jeff rick i don't uh... i would be allowed into the school if anybody remembers me from john glenn it i i i pretty much had hair like the the feral kid from the road warrior the uh... as a my helic like army jacket backhaul constant blaze over eyes from being stoned and never in class you were a bird out i was and i wasted uh... might my time there i remember uh... my my dean pete polina told me at the leaf only to go home and and i thought for the day because not just don't come back until next year when you get your your ass straightened out or whatever it is and i'm just like you know me thinking cool i got the rest of the year off man so i don't think i could actually uh... speak at the graduation no no of course you can't alright yeah well thanks for checking in thank you very much the memories there jeff rick like i remind people tomorrow on our show we're giving away those tickets to see our am and invite only performance as you know if you've been reading about our em lately uh... they're not really going to tour or they're not sure they're going to work for this uh... lady cd that's coming out in the very near future so they're playing this special concert for like four hundred people we got your tickets will give away tomorrow on our show all right now and i believe uh... there's a week they're gonna be a letter meant to next in a row as well i think thursday and friday cell lots of our m to be had this week in new york satay on the way we get midnight oil and some johnny lang his latest actually next one of his seven double u and a double u the rocket new york midnight oil johnny lang before that still rain and that's his latest i'm sure he'll pop on to uh... play the imaginary ballroom once again for us and today last week we had a fine showing in the imaginary ballroom charl crow and uh... willy nelson why don't they i'm see i'm going to have this out of fun to me was the music really loud was talking most of me great talking over it and you know i know and that's on his cold just decided start talking hopes yeah we had willy n charl crow and jill pashy last week already this week we've had a zi check in all zi on the as one actually everyone wants uh... us to replay the part where he says uh... shagadelic yet he sounded like austin powers the whole interview here and at the end he actually said it so you know all right i think i saw the can't people are or whatever good shagadelic armed uh... good at least i get down there you go but i think it's been made so black sabbath will be at uh... virgin megastore tonight yes for an in-store that starts at midnight tonight that's gonna be very cool all right yet smith did you read about the troubled only in new york we spend forty million dollars because walk and don't walk is not clear enough i read about this and is going on with that well they use in the universal symbols that these in europe it's just the uh... the hand you know first for not walking okay and then somebody walking okay time out universal said you know signs for europe is okay cuz how many countries do they have to worry about well a lot a lot exactly so i can understand their point but if you're in america why is it bad to learn how to speak well i can't make a lot well there they have a lot of uh... foreign travelers and dignitaries in in new york open maybe they don't understand like any foreign word flashing in red uh... would probably mean not to walk yes and the green friendly-looking and uh... another little clue everyone walking the mic you know the militia believe that means walk yet just follow it with what everyone else is doing if you don't speak the language but forty million bucks to uh... change uh... eighty thousand of these uh... pedestrian uh... walk signs what amounts to just big light brights from the end of a stick how they get forty billion for the really don't pull out the little pegs and reposition of the eggs that they can't have exactly i don't know as you take over a year to accomplish this in this fine city of ours to see uh... when when you go to foreign countries they don't cater to uh... americans no no english whatever they just put this universal thing up we should just leave it the way it is it's been working fine for it's been working for forty years i think people can figure it out yes i just don't understand it's america but uh... no one speaks english anymore you know why do you need to speak english anymore if we're changing everything to symbols hieroglyphics we're going back to hieroglyphics uh... top radio station new york doesn't even speak english on the radio and it is eighty percent of time is speaking spanish was that same for our country weird dee evolving because it back in the cave days the caveman days when they use they drew pictures of animals on the wall and it told a little story yes and then we finally worked up enough intelligence uh... to uh... invent languages and right and letters yes spell these words in various languages yes and now we have so many people that uh... i don't know the language that we have to revert back to what they did in the caveman days pictures yes can we start wearing pelts at least then ever going back to those that i wanted to wear loincloths and to walk around and peltz uh... the health yeah i want to wear i want to wear pelt in midtown you could do that it's a pathetic it really it's sad i think it's uh... i don't know that you turn on the tv and there's like uh... there's so many different languages going on uh... i think i think it didn't have the walk and don't walk signs and we're just going to put up walking don't walk signs for the first time ever then putting the universal thing fine who cares now but they're there there there i change were used to it most people can figure it out the ones that can't all well in the heard get hit by a cab i don't care figure it out survival of the feds exactly but used to be the way it was you're so cruel it's great what do you mean cruel what do you mean by that why am i cruel in the herd because they don't speak english and in nature that's what happens to all the baby turtles make it to the ocean when you watch that on another discovery channel now i've seen a flat their little fans along the sand some of them uh... turnover on the back to get back away for the single to the same while he has the seagull comes down so why can we do that with humans i think we have much better than the animal kingdom in all honesty no type in the herd how serious is sending the herd by taxi cab uh... is the last the way you want to go out that's that's why i don't speak the language okay and there's a hundred people walking then you can even figure out that point that and okay it's okay to walk with the crowd of people and you're the one stupid guys to step off the curb was well a hundred people are waiting and you're going to walk across and get hit by a cab all well and all the world uh... the all and team the delhi u a l k wall uh... weekend useless that is the money for about better things right hoping yes of course you know of course there's a lot of other things going on the city than worrying about the traffic signs for the pedestrians alright on the way we got some creed and some blue ice to call stay there it looks like people enjoy the thing the heard comment on the way you know uh... what a day when they were today all of the way you guys know the radio away from your spaceship from the mothership in tune to the station god i think people we get out of here for the fund a we just get out of here please fund fund a l p come on now we did have fun hope you enjoyed our ranting raving today it was uh... it was enjoyable matthew bodes next don't forget tomorrow we got those are in tickets for that special show uh... only four hundred people are going to be able to go we got tickets during our show tomorrow