 what is seven w any w the right in new york semi-sonic and closing time we've been playing that song for quite a while now and then he and those guys came up about what three or four months ago perform that for us yes matter of fact i think i think some cool band you know uh... there what uh... my rock is all about and howard discovered in this morning uh... would be in touch pal uh... i'm just surprised you know uh... case lock uh... would have even play them yeah at all since i remember they were ragging us for playing that band yet they read every station in uh... new york for playing closing time and then uh... now also may like the band again because howard discovered in this morning finally little confused about this another day should check out their name is green day the really cool real hand brand-new band i want to have them on the show too uh... out-of-touch monkey goodness a little bit out of touch really of course the dissipate critical over there that's all yeah that's what i say uh... so what's up man well uh... you know feeling good yes the whole town is feeling good yankees world series champions of the world and our uh... our yankees yes it was good once again to see him over there san diego the fans all whipped up in a froth over there in san diego waving their towels with their stupid thirty towels they were convinced they were going to you know when for a row this is it when you when you heard on interviews and stuff they go out in the parking lot and talk inside you know we're still in this this team is hard to turn the nation you know uh... and and there they were the fans of their towels they would get a lot of fan shots on fox to be a and they're all with the yeah another strikeout another scoreless inning you yankees aren't going to score on us and before you know it oh here comes an rb i but but we were supposed to win but how could they sweep us we have to come back and be the only team ever to win the world series after losing it it was just amazing to see all the fans crying and stuff for the fact that in the stands is hysterical we're going to be the yankees tonight we're going to be what happened but we beat atlanta yeah but the best highlight of all time was george steinbrenner in the locker room crying what happened in this guy what happened to george what happened to george is right i want the george of nineteen seventy eight where's there is much more exciting he was a man back then he was the boss yet no i don't know what you look like last night when he was getting his trophy what but but but but he looked like uh... uh... retarded kid at a fair after you tell the kid that he can have another corn dog uh... come on well look at the pictures of the paper tell me that i didn't hit that one right on the head man i don't know what this problem was though he sees crying and everything that that's not the boss we remember george now to the crime today that well he is being handed the trophy like getting this is because this is one of the best in the back and i think he's in and getting this trophy from a man his face is all contorting but his mouth is a little wrong all moving around and everything yes and he's dressed like crazy eddie i was over the crazy eddie again i've got the white turtleneck on in the little blazer jacket over it crazy george the yankees are insane did you say i'm not that it was very at a time of clearance and i'll do that everything's got to go bernie williams the stadium it's crazy georgie i'm in the same you know but but but but this turtleneck uh... is weeping openly uh... it's good stuff did you see him actually holding onto joseph sorry is like all the time and uh... we've been in and uh... please that is just one more corn dog is that george at the baseball bat ready to rack some head yeah that's the george in the board of the floor i are in billy martin years ago remember that george now we have the weeping contorted face crazy eddie dress in george insane he looks like corky my goodness he looked like corky and life goes on this you know what corky gets all that that is you know that you're starting to have some had i had a good and i'm a good thing thank you for it and i think that i have a good thing now i did i i don't think it's uh... well i don't know what happened to our children of days gone by and i said i do believe we have some fun today and that's the whole city is in a good mood to want to send my son and one of the senate will change that fact like to want to nine five seven deltas and i think i've got a good we want that i think i think that i think that we want to get a key thank you thank you who boo but i will do we are the champions in just a bit here for you guys you're waiting for it and and right after the commercial i can tell you what sign of the list of or to win the kiss tickets later this hour okay condom thank you thank you well it's a seven w a double the iraq and new york anyway in shepard blue on black clean before that for all the yankee fans out there celebrate the big victory course parade is tomorrow that's going to be absolutely wild you see uh... rudolf juliani yes i did last night celebrating the yankee victory yes i did with his yankee jacket on and he's all very uh... proud of the team and he announced officially the parade for tomorrow i like this picture on the daily news today and i'm a cover to do say it through the special world series uh... pages and you got to unfold all that alright is a good picture and to waste on a do that the big wrap around the community but i know wall of course i used to save all this stuff when i was a kid alright the picture of the right that basis making it's the fault that is the perfect picture to draw the little mustache and if you don't like uh... rudy and think he's like hitler yeah that's the perfect picture to draw the little mustache the other muster you know the listeners like to get involved take the front page of the daily news undress them up in his hitler attire and uh... fax it into us and we'll give you a this hitler but i have to give you some credit i'm serious well he's all up in arms about gum now has he lost his friggin mind has really just lost his mind at this point the city it's amazing we we've been cleaned up so much by rudy rudy's made the city such a wonderful place to live now there's no problems left that it's got a point now where he just has to concentrate on people spitting gum out spitting gum yes crime is done and no one ever gets raped or robbed in the park anymore you know the toll collectors are all polite now officially all polite i don't smell any urine when i go in the subways anymore as a matter of fact that every subway station smells like those little pop pine trees hanging your car whether hanging all over the subway and of course yes it's great there's not one guy with a big load of crap in his pants sleeping on the sidewalk now what is his problem with the chewing gum it leaves the big black marks and he doesn't like that yes it leaves a big black marks on the sidewalk but the huge urine stains are okay for goodness sake suffer and suck a test you can't have gum on the sidewalks we have a tumeric droid so he's all up in arms about gum on the sidewalk yes now so if you are chewing gum and you spit it on the sidewalk or take it out of your mouth and don't wrap it up in its little wrapper and throw it away you can now be fine now you know something anthony i just thought of something how many people you think we have listening right now three or four well then this isn't going to work i think as a protest everyone that is chewing gum right now should spit out their car windows well there you go i'm serious you don't want to get these people in trouble they're not going to get in trouble just look both ways and make sure no one's looking at you that's a hanging offense a hanging offense in this town i wouldn't doubt it soon to be yeah rudy there's other problems the horses continue to crap on the streets of new york but he's worried about gum just the stench is of of urine and and i mean it's worse than gum i've never worried about gum on the sidewalk no doesn't bother me any yeah it's like the little new york walk of fame you just look at the gum stains and it's all cute i've never noticed the gum on the sidewalk and there's actually celebrity gum stains on those sidewalks you never know you never know that could be jean simmons uh... gum right there speaking of which i think he's calling us in a little while but uh... that's right kids so i think everyone who is chewing gum right now is a protest aspect of spit it out you know place we beg you thank you alright alright more on the way if you want to uh... you know dress up rudy just take the the cover of the daily news do what you have to do in fact since i still want to nine five seven w any w my my new girlfriend gave me a hand job and her wedding ring gave me a rash one oh two seven w any w the rack of new york with the latest from the goo goo dolls that slide off dizzy up the girl and neil young before that uh... cinnamon girl and that was a song you had to be listening for this hour to win the kiss tickets and steve's celery uh... hopewell junction new york was paying attention and now he has a pair of things to see cast congratulations steve medical next hour of the song right now you've got to be listening for cuts like a knife by brian adams when you hear that be the tenth caller two one two seven five seven one oh two seven you're hanging with opiate anthony good afternoon and we do indeed love faxes fax lines two one two nine five seven w any w and uh... this tax pretty interesting anthony leave julianne alone he is a great mayor he should be president of the united states of america in the future before he became mayor everyone bitched about the cabs the crime the porn he should be applauded for what he has been able to accomplish i went n.y.u. and it was really bad now it's so much better give him credit he's a hell lot better than that stinking dinkins before julianne the city was a toilet appreciate the differences he's made and he's a man of uh... honor and he doesn't take any ass all right that's what new york city needed time from jersey and i'm proud of the job he's done you too should be too actually i'm happy with the job the mayor's not exactly but done a great job he gets onto some ridiculous campaigns i don't care if my toll collector doesn't uh... smile and as you know say have a nice day thank you i don't care about that i've accepted the fact that they're pretty much robots at the toll of boots and they don't want to deal with the people that's fine just give me my change and i'll move on i don't want any discussion i i want like you can roll your car through the toll booth now i don't want to stop yet so it's so thank you and stuff no problem but if they want to give it to me it's an extra bonus and that's great but it i don't care and i really have a big issue he's making a big issue of that cat how he's cleaned up everything and i i agree i think he had but they did this way just in the living room and uh... someone comes in your mom maybe or your wife and she starts backing in the carpet cleans the carpet but doesn't shut the back in often keeps going and going and going you get annoyed after a while sure that's what he's doing and we get to you like i a d with what's with the gum on the sidewalks it's kind of silly is that a problem anyone is even addressed d do you want does it bother you won't be i've never looked down the sidewalk as i'm scared to know what what i'm gonna say down there yeah don't look down yeah don't step in gum i'd i've never i was in bond if you live and work in new york you should look up leave that to the tourists and don't look down so it looks great and as of the side who cares what's on the on the sidewalk is bigger problems in the city still that's it there are bigger problems which would like question out to our listeners what do you think the mayor should fix or what do you think you'll help fix next if he's onto this gum issue they're bigger problems the the every day stinky subways get rid of the guys with the the suitcases filled with the fake watches i want to see them on every block those don't even bother me quite frankly and then but i'd rather see them go then the you know that the gums things up right gums things on the painting he's working out the top states is this maybe a misprint what is he saying gum uh... anywhere just reading it wrong yeah i i i just thought some tell that unfortunately this is radio if this is the internet we can't really speak up i think that's the time so if you want to get in on the discussion today to a two seven five seven one oh two seven i believe we got jeans and it's called us in uh... a few minutes a stick around for that and keep the taxes coming as well to one two nine five seven w any w i don't think anyone's using the instant feedback today have not w any w dot com you've been use your brain place we like that on the way we got some claptin in the wall flowers next one of his seven w any w the rock of new york the latest from johnny lang that still raining off wander this world it's open anthony you gotta stick around and uh... listen for brian adams playing out cuts like a knife when you hear that be the test card two one two seven five seven one oh two seven and you will win tickets to see and we should have paul stanley checking in in minutes here anthony yes can't wait to talk to him yes we're looking at the paper europe europe parts head albee when you look at their reports and when you mean about parts and well that's what i'm tomorrow call shumer out the last amount of time now from chuck shumer that campaign is getting so ugly stuff funniest thing that you watch the commercials on t v and they are just pounding each other yes charles shumer when he was eight years old rank at doorbell and ran away do you want to send it to you runs away from responsibility come on chuck they bought by five and i'll pass them out that that does go back and forth i'll be honest i am to care less about that election they hate each other but i could care less that will my life personally change that's why i always ask myself when i have vote for these politicians nothing seems to change the problems in the world and still getting taxed up to my eyeballs you know you're a problem paying tolls just to get into the city every day nothing changes in my life i could care less wins these elections well i think it would be better to keep the model in and get this uh... charles shumer in there uh... chuck shumer seems a little too until on the liberal side for me quite frankly you know i don't like that they think that'll change things up uh... probably not open from them being honest that you know i mean but uh... i i don't want to you know take that chance i love when like you vote for the president united states american they think about how they're gonna they cut taxes by like fifty million dollars and and you're looking at the tv commercial like while he's got cut taxes by fifty million dollars is great i'm gonna be able to buy that new car that i always wanted then you go to your calculator and you figure out exactly how much of the fifty million that you're gonna save it turns out to be like a dime i think that's great and i'm like oh you guys are full of ass well i think the person that that bashes the other guy the best should be in there because that's the person you want in washington fighting for you i think they should just have a cage match yeah they could do that to duke it out a celebrity death match like mtv does the winner actually wins up i don't know but then i think all she would win yeah hit alphonse domoto that big light bulb head doesn't look like he has a life he looks like the brain from taking the brain i want to be there senator from new york i'm gonna rule the world uh... that's funny he does he's got that big light bulb head well they're very good one oh two seven w any w the rack of new york brian adams cuts like and i felt as a sign had to be listening for this hour to win the tickets to see the case and carol from hoboken new jersey was paying attention now she has a pair of tickets to seek is when they come to town the tickets of course going on sale saturday at uh... nine a m through ticketmaster locations it's open at the end of the balkan hoboken and and whoever that given as an adult every time you know about the new still think that you have to do that of course okay speaking of case we got paul stanley uh... on the line here and also being at the area and thanks for calling it's a really appreciate well i'm not on literally on the road among my way to rehearsal where are you right now i'm on the uh... but the that must be the tamper at the no i don't know this is a free some freeway what do i know from new york and very god on the c i must tell you the last time you guys came around it was the most fun of had a rock show in many many years well it's not what it's supposed to be a little people seem to forget that you know just because it's rock and roll doesn't mean you can have fun and have a good time you know you want that news read the newspaper i'm not there to give you bad news where they're into taking a that's the other day i was starting to get to hear all the bands looking down at their shoes and stuff you know i do i figure if a band is going to look at their shoes and you're going to look at you look at our shoes i mean i got a huge heels now you guys get the best use of all that's right there at their busy there at their combat boots i want you to look at my eight-inch leather heel very cool and we saw the fire and the blood it was just classic kiss for us to get back together in the original line of the only way we would do it and if we were going to pick up where we left off and and do you know classic kid there's no surprises the only surprises how good it is and this uh... this tour is going to be in three days and explain that a little bit i don't want to over-emphasize the three people are because it's first and foremost that you know we're back onto our the band sounds better than ever uh... we're doing at least two hours atlantic last time it clocked in i think we're playing about twenty two songs twenty three songs and uh... the lights are awesome the the pyro you know the bombs all the stuff it's all there it's enough to take the roof of the building off and then additionally we're using three big technology we're using these massive screens behind us whereby when you put on your kids really glad that you get when you come in at certain points during the show i do my best you know to get into to get into the guy's faces in the women's laps i mean that's really what i think all it's it's kind of interactive in the sense that you know we're there and we're interacting with you so it's uh... really state-of-the-art three d technology but additionally the sound is awesome the lights are often the pyro saw some we have this amazing circus traveling with us today as much as i like a lot of other bands most of the time people who come to see us usually wind up saying why do you have so and so opening right now so what we did this time is we're bringing out a circus so far we have a dynamite lady who blows herself up we have a ball of death with motorcycles going around avoiding each other inside a steel cage i've seen that that's real cool yet we have a whole lot of cool stuff because uh... i think that it's much more of uh... your money's worth to see something that you want to see them to hear a band you don't want to hear planning you guys get the whole line of together a little sooner because we didn't we're not up there were times we were getting along there were times where a lot of that from growing up to do and uh... everybody was always wishing all the fans were wishing that we would get back together but i would think never wish for anything that you're going to regret getting and if we had done it at the wrong time for the wrong reasons i think people would have been very disappointed in what they thought we have this great history this legacy and this legend of what we did and for us to come back and kind of tarnish it would have been horrible so you know we waited until i need to do it or we never would have done it we waited until we were ready to go out and really like blow the roof off i mean we set a level of what we did before and we had to be able to go past it because for us we not only have to live up to our past the reality of our past we have to live up to what people remember whether it's accurate or not so you know it was serious stuff for us and at this point for us to go out if anybody had any doubts before you know we're doing this because we love doing it i mean this was the largest grossing tour of the year last time we went out so if we were doing it for money it would be all over yeah without a doubt you know we really love what we're doing and uh... we're really excited to go back out there and so uh... which were fired up i have to drive literally an hour and a half every day to rehearsal well over a airplane hangar how cool yeah plan that that that that that was like a driving our have to go to rehearsal for my job uh... that's what you know you're lucky you don't have to drive an hour and a half to work so you can from long island into manhattan come on got long island long island and you know that's an hour what a good uh... we are in our area fifty-two days while exactly people you guys have seen uh... a lot of kids paraphernalia over the years you bet you know what is the strangest thing you've seen uh... man has actually like the pinball machines in the board games are and the car for us you know paraphernalia not that weird because it never surprised or because we okay everything you know that goes down to the paraphernalia when you look at it without a penis uh... you know that was a set time of sexual repression they were afraid that i would screw party at all and then i want to come out of some kiss condoms is something that we had a needed yeah we had a mother a couple years ago on tour and uh... i can't really endorse or anything uh... they might leave uh... not and what's up with this kiss movie and he has a making uh... there there are really cool movie called the trot rock city and uh... it's a seventy film it takes place in the seventies as i like upcoming of age film about four for uh... young people on the way to a kid concert and all the stuff they go through getting there and uh... it's very very cool matter-of-fact in about two and a half weeks were filming a uh... uh... concert sequence where we're there basically have all an audience of about five to ten ten thousand people trippin seventy you know close and we're going to learn to detroit rock city how we're doing in l a i think it'd be uh... l a sports arena it's a it's a chance for our parents to be a more delight by being in the film so i thought it was really cool that shooting as we speak in toronto very good it was your first time to do it to both do you remember the first carter i went to yard birds yard birds which was with jimmy page i would love to see that and uh... after that thought hindricks experience a couple of times you know with uh... mich mitchell and all reading and i thought zeppelin when they were playing for you know it like fifteen hundred people so uh... i got in i got in early it's going to be all from the comeback to new york community it means so much job you know having grown up there and how i was a cab driver i remember dropping people off at madison square garden you know so uh... or driving past national coliseum you know or watching metal and get built so you know when we come back to the new york area it's it's very very cool for us and i would when you were a cab driver did you pick up anyone famous no i never had anybody famous in the camp i i had all i had all the uh... i don't want to say the losers but uh... i didn't have anybody famous one day this shows you how out there i can be one day i picked up this guy sitting in the back and i keep looking in the mirror thinking this guy's a famous actor i don't know what film he's from but this guy's really famous because i know his face so well so i keep looking at him i never figure out who it is and then he gets out of the camp and for weeks of trying to figure out who this guy is one day i'm sitting in the uh... my parents live in a world living at the time and i look out the window and i feel more part of the writing of my neighbor very good they were there we'll let you go again and take care of them have fun in rehearsal we can't wait to have you back in town here we're going to wait his tickets all day long here by the way uh... it don't be for the lucky the red carpet have to go out and get them because if you're not there you need to be there you can be barry one of the other all right everyone is paul stanley take care of them thanks paul back here with opi and anthony ariam looked really really good last night i do believe they're gonna be a letterman tonight tonight and tomorrow night right what are you doing over there i'm computing uh... so i do you don't care what i say i was uh... listening to it up okay just like a listener of her to include makes a bit of work uh... yeah of those listening well thank you at the end of the year here's their latest from their obscene day this is the sleeper right now seven w a w still double pilot interstate love song is open and the lots going on today we're still giving it chances when tickets to seek as everyone is totally into this uh... later on this hour we're gonna play the police every little thing she does is magic when you hear that if you're the tenth caller two one two seven five seven one of two seven you too will have a pair of tickets to seek his when they come to town we had false daily on earlier he sounded great he sounds very site for this upcoming tour yeah the thing i thought was really cool is uh... they're not gonna uh... an opening act this time around now they got all kind of like a freak show going on they got a woman that explodes itself yet the third a circus act yet a little circus act before uh... just comes in and i i would keep almost guaranteed to open up with uh... welcome to the show cycle circuit or self uh... it's kinda hard to show today because the whole town is just excited about the yankees victory last night unbelievable we said we we said early that they were going to sleep i guess that was pretty obvious on yeah everybody knows it was the only way this season could end really because with the sweeping win of the series the way the yankees played and we got the big parade tomorrow but uh... those podge a fence i'll put your towels away now i got a little hang on your wall until the story how you were at the world series and they're all crying on their husband's shoulders and even i still have a guy's a crying too did you see that yet box cameras first of all you can just zoom in on any open poor on your face is it necessary that box cameras have to like just get every single hair on anyone's face did you see by any credit yeah did you see that is like that is a nose almost broke the camera lens at one point i believe he needs to uh... trim some of those those areas it's like we didn't need to see that you know they just have that fox cam whoosh whoosh we're going to bring you right in up andy pettit's nose here it is here's the bench and you're seeing sinuses and mucus like a five-pack awful it was okay yeah i don't need that view sure but the uh... the fans in the stands over there in san diego they were all whipped into a frenzy they thought they were going to be the first team in history from a three oh two we're going to do it it's our team yeah i held those yankees scoreless right at rb i you're supposed to win i thought i was going to see a victory i came to see my team win in the world series why are we being swept i'm right now the saloon yes the one with the ball she had a big ball with a dirty rag hanging off of it and she put the ball against their head and like pray you know i guess well that didn't help now did it i'd like to have my uh... they ship the bomb makes them way and how did you at the end we're supposed to be there we're going to be no not this time around sorry and and next time and obviously uh... the post-celebration was some great t well we gotta get into that again we talked about earlier we got a little new audience talking about course time runner was he drug what's the map on it's not the old boston nineteen seventy eight who want to crack some skulls and and fire someone i want to remember the george steinbrenner like the little clay nation figure in the blipton ice tea commercial yeah where it's like you know where the baby's like i can make it read you know any fires billy martin yes billy you're fired that's the old george not this whiny blubbering man blubbering uh... i don't know what he was well can i give my analogy again you know what it's always look like less than he looked like the retarded kid at the fair after you just told the retarded kid that he can't have another corn dog uh... the disease there at the big world series television home this is the best team and one of them crying because what's his name is given the trophy he's not a personal on to accept it from you this man of north of the it is a mess and you know we look like that corky but corky grows out of the look just like steinbrenner did let us know i like working from life goes on to a fair get they don't know what's the uh... they got back we went to work david the shiny trophy given to me with the champion champion of the baseball we went give to me to obey and and then they're going to they come and tell you how to try to get a key the way and i think i can when i i think that's what i thought corky steinbrenner uh... i felt bad for me looked all weird yeah and his face was all the story and i don't know if i'm done and then the world's here but i can't my judge take a trophy and i'll be still not for that and and georgie is ok georgie and to top it off he's dressed like crazy and he has to just see who's got the white turtleneck in the blazer the yankies are insane crazy georgie we're practically giving them away take bernie williams take the stadium i'm giving it all away i mean saying uh... uh... it and then we went up and i gave it up all of our family today i'm ok solid and uh... asbestos I'm the champion, my friend! Man, hard man running into freedom Is the one that you need You're a mess. My name is George. We're under the same. Corky Stein, right around the side. Hi, N.E.W. Oh, hi. I just have to tell you guys the best. You are so hysterically funny. I did not want to make fun of reputed people, but that was hysterical. We were making fun of George. I know. But, you know, as early as you are, you're the first person that complains about that. It's common, trust me. I know. Alright. Opie? Yeah. Love that laugh. Oh, thank you. Alright. Bye. Bye. We are the champions, my friend. George Stein, been in my name. We won the Yankee ball, bad baseball game. George Stein, been in my name. We won the bad ball game. Can I have a condom, please? Give me condom. George, I want condom. I want condom. George Stein, been in my name. Everyone, the bad ball game. George, be mine. You gotta see his face. We need to be on TV right now. I want condom. I want condom. Alright. Da, da, da. Everyone, the bad ball game. Someone just drove off the road somewhere. We got the ladies from Letty Kravitz on the way and the Rolling Stones next. Hi, what's up? Nothing. You guys are hysterical. I think it's got used guys. I love that. They say I have a grammar problem. Just got off work relaxing. Oh cool. What made you laugh today? Oh my God. When you're doing Corky Thatcher. I'm Corky Steinbrenner I mean. Corky Steinbrenner. We won the game. We're the Yankee. We're the champion. Champion Yankee. We won the game. We won the game. I'm sitting going to get gifts and I'm like wait a minute. I can't shut the car off and the Indians waiting for me and he's banging on my window. How much? How much? And I'm just laughing. I'm like oh okay. Well he looks like Corky growing up last night. Oh man that was too funny. Yeah. They win the game. Now I need a lollipop to build the Yankee win. Oh boy. Anthony's got another observation for you on the game last night. Did you take a look at Tony Gwyn's head? Tony Gwyn's head looks like the surface of Fred Flintstone's bowling ball. I don't know what's going on. It had like pits in it and I don't know. Like it had been left out on the driving range too long. Did you see the other game? They were zooming in and they were like look there's a moth on his hat. Yeah. The Padres. They were like it threw off his hit. It was throwing and pitching and yeah. Yeah right. The moth is like you know spit. But I love when they zoom in on it. Yeah like the moth weighed 10 pounds and it threw off his throwing. Yeah. But like the zoom in. What is with that? They show the guys in the dugout. They're either spitting or shooting snot out of their nose. Yeah. They just got to get a life and just go back to just showing us the game. The stupid stats and the moth. All that has to go. And the sound effects when they're showing the guy's stats. Let's pull up his stats. All right. Yeah. It looks like the beginning of Melrose place. They were showing the guys in the side profile front profile with the Melrose music in the background. And do we need the Biori strip cam on the pictures? You see how close they breathe right. Like right on his face. But I have to tell you my whole entire family listens to you. But my brother is like he's nuts over yous. It's just too funny. Yous. You called me laughing. Where are yous from? I know I'm sorry. Born in Brooklyn. Raised in Staten Island. Hey you really teached me something today. Hey at least I don't say teach. I taught you something. All right. All right there. All right there yous guys. Oh can I get a kiss tickets? We're going to give those away in a little while. How are we going to do that? I've been sitting here for like 20 minutes trying to call yous. Yous. Just give it to me on my grandma. I hope you have picked those habits up for me. Can I tell yous one other thing? Yeah. All right the other night I watched a rerun of the date line because the game wasn't on. And they had this couple who couldn't get pregnant. So it was in Norway. They went to some clinic. Test tube baby the whole works. They wind up having twins. Now this couple's blonde hair, blue eyes, everything. They wind up having a black kid and a white kid. I saw that. All right did you hear what the black kid's name was? No. Coon. Are you kidding me? It was Coon or something like that. But they showed this one to the kids crib and it was spelled Coon. It was hysterical. Oh my God. I was telling everybody. They thought I was telling a joke. I'm like well I guess in Norway you know Coon is a regular name but you name a black kid here Coon. I'm sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Goodness. All right with that we got to let you go. All right take care. Keep listening for the police. Every little thing she does is magic. That's your cue to call in for the tickets. All right. Okay great. Bye. Oh my goodness. It's insane. I've never heard of such a thing. That's just an observation. I actually did see that the other night. Did you? Yeah. All right. Something got messed up with the the spermies or something. Well oh I have found it on the computer. What? George Steinbrenner from last night. Oh want to play his audio? Yeah. Corky Steinbrenner 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York. The Steinbrenner audio is next I guess. Oh your mic's not on. Go ahead. What? I said yes. 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York with the police. Every little thing she does is magic. That was the song you had to be listening for for the kiss tickets. And Mike Neerdoff of Brooklyn was paying attention. He's got a pair of tickets. Congratulations Mike. Brooklyn in the high house. In the high house. Flip mode squad. Big ups to my flip mode squad. All right. Next hour when you hear Janie's Got a Gun by Aerosmith be the 10th caller at 212-757-1027 and you'll score your tickets to see Kiss. Yes. It's Hope and Anthony. Hey. We calm down now. My ribs hurt. My ribs hurt from that last break. Corky Steinbrenner. What's the instant feedback say. Oh my God. Well see people seem to like it. Let's see Joe and the Bronx. You guys have no idea what trouble I almost got into. I was sitting in sociology sociology class doing what I normally do not pay attention to the teacher and listen to you guys. Then you did Corky Steinbrenner and crazy Georgie. I practically burst out laughing in the middle of some students presentation. Half the class that actually heard me thought I had gone nuts. Thanks for the laughs. Very cool. The result of the Steinbrenner bit. I've been gaffed clubbed and pulled over the side. Thanks guys. So he has joined the faithful you think. Well thank you. All I ask is if you enjoyed the Corky Steinbrenner today make us one of your presets and tell someone about us. We appreciate that. Just trying to move up on the preset list. That's all we're trying to do. I know we've been quite negative a lot this week but we also should be very positive. We know there's a lot of people checking us out. We totally appreciate that as we slowly but surely. Build our little afternoon audience Anthony. Yes. We got the audio from Corky Steinbrenner. I can't even call him George anymore. Well he just didn't look like the George of yesteryear that everybody remembers kind of a little rotund maybe. Yes at times. You know always in control. The bad ass firing managers all the time. You know not taking any crap. Yeah. And there he was last night. Whimpering emaciated kind of looks like he has some vodka in his baby food or something. Does it look like he like each baby food now. Boy guy is hanging. He's got the skin hanging under his neck like fog on leg on. I mean I felt bad for him. Yeah. He was whimpering. So would you like to check out some of the audio from his. Yeah. Let's let's let's hear it. This is really the audio which is scary. Mr. Steinbrenner as you watch your team walk into this locker room there were tears in your eyes. Your third championship or fourth championship in six appearances in the World Series. Where does this one rank the top right at the top. This is truly you can say it now. One of the greatest teams in baseball from but we've been friends 26 years. We really want to. Team won the championship. The word that Joe talked about was hearts. Yeah we have a lot of heart. This team this team. I've never seen anything like it. They just never quit. It didn't make they seem to be able to overcome everything. It was an emotional team. Great job. The players deserve all the credit. And I know of course your thoughts are with Darrell strawberry. No. But I'm sure he's celebrating there was Joe DiMaggio there with all of those people. Enjoy the celebration. Congratulations. The man that manages ballgolf. So all of those people. Incredible. Absolutely incredible. That's the same guy that used to crack skulls in his crazy Georgie outfit. Yeah. Insane crazy Georgie. I mean does he need that. That's in the in the ice tea commercial. Yeah. He's the claymation figure. Yeah. He's wearing the turtleneck and the jacket. Yeah. That's probably why they broke it out last night. That's his trademark. Yeah. He looks just like crazy. Okay. Very good. All right. No no no no. Thank you. No stay right there. Corky on the way. We got some Nirvana. Yeah. So being Anthony getting ready to rock on here. Yeah. We got a mic I guess says isn't George Steinberg the guy who played Mr. King Kate on the Partridge family. Come on. It's got to be the same guy. That's pretty good. One oh two seven W. N. E. W. The Rock of New York. The latest from whole celebrity skin title track from Courtney's latest CD. So being Anthony we got to congratulate Lee Espinoza of Dover New Jersey our latest kiss winner. Congrats. Got to congrats. All the kiss winners today. Yes. Matt the boat is going to continue the winning. So keep listening. Look at the time. Got to thank Paul Stanley for checking in today. It was very cool to talk to the man. Yes. I'll got to thank Corky Steinbrenner for stopping by. It's always a pleasure when he makes a visit. He never has before. Oh yeah. I have a feeling he's going to be making a lot of a lot of visits in the near future. You got to love Corky Steinbrenner. All right. We got to get out of here. Tomorrow's FU Friday. Yes. Very excited about that. You guys can start faxing your FU's before we get here because we like a nice pile waiting for us that we could comb through. So the fax line for tomorrow two one two nine five seven W. N. E. W. You could do that during Carol's show and she'll she'll put him aside for us I'm sure. Yes. She's good that way. OK. I think we need to leave you with this year. We'll see you tomorrow at three as we leave you on this Sunday morning. Here's me taking a big poop. Sometimes a poop is a good thing on a Sunday morning. And something you'd like to share with your neighbors your friends. Here's me and the sounds of dumping. Oftentimes we don't have time to show you the poop. Today here's me taking a dump and then me showing it to you. Oftentimes we like to leave our viewers with a little something from the outside. Today it's me taking a poop. Here's me running to the outhouse to take a big old Harry. And as we leave you on this Sunday morning sounds of pooping because there's nothing better than a good.