 One oh two seven WNEW the Rock of New York two for Tuesday with Neil Young, Led Zeppelin got the show going today. Good afternoon it's Hopi and Anthony. Hey there. And right off the bat we promise that we won't bitch a lot today. We're heavy on the bitching yesterday but I think it's time to move on and start having fun again right Ant? No personal bitching. We can bitch about things that are happening out there. Well put it this way it's not on our agenda to bitch today. But you know the tides could change at any moment. You never know. You never know. That's the beauty of this lovely radio show. It's very fluid. Yes. We got some exciting things today for the program. What do we have Hopi? Well we got the REM tickets we're giving away today. Okay how are we going to do that? For that special show only 400 people are going to go and it's looking like this could be the only live performance that REM does for their new CD Up. I personally think three or four months down the road they're going to throw some type of tour together. Yeah probably. But as of now this could be your only chance to see them live. And we got tickets all afternoon long. Well we're not going to do like a seventh caller thing or something like that right? No. I don't want to do that. What do you want to do? I don't know we got to think of a really fun way to give them away. What's the wildest thing you'll do for REM tickets? Something like that maybe? Yeah we could start with that sure. A lot of people you know they claim they'll do just about anything for the tickets. I want to go man I'll do anything. So we can play off that angle today. Alright. Alright also lots to talk about. Yankees playing tonight of course. Coney pitching. It's looking good. I mean Anthony we're listening to the fan on the way in. They're completely ridiculous. Shut up and let the guys play the game. They have all the cliches that are coming out. We expect the Padres to come out and play tonight. Oh really? They're going to have their game faces on I think. They need to execute better. What does execute mean? When you're playing baseball you either play well or you play bad. I love that. They really came to play tonight. What about the other night? Oh please. The Yankees looked glorious the other night. Glorious shouldn't be used in baseball terms. More of a religious thing. When Jesus was solving the plagues and making blind people see again that's something that you check out and go wow that was pretty glorious. Right now Paul O'Neill making a great catch in right field. That's not glorious. That was pretty good. It was great but it's not glorious. They're just full of cliches over there. It's ridiculous. See those losers over there in San Diego? They got them on the news. They're already in the parking lot. Yeah well their faces are all painted up. Yeah we're going to kick Yankee. Yeah that's all cute. If we hadn't already beat you two games you could be all high and mighty. Yeah we're going to kick some air but now you should just be pretty humble. Well we've got to be a little careful here because in 96 of course the Yanks dropped the first two games. How many times have you heard that in the last 24 hours? Oh I know. The Yanks were in the same position two years ago and they came back to win it so this series isn't over yet. Yeah but it's the Yankees. I think they're sweeping. Simple as that. I think so too. I think we're going to have a parade Friday. You think so? Oh my God of course. If they sweep then we get the parade Friday. All right that'll be fun. Never know. All right I think they'll drop one so they come back. That can be interesting. That's always fun when they win it at the stadium. I'm just hoping so I could get a ticket maybe. You're not getting a ticket. You blew your chance yesterday. All right if you got something 212-757-1027 that's the phone line and we love faxes. How much do we love faxes Anthony? So much that when we get really good ones we hang them up on the wall. That's right. And we found the what do you call the lamp chop? The evil lamp chop I guess? The evil lamp chop yeah. The evil lamp chop is made it onto the wall of faxes. Yeah we finally found a copy of that again. We only got six faxes that have made the wall of fame over there. Well they have to be very artistic and fun and relative to the show. Yeah we got the pork guy, we got the evil lamp chop, we got the Adolf Giuliani swastika with Hitler mustache fax. Darth vulgar. Willie Nelson looking like a rap star. And us reading the Spanish to English dictionary. Yeah because we found out that the top rated stations in New York speak Spanish. So we're practicing up on our Spanish in this one fax. It's really cute. So the fax line is 212-957-WNEW. Coming back with a twofer from U2 next. Stay there. All right Anthony we're looking for the wildest thing you will do for REM tickets right? And people are coming out of the woodworks right now with things they'll do. We just got off the phone with a guy. He says he's got a friend that will bungee cord off the George Washington Bridge for the REM tickets. A little bungee jumping? A little bungee jumping. Can he get that together? I don't know. If he dies, do we go to jail? I don't know. Should we ask the legal department around here? I guess if he was going to do it anyway. Yeah if he was going to do it anyway and he just happened to call us to tell us he was doing it anyway. Yeah we don't tell him to do it. That's right. I believe we do have REM tickets. If he just wants to do it and then comes in here, we'd have to give him tickets. There you go. He's like a George Willig. So what will you do? What would you do I should say for REM tickets? 212-757-1027. It is 2 for Tuesday. Here's U2 on the Rock of New York. 1027-WNEW. 1027-WNEW. The Rock of New York. 2 for Tuesday with Lonesome George Thorogood. Hey man. A lot of people calling in and suggesting things they would do for the REM tickets we got that were given away on the show today. Got a fax here from Kit. Opie and Anthony, I would French kiss Monica Lewinsky for REM tickets. It's got to be something you could do today in the next hour or two. If you come up with a really good one and you do it, then we'll give you REM tickets. The hottest ticket in town right now. We got them for you. You see the quote of the day here in the Daily News? Uh-uh. It's a pretty good one. Hillary Clinton's been in town stumping. I love that word. For Schumer I guess. Charles Schumer. Yeah. He's running against Al DiMato. Yeah that race is getting ugly huh? I love the commercials. Al DiMato rang a women's doorbell when he was eight years old and then ran away. Come on Al! Yeah they get a little picky. Do you want a senator that runs away from responsibility? That's ridiculous. But DiMato is definitely closing what little gap there was with women. I don't think Hillary is helping the matter any. Here's her quote. Al DiMato does not deserve the votes of the women of New York. Coming from Hillary. Coming from Hillary. So your husband deserves the votes of women of the United States. Al DiMato who as I see he's a saint compared to our president. He's done pretty good for women with being involved in breast cancer. I think he's done a pretty good job. She says he doesn't deserve the women's votes. But a womanizer, her husband deserved all the votes he could get. Sure of course. And it's working real good because she keeps talking and he keeps dropping in the polls. So tell Hillary to keep talking. Keep it up Hillary. Also got an interesting fact here from Eileen. I like sharing this with the faithful listeners just to show you guys what we're up against. Hi, I have never done anything like this before, but I listen to you guys all day long because it is the only station that comes into my office clearly. You guys wonder why you're at the bottom of the ratings list. Basically, you guys are mean and unpleasant to listen to half the time. There is funny and there is mean. We have actually discussed this station here in my office and you are turning a lot of people off that woman who called in yesterday saying you guys were racist. I didn't hear the end of the conversation. I couldn't take it and turned it off. But that was nasty. Who the hell wants to hear that? That ugly bride crap too. And no, I'm not ugly. One day one of you may have an ugly daughter or something. More music and less talk would be an even better alternative. Just how to get that out. Here's to a more pleasant future. Please don't rip me to shreds. I'm just trying to be helpful as I have to listen to you until I get a better stereo system. Now, I won't rip you to shreds, but I will say this. The show isn't for everyone, Eileen. You obviously don't like it. That's okay. There's 50 other radio stations in New York to check out. For every person that sends a nasty email or nasty fax or tries to get a hold of our boss to complain about me and Anthony, I would guess there's probably 20 to 30 people that actually like that bit you're complaining about. That woman that called yesterday was kind of a kook. She was a kook. She was like, yes, she was waiting for the UFOs to take her away. That is fun, interesting radio. And if you don't want to listen to that, Eileen, that's fine. I'm not going to argue that point with you. She just doesn't get our show, which is fine. Whatever. Yeah. We don't expect everyone to get this. That's for sure. Just enough people to get it that we can have some fun in the afternoons and make your ride home a little easier. That's all. That's all. That's all we're trying to accomplish here. Right. And unfortunately, Eileen, you'd rather listen to Celine Dion or something, I guess. I don't know. Feel free. Feel free. Have fun. OK. And we didn't rip you to shreds, Eileen. Thanks for your comment, actually. Right. We appreciate that. OK. I'm holding back so bad here. I'm trying to keep it mature today, Anthony. Oh, please. It is Two for Tuesday. On the way, we got some Bruce Springsteen and some interesting info about Bruce Springsteen. If you're a fan, you're going to want to stick around. Stay there. One oh two seven. W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York. Two for Tuesday with Bruce Springsteen. Prove it all night and dancing in the dark. It's Opie and Anthony. We brought you the world premiere of some tracks from the upcoming box set from The Boss Tracks. That's coming out November 10th. And it was really interesting. We broke that on Friday, right, Ant? We were the first people in the country. I was tolling around the Internet, and there's a lot of purists out there that they didn't think we sounded excited enough when we were world premiering the Bruce Springsteen tracks on Friday. Damn us. They're convinced we're not into The Boss and it was just thrown at us and stuff. That's crazy. We should have done it in 70s boss jock style, Opie. Hey everybody. It's amazing. Stick around. And you know that interview we did for that music magazine? Yeah. Some guy called, because we were the first in the world to premiere the tracks. Yeah. A guy goes, hey, how do you guys feel about debuting this stuff? And I said, print this. I feel f'ing great. Guess what? It made the Internet. Did it? So I guess we're a little immature, but we're very excited about the upcoming box set from The Boss. Can't make everybody happy, Opie. What I think is interesting about this, a lot of these songs that you will find on the box set, 66 songs in all, I think a lot of people's bootleg collection out there is going to be worth as much after this thing hits the market. Because a lot of these songs have been available for a very, very long time. And grainy bootlegs. Yeah, but if you're into bootlegging and stuff and trading with people all over the country, it's kind of cool in a way. But some of those people that have a sick bootleg collection of The Boss, it's not going to be worth as much anymore as far as trading and getting cool stuff for it. And there are a lot of people saying on the Internet that we have no idea what's going to be in the box set. So I want to just read a few songs for you. For the purists out there, OK? On disc one, you will get Mary, Queen of Arkansas. It's hard to be a saint in the city. Growing up, a song we've been playing a lot in the last three or four days. Does this bus stop at 82nd Street? Bishop Dance. Seaside Bar Song. Zero and Blind Terry. Should I move on? Linda Let Me Be the One. Thunder Crack. Rendezvous. Give the Girl a Kiss. Iceman. Bring on the Night. So young and in love. Hearts of Stone. Don't look back. There you go. There's your whole first disc for you purists out there that think that we don't have info on this thing, OK? Now the news I want to pass along to everyone. N.E.W. presents a world premiere of Bruce Springsteen box set listening party. This is the next step here, gang. This is going to be cool. Here are some of the new Springsteen box set tracks. Before it goes on sale November 10th, that's going to happen next week, October 27th at the Hard Rock Cafe. What you got to do is keep listening to W.O.N.E.W. to find out how you can be there with others. It's going to be a rockin' time. All right? All right. We move on with Two for Tuesday. Oh wow. What the heck is this? Who was that? How did the Fabulous T-Birds get in the Eddie Money CD case? Oh man, what a quandary we're in. Who wants to hear two from the Fabulous T-Birds? I've been watching you for days now baby. This is where you feel like an idiot. You're on the air. You're playing the wrong song and now you've got to like... You've got it now, right? Are you set? Well, we can play the second song from Eddie Money. 1027W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York Two for Tuesday with The Pretender's Message of Love and Middle of the Road. It's Opie and Anthony. Jets looked good last night, Monday Night Football. Kicking the Patriots' A's. They certainly did. A lot of ex-football players are in trouble these days, Anthony. I saw Gaston O'Bean being taken out of the precinct there. Out of a West Side apartment. Yeah, they found him. Actually, he was with his bride. They got married while he was on the lam. Both of them losers. Him and her. I just love when they arrest really big guys and they have to use two sets of handcuffs. That's always cool to see. Him and LT, huh? I feel really bad for LT. He's stupid. He is stupid, but he obviously has a problem. And now he's in denial. Total denial. We got actually the audio of him denying the charges. Well, he gets busted in, where was he, Florida? For having $50 worth of crack he bought from an undercover officer. And Taylor, who has served several previous drug arrests, said he purchased the drugs only after the undercover officer badgered him to do so. Let's hear the audio. Yeah, yeah. Listen to this. Here's LT. I don't want to get into a lot of things, but anytime a law enforcement officer can solicit you all day and you tell them no and then they have the nerve to come into my room at two o'clock in the morning and try to sell me drugs. That's bulls**t. I know this is all we set up and all this stuff, but that's total bulls**t. I'm just waiting for my day in court because I've done wrong in my life, but this is total bulls**t. Wow. There you go. LT denying the charges. He was set up, Anthony. I guess it's bull beep. Yeah, yeah. That's what he says. They asked him so many times, do you want to buy crack, that he finally had to give in and buy the crack. That happens to me all the time. When I'm asked to buy crack time and time again, how does it always end? I go, all right, all right, I'll buy your crack. Enough already with your crack. If I buy your crack, will you leave me alone? Just leave me alone. There are just things in this world that I will not do. I don't care how many times you asked me to do it. You're badgered, right? You're badgered. I mean, what is he talking about? That's exactly what he's saying, that he wasn't going to buy any crack, but then he was badgered enough times over and over again and bought the crack. Sure. Actually, you see how thin he looked on TV? I think he's been doing a lot of crack these days. They found numerous pieces of drug paraphernalia in his room too. I guess somebody was badgering him to buy crack pipes and those big jumbo lighters and stuff. What is that? Let's say a guy walks up to you and wants to give you oral sex. Badges you all night. Are you finally going to go, all right? Yeah, I think after the 20th time he asked me, I guess I would have to give in, Anthony. That's human nature, of course. Of course, Opie, it is. Give me a break, LT. LT had the world by the balls. He's in denial now, at least if he went, all right, I fell off the wagon again, I screwed up. I need some help. Yeah, but not saying wait until he gets his day in court. Don't look forward to your day in court there, LT. Well, he'll get a good lawyer and the lawyer will probably plead his case and he'll probably get off on this offense. Well, he got out on bail, on the $15,500 bail and Victoria Corey, 41, an employee of Taylor's, couldn't make bail. He's still in. It's like, thanks, LT. How much did he make? And how did she get involved with this whole thing? She was in the hotel with him? He was in the room with him. Take care of your... I know, he doesn't even bail her out. Great. Thanks, LT. All right. It's very tragic, obviously. I have to hope he gets the help he needs. There you go. On the way, we got some NXS and Pink Floyd next. 1027W, NW, the Rock of New York. It's Opie and Anthony. We got a guy in the line who wants to try to win the REM tickets, Anthony. All right, what's he going to do? Well, he knows every word to REMs. It's the end of the world as we know it and I feel fine. Now, what's interesting about that, I think when that song comes on on the radio, when you're in your car with your pals, everyone starts singing that song, right? Right. And then people could get past, Lenny Bruce is not afraid. Because then everyone just starts mumbling after that, Lenny Bruce is not afraid. And then they, ah, screw it. Right. So this guy claims he knows every single word of that song. Well, let's hear. All right, we'll give him a shot at... Actually, let's let him sing maybe like the first verse. If he gets through the first verse with a minimal of mistakes, we'll give him the REM tickets. How's that sound? All right, listen close. George Perkins. All right, George, I hear you know every single word of, ah, it's the end of the world as we know it and I feel fine. Yes. All right, I'm going to give you one shot at this. Okay. If you do a good job, I'm going to give you the REM tickets. Okay. So whenever you're ready. Oh, you mean I'm going to go right now? Yes. Okay. That's great. It starts with an earthquake, birds, snakes, an airplane. Lenny Bruce is not afraid. I am a hurricane, listen to yourself, cheering worlds of its own needs. Tell me, serve your own needs. Speed it up in ox speed, grind no strut, the lad is such a clatter wit. Fear, fight, down, hide, wiring, a fire representing seven gangs and a government for hire in a combat site. Never was it coming in a hurry with the fury's breathing down your neck. Team by team we're putting traffic, low plane, five, dead, uh-oh, overflow, population common, but what it'll do, serve yourself, serve yourself, worlds of its own needs. Tell me, we're going to the rapture of the reverend in the right, blight, bruise, symbiotic, patriotic, slam-bite, lag-bite, feeling, pretty sight. It's the end of... You gotta be kidding me. That ain't too bad. We're going to give you some REM tickets. All right. I can never get past the Lenny Bruce one. You know what it is, you've got to smoke a lot of pot and you've got to like, rape, you've got to keep rewinding and writing down and I guess it paid off. How long did that take you to memorize that? That was the first verse. I could have gone on, man. Trust me, we didn't need to hear anymore. Very easy on you. We heard enough. But you do have the REM tickets, all right? Okay. All right, hold on the line. All right. Man, that wasn't bad. Not bad. He stumbled a little. A little stumble, but might have been nervous. Yeah, but he did very good. 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York, two for Tuesday with Nirvana from Nevermind. That's lithium and all apologies before that. Unplugged. It's Opie and Anthony. Hi, NEW. Yeah, I'm the guy on the line who's willing to come in there and kiss Opie and Anthony's bare ass in the studio for those tickets. Why would we want you to kiss our bare asses? Well, it'd be good radio, wouldn't it? Maybe for Howard's show, but not ours. I don't really enjoy guys kissing my butt. Well, it'd be a sign of worship because you have the tickets and I don't. Yeah, but why would I want you to do that? I don't get it. You don't get it? No. Because it's a sign of what I'd be willing to do. I would be willing to degrade myself in such a way to get those tickets. But don't you understand? I would probably puke and why is that fun for me? I don't know, because you have a guy desperate enough to do that, basically. I see. Now I guess we're going to have to pass on the kissing my ass idea. Want me to sing Losing My Religion for you? No, that's okay. But keep thinking. Okay, I'm a steady listener and I love your guys' show by the way. All right, thank you. Keep up the good work. Thanks a lot. It's really easy. You guys aren't getting it. Wildest thing you would do for REM tickets. And we're just getting bad ideas so far. Actually one guy said he's going to bungee-court jump off the George Washington Bridge today. Can't do that. If he does it though, we'll give him the REM tickets. We didn't tell him to do it. Wouldn't even get. Wouldn't even be able to anchor the thing before, you know, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo. In New York you never know, Anthony. Yeah, I know. All right, what we're going to do though, because there are a lot of people that don't want to play our little games today, and they're living, you know, too far away to actually, you know, get to Midtown. When you hear the latest REM song, Day Sleeper, which we're going to do in the 5 o'clock hour, when you hear that, if you're the 10th caller, 212-757-1027, we will give you a pair of REM tickets, okay? All right. Now we're going to be able to drive home tonight, Anthony, and watch the game. We're going to be able to get you a pair of REM tickets. All right. Now we're going to be able to drive home tonight, Anthony, and watch the Yankee game, or are we going to be stuck in Midtown once again tonight? Well, we just made it out last night. Barely, though. We peeled out of here a little after 7, and I saw the helicopters hovering above Midtown. When we made the expressway, all I know is tons of cops were coming in from Queens to help out with this rally that went on in Midtown last night. Yes. Or Matthew Shepard. Now, obviously that was a very tragic thing that happened to that college kid in Wyoming. Yeah. And something you brought up about two weeks ago about this, the guys who did this, because they're homophobes and stuff, they really weren't thinking. Yeah, because the last thing you want to do after you kill a gay guy is end up in prison. Right. Because they're in for a rude awakening when they come in. Oh, yeah. I think they're going to experience a little love in prison, let's just say. So what do you think of this whole march yesterday? March turns ugly. Gay slave march turns ugly. Yeah. Well, I'll be... The cops had to go in there and do what they did, to tell you the truth. I think with any group of people blocking the roads, that's all I care. I pay my taxes to keep the roads clear so I can commute. Yeah. That's all. Well, they got a picture on page three of this couple in their car just hating life, because they know they're in the middle of the rally. Do you think they're sympathetic to any cause at that point? No, of course not. They're like, oh, great, we wanted to be home by 8. It looks like we're going to be home by 10 or 11. That's not the way to garner support, is to block streets for people that want to go home. It doesn't do it. It gets people pissed. It makes them yell epithets in their cars that they wouldn't normally yell. Well, what I don't understand is, you know, obviously this was a horrible crime, but where were all these people last night when it hit the news about the black guy that was dragged down south? Why weren't they outraged about that? Well, that's another problem, though. We're pretty fragmented as a society here. You want real acceptance and equality? Any group that protests about a killing, you want real acceptance? You will know you have acceptance when no one cares anymore, when there's no signs. See how you got all the signs and everything? Hate killing and they got a picture of Matt Shepard and killed by homophobes, and then the other guy that was dragged by the truck. Blacks came out and protested. You will know when you are completely accepted as everybody wants to be into whatever this society is, when people are killed and no one cares and there's no more signs and rallies and everyone just goes about their way with total apathy. No one cares. Then you'll be accepted. Isn't that great? That's interesting. Well, it's horrible. It's definitely horrible. It's just the way it works in this society we live in. But it's just said that we're all part of a group now. Yeah, because the gays don't come out in force when a black guy gets killed or an Asian, or when Joe Schmo out on the street. People get killed all the time, pretty much every day in New York. But when you're what they call the majority, it doesn't matter. No, no one cares. It might make a little blurb in the back of the paper and life goes on. But you'll know when you're completely accepted, whatever group you are, when no one cares, when one of your brethren are killed. Wow. Because that's just the way it is. Pretty heavy stuff from Anthony today. Heavy? It's just the way I see it. Then again, I could be totally wrong. There you go. I'm sure people have comments about this. But that's rare. Just ask my wife. I'm right all the time. Oh, brother. 212-757-1027, if you've got something for the show today. On the way we've got the Stones and some David Bowie. Stay there. The Rock of New York, 1027-W-A-W, David Bowie on Two for Tuesday. It's Ovi and Anthony. Don't forget, NW presents a world premiere of Bruce Springsteen box set listening party. We were the station that world premiered some tracks off of Tracks, the box set that's coming out November 10th. And this is cool. We're going to hear pretty much the whole box set. We're all going to get together. And that's going to happen October 27th at the Hard Rock Cafe. And what you got to do is listen to W&W to find out how you can be there. It's going to be very, very cool. And for the purists out there, because I do pay attention, and I was reading all the postings you guys did on the Internet, how we didn't really care about world premiering the Bruce Springsteen and stuff. Who said that? I don't know where you got that from. We totally cared, and that's why we did it, and put our jobs on the line and stuff. I want to give you a few more song titles. All right. Because I mean, the purists out there, they take this info, and they run right to the Internet, and they post it and tell all their friends all over the country. So we have to give them some more info here, Anthony. Okay. On disc two, you're going to hear Restless Nights, A Good Man Is Hard to Find, Roulette, Dollhouse, Where the Bands Are, a song we've been playing a lot in the last four or five days, Loose Ends, Living on the Edge of the World, Wages of Sin, and Take Them as They Come, and others, of course. But there you go, some more songs that you'll hear on the box set. And like I said earlier, I think a lot of people's bootleg collections are going to not be as valuable after this comes out. With all this out? Well, I had a friend, Buzzy. Yeah. He bootleg so many Bruce Springsteen shows, it wasn't even funny. Did he? And I was actually part of it before I decided I didn't want to get thrown in jail and stuff. We had the best game going, though. It wasn't like the time Rerun took the tape recorder in to see the Doobie Brothers on What's Happening, was it? I remember that episode. What a tragic, tragic event in bootlegging history. You see, what happened was these guys that wanted the bootleg tape gave this little Panasonic cassette tape recorder to Rerun to sneak in in front row tickets to see the Doobie Brothers. Can I stop you for a second? Yeah. What was Rerun doing listening to the Doobie Brothers? Exactly. Oh, come on, who was he kidding? Hey, hey, hey, hey, Raj! Right. I got tickets to the Doobie Brothers! He should have been bootlegging some Grandmaster Flash. Back then. Yeah, of course. From old school. Of course. Yeah. So it got all botched up, right? Yeah, well, he put the tape recorder in his jacket and Rerun, you know how he loves to dance. He's boogieing to the Doobies and the tape recorder falls out on the floor. And the batteries bounce around and stuff. And not only does security come over, but the Doobies stop playing and stare them down. Like, at that point, they should have been happy somebody was there. Yeah, of course. Very good. So don't let that happen to you. I wonder if I should tell what we used to do. Yeah, I can, because I don't think Buzzy does it anymore. Well, my friend Buzzy, he would make believe he was crippled. Crippled. He would put a bandana on his head and I would crippled? A bandana on your head? Well, he would do that and he would just not look right, okay? And I would wheel him in. Oh, in a wheelchair? Yeah, in a wheelchair. Oh, okay, well you've got to specify that. I was getting to the rest of this and little did the guards know, the chair that he was sitting in was hollowed out. And he had the latest video equipment. Come on. Yes. So I wheeled him in. Then we had another friend that actually brought a tripod into the shows, separately, like at another entrance. Because we wanted some of that cool footage. We didn't want the shaking hand and stuff. How did he get past the frisking? Who? The tripod guy. The tripod guy. He would just go, no, no, man, it's for my binoculars, see? And show the guards the binoculars. Oh, stop. I'm serious, it worked. They would pat him down. They wouldn't see a camera. They'd think, oh, all right, go ahead, you must be a freak. All right. Then we'd meet up in a bathroom. And another guy had a gym bag. So we'd wheel Buzzy into the bathroom. And then we would take the equipment out of the wheelchair, put it in the duffel bag and go running to our seats. He was so good, actually, when Bruce was coming to town, he would get the whole make-out of the arena and pick the exact seat where it was in the middle of the section, in the middle of a row. So no guards could catch him that way. So a guy would run off with the duffel bag, filled with the video equipment. And then I would put the wheelchair with the first aid station, saying, hey, my buddy's in the seat and I'll get it after the show. And then after we would get a Bruce Springsteen videotape, as soon as we got one completely done, like the first set or something, we'd give it to a runner. And he would run away with the tape just in case we did get caught. We'd at least have some footage from the show. Right. Right. Wow. How about that? Let me tell you something. Buzzy never got caught. Did this over and over and over again. So don't tell me I don't know Bruce. That's a good gag. I know Bruce very well, actually. I'm kind of bummed that our bootleg materials not to be worth as much anymore, but not that we ever made money off this, of course. Of course not. It was just for your friends. There you go. All right. On the way, we got some R.E.M. That should mean something to someone out there. If you know what I mean. Keep listening. One oh two seven W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York, two for Tuesday with R.E.M. Shani Happy People and the latest from Up Day Sleeper and Ariel Alvarado. Is that it? Ariel Alvarado from West Patterson, New Jersey. He's got he's got the tickets to see R.E.M. What? We got to get this guy on the line. His name's Ariel. It's a guy. Loved you in The Little Mermaid. Wasn't that The Little Mermaid's name? Ariel? Yes. You got to get this guy on the line. I got to talk to him, right? Ariel. Is he a ballerina? What does he do for a living with a name like Ariel? I'm a plumber. Yeah, sure you are. My name's Ariel. Hey, Arnie, hand me that fitting. All right, Ariel. Ariel, come on. I thought Opie was a stupid name. I mean, it's not a stupid name, but I'm sure the guy gets teased a lot with a name like Ariel. Probably did in school. All right, well, Ariel, congratulations. Please call me because I want to know why your name is Ariel. I think your parents have a sick sense of humor, I guess, but instant feedback, Opie. Thief? Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Thief. Steve, in Greenwich. Hey, Opie, are you a moron? You just confessed to a crime on the air. Yeah? Your bootlegging story is a crime. Well, prove it. Yeah, prove that I have any bootlegs still. Yeah. And I made money off it. A mere confession does not a case make, and I'm sure the statute of limitations is way up on bootlegging. Would you like to confess a crime today, Anthony? To tell you the truth, I don't really have any crimes. Really? I was a... My mom always said it in my head that if I go to jail, she's leaving me there to rot. It was instilled in me to just stay out of any trouble. I really didn't, aside from smoking a doobie when I was in school. All right, I'll confess another one. Maybe feeling a little pot or maybe killing someone. That's all boring stuff. I'll confess another one. What did you do? This can't be proven either. I went to Geneseo State College and I was really bored with school after like 11th grade. I went to college pretty much for the party and to learn radio. I'm serious. Great. I thought half the stuff they teached in the classrooms was a complete joke. Teached instead of taught? You mean maybe you should have paid a little more attention to my grammar. I'm street wise, Anthony. Teached. Teached. Taught. Sorry, taught. Yes. I wouldn't have pointed it out unless you were talking about something other than school. What time did you use your trigonometry skills in the everyday world, Anthony? Well I was just figuring out the area of this paper. I discovered early on that school really wasn't for me, especially college. Oh, we got Ariel on the line? You want me to continue my story or you want to talk to Ariel? I got to hear Ariel. All right. We'll get to my story in a little bit. It's pretty good actually. Ariel. Ariel. Yeah. What's up, man? What's going on? Who's this? It's Opie and Anthony. We got you live in the air, so no curse. All right, I won't. It's a girl's name, I know. Actually, it's a guy's name too, though. Oh, you've pretty much rationalized that one. Hey, it's a Jewish name. It could be either guy or girl. Are you like a ballerina? No, I'm not a ballerina. No, I'm not a mermaid. A Jewish name. What happened to Saul, a maury or something? What would you want me to do? My parents were on drugs at the time. Obviously. Were you named after like a grandma or something? No, just a friend of hers. Gave her the name. A friend of hers. Yeah, a friend of my mother's. Was it her name? It wasn't her name, no. She heard it. She heard it. She heard it. It wasn't her name, no. She heard it was a guy's name that he used it. And then the damn Little Mermaid movie came out and I bothered everything. So, Ariel, what do you do for a living? What I do for a living? I work doing marketing. Marketing. All right. And did you have any problems in school with a name like Ariel? What do you think? Of course I had problems in school with a name like Ariel. I think you learned how to fight. I was doing, you know. Did you? Okay, like a boy named Sue kind of thing. Yeah, exactly. That was your theme. Now do people shorten your name so you're not as embarrassed? Yeah, they do. What do you call me? Ari. Oh, Ari. Or Ari. Yep. But Ariel. I know. What do you want me to do? I had something to say. Yeah, Ari's a guy's name. Ari Leyendeich was like a car driver. Yeah, what's your middle name? My middle name? Yeah. Hilda. No, it's not Hilda. Bertha? No. Gertrude? I don't have one actually, to be honest with you. You need the middle name. I know. You can make one up. Right in the middle. Yeah, you can make one up. Right, and go with that. Yeah. Ariel Alvarado. That's right. All right, Christine. Nice talking to you. God. Congratulations. Thank you very much. Are you going to take your date, Bob? No, I'm not taking my date, Bob. Hey, you know, if you decide to ever have a sex change, you don't have to change your name. Well, there you go. All right, Ari. All right. Congratulations. Thanks a lot. Enjoy the REM show. All right, thank you. You guys are great. Take care. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. I'm going to go ahead and put this on the screen. That's a cheap trick. I want you to want me. I want you to want me. Between now and seven, we'll play that song when you hear it. Be the tenth caller at two one two seven five seven one oh two seven and you'll score some tickets to see R.E.M. One oh two seven W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York. That's a cold two for right there. The Clash, the Magnificent Seven and Big Audio Dynamite before that rush from the Globe CD. It's Hope and Anthony. Hey man. How are you? Well, a little worried again. Why are you worried now, Anthony? In the continuing saga of they're watching you. Remember about a month ago, I guess I brought up a story about all the cameras in New York City. Yeah, there are cameras on you right now and you don't even know it. Yeah, you're on camera more than you're not on camera. There's some capacity, whether it's highway cameras, store cameras, cameras on the sides of buildings over awnings. You're on camera a lot. A lot of cameras at stop signs now taking the pictures of your cars when you go through a stoplight. Yeah. You're on camera. Smile. Didn't you mention that you're on camera more than you're off camera during the day in New York? Yes. In some way you are on camera more than you're off camera. That's a scary thought actually. Well, here's another one. You know the people with EZPass? Yeah. People that you look at with contempt as you're waiting online and they're zipping right past. Yeah. How handy that is. Yes. Well, I'm sure it didn't come with the EZPass brochure that they're going to start putting EZPass antennas on the side of the Staten Island Expressway, parts of the Bruckner and the Major Deegan Expressway. That's just the beginning. I'm sure they're going to put it everywhere eventually. Exactly. These antennas. Now why do you ask would they use these? Their official line is it's going to be used for monitoring traffic. So the traffic companies that give traffic to the radios and TV can get a better line on if traffic's moving because they could read the readings off the antennas, see if there's EZPass cars going through. You time them at one antenna, time them at another, calculate the distance. Yes. And what do you have? Speed. There you go. And if they figure out an EZPass cars going 20, 25 miles an hour on one of these highways, obviously there's a problem in the area. That's one of those little math problems I remembered from school. Okay. Time, distance, speed. Yes. You know what that also means? They could tell how fast you're going. But they're saying in the paper, Aunt, they're not going down that road with this. You know what that EZPass little medallion in your windshield holds? Your information. That's how they know where to send the bill to when you're zipping through the tolls. So why can't a ticket be mailed to that same address? Directly to your house without the cop even stopping you. Doesn't even have to be there. Can monitor an entire stretch of roadway without ever seeing you. They would make a bloody fortune if they passed this. A little scary, isn't it? Yes, it is. Just a tad. I just don't understand the cops. And you guys are out there. And a lot of you do do your job on the highway. You see someone speeding in and out of traffic and then putting other people in danger. You pull them over, you give them the ticket. That's your job and I understand that. I don't understand the cops that go out of their way and they're sneaky to give you a ticket. For example, I'm still bitter. I got a bunch of speeding tickets all in one year. Thank God, in three different states. I got pulled over once by a cop and I go, where the hell did you clock me? He goes, did you see the guy in the lawn chair about two miles up the road off to the side of the road? I'm like, yeah, he had a gun. A guy in a lawn chair. Guy in a lawn chair. I'm like, you've got to be kidding me. And the sad part is I was the only guy on the road. Who was I endangering if I'm going over the speed limit? Except for myself. Well, that's how they make their money. What about, should we mention the little speed trap they got on 135? Oh, out on Long Island, it's hysterical. 135, Seaford-Oyster Bay Expressway ends just north of the expressway. When you get on to 135, you look in your rearview mirror, there's always some Nassau County cops there waiting. Waiting. I don't know what for. At the end of the highway. I'm barely up to 60 on the on-ramp. Now who's putting people in danger at the end of the highway where you have to sit there and pull people over? I don't know. Give me a break. Well, the ticket thing is just one part of this, though, the easy pass thing. How do you feel about people knowing where you are at any given moment? Picture these things all over the United States. You would be known where you are at all times. And recorded. That's just scary. That's scary stuff. That's 1984 stuff that they were talking about back in 1984 when everybody went, 1984, come on, I can't have it. And then things slowly creep into our culture that really do seem like 1984, the book. George Orwell was on to something by then. Well, everybody had this impression of it as this big science fiction thing where it would take technology that we didn't possibly have, which at the time we didn't. You know, big roving camera spacecraft going around the streets. You know something? You don't need it. No. Cameras are inexpensive enough now to put them at every corner. Yes. So we don't need one big camera. What I don't understand is getting the ticket in the mail because you blew a stoplight. Yeah. And they take your picture. They prove that you blew the stoplight and they send the ticket to your house and now you've got to pay that. There are times that it's okay to blow a stoplight. Simple as that. There are times where you're not putting anyone in danger. The light is red forever and you need to go. Tell it to the judge. Not. But at the worst, if you're going to give these tickets out, at least have a cop there, not a camera taking the picture and mailing it right to your house. It's ridiculous. Oh, but today's technology, let's say with this easy pass thing that we're talking about, if they use this to get your speeder. Yeah. How about not only do they send you a ticket. No. Just deduct the funds right out of your electronically linked bank account. Right. And just pull it right out. Pull the money right out. Like an automatic deposit thing. You don't even have to know about it, people. You could lose hundreds of dollars just driving to work. Who cares? You don't even have to go to work. Just send your car out now. They'll know where it is and ticket it. Why bother? It's getting quite frightening. It really is scary. And this is just now. Wait another few years. When technology gets better and the prices of things get cheaper, everyone has it. Everyone will have cameras. Very interesting, Anthony. Yeah. It is 2 for Tuesday. On the way we got some Van Halen and Eric Clapton next. It scares me. We're getting too serious today, Anthony. Well, lighten it up a little. They ought to put an easy pass on Tyson. Look at, keep track of this guy. Man, you know, did the papers have to use that shot of Tyson? They got him making that squished up face. What's he doing there? It looks like he just saw a gazelle and he got excited. Come on. What? I thought we were just having fun here. So what do you think? Do you think he deserves to be back in boxing? Of course he does. Without a doubt I think he does. He bit a guy's ear off. So what? If anything, he should have been able to fight all along. It's not like, you know, Mike Tyson, brain surgeon, bit off the assisting nurse's ear and they have a hearing to see whether he can do brain surgery again. Simple as that. He's a boxer, he's a fighter. You want somebody with blood instinct like that. Simple as this. He's made so much money for boxing. They flat out owe it to him. They flat out owe it to the guy. They know what he's all about ever since the first time he stepped into the ring. Well, like everything else, it comes down to what you said too, cash. Because if you remember, a couple of months ago, Mike Tyson was getting his Atlantic City boxing license. He was applying for it. Yeah. And then all of a sudden out of nowhere, he goes, oh, don't want it. Next thing you know, he's in Vegas trying to get his Nevada license back again. You think he didn't get a call from those guys going, don't go to A.C., don't go to Atlantic City, come back here, we'll work it all out. You know why? Because then Atlantic City gets all the money. And obviously the accountants figured out how much money they've lost in boxing last year with Tyson not around. Right. And they said, whoa, we got to get him back. It was all about cash all along. It wasn't about how crazy he was. They don't care about how crazy he was. They just have to make it look good for you and I when we're reading these articles in the paper and stuff. Right. Yeah, Magic Johnson. Magic Johnson. You know, I got to say this. We got to like, no, I can't say it. Why? Because he's an institution. Muhammad Ali, I was so depressed to see him on TV last night looking like that. Isn't that a shame? And they could say it's Parkinson's until they're blue in the face. That guy just took too many blows in the ring. Too much rope, the dope. But it's just so sad to see him like that with his wife reading statements. His wife sounds like a guy. Did anyone else notice that on behalf of Muhammad Ali, my husband, I want to say I believe Mike Tyson should fight. Yeah. I mean, check her package. You might have a penis. She might be sporting a penis. Muhammad doesn't know the difference. Someone help him out and make sure she doesn't have a penis. I float like a cinder block and sting like rocky road ice cream. What? Hello? Hello? I must say, though, the best moment in sports history, this could be debated for years, but especially if you listen to the fan, they could do like a month on this. But the time that Muhammad lit the torch for the Olympics. Oh, yeah. Goosebumps, like you wouldn't believe. Touching. Touching. But look at his picture in the Daily News. He's looking over like like a I don't know what. It's horrible. Puppy in front of a kibble. It's absolutely horrible. It's really sad. If Tyson, you know, needs a reason to get out of boxing, he should have just looked to his right. You know, but Magic Johnson got up and spoken on his behalf to Magic needs another job. He was still the greatest world. I believe. Speaking in front of a committee and he still can't talk worse than the monologues on his old TV show. All right, let's move on. We got some cheap trick on the way and the wall flowers stay there. One oh two seven W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York, the wall flowers, Sixth Avenue, heartache and the difference before that. It's two per Tuesday with Opie and Anthony. I finally figured out what I have a problem with with John Glenn going back into space real quick because I just had it popped up on the web page. Yeah, it's just his head sticking out of that space suit is like when you put an old person's head like on a muscle guy body because all the astronauts look exactly the same in the space suit because the space is the same. Sure. And when you have the young head sticking out of the top, it looks right. Yeah. But then when you pan up and you see the space, it then it's just I swear to God, he looks like the turtle from the Bugs Bunny cartoon. I'm going to beat the rabbit. He's got that big shell like suit on with the old withered head sticking out in the wrinkly neck. Yeah. I'm going in the space and I'm going to beat the rabbit. Doesn't he? You know, Walter Cronkite is ticked off at John Glenn because he wanted to be the oldest man in space. Walter Cronkite? Walter, come on. I don't think you belong in space on a shuttle. Yeah. Well, John Glenn's going up with 29. Yeah. You all wish him well. Want to talk to a lady that doesn't like us? Yeah. Why not? Pam? Hello? Yeah. You still there? I'm still there. We got you on the air live. Hi. Did you like our little John Glenn break? Did that make you laugh? Not really. She doesn't like us at all? No. No, we're trying so hard. She says that you tune us in every day though, right? No, you're kind of my first preset. I happen to like your taste in music. I just hate your taste in chat. Okay. So this is what she does. And we don't mind when these people are on the air. She starts with us every day on the way home. Nine out of ten times she changes the station. Wow, you're really trying, aren't you? So nine out of ten, you change the station, right? Yep. What was the one time that you actually stuck with us for a while? This afternoon coming home. Why? Because you didn't defend me. No, I didn't offend you with the easy pass thing. And Opie didn't offend you with what his bootlegging. Opie's grammar is something that needs a lot to be desired. Wow. It is horrible. Actually, the boss is working on that. Tell him to work harder and faster. She's bashing you, Opie. That's okay. Opie, I have a fifteen-year-old that thinks you walk on water. When he comes home and tells me that he got teased today, I'm going to have to knock him out. I know. All right. Taught is the word, kids. That was bad, wasn't it? Do you want to give me a favor? Yeah. Do you want to wish him a happy birthday and early happy birthday? His birthday is on Halloween. Will you promise to listen to us? It's on in the other room and I just woke him up from a nap and he's listening right now. All right, what's his name? Jeremy. All right, Jeremy, your mom rocks. We love her. Happy birthday, Jeremy. How was my grammar there? That was pretty good. It was? Yeah, except that rock isn't a verb. I know. Hey, what do you find funny? What makes you laugh? I'm into word play. What makes me laugh? I don't know. Maybe I have a warped sense of humor. But discussing other people's sexual problems, I don't find that funny. All right, then we'll discuss yours. I don't find those funny either. No? No. We're just trying to make people laugh on the way home. I understand that. I mean, honestly, I'll tell everyone out there, don't take it serious. Oh, I hear you. And I understand that a lot of times you do it just for the argumentative state. No, we don't. I think that people just don't want to, uh, forgot how to laugh. You know? I think that they're finding it harder and harder to find things funny. And what they're finding funny truly isn't funny. It's sad. Well, no, why? Because society has told everyone, you know, that it's not funny to make fun of other groups or situations or the president or the mayor. Why not? I mean, we should all lighten up and laugh at ourselves a little bit. Of course we should. You know, I don't disagree with you. I'll be the first one to laugh at myself. But to poke fun at people is hurtful. That's not funny. That's the way comedy's been for years. If you look at Lenny Bruce back in the 60s and the 50s, that was all taboo stuff that seems really commonplace and that seems like nothing today. Yeah, and actually I think in general comedy hurts. I think every time you make someone laugh, it hits a sensitive spot with someone else. And it gives them a release in order to allow it out so that they don't have a problem with it. I hear you. Well, and that's why me and Anthony always stress that we don't focus on one group for too long. You know what I mean? We'll move on and we'll try to pick on everyone. I don't know. There was about three or four or five weeks there of fill with Monica and that was... That was a nightmare. I know. Trust me. Yeah, I know. I was still doing President Clinton jokes on his show every night. That's terrible. Yeah, that's another reason I wouldn't watch him. There you go. We do respect your opinion and I'm working on my grammar. Like I said, the only reason it truly bothers me is I work in private industry and if you go out and try to get a job and you go to an interview and you use the word teach, you're never going to get that job. There are kids who listen to you and if you lower the standards and make that acceptable, guess what? You're killing the rest of us. Thank God they're listening to Puff Daddy also. They can blame it on that. At least we're not talking about our flip mode squad. Pardon me? Exactly. I must really be out of it. A flip mode squad. Big ups to my peeps. I feel like I'm talking to my mom. You probably are and you don't realize it. Guys, have a good night and stay safe. Thank you. Please listen to us for the rest of the week. I'll try. Okay. If anything, if any of this you find funny this week, please give us a call and let us know. I'm just curious to see what you laugh at this week. Okay. All right. Okay, have a good night. We'll check back with you. Bye. Thank you. My grammar does suck. Well, that was nice. Oh, it was, huh? Yeah. Okay. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. I'm going to go ahead and get started. We don't like taking the muzzles off sometimes and drawing blood, but damn it if we have to. We will. Yeah. All right. Cheap Trick next. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. Cheap Trick, Dream Police, and I Want You to Want Me. That was a song you had to be listening for for the REM tickets. And Marybeth O'Rourke was paying attention and she's got a pair of tickets. Congratulations, Marybeth. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey. Our listeners, you guys are the best, by the way. You truly are. Yeah, really don't like us and wish we would go away, but the other half really get what we're about and it's refreshing. Now what's that fact you got there, Opie? It's to me. Yeah? Better English. It's a book that someone sent you the cover of a book. The Better English Book. Teach yourself to speak and write correctly for greater self-confidence and effectiveness in your work among people. Well there you go. It's a painless study of grammar, a sensible guide to correct pronunciation, a handy list of spelling rules and memory aids, and over 50 quizzes and achievement tests as well. Thank you. You're going to have to pick that up. And in my hand, I hold the facts of the day. See, we just had a lady on the air. She must have been, she has a 15 year old son, so she's got to be 40, right? Could be. Could be. Could be 30. It's early regions of the country. Anyway, anyway, she doesn't like us. And we discussed it with her, right? Of course we did. And we respected the fact that, you know, she doesn't like us. She even told you your grammar was atrocious. Yeah, she did. And she was quite fearful that her 15 year old son would pick up some of your habits. And she was scared that we were going to attack her like rabid dogs. Well, there have been some callers that have called in and gotten the wrath of Opium Anthony. All right. With that said, here's the facts of the day. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for not ripping that last woman apart and not telling her she's a hideous, ugly, alcoholic loser whose husband probably left her years ago and she needs to take her Prozac and shave her face. It was really refreshing. Thank you. We're getting kind of a bad rap that we attack women on our show. My goodness. We love women here on the Opium Anthony show. Matter of fact, tomorrow, I do believe we're going to discuss fried green tomatoes and Emma and the bridges of Madison County. And we're going to discuss Oprah Winfrey's latest movie. I think everyone should go out and see it. The thing came in like fifth, fifth place in the weekly box office draws. Yes, but it's getting great reviews. Yeah, but it's by who? Oh, Oprah's going to get an Oscar. And this is great. Well, I was watching a little piece on that last night. Where? You know that Danny Glover told Oprah that he doesn't, you know, do stage kisses, that he does the real thing. Oh, you're Danny Glover. Why would you say that to Oprah? I would say that to someone like Janet Jackson, but not Oprah. Won't you? Won't you come here, baby? I don't fake these kisses. It's got to be real. So he I guess in some part of the movie actually slips of the tongue. Yes, that's what I'm getting at, Anthony. How about that? Just a thought. I don't know. I don't know anybody that saw the movie. No, do you? I don't know any guys that have seen the movie. Matt Devotee, did you see the new Oprah Winfrey movie? Whose movie? I guess. What? OK. See, I don't know anyone that even saw it. That's probably why you came in fifth. That was great radio, man. Thanks for the help. OK. Well, look, he's giving you a bad, bad eye now. What the hell did I do? Hey, man, I took a lot of abuse today. I got to start dishing it out. All right. So the Oprah movie is great and everyone should go see it. Everyone should go see it. Yeah. All right. We should get out of here. We had our fun for today. Is that it? Wow. Look at the time. Yeah, we decided to do a show the last hour today. Oops. A little slow start today. Sorry. If anyone noticed. OK. Don't forget, ADW presents a world premiere of Bruce Springsteen box set listening part This is really cool. Here cuts from the new Springsteen box set tracks before it goes on sale November 10th. That's going to happen next week at the Hard Rock Cafe on the 27th, which is what a week from today. What you got to do is keep listening to W.A.W. for all the details on that. OK. All right. And with that, we move on. Hasta manana.