 It's Opie and it's you again. Hey, shut up. Great. Got to see you every day. How are you? No treat on this side, pal. Actually, me and Anthony are full of angst today. Oh. You know, how long have we been back in New York? I don't know. It's been about four months, I think. Yeah. Right? We were June 1st, I guess. Yeah, four months. October 1st, yes. Well, me and Anthony have found the location where you can get the worst burger in New York City. Ever. Ever, ever, ever. And you'll pay a premium for it. We paid 20 bucks for the worst burger I've ever had in my life. Each? It was like, realistically, like $17 each. Right. It was hard. It was like a rock burger. So if you're walking by the Oyster Bar on 54th and 7th Avenue, walk in and say, you guys serve the worst burgers in town. I know where the Rangers get their pucks for practice. I thought it was like McGuire's 69th and 70th. They served up. Just rolled it on a grill. Me and Anthony got in early. We were tooling around the streets in New York. We were like, hey, you know, we haven't had a burger in a while. You know, let's get a burger, Anthony. Our own fault. We walk into two or three places and, you know, it's those restaurants that, you know, they insist on actually sitting you on someone else's lap. It's like the little two people tables, but they're pushed together into four people tables and you're sitting with people you don't know. I don't want to sit next to someone. It's like we're on a date with these two girls. The guy seats us. Hope goes to take a whiz and I'm sitting down right next to two girls. I don't know who they are. Then Hope comes back and sits down like, I hate this. It's uncomfortable. So we got out of there and then we went into another place. Same deal. We're packed in like sardines. The place is packed and happening. So then we walked to the Oyster Bar on 54th and 7th Avenue and we walk in and Anthony, how many people were in the joint? Us and some guy at another table. Exactly. That should have been our first clue that this place doesn't make good burgers. How could they screw up a burger? That's what we thought. We're like, okay, there's not many people in here. That's a little strange, but how could they screw up a burger? Exactly. They screwed it up. No cheese. Nothing. Well, what happened? We sat there for a half hour for our burger. Half an hour. Half an hour for a burger. There's no one else in the place. I'm like, boy, I wonder why it's taking so long for our burgers. Are they going to McDonald's and coming in the back door with them? Chasing the rat. So they finally come back with this thing that kind of resembled a burger. I look at the waitress. I'm like, is this a cheeseburger? It is a sirloin burger. Sirloin, it was oblong. The roll cracked my teeth. Yeah, it was on this real hard roll. It was a big lump of meat. It was a lump of a mess. What a screw up that was. So I just start getting really, really obnoxious. And then who walks into the place? Danny Bonaduce. Yeah. And he wouldn't even stay. He wouldn't even stay there. I'm like, oh, man, we must be losers. He won't even stay here. I'm looking at the menu and the woman goes, you like to sit down? No, I'm going to smoke a cigarette. So he takes off. I'm like, great, we're in our own misery here. What a mess. And then I start screaming for the check at the top of my lungs. I had the whole place laughing. Gets done, throws the napkin, whole place. The one guy at the table. Yeah. Throw the napkin on the plate. Check! Check! She comes to me. It was a problem because I ate like three bites. Right. I didn't exactly what I wanted. Oh, well, here's your $40 check. $40, 20 bucks for a burger. I'm going to send you the dentist bill. I cracked a few teeth on your burger. So we're, yeah, that's an early FU from us. Yeah, we're real happy today. Oyster Bar, 54th and 7th Avenue. Where's burgers in town? Our fault. We should have known because there was no one in there. And who gets burgers in an oyster bar? Right. That's what the whole staff at A.W. is walking in going, you idiots. You don't go to an oyster bar to get a burger. You just wanted a burger. That's it. So now we're hungry. I'm not hungry. I think I'm nauseous. I think I may whoop before the show is over. All right. We got lots to do. 212-757-1027 is the phone line. The fax line is 212-957-WNEW. And we got the instant feedback there. WNEW.com. Click on our pictures and bingo. You're there. Hey, I want to say hi to Stephanie and the gang at Appetite Delight Deli. I bet you they have good food there. We should go there next. They actually keep us on because the customers love to come in and listen to us. Oh, good. Thank you. I appreciate that. I wonder if they have good burgers there. On the way, we got some REM and Queen. 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York, Sean Mullins. Lullaby. Dopey and Anthony, got to say hi to Wayne. Wayne's abusing me. He heard our little story about our burgers for lunch. Yeah, not a good story. No, we officially ate the worst burgers of all time today at the Oyster Bar on 54th and 7th Avenue. I am so ticked off because we even told them that the burgers were horrible and they still charged us full price. They're like, oh, that's too bad. That'll be 40 bucks for two burgers. That was the worst, worst lunch I ever had. I could say ever. Ever. It was just horrible. We just wanted a little bite to eat before we came into work today. We hit three other restaurants and we really didn't feel like being seated on someone else's lap. I just never understand that about New York where they actually seat you on someone's lap. You go, wait, someone said they're going to be seated on someone else's lap. You see, your seat is on top of her. See, we pile them too deep on each seat. So we walk into the Oyster Bar and no one's there. That should have been our first clue. We should have left that place too. Yeah, but Wayne writes, hey, Opie, instead of eating delicious mouth-watering burgers at the Oyster Bar, you can go pumpkin picking again. He'll never do that. He'll never. He'll never. Then he writes, every time I pass that place, there's never anyone inside. How do they stay in business? Well, me and Anthony figured out how they might stay in business. We think it's a front. We think it's a front, yeah. Like a bodega or whatever. You know those bodegas where you go in and they have like one carton of milk and some old rotting fruit and a box of cereal? Yeah, and they're selling stuff. In the back room. Me and Anthony are thinking, you go in there. It's a secret club. Right. You try to like order the calamari, wink, wink. Oh, and then they go, yeah. Oh, you want the calamari. Oh, then I guess you won't be needing the menus. Right. Follow me. And you go in the back room and there's like Vietnamese hookers or something? That's the only thing we can figure. That would have been better than the burgers we ate. We just weren't in the loop, I guess. We just didn't know the right thing to order. Next time. Next time. I'm never going back there. No, not at all. Well, got an email here. Should we read this now or should we wait? What is it? About the Today Show. That was funny. It was funny. If you're a faithful listener to the show, you know that me and Anthony have a thousand dollars on the table. It sits here. We start our show and we put the thousand bucks right here on this platter under this glass here. There it is. And it just sits there until a girl shows her breasts on the Today Show live. Well, we didn't get breasts this morning, but we got something very, very entertaining this morning that shocked the people at the Today Show. Some guys were pretty creative out there. Yes. Well, let me read the email real fast. Hey, Opie and Anthony, are you guys still taping the Today Show? Check out Today Show segment of Al Roker at 830 to 835. There's a man proposing to his fiance and in the background is a wild jumping guy with a fake penis. It was pretty funny, but I'd rather much see some chicks' breasts. Will that ever happen? Joe from Easton, Pennsylvania. Wow, very cool. I would love to know who those guys were. I was roaring, laughing. Yeah, we had nothing to do with it, unfortunately, but the guy, he's there with his sign. He goes, you know, will you marry me? And Al takes the bait and the guy's all nervous and stumbling and they get his girlfriend live on the phone from, what, Chicago or something? I don't know, yeah. And he goes, will you marry me? And of course she says yes. So the guy starts screaming and jumping up and down like a madman. And then he pulls over his buddy. Right. Standing like behind him. Right. And his buddy starts jumping up and down real high and he's fiddling with something, like at his waistline. And before you know it, he pulls out this big fake penis. And he's shaking it as he's jumping up and down. He's jumping up and down and just swinging in the wind. Al Roker walked away disgusted. Yeah, disgusted. They didn't know what to do. The cameras start shaking and moving around and stuff. They cut to the local weather guy and he's like, oh, too much caffeine for that guy. He's jumping. I swear it was a one foot long rubber wiener. Yeah. And they got nailed this morning on Today Show without a doubt. Very funny. So it's obvious we could get the naked breasts on there eventually. Yeah. Those guys were pretty creative. We need to know who they are. Yeah. I would love to talk to them. If anyone has any info on the Today Show stunt this morning, please get ahold of us because that was just too freaking funny. It's right down our alley, right? Very funny. All right. 212-757-1027 if you got something to add. On the way, got some new U2s that we're going to check out and Brian Adams as well. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. That's brand new U2. That's the sweetest thing. Actually, it's a new version of Sweetest Thing. That song was supposed to be on the Joshua Tree but turned up as the B-side on Where the Streets Have No Name. U2, Sweetest Thing. That's off the best of 1980 through 1990 CD. That's coming out on the 3rd of November. All right. There you go. It's Opie and Anthony. Ran into Scott Mune on the way down to the studio today. You did? He's like, what chair was that mother sitting in that farted yesterday on your show? I think it was the same chair that the naked skanko that recited poetry sat on. He goes, no, that chair's in the corner. We know where that one is. We need to know where the other chair is. It's actually that one right there. Should we put that chair in the corner too? It's the far one. Which one? That's the one the kid was sitting in. It's the one just to the right of it. Where's Earl? Make Earl smell the seat to make sure it's that one and not that one. Earl, smell the seat. I want to make sure I don't sit in that one. He was serious though. Let me know which chair it was. The skanko seat's been taken out of circulation here at WNAW. Why? Did someone really take it? It's back there but it's still got the little sign on it. I put this is the chair on there. I put a sign so no one will use it and it's been there by the window. It's been there for about three weeks. Three weeks no one has used it. That's like the graveyard of chairs from the Opie and Anthony show. We've got to put the other chair over there from the farting mom from yesterday. I hope you heard that because farting mom. That was completely outrageous. Go Yanks go huh? Oh man huh? Hello Shane Spencer. Wow this kid. Amazing. Great. You see how excited Derek Jeter gets after this guy hits another homer? He's the first one on the top of the dugout steps you know sharing them on and stuff. There's like an article in the paper where the rest of the Yankees are going Shane calm down a little bit. You're making us all look bad. 26 year old rookie and the pitchers obviously haven't figured out how to pitch around him yet. It's great. What does he got 11 homers and 70 at bats for the Yankees? Yeah. Three grand slams. Not bad. Go Shane go. I'm a new fan. Now the Yanks got to go to Texas. Yeah but we got Coney it's all over. That's right. Bye bye Texas. Should we play piss off a Texan today? Well seeing how Texas isn't really going to be an issue for that much longer I think we should. Yeah but I don't know. The people that played yesterday were kind of lame. Then what are we going to do piss off a Bostonian? Yeah looks like we're going to play the Red Sox next. That could be really fun actually. Yeah but let's continue with piss off a Texan today. Yeah let's do that. You know we got Rick answering the phones. I think he'll conduct tryouts. Yeah you got to get past Rick and then we'll put you on the phone with a random Texan and see how well you'll do. I'm going to be brutal with these Texans so they cry. Yeah. Why are they crying? We don't want them to be. Well whatever you say New Yorker. Yeah well listen to me boy. You're a city boy ain't you? You got to have them like stop it. Stop don't say none of that no more. You got to have some like we said yesterday some good shops. You know some wit about you as well. Because anyone could get on the phone and just start screaming and yelling until they hang up. That's kind of boring. We want to make them hurt. Subtle. Yeah you got to hurtful. Yeah it's very good. That's it. So if you want to try out for that Rick is manning the phone lines 212-757-1027. Anything happening on the instance feedback yet? No a couple of people just chiming in saying hi. But they got to use it as a tool to get to the show. If you have something you want to talk about. Hello can I help you? Hi I was listening the other day. Yes. And you played a song and after the song they said it was J.J. Skinner. They call me the Breeze. Yes. And I can't find that anywhere. I can't even find somebody called J.J. Skinner. Huh that's strange. Yeah and then I went in like on the internet and I tried to find like keywords the Breeze. Yes. And I couldn't even find anything on that. Yeah it's J.J. Skinner. Who is that? He's a guy a local artist. He also did that Free Bird song. Free Bird? Yeah. J.J. Skinner. Does he have like a CD? Yeah a couple. You know he was kind of popular in the 70's. J.J. Skinner. Also had a song called What's That Smell. So would there be a CD with that song on it? Oh yeah. Of course there would be. Like what do you think? I'll just go to any record store and ask for you know J.J. Skinner. Right. They call me the Breeze. It's probably in the same section as like you know the Bobby Daniels band would be. Yeah I tried that. They didn't have a... Frog Hat. Have you ever heard of Frog Hat? Frog Hat? Yeah. Frog Hat. They're good. No. Great band from the 70's as well. Frog Hat. Yeah. Okay so J.J. Skinner is a real person then. Yeah J.J. Skinner. Yep. The bald one brothers. Okay. You ever hear of the bald one brothers band? No. J.J. Skinner also did Give Me Three Steps. Give Me Three Steps Toward the Door. Oh I know that one. Oh there you go. That's J.J. Skinner as well. So I went into all these like big stores and I couldn't find anything with him. Well they're right next to the Med Zeppelin section. Okay. A doctor group that had some hot tunes in the late 70's. Okay. Alright. So I'll just go back to the store then. Yeah go right back to the store. Go to the front counter and you know. I did that. I even tried Amazon.com. J.J. Skinner huh? He wasn't even listed in there. You know what? It's probably the same section as Molly Hammer. Okay. Yeah. So it's like. They did Flirting with Disaster. You ever hear of that? Yes. Molly Hammer. That's Molly Hammer yes. Okay. Alright they might have a retro section that has all these great bands. Yeah. Okay. Alright. Alright thanks a lot. Alright. Good luck to you. Thanks. Alright. Bye. 1027 WNAW The Verve Bittersweet Symphony on the Rock of New York. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey lots going on on the show today. We just got the audio from the Today Show stunt. Yes. And I want to play that for everyone. If you weren't watching the Today Show this morning. No, no, no. We didn't finally get a girl to show her boobs live on the Today Show for the thousand dollars which sits here every afternoon waiting. Still waiting. To be given away to the first lovely lady to show her boobs live on the Today Show. We watched the Today Show and we wait. We wait for the boobs. Yeah. We are trying to find who was responsible for that prank this morning on the show because it was absolutely hysterical. That was a good one. Al Roker got suckered in so bad it's not even funny. Some guy was supposed to be proposing to his fiance, future fiance. Yeah. And got Al over there, microphone and gets some girl on the phone. Yeah. I guess she had to be in on it too. She was in on the gag. Proposed to her. Yeah. And then when she said yes the guy gets all excited and starts jumping around and Al's like flustered. Yeah. And then he pulls over a buddy in the crowd that he had with him. Yeah. And this guy is in shorts and he's jumping up and down and he whips out a big rubber swing. A big rubber dildo. Yeah. And he's jumping up and down. The thing is flapping all the way up to his chest and down to his knee. Al Roker was horrified. He didn't know what to do. So we got the audio from the Today Show this morning. So when the lady says yes in this audio you're about to hear, just picture in your mind a guy in the background jumping up and down with this big huge dildo swinging in the wind. Okay. Flopping up and down and Al gets flustered. Let's check it out. We got a young man here. What's your name? Alan. Alan. Yes. So what's the deal? Well the deal is I came to New York to raise awareness for little Donnie's needs, Magnumus Oblivial Falusitis and I also want to propose marriage to a very beautiful woman. What's your name? Alan. No. Her name? Karen. Little nervous are you? I'm very nervous. Little Donnie's disease is very important. Okay where's Karen at? Karen is in Chicago. Karen are you there? Hello. Hi Karen. Karen. Hi. We want to build this up Alan. Settle down. How long have you been dating this guy? Two and a half. Be honest. Alan. Settle down here. We're not going to do this. Now settle down. Karen, how long have you been dating? A couple of years. A couple of years. Alright. He says two and a half. Anyway, he has something he wants to ask you. Okay. Go ahead Alan. Karen. Yes. Will you marry me? Sure. The right here is the swinging slung in the background. I love you Karen. I love you Karen. Let's go. Let's take a look. Show you what's going on right now. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Well, neither of the könnte de Slim's, he says, see, in two years. Perfect. priests. Water meter yet. I, I use some of the luxury dip香ageno. Okay. Okay. Jokes el lockdown de Suzy. Okay sh works. All right. Come and catch me some P Åkka indirect andün or 20不会 containing he wants to come here and okay remove I'm It was totally taken. See, this proves that we could get the naked boobs on the Today Show eventually. Yeah! Look how creative those guys were. It's just too bad it wasn't boobs. And for no money they did that. No money and we're trying to find out who those guys are. Easy as that. If that would have been boobs, she'd have gotten the grand. There you go. If anyone has a clue, please give us a call. 212-757-1027. Alright? On the way, I think we're going to try to piss off a Texan. 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York with the bare naked ladies and one week off their stunt CD. It's Opie and Anthony. I think we're getting in trouble. We're getting in trouble again already? Yeah. Well, it's kind of fun though because we found out today that we actually have more listeners than we realized. I guess. You guys rule. Well, me and Anthony started the show today bitching about a restaurant that serves really, really bad burgers. Like, Anthony chipped his teeth. I wouldn't go that far. They served us like a brick on a roll. And we were really, really disappointed. We were hungry. So you know when you're really hungry, you can eat something that's really, you know, kind of even half-assed and it's still pretty good? It was bad. It was horrible. We didn't like it. Not at all. And we went into two restaurants before we picked a certain restaurant and it was so crowded where, you know, they actually, you know, seated us on someone else's lap. I don't sit that close to my wife when we eat together. They put us at a table for two next to another table for two that was so close together I was on a date. Me and Opie were dating this afternoon. There were two girls sitting at the table. We sat down. All of a sudden now, you know, she's asking me why I don't make enough money to support her kid. I'm picking up the check. It was a mess. So we got out of there. But you know what? It was so crowded. I guess that place serves very good food. I would gather. And then the second place that was really crowded that we walked out of must serve really good food. And then we came upon the third place and there was no one in the place. Wow. That should have been a clue because it was lunchtime. Yeah. They served us this mess. This mess. I look at the lady and I'm like, is this a cheeseburger? There's no cheese. It didn't even look like a burger. Looked like a, I don't know, it was oblong. You know what? I gotta say it. I've left things that look just like that in the bowl. I have to say it. It was that same shape. We wanted cheeseburgers. That's all we wanted. When you want a cheeseburger, what do you get? You get a cheeseburger. Nice and juicy. On a bun. Yeah. Yeah, whatever. This is brought over on this cement bread and it was a big log of meat that was well, well done. Honestly, the Rangers could have used this as their practice pucks. Pucks. Yes. Yes. And it cost us 20 bucks a person for this horrible burger. I was very disappointed. I told the lady because she came up to you and said, how is everything? I said, this isn't what I am used to. I said, I didn't like it because it wasn't what I ordered. This is not what I wanted. Wait, wait, say that again. So she came over to you and what? She said, what? You did not like this? This is not what I am used to. This is different from what my normal daily experience is. Be like everything else in my life. Exactly. That's what I said. Be like every other burger I've had in my life, please. I want a cheeseburger. I want it flat. I want it round. I want, oh, silly me, I want cheese on it. There was no cheese. And then we have ketchup on it and stuff because we just wrote it off. It took 30 minutes just to get the burger. So we figured, we'll write off the cheese, whatever. Oh, you want cheese? There's ketchup on it. It's in Opie's mouth already. Mine is like, I'm already chiseling away at it, trying to cut it. No, forget the cheese. Thank you. We're the only people in this joint. Only people in there. And why are we getting in trouble anyway? Well, because... Don't restaurant critics go around town, drop in unannounced, and then explain to the people through radio or TV or newspapers their experience in the restaurant? Yeah, me and Anthony have become restaurant critics. We have decided... We are starting a new feature on the show. It's the Opie and Anthony restaurant critic corner. So how do you rate the burgers from today, Anthony? I would say two fingers down the throat. So the problem... That's what I would say. Well, this is where the problem occurred though. We decided to tell our faithful listeners if they were walking by this certain restaurant... I think we're getting sued, so I can't say restaurant anymore. I don't understand why we can't though. Restaurant critics say it. All right, always smart. Someone just fell on the floor down the hall. My goodness. Yeah, we told our faithful listeners if they were walking by this place to walk in and tell them they have the worst burger in New York. So I guess a bunch of our listeners have been doing that for the last two hours. So they called up. To the point that the owner is on the phone with our legal department, ticked off. This restaurant's been here for 40 years. So have the burgers. I would think. These are our opinions of our meal. We can critique the meal we got for lunch. That's the bottom line. You might go in and have the most wonderful dining experience of your freaking life. We didn't. Order the seafood. So there you go. There you have it. I would love to put the owner of the restaurant on the air. I'll talk about his burgers if he'd like. Battle it out. We'll battle it out with you. I didn't think we should have to pay 20 bucks for something we were very disappointed in. When I told her, I mean, my whole burger is laying there. I did like three bites taken out of it. Oh, you didn't like it? Yeah, I'm figuring maybe maybe she might go scratch a coke off the check. Right. They still charge us for the cheeseburgers. There were no cheese on the thing. Scratch off the three bucks per burger for the cheese or whatever it is. No second chances here on the opening. And Anthony, the critics corner, critics corner, the critics corner. So if you want to like, you know, bring food to the studio, a, we're very hungry and B, we'll critique it. All right. On the way, we got a guy waiting to play a piss off a Texan. One oh two seven W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York with Green Day. It's Opie and Anthony and the burger controversy continues to grow here. Getting outrageous on the hotline. Yeah, we got the owner of the oyster bar who served us that messy burger today. Well, maybe we can get this straightened out. You think? I would hope so. We went there for lunch and as we see it, we got a bad lunch. A horrible burger. The burgers were bad. They were overcooked. It took a half an hour from the time we ordered them for lunch to get them. There was no one else in the place. So I don't understand why it took so long. Right. I want to clear these things up. And now I know where the bats went that Mark McGuire used to hit all those homers. They cut them up for the rolls in this place. The rolls are very hard. It wasn't a hamburger bun. We went in under the guise of getting a cheeseburger and some fries. Yeah. That's it. That's it. It was on the menu. That's what we wanted. It was more like a turd burger because it was shaped like that. It was like a mini meatloaf on a piece of what seemed to me to be stale French bread. Right. I wanted a cheeseburger for God's sake. That's all we wanted. That's all we wanted. I can state my case. That's how I saw it. Well, she's ticked off. Well, we're ticked off because we had to go to work hungry now. The burgers were so bad we're eating Fig Newtons now. Yeah. Give me one. I'm starving. So we don't pass out. Give me one of those. I guess the owner of the oyster bar is on the line here. Hello. Hello. Hi. Who's this? Yeah. Hi. Who am I speaking with? It's Opie and Anthony. We've got you live in the air. Who's this? Hi. This is Angela from the oyster bar. Hi, Angela. I've been getting phone calls from customers of mine saying they feel so sorry for me because they love my restaurant. We've been here for 40 years. Let me tell you something. You paid $6.95 for a burger. You didn't pay $17.95 for a burger. Oh, yes, I did. For one burger. Maybe you paid for two burgers. No, no, no. The check was $32. We don't charge $17.95 for one burger. I'm sorry, but we don't. Well, obviously they saw a couple suckers walk into your restaurant today because ... You want to know something? Let me tell you something. Well, first of all, do you know what shape a burger is supposed to be in? It's supposed to be round, not oblong. And we wanted cheeseburgers. We didn't get cheeseburgers. We didn't get a burger. I don't know what you served there. You know what? We're a seafood restaurant. Why did you come to a seafood restaurant? Because we wanted to eat seafood. We wanted to eat seafood. We wanted to eat seafood. We wanted to eat seafood. We didn't get cheeseburgers. We didn't get a burger. I don't know what you served there. You know what? We're a seafood restaurant. Why did you come to a seafood restaurant for hamburgers? Well, why do you have burgers on your menu then? Because we need to be diverse. The whole city's that way. Well, all right. All right. Wait, wait. So, okay. Why don't you suggest that maybe your burgers aren't up to par and maybe we should order the calamari. You know what? We've never had a complaint about our burgers before. Obviously, you guys are wise guys, but I'm going to tell you why. Wait. No, no, no. That's terrible. We're selling you the dental bill. I chipped a couple of teeth. It took 30 minutes, first of all, to even get the burger. You guys are really nice jokesters, but you know what? Look, you can't take it. There was no one in your restaurant. Let me tell you why. We came in for a lovely little burger. It took a half hour. Half hour to get the burger. You guys, I don't want to joke around with you because you guys are just wiseasses. You know what? You're going to hear from my lawyer. Hey, we can critique anything we want. My lawyer. Get your lawyer. Don't feed them. They'll die. While you're at it, why don't you send your burgers to Haiti? They're trying to rebuild the country. They need some bricks. They need something hurricane-proof. 1027 WNEW, The Rock of New York. It's Opie and Anthony. Got to say hi to Sophia. She's spreading the word of our show. She works at JFK. She's a sales manager over there. She's turned a lot of people onto the program. We definitely appreciate that. We're also noticing that we are gaining listeners lately. Yes. I think it's the effort of the listeners that is making that possible. I think it's the listeners, Opie, and fate. And fate? I have fate right here. Okay. Kathy in Poughkeepsie, I want to thank you for making my commute from Westchester to Dutchess County a blast. Thank you. I stumbled upon your show because I had a car accident and needed to rent a car. And 1027 was playing when I started up the rental car. So I guess I can be happy about the jackass in the white van who ran me off the road and didn't stop. I've told a lot of people about your show and my husband finally heard you yesterday and couldn't stop laughing. Thank you. They both loved the road rage. Keep us laughing. Screw the negative feedback. Well, the boss didn't like the road rage bit. Actually, all the bits he doesn't like, the listeners like. I'm getting confused here. So if we get enough... Who do we listen to? I don't know anymore. We just keep doing what we do. Isn't that amazing though that she only found us because she got a rental car and got a rental car. And now she's got an AEW. At that rate, it's going to take quite a while to get up to some listeners. At that rate, you're going to have a wappy and slappy during the afternoon because we'll be gone if it takes that long. Wappy and slappy. And why did that guy only discover us yesterday? We've been here for four months fighting here. It's just fate that has to happen like that. So I guess we should suggest that everyone gets into fender benders on the way home from work today. As long as the rental car has an AEW on. And all you guys at Avis should tune in the cars to the AEW. You'll make money and we'll gain listeners. Avis, Hertz, all of them. All of them. That would help us out a lot here. Put your preset. Yeah, you don't drive the cars. No. When you're reparking them or something. Bam. All the presets. Look at us groveling. I think this guy wants to abuse you. Why? Hi, AEW. Hey, AEW. Opie. Yeah. Remember that trucker that followed your career around the country? Yeah. Hey, what's up? What's up, man? You've been to every place I've been fired at? Just about, yeah. All right, very good. Listen, remember the last time I talked to you, I said I had the impression that Anthony was kind of needed to get his testosterone checked. You said no way. Yeah, Anthony. He's a wild one and everything else. Yeah, Anthony's got, Anthony's balls are so big he comes to work and he needs a wheel barrow. That's right. Well, let me tell you something. I thought I was right and I had, just to listen to your show every time I came to New York with my rig. And I said, you know, here's a guy that can't take a crap in a public bathroom without anybody else being in there because he's afraid that they'll hear him. That's Anthony. All right. Well, I don't think I'm alone. Wait a minute, Anthony. I got a list here, okay? I'll leave it in my list. I'm a truck driver, so I'll take it slow here. All right. A naked woman that sings poetry, or recites poetry, kicks your butt. You're afraid to go pick up a dead cat with your hands and you get a woody every time you see a yellow school bus. No, it was when I... You tell me you don't need to get your discharge checked. Come on, buddy. All right. Enough of that stuff. Well, you're a guy that makes a list of everything I do. Well, you know, I had a feeling that you were wrong or maybe you hope he was trying to cover it. Only girls make lists, bro. But you do make a point. Oh, man. Well, let Anthony, wait, wait, wait. Let Anthony try to defend himself. That's all right. First of all, the school bus thing was when I was 14, all right? I understand that. I heard it all the time. The dead cat thing, who is it who wants to handle a dead cat he doesn't know with his bare hands? You've never hunted? Yeah, I've hunted. And when I shoot the thing, I know that it was alive before I shot it. I don't know that it crawled up there and died of rabies. So I'm not going to grab it with my bare hands, Mr. Glister. Oh, real man would just pick the damn thing up and throw it in a hole in the ground. All right, real man. And about the bathroom habits. Yeah? Yeah. I know when I walk into a bathroom, I don't want to hear the horns blowing from the stall. So where are you supposed to do that? You're supposed to go to your private house every time you got to take a crap? You know, I wish I could a lot. I really wish I could. Let me tell you something. I'm a truck driver. I go around the country. Might as well wait until I got home and take a crap. I'd have a real problem, wouldn't I? You sure would. All right, truck drivers don't give a damn when they go to the bathroom. All right, you're a real man. Get out of here. See you. Now, keep keeping that list. Hey, be good, buddy. Keep her between the ditches because we have only scratched the surface into Anthony's psyche. Oh, please. All right, man. I just did that to break his balls. You know that. There you go. Later. Later, man. Get the list on Opie. I don't know what you're talking about. Get the Opie list. I'm sure you'll find out he's a lot more psychotic than I am. All right, fine. I'm going to add another one to the list. What? Anthony has to do the vacuuming at home. I do not anymore. I used to. Yeah, right. I'm in Massachusetts. You have to vacuum. Every guy has a vacuum. How many times have you been yelled at for not doing the vacuuming before coming to work? Don't even try to turn this into something, Mr. Single Guy. You don't understand something about being married. You've got to pick your battles, first of all. The reason I used to vacuum was Jen also had a job. Okay. My wife, Jennifer. Your lovely wife. Yes. She had a job at the time up in Massachusetts. So she felt that if I didn't fulfill some duty around the house, I wasn't doing my part. She works all day. Why should she pick up after me, you damn flop? You know. If you're married, you'll notice the wife will always give you at least one job that you have to do every day. So that when you don't do it, she's got something to yell at you for. Why can't it be like taking out the garbage, something like a little more manly? I don't know. I take the garbage out. Now that's my job now. I don't vacuum. I take the garbage out. I have to make the bed. You have to make the bed? I don't understand that one. Oh my God. I always conveniently forget and walk downstairs. Oh, honey, I forgot. I just hate vacuums. I refuse. Tell the people what I do when a vacuum comes my way. He has to plug his ears because it's... And leave the room. ...makes him get the feeling of scratching a blackboard. Yeah. Well, it brings back memories when I was a child. Put that on the list. And my mom, I'd be sitting on the couch watching the Brady Bunch and here she comes with the vacuum. Whoa. Left your feet. Left your feet. I think every kid has that trauma. I don't know what happened though, but honestly, God, if a vacuum came through that door right now while we were live on the air, I would have to leave the studio. I don't know. It's worse than taking your nails and scratching a blackboard. I'm going to have to bring a vacuum in. Oh, thanks. I didn't like vacuums either though because my mother was a lunatic like that too. Every Sunday, the three of us would be sitting there trying to watch one drama, me and my brother and sister, and she would come out of the bedroom. This place looks like a bomb, hey, Dick. Thank you. Did you give the white glove test? Yeah. We all hate cleaning. That's why we're, and that's why guys don't like to clean. Well, my parents would just send us out. That's right. Okay. Thank you. What? He's giving you a list of things about. Opie is germ phobic. He is. Oh, my. This morning at the bagel place story. Why? That's not fair. Did someone sneeze on you? You should have heard him in the train. We took the train in today and here's Opie. Did you see that? We're leaving the train. Did you see that? Did you? What? The person sneezed on me. Well, who? The person's across the car. It didn't even sneeze on you. No, no, no. Who wants to be sneezed on a crowded subway? No one. I understand. Thank you. But when someone sneezes, there are 10 people down. Did you see? He sneezed on me. Well, he. He sneezed on me. No, the lady blasted a load right onto my shoulder. He did not. And you know how I get it. You are germ phobic. If someone comes in here and goes, oh, man, I'm pretty stuffed up, the first thing Opie will do is pull his shirt over his nose. Get away. Get away. I need one of those Michael Jackson masks. Yeah. You're a lunatic. I'm all crazy. Come on. I should be the DJ in the plastic bubble. That's what we need, the little John Travolta plastic bubble suit. That would be pretty cool because that's the only reason we haven't done a promotion outside the studio yet. I'm scared to make people. Germs. Germs in the street. Maybe we could get one of those plastic, you know, spaceman suits. A spacetube. Because I think we're going to actually do a promotion in the very near future. We'll have details. Hopefully. I believe we're going to be at a Tower Records near you soon. We'll see. And I don't know. Maybe I could get like that suit from that movie, Dustin Hoffman. Outbreak. Outbreak. That's what you need, an outbreak suit. Yeah. I need an outbreak suit. If anyone has one, I will show up in public like that. We're all a little off kilter, so I don't want to hear it. All right. We could start, you know, keeping less because there's more. I've known you for a very long time now. Yeah, I've known you long enough, too. This could get a little ugly. I'm ready for the battle, though. Don't even. There's now we have relatives in this neck of the woods, okay? They'll all hear it. It'll get very ugly. All right. All right. Very good. All right. We do have a guy standing by that wants to play piss off at Texan. He thinks he could do a good job. Yankee's looking great, obviously. Yeah. Cody's going to wrap up the series in Texas. Get out your brooms. Get out your brooms. 1027W&EW, the rug of New York with heart to Sophie and Anthony. Thanks for checking us out today. We definitely appreciate it. Yes. And we just announced a few minutes ago that Darryl Strawberry does indeed have colon cancer. Horrible news coming out of New York here today. Well, hopefully they can take care of it. Well, they say if you catch it early, you get a much better chance at full recovery. What the pipe's all about. Yeah. Sometimes you've got to get the pipe, and they photograph that. There you go. Make sure you're okay. Our thoughts definitely go out to Darryl and his family. No jokes here. See, we do have hearts. Lorna in Jersey, she tunes out from the show every time you say, me and Anthony. Me and Anthony? Yeah. I say that a lot? Yeah. Instead of Anthony and I. Oh. Because, well, let me just say, because she says it bothers her because she had to write Anthony and I if she was writing that, not me and Anthony. Yeah. I never was into that whole English class thing with Anthony and I, or Opie and I. Opie and I. And how do you say, like, if we own something together, like it's our car, right? Well, we were in Opie and I's car. How do you even say that? And who decided that should be the rule? I don't like it. I just think me and Opie. Yeah. Most people that I know pretty much just blow off most of those rules and just say me and Anthony. That's a stupid rule if you're tuning out just for that, Lorna. Yeah. My goodness. Well, that's it. So someone came up with these rules a long time ago and that's why we should follow them? Yeah. It should be what, you know, sounds natural. You hear how they talk in the Bronx? You're worried about me saying me and Anthony? At least I don't talk about Flipmo squads and fronting people. At least I don't- Big up to my out front clique. Yeah. At least I speak some form of English still. Yeah. I don't think that's a bad thing. And like you said, those rules were made up years ago. They thought the earth was the center of the universe back then. Come on. All right. We got a guy who's been holding for a very long time. He wants to play Piss Off a Texan. He thinks he can do a good job in honor of the sweep that is going to take place when Coney takes the mound in Texas. Okay. And let's see what he can do for us. All right. Wayne, you want to play Piss Off a Texan? Yeah, I'm ready. What's your angle? I'm going to tell him I'm a citysick of coming down here with my cone head and broom to sweep his low life Texas Rangers under the carpet where they belong in the land of steers and queers. What color is your pickup? You can pick me up and take me over to Alamos, the future landscapes of America, with your asses. All right. Let's connect you with a random Texan. Okay. Insurance offers. Yeah. Howdy there. I'm a citysick of coming down here with my cone head and broom to sweep your low life Rangers under the carpet where they belong there in the land of steers and queers. What color is your pickup, Chuck, bro? You can pick me up and show me around town after the game. Maybe go over to the Alamos, see what the future landscapes of America look like with your lame asses, too. They made a monument of it showing America where these pygmies kicked your asses. I heard if God were to give the earth an animal, it'd be reaching for the Lone Star State. Just out of curiosity, who are you? I'm coming down here to see them sweep your asses, man. Number one, I'm not a Texan. You're not a Texan? Well, then you should take this s*** personal. I heard that the Lone... Been watching the fight. Under the covers sucking his thumb. It's a very nice picture. You're pretty. I can't believe you're calling to admit that. Hey, I'm not proud. Did you guys both get under the covers? Yes. Yeah, yeah, under the covers. Just for the picture. Yeah, just for the picture. Oh, that's real cute, Anthony. That's great. Oh, yeah, yeah. Gorgeous, adorable. You have little sleepovers with all your male friends? Oh, yeah, yeah. On my way home, I'm going to sleep with my male friends. Oh, yeah, yeah. On my way home from the glory hall. Yeah, that's nice. I stomp off. Yeah, yeah. Actually, he needed to change the pace because he was kind of emceeing a Sweet 16 party downstairs, so he came up for a little something different. Wait, you blew up a Sweet 16 party to go to bed with Randy? What's the matter? There were no school buses out front? I think for the first time, Anthony's speechless. There you go. All right, Randy, thank you. Hey, you know, I was glad to hear you guys getting in trouble because I've been listening to the last few weeks, and you know, you guys went from cutting edge to cutting cheese yesterday. I mean... Oh, my God, listen to this guy. Come on. What's better than hearing a 43-year-old lady fart? That was good. The 12-year-old kid, I was having a hard time. You didn't ask him any questions like, yeah, you got pubic hair yet, you learned how to masturbate, anything like that, you know? All right, Randy, when you get a radio show, you can ask those intriguing questions. Hey, why do I want to know? What are those, the questions you ask every 12-year-old boy? By the way, Anthony, I bought you a present. You got to come pick it up. I'm not coming over your house. Oh, yeah? I'm not even getting near that house. All right, Randy. Okay, hey, Anthony. Bye. This is it. More sound effects. Oh, cool. I'll see you over the weekend. Take it easy, Randy. All right, guys, bye. Yeah, okay. Yeah, right, right. I'm a big fat homo. Right, okay, Opie. Boy, you got me there. Yep. Call Jen. Call my wife. Tell her the past eight years, there's been one big farce, a beard. I'm going to the village right now. Pack my stuff. Jen, your beard? Jen's my beard, yeah. Yeah, that's it. Do these guys ever make a bad song? No. No, they don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. They don't. Do they ever make a bad song, huh? Goo Goo Dolls and Slide on the Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW, their new CD's called Dizzy Up the Girl. It's Opie and Anthony. Say a happy birthday, go it out to Swap King Mark Begwire, 35 years old today. Some birthdays of note. And Walter Mathau, 78 years old, Opie. Oh, great. And with the arrival of his last liver spot, he's now considered African American. Have you seen him lately? What is this, the morning zoo? Have we turned into Scott and Todd all of a sudden? That's not the morning zoo. Yeah, I've seen Walter Mathau lately. It's true. He's covered with liver spot. He's got more liver spot than regular skin color. We're all going to get there, hopefully. Oh, please. All right. Hi, Andy W. Hi. Hi, what's up? I just wanted to tell you that I saw the show this morning, the Today Show. And the first people I thought about were you two guys. Because I thought you started a new contest that I didn't know about. And I never watched Channel 4 before in the morning until you guys started the contest. See, we're helping them over there. Yes, you are. But yeah, that was pretty funny this morning. Oh, that was a circle. But I did think of you guys. I was like, oh my God, they got a new contest going. No, that wasn't ours. But we are looking for those guys. We'd love to talk to them, without a doubt. We still have the thousand bucks on the table for the first girl to show her boobs live on the Today Show. You know what? I thought somebody was going to pull you into it, like pick up a baby's shirt or something. That's what I would have done. No, no. That ain't going to work. No, it's got to be mature breasts. All right. You know? The funny thing is, when Katie and Matt are in the studio, the glass behind them, there used to be like a window there where the people could see in. They have completely covered that up. That's how scared they are. Wow. I'll tell you, just like a lot of other people, the first week I hated you, but I got used to it and I enjoy the show now. All right. Trust me, I still hate myself. Hang in there. Bye. Bye. That was pretty cool, huh? Yeah. Hey, we do have the audio from the Today Show from this morning, if you weren't watching. You've got to set up real fast because we have a feeling we know who these guys are and we're going to attempt to get them on the show tomorrow. Al Roker was going out there, you know, talking to the crowd before he does his weather break and some guy was holding a sign that said, marry me and they were suckered in. So, Al went over with the mic and started talking about, you know, he's proposing, he wants to propose to his girlfriend and they got the girlfriend on the phone so he could propose to her live on the Today Show. Well, the guy proposes, the girl says yes. This guy starts jumping around like a maniac and reaches back in the crowd and pulls another guy next to him who also starts jumping up and down. And Al's looking like it's getting a little weird and then the guy in the crowd that the other guy pulled over pulls this big rubber penis out of his shorts and it's flopping around as he's jumping. The cameras didn't get off it fast enough. You saw this big, huge dildo just swaying in the wind up and down, up and down, up and down. Al Roker just walked away in disgust. Yeah, so we discussed. We do have the audio here. So, just picture in your mind after the girl says yes, I'll marry you and they start screaming and yelling. At that point they're jumping up and down and that's when you could see the giant penis swaying in the wind up and down. And you could hear it in Al's voice that he's just flustered. He doesn't know what to do. Check this out. Oh yeah, this is great. And this part would be when... Oh, what the hell. I love you Karen. I love you Karen. Let's take a look. Show you what's going on right now. Oh my. No more coffee for Alan. Thank you. Look at her. I want to know what the disease was that the guy said he was in town to help fight. It's something with the penis. Right, it said phallus something. Al should have known right there. He should have known right there. Dr. Al should have picked up on that. They were mortified. The penis is just going up and down in the wind. Al Roker. Hum, hum, hum, hum. All we can say is we have a pretty good idea who did that. Yeah. And I do believe if we work this out right we're going to have those guys on the show tomorrow. I want to talk to them. Yeah, so make sure you're listening tomorrow. Alright, it's Opie and Anthony. Thanks for listening today. We definitely appreciate it. We had some fun today. Got in a little trouble. Yeah, we found out that we actually have listeners. It's kind of cool. That's one way to find out how many listeners we have. It's almost like a little rating system. Bad mouth a place and time to see how long it takes the owner to call us. Yeah, and she called real fast because we jokingly told the listeners to go into a certain place and tell them that their burgers are horrible. I guess enough people did it that the owner got so ticked off she called us. We didn't like the place. No, whatever. We've rehashed it enough. But Matt Devotee is up next. Tomorrow on the show, the guys who did the prank on the Today Show this morning. We pulled out a rubber schween right in front of Al Roker. He was horrified. Everybody was horrified. Everyone is trying to figure out who these guys are. We think we know. And if it works out, we're going to have them on the show tomorrow. Our new heroes. Our new heroes. Yes. And then after the show, we're going to drink.