 One John and a sink and that's it. And no ventilation fan whatsoever. So you know what it's used for? It's used for taking what they call a leak. A quick leak, wash your hands and you run back in the studio to do your show and you're out. Somebody used it for the other purpose. I opened up the door to relieve myself and nearly fell down. Fainted. Yeah. Unbelievable. We want to know who crunched in the bathroom. Because then you open up the door and it's like Pandora's box. Because then it goes into the lobby area, actually into the imaginary ballroom. Yes. Yeah, Willie Nelson's not going to be happy with us. He's going to have to smell this waft. It's like the imaginary bathroom now. Yes. Because it stinks in there. And then when you come into the on air studio and the wind follows you and now it smells in here. Yes. Who did that? I know it has to be an outsider because everyone that works at any W we all know if we got a crunch we go up to the 10th floor to the winds bathrooms. Right. You go up there. It's got to be someone setting up for Willie Nelson. I would bet money on this. You brave enough to come in here. Whoever that is. We'll see if they're brave enough. Come on in and on air confession from whoever let loose that toxin and go outside and grab them. I'm serious. If you're that pissed off, go get them. By the way, we are going to have Willie Nelson in the imaginary ballroom and we're willing to ask him anything and we need you guys to help us out today. If you got a question you want us to ask Willie Nelson for you. the facts line. 212-957-WNEW. What are you finding out out there? The guilty party is sitting out there. One of the roadies that is setting up for Willie Nelson, right? Yeah. He's all laughing and smiling and everything but he's not coming in to fess up. Sure. Great. Oh, why? You're shy? You sure weren't in the bathroom. Wow. By the smell of it, it looks like you're one of those moaners. I was sitting next to a moaner today in the bathroom. I don't want that. What is up with moaning when you're crunching? I don't get that. In a public bathroom. There's nothing pleasurable about it. Why are you? Oh, stop. I'm like, what the hell is going on? This wasn't like a subway bathroom where you don't know what the heck is going on next to you. Dad, combined with the smell, I can't take this. The roadie isn't coming in to confess for his crunch? No. Alright, well when we go to the imaginary ballroom, we'll confront him. Alright? Alright. But the important thing is get your Willie Nelson questions in. We'll ask him anything for you guys. You can use the instant feedback to get your Willie Nelson questions across as well, okay? Yeah, okay. Is it that bad? I've got to cover up. It's in here now. It's permeated the studio. Great. We've got some Pink Floyd on the way and the latest from that band, EVE6. Stay there. What are you smiling about? I'm not smiling about anything. It stinks in here. Ben, do you smell it out there? It smells awful. It does, right? What's the deal with that bathroom? Explain it to the listeners. It's the jock bathroom. Right, but no jock takes a crunch there. No. I've never even used it. We go for the quick leak, we wash our hands and we run back on the air. But someone crunched and we know it's the roadie that's setting up for Willie Nelson and he won't come in here and confess that he has smelled up this whole damn place. Now, you just came in and I'm smelling it again. That door has to stay shut. We need an airlock like on a submarine or something. And Willie's going to come here in a few minutes and he's going to think it's stink weed. Yeah, where can I get some of that? You're going to go, God damn, where's that coming from? No, Willie, you don't want to go in there, unfortunately. Why would the guy come in here and confess? I don't know. It gets worse as you come up the ramp. It's horrible. You smell it out in the outside lobby in here. Eddie! Are you smelling the crunch out there too, Eddie? I just hit the bathroom upstairs. That's right, you might crunch it. Of course. Everybody that works here crunches in that bathroom. That's like a tour bus bathroom, you know? Yeah, you have some courtesy. Exactly, that's leaks only, little hand washing. Bring a piece of fruit, you wash the apple in there, that's it. Of all the crap I've smelt before. There's a lot of people walking up and down the hall in here, so it could be any of a number of people. No, we know exactly who it is. Yeah, it's the guy sitting right out there setting up for Willie Nelson, the damn roadie, with the S eating grit on his face. After Willie comes in here, the place might be singing us something else, if you know what I mean. I hope so, just to clear the air a little bit. Exactly. By the way, you look great on MTV, Eddie. They finally let you talk at the end of the hour, huh? I like my big fat head on that. Boy, Jesse, what a talent he is. Oh yeah, he's the best. They must be paying him top dollar. I got a face for radio, don't I? Absolutely not. He plays a perfect moron, he really gets into his role. Whatever. I don't get it. The Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW. Willie Nelson in the imaginary ballroom. On the way, stay there. 1027 WNEW, The Rock of New York. That's the band EVE6 saying inside out. It's Sophie and Anthony. The questions are coming in for Willie Nelson, and you guys are doing very, very well with this little homework assignment we just gave you. Good questions. Yeah, Heather wants us to ask Willie, what's the deal with smoking weed at the White House? I heard about that. Yes. Maybe he'll elaborate. Of course he will. Please ask Willie Nelson, did he sleep with Diane Cannon or Amy Irving while filming Honey Suckle Rose? Diane Cannon was a piece of ass back then. She still is a piece of ass. She is, right? All right, I hope you're into older women. I'd troll her one. I tell you. Remind me though to talk about older women. All right. I saw something today on TV. We can do that. Do you want to talk about it now, Anthony? No, that's okay. Sure. Okay, another question for Willie. What's the best pot he ever smoked? I think this is going to be a pot theme to all the questions. What is that? That's okay though. The fact line is 212-957-W-N-E-W if you want to get your questions for Willie Nelson in to us, and we'll ask them for you. Well, Ron in Queens brought up a very memorable day, a day we should remember. Today is Linda Lavin's birthday. Oh, no. Let's recognize this occasion by playing the theme from Alice. I realized after the last time you played it that it transcends categorization of good bad and is so over the top it must be considered art. Kind of like a John Waters film. Very nice. Maybe more true art on your station will increase the ratings. Well, yeah, Linda Lavin's 61. 61? You might remember her from me. That show seemed like it was on like yesterday. 70s series, Alice. Right. Kiss My Grits. Yes. And Mel, you know. Well, you liked the show. Oh, no. No. Opie. Opie. I hated the show. Oh, you hated the show. Hated the show. Never liked the show. It was a stupid show. It was a catchphrase show where you say, kiss my grits, and everybody in the audience, woo! And she used to say something else. Yeah, kiss my grits, Mel. Right, right. But Alice, Linda Lavin, sang the theme song. And you didn't like the theme song to Alice? Well, she is one of these schlock hack lounge singers. Okay. And since Alice has gone to Vegas and she tries to get this singing career thing going, and she's awful. You ever hear the theme song? Well, I think we're all waiting for an example, Anthony. There's a new girl in town and she's looking good. There's a fresh new face in the neighborhood. There's a new girl in town and she's looking good. Bum bum bum bum bum bum. Looking good. But it's horrible. Why would you? You're in the series. You don't have to sing the theme song, especially if you can't sing. Would you like to sing along to the actual song, Anthony? Would that make you feel good on Linda Lavin's 61st birthday today? We could honor her. I'm playing my pants blue. Lavin' town. Here she goes. My favorite part. Bring it down, Linda. Bring it down. Bum bum bum bum bum. Bum bum bum bum bum. Here she goes. There's a new girl in town and she's looking good. Is that the worst TV theme song you've ever heard? I have a feeling this keeps you up at night, Anthony. I hate it. When I think Nickelodeon was playing it a while back, and it was on really late at night and I usually fall asleep with Nickelodeon on, damn, 3 in the morning. I'm awake. It's like the alarm went off. Early to bed, early to bed, that new girl in Plywood, ain't she looking black? Just like over dramatizing. Happy birthday Linda Laban, 61. Wow, you're pretty obsessed with this. I hate it. All right, very good. Sorry. Thank you Anthony. Yes, happy birthday Linda. Okay, on the way we've got the latest from the Goo Goo Dolls and we've got some Bruce Springsteen by reclass. We could do that because this is the Rock of New York. That's what we do here. There's that new girl in Plywood and she's looking black. Ant shut up. We've got to get back into music. Ant, Ant, Ant, we're back on the radio. There's that new girl in Plywood and she's looking black. Looking black. What I've got to deal with here. The Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. The latest from the Goo Goo Dolls. That slide off is the girl. It's Opie and Anthony. Thanks. Any questions for Willie Nelson? Continue to pour into the Opie and Anthony show. He should be here momentarily. He's going to play in the Imaginary Ballroom. It's going to be very, very cool. We're very excited. Yeah. He's 40 years old and thus what are we going to talk to him about? That's 40 years old pretty much. He's young at heart though. He is young at heart. I know but I'm just saying. There's a couple of generations between us and him I think. Can you talk to your grandpa? No, he's dead. I guess you don't then. Thanks for bringing that up. Never got to know him. Thank you Anthony. Then you weren't even close to him. Lighten up. Oh that's great. Yeah. At least he didn't have to see your grandma go senile. You did? Oh my God. My father's mother? Hello. Hey Jimmy. No, Nana. It's Anthony. Hey Billy. Where's my car? You mean the 57 Chevy that was brand new? I don't think it's a… So I guess she never made it to Willard Scott's birth announcement? No, but she looked just like everybody else on Willard Scott's birth announcement. Oh my God. Really? Yeah, on the jelly jar. Hey, it's the Smucker's 100 year birthday. Oh my God. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Hey, it's the Smucker's 100 year birthday. Let's look at Victoria Johnson who's 101 years young. I was watching that this morning. It's really pathetic. Isn't it? It's like she's 100 years young and she still keeps a good house. If that's what I'm known for in 100, just take the shotgun of my brain stab. She enjoys watching the Lawrence Welk Show. Right. Oh, of course they do. It's like Quaaludes for old people. She still goes out to her garden every morning. Wow. That's great. I can't wait to live to 100. Oh, you're kidding. She's a great Italian cook. I wanted to talk about it. We're talking about older women now. See how we got on this track? Yeah. Regis and Cathy Lee, I'm watching. Tony Pegg, of course, here at MEW does the announcing. Hey, today on Regis and Cathy Lee, still a perfect 10, Bo Derek. And she's in a new movie or something? New TV series. That's going to last about a month. And they show her on a horse, like riding through the water. That's what she did in 10. Yeah. Where her nice boobs were like in 10, they were like perfect. Oh, no. Just bouncing nicely. I thought she was riding Western and had the saddlebags on the side of the saddle. But it turned out those are the boobs. Hey, there he is. Hey, Tony. Hey, Tony, did you get to see Bo Derek this morning? I didn't see her in person, but didn't she look great? I don't know. I thought she kind of... I don't know. I think she still looks good. Have you had your glasses checked lately? I don't make those things up. You know, I have to read what they do. Right, okay. Still a perfect 10, but she looked fabulous. Did she? She really looked great. In person, yeah. No, I didn't see her in person. She looked like you saw her. I thought she looked great. Yeah, but I think they were using the heart lenses this morning. Oh, the lenses for the heart videos? Yeah, I think they were moving everything out. Right, exactly. I understand she still looks good, but they're trying to present her like she's still the perfect 10, like back in that day. And you know, she should... I don't know if she should be almost naked on a horse at this age. What is she now? How old is she? She's got to be... She was married to John Derek, who's 30 years older than she is, and he's dead now. He's dead, see? She's in circulation again. I love hearing you on that, Reeves and Kathy Lee thing. I love having you guys mention me, too. Cool. I love Tony. What should we ask Willie Nelson, Tony? Um... Jordan Hikoff, I'll tell you. Yeah, he's supposed to be like pretty sexually active. I heard once that he was having sex with a girl. And just chop it off. You weren't supposed to tell anyone we had that bed going on. And run, but yeah. Actually, I have to give you the $10 back though, because I didn't smash his guitar. A 35-year-old guitar? No. Yeah, that would have been... And explain how clumsy I am. And Willie Hanzbeck is... Willie Hanzbeck's guitar should be in a museum. It should be. It should be in a museum. It's 35 years old. He's had it for that long. It's got people's signatures in it. Johnny Cash, I saw Roger Miller, all these, I mean, old-time legends. It's a museum on a guitar. There's a huge hole in it where the pick goes. And Ope goes, oh, that's the guitar. And Willie's like, yeah, here, take a look. As soon as he handed it to me, the whole room went... This is... He's handing it to Ope, the guy that breaks everything. He had to stay at my mother-in-law's house for like, oh, it was going to be what, two or three weeks until you found a place? Eight months. Eight months later, he stayed there. I moved out. She finally threw him out, because he was breaking like priceless heirlooms. He's turned the phone ring. I got it. Oh, no, that's OK. It's just a Ming Vase. Those are easily replaceable. And you know, 10, 13,000 years, no one's even going to know it's gone. And Willie's just handing over this guitar to Ope. Priceless guitar, but there you go. Thank you, Willie. There you go. I just hope you enjoyed Willie Nelson, because I thought it was very cool. Now, a little sniff? Yeah. Smell like Willie. Man, that is sniffing. I got to go to my mom's house tonight, because I got to tell her she could smell Willie. What? I thought we were all just having fun here. What? What's the problem? Hey, go down on the street. You want to smell Willie? Hey, lady, come here. You smell Willie, lady. Let's go down the street. We'll charge people a dollar to smell Willie. Smell Willie. Because he's on our hands. Smell Willie. All right, well, we've worked that joke enough. All right. We'll move on. Okay, great. We got the talking heads on the way and some sound garden by request. We'll take care of that next. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York with Green Day. It's Ope and Anthony. What was wrong? I'm in a good mood today. What? Well, I try to write back to people sometimes that instantly email us. Yes. I tried writing back to Stacey because she doesn't like us very much, Ope. Well, the ratings came out yesterday and it looks like a lot of people don't like us. Hello. She goes, I decided to give these idiots another chance this afternoon and it was a huge mistake which leads me to believe she has listened once before. Yes, she has. And turned away never again to return. Well, what ticked her off today? We really haven't gotten into anything deep yet. They are a huge insult to your intelligent audience. They are seriously two of the biggest losers I've ever listened to. And I don't mean losers in the high school sense of the word. I mean it in the sense that their ideas of humor are pathetic. Their thoughts are moronic. I know all of my friends feel the same way. Those of us who have been N.E.W. fans for years and years, oh, that's it. Say hi to Rosie for us. Immediately switch. Say hi to Rosie for us. Immediately switch. Say hi to Rosie for us. If you have any respect for your station or listeners, please return the programming that is appreciated. Blah, blah, blah. Should you decide to mock this, it will only confirm that their routine is a defenseless mechanism against how creatively inept they must be to resort to sophomoric mockery as their source of humor. Pulled out the old thesaurus today, didn't you, Stacey? Stacey, let me just say something to Stacey. Go ahead, Anthony. Stacey seems to have forgotten a bygone era. A time when she might have had a little fun in life. You know, it seems to me that here she works at Time Incorporated, I guess. Okay. That's her email address. It doesn't work. I wasn't even going to say this on the air. I tried to write her back, but she's too stupid to give me her right email address. Remember the old days, Stacey? Maybe you went out with your friends a little bit, and you had fun. Maybe you laughed at some stupid stuff. You know? Got a little silly. Got a little silly, hung out. Yeah. And then maybe responsibility came in the door. Maybe you had a bad relationship. I don't know. This might not even be true. Maybe you had a bad job. Maybe you're not happy in life. And all of a sudden you become bitter. And people that are having maybe some mindless fun, like we do on this show, this show is not particularly... It's not an important show for the world. It's not a serious show. It's not serious. We're not telling you the news so you can make life decisions. Yeah, we have one goal on this show before we move on. And that is to try to make people laugh and forget about the day they just had. That's it. Some of these people listening to us right now, they're stuck in traffic for the next two and a half hours. And you know some, we might make them forget about the traffic. Right. That's all we're going for here. That's it. And sometimes, you know what? Sometimes a good fart joke or something really silly and stupid is what is going to make the people forget about the traffic, forget about the fact that the Boston gave them their raise this year. Forget about the problems waiting for them at home. That's all it is. That's it. You know, we have no agenda here. I've been on jobs in my time where I've seen doctors and architects and whatever, laborers, all laughing at the same stupid thing. But just because you get a little older, Stacey, doesn't mean you have to abandon fun. And silliness. And silliness every so often. Sure. This show isn't on 24 hours a day so you don't have to be a moron 24 hours a day. There you go. But for four short hours, it's kind of fun to just laugh at things. Yes. Have a goof. Laugh at us. We don't care. But Stacey, I think, forgot about that. As time went on, she got older and a little more bitter. Well, it was drained into her head probably that you reach a certain age and you can't be silly anymore. You can't have fun. You can't laugh. Yeah. The world is too serious when you finally hit that certain age, whatever that age is. So she could go home and watch 60 minutes or whatever and go, at the poor story or something and just be serious all the time. I hate to see what makes her laugh. Rosie O'Donnell. Yeah, probably Rosie. We're not going to win over the Rosie O'Donnell crowd. I don't care because at the end of the letter, I actually wrote her but it sent it back because I can't get to it. I said, please then don't listen to us. If you don't like us because of this and from your letter, I see that you will never like us. So move on. That's right. If you don't like a TV show, do you keep going back to it? No, forget it. There you go. Bye, Stacey. We know there's enough people out there that actually like us. I mean, the ratings aren't saying that yet, but we know you're out there. Right? Exactly. I got to change the subject real fast here because we got a moron on the phone line. Something Stacey might like? Well, he's going to hang up if we don't go to him now. Okay. There's a guy. He's applying for a job that he saw on a paper. Why did he call here? Obviously, he got the wrong number. He's applying for a job as a landscaper and he got us instead. All right, put him through. Hello? Hello. How are you doing? Okay. You're calling about the job. What's your experience in this field? I worked for a landscaper for like three years. Before that, I mowed the lawn at my house and stuff. I did the edging. The last job I was on, I did the edger. I did the bushes with the clippers. You know how to work that big blower thing? I never got to use that thing, the blower. No. But you know how to trim bush? I know how to trim the bushes and I know how to work the edger thing. What's the biggest bush you've ever trimmed? Pretty big. Was it like a 70s earth mama moth? Like a what? 70s earth mama moth. It's a little lingo in the business. Like a hedge. I don't know what they were called. Was it like a bush that was shaped in the shape of a Hitler mustache? Like a Hitler mustache? No. Like a hedge, you know. No, like big though. Like round. It was like a nice landing strip? Like whenever anything custom had to do, my boss did it many. Can you handle the big cans? What, carrying stuff? Yeah, we fill them up and put them in the truck. You know what I mean, like handling the big cans. Yeah, I can carry that stuff. I can carry anything. So you're good with the cans? Yeah. Then you're good at blowing? I told you, I never did the blower machine. But you're willing to learn how to blow? Yeah. Oh, that's very nice. Alright, good. I'll probably use that. Where do I go down? Like do I have to fill out an application or anything? Or mail something in? It says something here about an address. Yeah, you got the address there? Yeah. Okay, good, good. And what's your name? Can I get your name? Yeah, John Huber. Alright, John. Yeah, my name's John Huber. Yeah, if you could possibly maybe, I don't know, put some of the bush clippings in an envelope and send it in, that would help us out to see what type of bush you've been trimming. In an envelope? Should I bring it down there or just put it in an envelope? Yeah, just mail it to the address actually with some of your, you know. What, different ones or just one type? Your qualifications. Actually, what I would do is make it like a collage, you know, with all the bush you've trimmed over the years if you still have that laying around. Right. And I don't have it laying around. I don't take the crap home. Well, you know, we have higher-ups too and they just want to see some kind of foli. So if I get cardboard. Yeah, get some cardboard. And glue like the different things on it and just put it in one of them big envelopes, I can mail it in and you can check it out. Yeah, and just like label, you know, which is which. All the different bushes that I've done? Yeah. Alright. Alright. Alright, and mail it in there. Should I put my name in any of those? Yeah, like, yeah, put your name and a phone number we can reach you. So we'll take a look at your work and then we'll call you back. It could be a pretty big piece of cardboard though. We're looking at, you know, three feet by about three feet. Alright. I don't know if that's going to run to mail, but. Alright, John. Three foot. Yeah, three foot by three foot. Like a big, like one of the things from school, like construction paper, like the OPEX. Yeah. Can I fold it? No, that affects the foliage. Alright. Actually. Yeah. Just find a big envelope. Alright. If you want, you can bring it down personally. Just go to the address on the ad there. Okay. Alright. Alright. Is this John? Yeah, just look for me. Alright, John. Alright, man. Alright, thanks a lot. Alright. Alright. Bye. Come on. I could hold it in. Come on. That can't be real. No way. There's no way that could be real. That was a put on. No one could be that stupid. If that was real, we'd just talk to the stupidest man alive. Come on. Come on. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. We got guys yelling in the background here. Hold on the phone, dude. We'll talk to you some more in just a second here. Alright. There he is. It's Opie and Anthony and we still could smell Willie Nelson. Willie on your hand. Willie is the man. You got Willie on your hand? Ah, screw it. We'll put him on the air. Yo, dude. Yo. Alright, we got you on the air. Don't curse. Alright. Did you like the Willie Nelson interview? I loved it. You were telling us off mic that you were blowing a bone with Willie? Yeah. Yeah, back at the Blue Note in the back of the tour bus. Right on. Wow, that's a cool memory to have. Willie is the man. Did he have? Go ahead. True American Boy, I'll tell you, stands for what we all should be voting for. Alright, man. Weed. Next time you get on the air with us, you guys turn down your radio because we're in like an eight second delay. Okay. Alright, man. You got it. Thanks for listening. You guys are great, man. WNEW Rock. Right on. Here's Cheap Trick. We're going to do the Rock of New York with Devo. Bare Naked Ladies before that and one week off their Stun CD. It's Opie and Anthony. Hello. Having lots and lots of fun here today. This is pretty cool facts. I sent you guys a fact a few weeks ago detailing my efforts to convert my girlfriend Amanda into a dedicated listener. I have finally achieved success and turned her to the dark side, thereby increasing listenership by 50%. Great. Just kidding. I cannot believe that you guys are in last place. The strategy I used to convert her was twofold. Now listen closely out there guys because we need your help. First, I continued to sing your songs to her except for the Lewinsky song which backfired. Second I set preset one on her radio to WNEW and just asked her to press it on the car ride home. The strategy coupled with perseverance worked. One of the songs that helped in the conversion process was the Dada Dave song. Cool. That's a favorite. Keep the pork coming. It looks like it's Alan. Yes it is Alan. Thank you Alan. This is your radio pork. Right. I just want to say something about Jennifer Love Hewitt, my girlfriend, my future wife. Yes. Sorry Jen. No, that's alright. They're not using her right. What do you mean? She's going to play Audrey Hepburn in a movie. No, they should have that Ali McFeild chick play Audrey Hepburn. They're going to have to use ace bandages to strap her boobs to her body so she'll look flat chested. Oh, the humanity. That is like cutting off Beethoven's hands so he'll fit with the piano better. You're missing the whole point of casting her in anything. So she has a nice set, huh? Jennifer Love Hewitt? Jennifer is in the studio. You guys are going to Aerosmith tonight. A lot of people are convinced that Jen just kind of hangs and watches over you every day because she gets on the radio a lot with us. There you go. Does she really lose it Jen in front of the TV when she's on? Oh my God, yes. What do I call her? Love. I just call her Love. Well that's what we have a relationship with. That's right, see? And who do I hate? Oh, Carson Daly. See, she knows all this because he's going out with my love. You should see if the two of them are on the TV together. You'll start screaming at each other. I'm disgusted. Really? I'm utterly disgusted. And if he just sees Carson on MTV, he yells at him. It's a skeleton. Well Ann, you don't have to worry. Your career will go further than Carson's eventually.