 One oh two seven W.A.W. the Rock of New York with the Spin Doctors sending that out to Jill heading into the city to celebrate her birthday tonight. Yeah. That stockbroker is Dave's wife right? Yeah. Happy birthday Jill. It's Opie. It's Anthony. She's celebrating with him right? I do believe so yes. Not with Jerry. She is a married woman. Yeah. Seems to be what attracts Jerry these days. What is up with Jerry Seinfeld? I don't know we'll have to talk about him a little later. He's going after all our girls. Give some for us will you Jerry? I need women. Kramer. Women bring them here. We've got lots to do today. Actually I want to know where we're meeting tonight. Meeting? Are we going to be in Times Square when the Yankees win it all tonight? Yeah I think that's the party central Times Square. Alright. Spill out onto the streets all drunk. Hey Yankees number one. Is it painfully obvious that we're winning the World Series today? At the brooms do the Padres honestly have a chance? And I know someone out there is freaking out. Don't jinx the team. Stop. I better call the fan. Oh my God they're jinxing the team. As you've heard yes I'm a fan. No one. No team ever coming back from a three game death shot. I learned everything about the World Series today listening to those guys more than I ever ever wanted to know. They really need to start talking about hockey and football because they're running out of facts about World Series games. Thank God the Yankees will sweep this thing. Just end it. That way we won't have to go to extended radio shows. But there's so many negative people out there. You know we're about to win another World Series and people are like yeah but Bernie Williams probably won't be a Yankee next year. Can we talk about that for an hour? Let's enjoy the moment and then we won't worry about who's going to be here next year. Here's the call I wanted to hear. Yeah go ahead. Here's the call I wanted to hear. Wait a minute. Alright. Is this the fan? Yeah. Hey guys how you doing? Love the show. I was watching the game last night. I saw Tony Glenn take his helmet off, his batting helmet. Why does his head look like Fred Flintstone's bowling ball? It's all bumpy and everything. At one point he took that helmet off and his head looked like it had been an artillery practice field or something. So there's bumps on his head. I dare someone to call a fan with that question. That would be a good question because I was wondering that. I would laugh my ass off if I heard that. That helmet off was like whoa. Yeah that was a pretty interesting observation yesterday. Well you had to get your observations where you could. Everything else was pretty obvious. I just loved it. Watch the game and watch all those Padres fans in the stands waving their towels. Wave your towels. Yeah that's real cute. And they think they're going to win. They get ahead and they're all yeah. And then all of a sudden it's like oh that one is out of here. And everybody's ahh. Tighten their faces right up huh? Yeah they need the towels to wipe the tears from their eyes at this point. And then you see them in the stands. They're all like in shock. They're just looking around like. But we were just winning the game. Hey wait a minute. It was just we were ahead. And we were supposed to win. What happened? So that one woman, the older woman with the big ball with the rag hanging out of it. And she presses it against her head. But I thought it was working. We were ahead. Oh my God. The Padres fans are all pretty synthetic aren't they? Just accept the fact that you're going to just get swept and bludgeoned and beaten by what is probably the best team baseball's ever seen. That's it. You know don't feel bad about it. I mean people have been beat by a lot worse teams. And Joe DiMaggio hanging there. Don't die on us before they win the World Series. Joe they've had to install a sump pump in his lungs at this point. Well he had pneumonia. Yeah and they're getting the fluid out of his lungs. That's very scary for a guy in his 80s. Yeah I mean that age. So Joey hang in there please. We need you. Yeah you don't want him dying during the game. No of course not. Afterwards it'll be like a big thing if he does you know pass on. Be like well Joe DiMaggio had to hang in there and see the Yankees win another World Series. Those old sports casters. There you go. Well you know what I'm happy about watching the World Series on TV? That we don't have to listen to Bob Costas. Yeah that's a good feature. I'm actually enjoying the broadcast. He is so freaking over the top. Isn't he? Yeah he gets profound is what happens. Way too profound. He puts too much insight into plays that are pretty self explanatory. You just watch them. I like watching the game. Alright very good. How was my grammar this first break? Pretty good. I wasn't paying attention but we could check. Okay. We'll review the tapes. Alright. And we'll see if you've made any grammatical errors. A lot of people lately have told me that I have a grammar problem so I'm trying to concentrate on my words. I think the word was horrendous. Horrendous was the woman you just used. Thank you. I appreciate it. It really helps my self esteem. Thanks. No really. It's great. Fax line here. 212-957-WNEW. Phone line. We don't need to give that out. The phones are ringing like crazy. And we've got the instant feedback for you. Yes we do. WNEW.com. Click on our pictures and instantly emails here in the studio. I should have said we've got the instant feedback for you. Not for you. For you. Don't even get hung up on it. Okay. On the way the ladies from R.E.M. and the Rolling Stones next. It's Opie and Anthony. I know I'm not the only one here. I'm the only one here. I'm the only one here. Okay. On the way the ladies from R.E.M. and the Rolling Stones next. It's Opie and Anthony. I know a lot of faithful listeners are still listening right now so I've got a special little treat for you guys. Okay? If they stuck it out through the commercials. They definitely stuck it out and now I'm going to give you a little treat. When you hear U2 is even better than the real thing, be the tenth caller at 212-757-1027. You're going to win tickets to see R.E.M. tonight. How cool is that, huh? It's Opie and Anthony. 212-757-1027 if you've got something for the show. Hi, N.E.W. Are you guys sick of listening to sports at all? I mean, just, just, just not that. Now listen, did you watch a jet game? Yeah. They come out with that ridiculous goddamn statistic that, let me see, no team that has lost to the Jets during the regular season has ever won the Super Bowl. Wow. Do I really need to, do I really need to hear that? How about last night's game? There was a moth on the pitcher's cap. I was waiting, this just in, this just in, no team with a moth on their cap has ever won a World Series. You're absolutely right, man. I can't stand it. I can't take it anymore. Yeah, it's ridiculous. This is the year of the useless. I want it, you know, I'm cursing the computer because that's what, they just, they just f*** it all. Let's see what needless stuff we can say. You know, you have to go back to 1945 to find a pitcher in a winning team of the World Series that actually tied his shoes in a double knot. I said I can't just stop it. This could shake up baseball as we know it. Do they think that people are sitting in the homes going, wow, that's interesting. How about this, I'm watching the World Series and they're showing everyone's hot zone with the... Yeah, the hot zone. Yeah, I'd like to see them put it on his crotch, you know. Wouldn't that be, wouldn't that be just a terrific f*** up if they have a hot zone right on the guy's f***ing crotch. What's with all those sound effects they got to do when they put stats on the screen on Fox? Like all of a sudden it's like, alright, let's bring up his stats. Shoo! You're right. That s*** is going shoo! Like sounds are coming out of it because they're trying to be so futuristic. Oh yeah. Flash lights. There's one good new thing. There's one good new thing. On ESPN they actually have the first down line drawn across the field. So you can actually see when the teams get the first down. That's pretty handy. Really, we need that? It makes it a little, alright, never mind. Alright guys, I'll see you later. Alright brother. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. You too, even better than the real thing. That was the song you had to be listening for to win the REM tickets for tonight. We have a little treat for you guys that listen to us all the time because we announced it after commercials for the gang, Anthony. Yes. And I think for the rest of the show we're moving on. We're going to be giving away some Lenny Kravitz tickets. Who's the winner on the REM tickets? Let's see here. Brian Scanlan of New Jersey. Congratulations Brian. Enjoy REM tonight. It's going to be a rocking show. Rock. Well, got an email here from Ken. Ken, you're right actually. You guys are funny as balls. I listen every day and my coworkers think I'm a freak because I sit in my office laughing out loud all by myself. In addition to Opie's grammar problem, because we're working on that today. What about me? No, this is all about me today. They're going to pound me. The one thing we're going to work on today is people don't like when I say me and Anthony. Right, that's a big sticking point with people. So today I'm going to try to say Anthony and I. I'm going to try. We'll see if I succeed. But anyway, Ken writes, in addition to Opie's grammar problem, he uses the word actually far too often. I think I've opened up a can of worms with this grammar problem. Oh, brother. He sounds like a effing Valley girl for Christ's sake. While you are working on your grammar, please work on that too. It's effing annoying. Otherwise, keep up the good work. F the ratings. There are a lot of people pulling for you guys. Rock on, Ken. So now I got to worry about saying actually too much today and I can't say me and Anthony. It's like when you learn golf. There's a whole bunch of things you have to know, but you can't do them all at once. Correct. Yeah. Correct. So I'm going to write my little things down here that I'm going to work on today. Every day we're going to try to accomplish one or two of these things. It all started yesterday because I used the word teach. Oh, man. Teach. That was the worst. My mom called and she was embarrassed for me. Yeah. I never liked what I was being teached in school. I know. Obviously it's taught. All right. Anything on the instant feedback? No, actually. I haven't even popped it up here. Come on, guys. You're working. You might have something about the show. It doesn't necessarily have to be anything we're talking about today. It could be something that we discussed a couple of weeks ago that finally touched a nerve in you. Yeah. Just give us your comments. We really enjoy the feedback you guys give us. We're trying to build, believe it or not, the People's Radio show here. Where you can chime in with your thoughts. And hopefully we won't yell at you back. The problem is we're trying to build this People's Radio show, but we're turning a lot of people off. We get annoyed when you tell us what's on your mind. No, I'm kidding, of course. We love your input. No, I believe we could take it pretty well here. Yes. So, okay. On the way we got some Aerosmiths and Foreigner. Okay. So Anthony and I want to rock on now. Kramer, how did this married woman get in my bed? O.B. and Anthony. 1027. N.E.W. 1027. W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York with Patti Smith. Because the night for the Easter CD. Sophie, it's Anthony. What? Remember the time that I discussed Patti Smith's hygiene and we got in trouble for that? Her armpits. Yes. You think we've been here long enough where people can deal with that? Well, that was early in our career. In our N.E.W. career? Stint. Here at N.E.W., yes. Well, obviously if you have the Easter CD, Patti Smith's on the front cover. Mm-hmm. And she has hairy armpits. And I commented that I personally don't like my women with hairy armpits. And how women came out of the woodwork. How dare you tell what you like in a woman? Judging women by their hair under their armpits. Who are you to say what a woman should wear and how? Yeah, it was kind of ugly. I mean, everyone out there can make believe that they actually fall in love with someone because of their personality. You fall in love with someone first by what you see and then you hope they have a personality to match. Well, I think you're attracted to somebody. All right, I shouldn't say fall in love, but you're attracted to someone by their looks first and then you hope they have a brain and some intelligence to them or some common interests. Right. But these people out there who think that they're above all this and they actually are attracted to someone's mind first. But there are guys that like hairy armpits. Yes, of course. They're attracted to that. Of course. You're just speaking personally. I, one, don't like that look. I agree. And I just beg the women not to do that. I don't like that either. Because I don't want that style coming back. That's what I don't want to see personally. That's all. That's all. Point taken. Okay. We've got some Lenny Kravitz tickets we're going to give away today. He's playing Saturday Night at Roseland. When you hear George Thorogood's Bad to the Bone, be the tenth caller at 212-757-1027. So we've been discussing the Yankees. They're going to pretty much win the World Series tonight. I think we all know that by now. Yeah, that's a given. It looks like we'll have a parade Friday. Just serves those Padres. They paint their field. Did you see that? Their field was so bashed up and beat up from the football teams that they had to paint it. Paint it green. They put pretty little trees in the outfield. And then they had the nerve to make fun of our stadium. Yeah. Who are you kidding? And the field had seams where they tried to patch the grass together. That if a ball got in there, forget about it. Yes. It would take some kind of wacky Jupiter hop. Well, George Steinbrenner wasn't happy. He was on the field yesterday. He was ticked off. It doesn't matter. No, not at all. He didn't play on your crappy field and beat you. But what I want to ask you, Anthony, after the game, did you watch Letterman? No. I missed Letterman. You missed one of the best things ever. What did he do? Well, he did this whole bit on State Fairs. You know how at State Fairs, someone grows the largest pumpkin and the largest gourds and the hog calling champion. I've seen that. Well, they had all those people come out one by one, kind of like in the stupid pet trick format. So they show the huge pumpkin that weighed like 600 pounds. That was cute. Then a guy came out with some gourds that were extra large. I've seen those. And the hog calling lady comes out. Then they bring out, was it Mr. Blue? I don't remember what it was called. Yeah, I don't either. But basically they brought out a pig that weighed close to 1,000 pounds that came up to your chest. Really? Probably. They said the largest pig in the world, basically. It's going to gain another 400 or 500 pounds. Wow. So it's on stage. It's a big pig. It was Mr. Blue or something like that. Anyway, big blue. Big blue. Big blue. Okay. So he's on stage and he's eating. All of a sudden he turns to face the crowd. He had goons. Like the big red kickballs from Jim Class. Did anyone else see this? I couldn't breathe at home. I was laughing so hard. What, his sack? His sack was huger than the big red kickballs from Jim Class. And he's moving around the stage and they're just swaying and stuff. And Letterman finally said, I think you might have an endorsement there with jockey shorts. Ah, they showed big pig sack on Letterman? It was one of the funniest things I've ever seen on TV because it was just so ridiculously huge. That's disgusting. And the crowd is just laughing and laughing, just waiting for Letterman's line. And he finally got one at the end there. And then I tuned in Jay Leno and he's doing more Clinton jokes. Isn't that done? Totally done. Until they release some kind of story that Clinton had sex with Boy Scouts, I think it's pretty much over. I think all the news is done. But every night he's got to do at least one or two Clinton jokes. He will not let it die. Which is pretty pathetic. And it amazes me that Jay Leno actually beats Letterman in the ratings. I don't understand that. With pig sack hanging down, I'm sure Letterman will be number one in no time again. If I could show you this video, you wouldn't be able to breathe. You'd be laughing so hard. It would look like when you used to chew up three packs of Hubba Bubba and then pull it out of your mouth and let it just hang there. Is that what it looked like? Pretty much. Pig chewed up Hubba Bubba. The pig must sit on him every time he lays down or sits down. Five big buddies in your mouth. They could pull it out and go bleh. Just hanging down like that? Pretty much. Sorry I missed it. I thought I would share that with you today. Thank you. Maybe I could catch a video clip or something. On the way we've got that new band, Eve Six, and coming back with some Tom Petty next. George, this broad's husband wants to kill me. Why did I ever get rid of that 19-year-old with the huge cans? N-V-E-W 1027 W-N-E-W, the<|pt|> right of New York. That's the band Eve Six and Inside Out. It's Opie and Anthony having a fine program thus far. Yeah. Thus far is the word to use there, right Anthony? You could use that word, sure. I was going to use so far, but I think thus far sounds more intelligent. 212757 1027 if you got something for the shoe. The fax line is 212957 W-N-E-W. Hi, what's up? Hi, this is Tim from Brooklyn. I was just listening to the guys on the radio goofing about Patti Smith. When you guys first came on the air, I don't know if it was one of the DJs, he was talking to one of the guys who's goofing on the other guy, but dating a girl with a hairy back. Yeah. Okay, I just want to cut. That's all I want to say. Well, wait a minute, because that was me. Oh, okay. You were the one dating her? No, well, what happened was... Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, I'm getting a bad rap about this. No, no, you're not. I lost my virginity to a girl that had like a mane growing down her back. But she was okay. She was okay. See what you started, you idiot? I remember that. Opi's telling everybody that he had sex with a girl that had a hairy back. Well, I remember the story from when you guys first came on, that's all. Yeah. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. He's worried about girls with hairy armpits. Well, I've been listening to you guys since you came on. I've been listening to Daddy W a long time, and I like you guys. Well, let me... can I explain myself? Go ahead, go ahead. I didn't purposely search out a girl that had a mane growing down her back. She was absolutely beautiful. Am I going to be sorry I called? I lost my virginity to this girl, but I didn't realize she had a hairy mane on her back until I turned around. Okay. What are you going to do at that point? He's worried about armpits? I don't know. I live in Brooklyn. There's a lot of hairy women. Italian women, no less. He told the girl, don't be shy. Take that black sweater off. And she said, I'm not wearing a black sweater. Okay. So long. No, really, thanks. I appreciate you bringing that up to us. Okay. Goodbye. It's really good. You're a little with me. You're a little with me. Okay. You guys are good. Goodbye. Great. Thanks, Ed. I want to have a spelling bee. What? A spelling bee? Oh, now you've got to get on me? I'm a very lousy speller. What can I say? You know? I feel like having a spelling bee. Do I get to study? Yes, you could study. We'll get into that another day, I guess. Yeah, my spelling is pretty bad. Horrendous. Sorry. Remember how that lady used the word horrendous when she was describing my grammar yesterday? And that her spelling is horrendous. I think having a problem with grammar is a little worse than having a problem with spelling, Opie. I guess. At least I could use the old spell check on the computer when I send emails. Yeah, I don't have a grammar check. No. All right. Stay tuned. On the way, Tragically Hip and George Thorogood. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York, Tragically Hip. That's Poets from the Phantom Power CD and Loan Some George Thorogood before that. That's a song you had to be listening for to win the Lenny Kravitz tickets. And John Schaeffer of New York, New York's got a pair of tickets to see Lenny this Saturday at Roseland. Congratulations, John. Next hour, you got to be listening for Fog Hats, Slow Ride. When you hear that, be the 10th caller at 212-757-1027. And you, too, will win a pair of tickets to see Lenny Kravitz. All right? Very good. Hey, we got Mark Olin coming in today. I'm pretty excited about this. I've been thumbing through Maxim Magazine. He's the editor-in-chief of Maxim Magazine. Should be here momentarily. Last time he was on the show, we had a lot of fun with him. And we're not putting him on just because he's the editor-in-chief of Maxim. We're putting him on because the guy's completely out of his gourd. Right? He is a fun sort, I'll tell you that much. He's a trip. There's a lot of creative energy that comes from this guy's head. And we like to tap into it every once in a while and share it with you guys. Jennifer Esposito on the cover, huh? Yeah, she's pretty hot. She looks pretty good in these little pictures. Every issue, they have a little centerfold. Yeah. Pretty much. Well, it's the Guy Magazine. Sex, sports, beer, gadgets, clothes, and fitness. Yes. You know, also, you know who's going to be calling in today? Oh. Dice. Dice? Yeah. What does he want? I'm a little confused because usually Dice sits out in that lobby when we're on the air. And he busts in from time to time with his wisdom. But today he's too busy to be here. Busy? I think he actually has something going on that he'll tell us all about. And that's why he's calling in today instead of walking in from the lobby. Usually he just sits out there waiting for us to call him in. Can't wait to hear it. Yeah, it should be exciting. And if you've got something for the show, 212-757-1027. Hi, Andy W. Hey, what's happening, guys? How are you? All right. Just a little information, you know, regarding the Patty Smith hair incident. Yes. You know, I had a blind date with a girl about two months ago. Completely gorgeous. Drop dead. Could have been a model. We go out. I buy her dinner. Take her out for a couple of drinks. Coercive to come back to my apartment. Start fooling around. You know, I get the pants down. She had a bush that went from one side to the next. It's like a pair of hip-weights she had on, I'm telling you. Like she could have went to water and nothing would have got wet. You know what we call that, don't you? Runaway. No, the 70s Earth mama muff. Oh, my God. Let me tell you. Did it look like she was making jiffy pop popcorn in her underpants? Ugh, it was disgusting. Did it look like she had a link from the Mod Squad's head in the leg lock? Yeah. It looked like she had Teletuballas' hairpiece on before. He figured he might as well just go bald. Or he had a little William Shatner down there. But let me tell you, she was drop dead gorgeous. I couldn't believe it. Well, that's coming back, I'm telling you. Yeah. Please, if that's coming back, I don't know what I'm doing. Let me say, the hair under the arms and the hair on the body, you guys are right. It just doesn't do it for me. What is this? Get this out of here. Well, you know, but the problem is if we discuss this on the air, then you get women out there that are mad at us for discussing our likes and dislikes. Isn't it unbelievable? I think women have likes and dislikes about men, right? Exactly. And doesn't everybody, aren't everybody entitled to an opinion, which doesn't have to be the same as everyone else's? Well, you would think that, but... You would. In this politically correct world we live in, you're not allowed to have an opinion. You know what it is? It's the women that are calling you up. They're the ones with the big bushes and the hairy underarms. Actually, let's play fair today. We'll have a few women call up and tell us what they don't like about guys. Yeah, have them berate us. All right, man. All right, guys. Thanks a lot. Thank you. 1027 WNEW, The Rock of New York with Steve Miller. It's Opie and Anthony. On the way, we're going to be talking to Andrew Dice Clay. Oh, yeah. Do we even need to tease the fact that we're going to be talking to him, Anthony? Oh, no, no. He's a huge star. I think everybody knows who he is. Well, actually, if you know the history of Dice with our show, he's been hanging out in the lobby since we started here at NEW four months ago because he really doesn't have a life. And everyone's well. He barges into the studio to try to get some airtime, to try to get his popularity back. Get his plugs in. We noticed that he wasn't around the last couple days and we found out why because he's going to be on Dharma and Greg tonight. That hot TV show. Wow. Yeah. Have you ever watched Dharma and Greg? I think I watched the first episode. And that was it? That was pretty much it. Yeah. So did it. So Dice wants to plug his little appearance tonight on TV. I read in the TV guide, yeah, Dice is doing a cameo on it and he's playing himself. There's a stretch. That's going to be real cute. Which Dice is it going to be if he's playing himself? Is it the angry Dice that everybody remembers when he used to maybe be funny in 1986? Or is it the Dice from the TV show where he was the postal employee and we have the little cute kids coming up to him and you know he'd have a cute little banter with them? Or is it the Dice from the failed, his other failed show, Hits? Hits. Oof. Well, we'll talk to Dice and we'll find out all about it. Sure. All right. What do you think of Dice, Mark? We got Mark Golan in the studio, the editor in chief of Max of Magazine. Yeah, yeah. That's Dharma and Greg Brady, isn't it, the show? Yeah. Now that might be interesting though. That would be a lot of fun to see. Oh, I said, do do do. Well, you were so excited last time we had you on the air, we decided to have you back. But it won't work a second time, will it? If you don't think so. We could give it a whirl. We could give it a whirl. We'll try. We'll take a swing at it. We'll try. If nothing else, we'll thumb through Max and see what kind of hijinks you've been up to for the past month. This time I don't have to beg for beer. I brought my own. I noticed that because the listeners last time let you down. They didn't bring your beer until 7 o'clock. So we expect you to be extra funny today because you do have your beer. Super funny. So I haven't even been able to thumb through the latest issue of Max of Magazine. What can I expect from this month's issue, Mark? You know, lots of stuff. The same old thing. You know, different things. Is there a theme this month? There's no theme this month. It's sort of our general kind of look at the world in general. I like that. We've got a little report on Russia where they're losing atomic bombs and strip clubs and... Wait, strip clubs in Russia? Oh, there's this great one. This is the best. There's this club. It's called the Hungry Duck. What they do is they let a whole bunch of women in early and they have male strippers that whip these women into an orgiastic frenzy. I'm really proud of that phrase, orgiastic frenzy. Is that a word? When they're really hot, they let guys in. The women pay like two rubles to get in. The guys pay 30 bucks. By the time the guys get in, the women are ripping their clothes off. Wow, how about that? And let's see what else. That's what's going on over there in Russia. Let's see. There's Red Square, St. Basil's Cathedral, all that kind of crap. But there's also this restaurant where... It's a huge restaurant. You sit at tables and in the middle of the restaurant there's this glass encased farm and there was an old lady tending goats. So you just sit there and eat dinner and watch her clean up goat crap. Come on. I'm serious. They've really lost any sense of reality over there. It's in print. It means it's true. In the former Soviet Union. They're missing atomic bombs? Yeah. They've misplaced about 100 suitcase-sized atomic bombs over the last few years. That's just lovely to hear. This is the best one. The Russian army down south, they sent all their uniforms out to be cleaned. They didn't have money to pay for the cleaning services, so they have no uniforms. The laundry is like, no, we're not returning them. This is so scary. And then Boris Yeltsin is all drunk and stuff all over the place. He's right. We have started the Boris Yeltsin Death Watch. I think he's going to be out by the end of the year. I saw him wavering. You need a big clock in here or something. You want like a clock? Little vodka bottles instead of numbers. For Boris? For Boris. Boris Death Clock. What else can you tell us about Russia that's in the magazine this month? Let's see. Let's just sum to it. Well, later on I want to talk about If Men Really Ruled the World, too. We'll get to that. That's my personal favorite on this issue. My God, this is just right on the money. All right, well, we're just getting warmed up. How's that? Yeah. Mark's hanging with us today. If you've got something, 212-757-1027. What are you laughing at, A? Just one quick instance of If Men Really Ruled the World. I love the movies. How movies would change? Before the Bridges of Madison County. After the F-14s of Madison County. We talk about that a lot. It's a touching love story. We'll get into Chick Flicks with you, Mark, in a little while. Absolutely. But up next we're going to be talking to Dice, supposedly live from Hollywood. Stay right there. 1027W, N.E.W., the Rock of New York, another track from Tracks. That's Bruce Springsteen, Where the Bands Are, the box set comes out November 10th. And we've got something really cool for you guys. N.E.W. presents a world premiere Bruce Springsteen box set listening party. That's going to happen next week at the Hard Rock Cafe, October 27th. So next Tuesday. And what you've got to do is listen to W.N.E.W. to find out how you can be there. Oh, brother. I've got to introduce everyone. It's Opie, it's Anthony, and it's our pal Mark Olin from Maxon Magazine, the editor-in-chief. What are you laughing at over there? Somebody sent a little, cute little story about the hairy armpit issue that we were talking about earlier. Yes. On the topic of Harry Pitts, a drunk and a woman are sitting opposite ends of the bar. The drunk is ordering drinks as the woman with the hairy pits is waving over the bartender. The drunk says, give me a beer and whatever the ballerina's having. The button says, how do you know she's a ballerina? To which the drunk replies, anyone who could get her leg that high has to be a ballerina. Thanks, Joe, from Bayonne. That's a good one. Shades of Oscar Wilde there. You got a lot of it. Very nice. That's our listeners. We're proud of them. Hell yeah. In a little bit, we're going to discuss if men really ruled the world with Mark from Maxon Magazine. There's some really funny stuff in here. We'll get to that. But right now, we've got to get to Andrew Dice Clay's on our phone line right now. Oh, joy. This is the loser line, I guess. A new feature on the Opie and Anthony show, the loser line. We'll have one loser a week call us. But Dice is going to be on a TV show tonight and he wants to plug his little gig. Oh, great. Can't wait. And usually he hangs out in our lobby praying for some air time. We were wondering where he's been. Yeah, he's been gone for the last couple of days, but I guess he's been filming a sitcom. Let's talk to the Dice man. Hi, Dice. Hey, is this Jake Goldfin? Snap ahead. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, wait, wait, wait. You in New York trying to get that loser radio show going, huh? Well, where are you? I'm in Hollywood, baby. Hollywood. Wait a minute. What are you doing in Hollywood? I'm starring on a big sitcom. I'm starring. What, what, Frasier? No, Dharma and Dice Man. You never heard of it? Oh, you mean Dharma and Greg? It's Dharma and Dice Man. I'm going to be big on this show. Guys, I hate to tell you, but no one watches that show. Listen, snap ahead. Listen, snap ahead. No one listens to your show. I'm in Hollywood. I'm on a TV show. Wait a second. We seem to be showing that you're calling from Branson, Missouri. Hey, who's that loser, huh? It's my girl. I got to put up with this. Got a street snap ahead in there. Look, the truth of the matter is the Dice Man is back. I'm in Hollywood. I'm making TV shows. Where are you, huh? Hey, Dice, wait a minute. This is Anthony. You want to hear my impression of you? Yeah, go ahead. Let's hear this. Hey, this is Dice Man. I used to be somebody, but now I can't even sell out a closet. Oh! Oh, yeah, that's real good, huh? Oh, that sounds fantastic. Just like me. What an ass. So, Dice, when are you going to be back so you can get us our coffee after your cute little TV appearance? Hey, that's real funny, huh? You ought to be a comedian. Say what you want. I'm in Hollywood. I'm making TV shows. Where are you, huh? I'm in Hollywood. I'm making TV shows. Where are you, huh? Where are you, huh? I'll tell you where you are. Nowhere's. This is Nowhere's. All of you. I'm back. The Dice Man's back. I got the leather jacket with the studs on the back, says the Dice Man. Are you going to be doing any rhymes tonight on the TV show? I don't need no rhymes no more. I'm a big star. Yeah, sure. I'm a big star. Yeah, you're a loser. ...on the Weather Channel. Yeah, real funny. Keep it up there, snap ass. You're not calling from Hollywood. You're calling from Allentown. What you got calling from? I'm calling from Allentown. What, you got caller ID? Yeah, well, something screwed up with the connection. Hey, Dice, wasn't Jimmy Walker available for your part on this show? We need you back here to make us coffee. There's no more getting you anything. I'm a big star now. Who's that, that Jenna Elfhead that's doing that Dom and Greg show? She came up to me. She goes, oh, Dice, I need you for my show. My ratings are real bad. I said, honey, I'll come on your show. You just got to bend over and let me have a game. You're a mess. That's how the Dice man makes it, huh? Yeah, that's real funny stuff, Dice. Can't wait to see it tonight. Hey, can I plug in, yo? Yeah, go ahead. I'm going to be at a laughter, you crap your pants, coincidentally enough in Allentown, Pennsylvania. All right. All right, loser. Hey, Anthony wants to say goodbye to you. Yeah, I'll say goodbye to you in a rhyme. Jack be nimble, Jack be quick. I ain't been funny since 86. Have a game. Oh, yeah, that's funny. Yeah, sounds just like me, loser. Goodbye. I'm in Hollywood. Goodbye. You're no ways. Yeah, whatever. Bye, Dice. Oh, what a loser. He's got a cameo role as himself. Yes. We got to get the clip of it. We'll play it tomorrow and abuse him. Oh, we definitely will. Everyone's got to watch the show tonight. 1027 WNEW, 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York, Stone Temple Pilots and Plush. It's Anthony and it's our pal Mark Golan from Max of Magazine, the editor in chief. And we're checking out the latest issue of Max of Magazine. There's some great stuff in this issue. Every month there's some great stuff, though. A lot of fun. A lot of fun. I'm looking at the section of men really rule the world, Anthony. Well, we like to think we do, right? Yeah, well, it's true. And in fact, I'm already getting a little bit of crap about this is like, Mark, we do rule the world. And I realized the moment I realized when we didn't was I was in the supermarket. And the first aisle in every supermarket is always produce vegetables. I'm thinking, hey, if we ruled the world, it would be the pork on a stick and cheese doodle aisle. But no, it's vegetables. It's always vegetables. That's when I realized my whole world was falling apart. It's like, we don't rule the world. No, not at all. There's some very funny ones in here, Mark. Yeah. So we basically got together and decided, OK, well, if we really did rule the world, if we just completely ignored the wisdom of our moms, our girlfriends, our wives, nuns, what would the world be like? And here are a couple of the things that we came up with. In sex and relationships, number one, nodding and looking at your watch would be deemed an acceptable response to a I love you. Speaking solely in Clint Eastwood quotes would count as opening up this one. I really love when your girlfriend really needed to talk to you during the game. She'd appear in a little box in the corner of the screen during a time out. Oh, now you're going to be one of those people there like doing the deaf sign language. What else? Oh, this one's good, too. When women climaxed, they'd make a noise like a pinball machine. You know that when you win a free game? Yeah, that knock. Is that the most satisfying sound in the world or what? When you would just roll in and that falls on my bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. And all of a sudden, oh yeah. And you know everybody in the bowling alley is looking at you. Free ball, yes, free game. And then, oh, this one's good, too. Breaking up would be a lot easier, a smack on the ass and a nice hustle. You'll get them next time would pretty much do it. So that's sex and relationship, then at work, things that would be different there. At any time and for any reason, you'd be allowed to build a campfire in your office. That'll happen. Ties would still be required, but they'd be made of beef jerky. And that's what I love, too. At the end of the workday, a whistle would sound and you'd jump out your window and slide down the tail of a brontosaurus and ride into your car like Fred Smith. This is all if men really ruled the world. I like how movies would change. That's good, too, yeah. The English patient would become the French maid. That's good. Like the horse whisperer would be the horse juggler with a gun. Anything with a gun, I figured out is acceptable. Yes, no, that's pretty, yeah. And as far as sports goes, the only show opposite Monday Night Football would be Monday Night Football from a different camera angle. My favorite probably in the entire thing is men would take control of women's magazines. We did this thing called Max and Wazel. And here's like a couple of the cover lines. Threesomes, are you missing the boat? He lies, he cheats. What are you doing wrong? Is he getting enough time away from you? That's pretty good. Yeah, the ones from Cosmo are completely ridiculous. How to find your G-spot and all that fun stuff. Here's something I think Opie could relate to. Where are you going? No, this is elevator closed door buttons would be responsive to the point of injury. Opie hates getting anybody else in the elevator. And he'll sit there and hit the closed door button 20 times and you're waiting for it to close. It's not a closed door button, it's something to do while the door closes on its own. Actually, a guillotine button would be great. Like for those people that reach their arm in, you're almost there. You're almost gliding up and some jackass reaches his arm in there. I like this one too. You could murder any man who draws a distinction between heat and humidity. You are messed up, Mark. It's not that it's hot, it's just so close. It's so muggy. Do you feel damp? I feel damp. I feel a little moist. Alright, more with Mark and Opie and Anthony. If you got something to add, 212-757-1027. On the way we got some holes. Stay there. Elaine, my new girlfriend gave me a hand job and a wedding ring gave me a rash. 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York, with Hole, that celebrity skin and Fog Hat before that. That's the song you had to be listening for to win the tickets to see Lenny Kravitz this weekend at Roseland. And Sherry from New Jersey was paying attention and she has a pair of tickets. Congratulations, Sherry. I have a little Freudian slip there. She has a pair of tickets. She has that too. It's Opie and Anthony and it's our pal Mark Golan from Max and Magazine hanging with us once again today. And we're going through the latest issue of Max and Magazine. And there's a very funny section here. You're sick. Kids read the darnedest things, Mark. What's that all about? Well, it's so many of the classic children's books we were raised on. We were written so long ago that we figured it was time to update them a little bit. This is what he does. This is what he does for a living. This is what we do all day long. I thought our jobs were funny. I think he has a better job than us. What can we take that's clean and pure and twist it and throw mud on it? And this time it was children's books. So here's a few of the ones that I think should be printed now. Okay. Daddy drinks because you cry. All dogs go to hell. By Curious George. Very good. I like that one. I like this one. What is that dog doing to that other dog? Some kittens can fly. It goes down from there. It burns when I pee, Charlie Brown. Why Grandma's not moving. Don't stop feeding the fish. Hell, where little kids go who don't brush their teeth. And how the Grinch knocked over the 7-Eleven. Charlie in the fudge tunnel. You've gone too far. I was trying to be tasteful here and skip over that for public consumption. I don't even get that. What do you mean by that? Oh man, very good. You should see the illustrations. Well, Mark Off Mike was discussing something he wants to do in a future magazine. The Top 100 Albums. Because our listeners can help you out with that. Actually, what I want the listeners to help me out with is we're going to be working on this piece called 100 Stupid Things to Do When You're Bored. And we just started working on it and some of the things we've come up with. This is one that I've actually tried. I keep a book of these actually. The one that I really love is you go to a Burger King. And you go up to the counter and you ask directions to another Burger King. And it will take like 15 minutes trying to explain to you that they all have the same food. And you keep going, I know, I just want a different one. And they lose their minds. Or another one is when you're sitting in a room in a meeting. This is good to do at work and somebody is talking to you. You put your finger to your lips. And then you write on a piece of paper and you hold it up and it says, I think the room is bugged. Do you want our listeners to help you out with this? Absolutely. I want things to do when you're bored. Somebody sent me one. Basically, you go down to the street and you invite people to come up to your apartment to see your butter carving of the Virgin Mary. And then you bring them up. And then when they see this plate of just melted butter, you start whimpering and you start like praying to the ceiling. So how many times a week do you do acid, Mark? All right. Our listeners can help you out. Please call in things you do when you're bored. Or you can fax them to us. 212-957-WNEW might be in a future issue of Max of Magazine. That would be very cool. Yep. We'll make you famous. All right. More with Mark in a bit. Stay there. Anthony, we need to take a minute and talk about MindSpring Internet Access, a very cool Internet access. They got fast, reliable 56K connections. How cool is that when you're tolling around the Internet, Anthony? Well, you need that. You know me, Opie. I'm a computer hound. And if I connected anything less than 56, what do I do? You throw your computer out the window? I throw it against the wall and start stepping on it. You're pretty much buying computers every week because you don't have that connection. Well, you know, when you're downloading the good stuff off the Internet, video, you need something fast. You get 26 and stuff and you're sitting there waiting and waiting. And MindSpring guarantees the fast, reliable 56K connections. Also, they got free customer support 24 hours a day, seven days a week, toll free. So pretty much it's easy to get them on the line when you're having a problem with your Internet connection. Here's me with my older Internet access company. Yeah. Hello? Yeah. I need help. Please hold. Okay. Now, if we can all just sit here and wait until eight o'clock, I could do the rest of this. Yeah, exactly. Another cool thing about MindSpring, you can call them toll free at 1-888-M-Spring and tell them that Opie and Anthony sent you and MindSpring will waive the $25 startup fee and give you the first 30 days of service free from the day you sign up. It's that easy. Use that 25 bucks to get to the porno sites. There you go. 1027W and EW, the Rock of New York, Matchbox 20 and Push. It's Opie and Anthony and Mark Olin from Maxim Magazine hanging with us once again today. Also got to remind you, later on this hour, we're going to play Thin Lizzy's The Boys Are Back in Town. When we do, be the 10th caller at 212-757-1027 to pick up some Lenny Kravitz tickets for the show at Roseland this Saturday night. Okay? And Mark is encouraging our listeners to get involved here because they could possibly be in a future issue of Maxim Magazine. That's right. Stupid things to do when you're bored. And we got a fact here. Guy writes, Grab a friend and a roll of quarters, go down to the local laundromat, and take turns getting in the dryer and going for dryer rides. Come on. Remember to keep the heat off. Air dry only. This might be a future issue. You never know. If you want to add to the list, you can fax us, 212-957-W and EW. Hi, EW. I got an idea of something to do when you're bored. Yes. It's also a time saver for everybody else. Okay. How handy. You go to the bank and you fill in your account number and all the blank deposits list. Now you're thinking. Hey, good safe time for everyone. Very good. Excellent. Thank you, man. You're welcome. I think we're onto something here, Mark. Wait a second. The last time I was here, did we talk about the porn booth thing? The porn booth. I'm not sure. This is one that we used to do when we were really bored. You go down to a porn shop with the booths for the movies. You bring a jar of mayonnaise. Oh, yeah, we did. Do we talk about it? Do it again, though. We're gaining new listeners every day. Go ahead. You take one of those basting things with you. You slather on barbecue sauce. You go inside and you slather it on the inside doorknob and then you leave. Then you just stand there and wait and some poor schmuck walks in there. He puts his quarters in and so on. Then he tries to leave. He puts his hand on the doorknob. You hear like a little, eh. And then there's like five minutes of silence. And then you hear this like, eh, hello? Could somebody let me out? Very nice. Tony Bucci and a lot of guys doing it. Oh, too funny. What else were we going to discuss here? There's so much. There's so much. Well, there was the third grade. We started getting misty eyed and nostalgic, you know, while the music was playing, right? Yeah. What were you saying? Wait, no, wait. What were you saying about third grade, though? Because I remember doing this, actually. All right. Well, everybody's going to have to pony up one if I tell this one. So, okay. This is you're on the school bus and you decide you're going to spit on somebody. But. Just because. Just because. Just because. And it being third grade, you have to go for the gusto. So we used to have like this 25 minute school bus ride. And you just sit there in the back and you start like saving up spit, you know, minute after minute. And it'd be collecting and your cheeks would start bulging out. You'd be like, you'd be a saliva gerbil, basically. You know, you have a little bit that you're allowing yourself to swallow, but you keep the rest of it. And by the end of like 20, 25 minutes, you're practically throwing up. And then you get off the bus and you walk up to the person and you try to go, hey, but it comes out like, turn around and you get really close and just dump it all on them. The stupid things you did in third grade. Mine actually involves saliva also. It was the. What a coincidence. Yeah, it was. Well, it's because it's third grade. That's most of. You have so few things in your disposal. Exactly. You're not an adult. You don't have money. You don't have any possessions. Possessions. You and your spit. If you can't make it yourself, forget it. That's it. You're self-contained. But when you used to pin somebody down, especially right after chocolate milk, and you'd go, hey, and get this line of spit going out of your mouth down, just about touching the nose and then suck it back up again. Wait a minute. Don't, don't shake me. Don't shake it out. It's going to blow it back up again. And you'll pit and pendulum. It would work great after like Nestle's quick. Oh, yeah. Just very viscous. Actually, I got a friend, Glenn notice. He was on David Letterman. He did a trick with a saliva where he's he would stand up right and he would do this saliva thing. He would have to drink orange soda. He would be able to get the spit all the way down to the floor, pick up a piece of popcorn and suck it all up into his mouth. Like a dragonfly, like a frog catching a dragonfly. He was on Letterman doing this trick and the old Howard Stern show on Channel 9. Wow. That's a talent. It's a resume stuffer. No hero still walks the planet. Yeah, of course. Well, the only thing I did in third grade was like to see the big white pace for lunch money. Oh, the paste? Yeah. You know, it tasted good though. You were the paste eater. Yeah, I was the paste eater. It took you a while to work your way out of third grade. And then there was the glue of the rubber cement boogers you would make. You know, you put it on the desk and let it dry a little and roll it up and go, eww, eww, put it by your nose. Remember cement boogers? And then you would pull it out and wipe it on someone and they'd freak out. See, now you are getting misty. You told me you were going to choke up a little bit. This one's going to make me break out in tears. Did anybody ever snort a pixie stick? Remember pixie sticks? Remember those? The grape. The grape. It's like grape. Snort one of those purple haze. It's playing on the inside of your brain. It's unbelievably painful. And you'd snort one off and then you'd just sit there and go, oh, God, ow. And then you'd do it again. I wonder what orange would be like. And it hurts just as much. No, man, you've got to crush up the Niko wafers. Now you're talking. This will like play priest in the schoolyard with that. Here you go, Niko. Oh, a black one. Body of Christ. Body of Christ. Very nice. All right, we've got more with Mark on the way. Also some great rock and roll. We've got the latest from Dave Matthews and Queen next. Hey, Anthony, I got a song for the San Diego Padres. What's that? Another one by the Dutch Queen. That's insane wacky zenerific, Opie. You're making a wacky dedication. You're insane. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. The latest from the Dave Matthews band. That's Crush. You're hanging with Opie and Anthony and Mark Golland from Maxim magazine. We love Maxim magazine and we like Mark. Not because you're the editor in chief of Maxim because you're so bizarre. It fits right in here. Oh, you totally fit in with our show. We like to have them on like once a month because I don't think any of us can handle it more than once a month. The nightmare begins again. Yeah, but the listeners are, you're sparking some stuff in the listeners and we like that. And the phones are ringing like crazy. We should go to a few of them here. Hi, NW. Hey, how's it going guys? All right, you enjoying the show today? Yeah, I'm loving it. I love this. Hey, we had one called the MFPP, the Motherf***** proverbial prophylactic. What we used to do is we used to take a condom and we used to put it in a place that was very undesirable but unknown. What a friend of mine did to me was he took this and he put it in my mayonnaise jar in my refrigerator. And I had a girl come over and we were going out to the beach and I was making sandwiches that were flat right on a piece of bread. So what we did to him to get him back was we actually put it in his bowling ball. And we were bowling in a championship league and he came down the alley and dropped the ball halfway down the alley. This thing came out. And that's what we used to do for fun as kids. Oh, that's good. You brought up a very pertinent thing which is escalation. That was it and no one was safe. What do you mean you did that as kids? I want to do this this weekend. That was more college stuff but we used to have a lot of fun with it. Oh, very good. Hey guys, listen, I love your show. You all be cool, all right? Thank you. All right, be good. Bye. Oh, that's funny. That's what they say. Yeah, when we were kids, all right, yesterday. Yeah, right? Well, no one wants to admit they had the mentality of a kid still. For some reason, society has decided you have to grow up and have responsibility and you're not supposed to have fun anymore after you hit a certain age. Yeah. We say screw that. It's crushing our creativity. Isn't it? I think we should play the condom game all over New York and people start calling in with the most unusual place they left a condom. Why not? Why not? Let the games begin. Yes, let's take another call here. Hi, N.E.W. Yeah, how are you doing? Good. What do you got? Does it open, Anthony? Yes. Wow, I can't believe I got through. Cool. Hey, I've been listening to you guys for the last couple of weeks. I think you guys are doing a great job. I don't know where they're getting all those other crap that you're coming in dead last. I can't believe that. Well, we're not even going to worry about that anymore. I know. We're moving forward. I was just driving home and I heard you guys talking about practical jokes, things to do, what you can do to keep yourself from being bored. Yes. I got the ultimate. Okay. Something me and a couple of Army buddies used to do when we used to drive back and forth to different bases. Take a whoopee cushion and you go into a bathroom in one of the highways. Yeah. And you go into one of the stalls and you start blowing up the whoopee cushion and you just start cracking out some wind out of the thing while you're grunting and screaming your brains out inside one of them. People will run out of the bathroom laughing hysterically. And while you're driving, if you leave and you're driving down the highway, you'll still see people with tears in their eyes, laughing their brains out. That is good. You gotta yell out, oh dear Lord. I do it like six times out of the year. Just feeling like everything's falling down on top of you. Oh, God. You just get in the bathroom and you go, ah, ah, ah. It's absolutely the best thing you can do to cheer yourself up. I swear I'll never eat that again. Just get me through this one, please. God is my witness. I'll never eat Mexican again. They run out of the bathroom with tears in their eyes. I saw one guy ran out of the bathroom with his pants still down. He couldn't even pull it up. Anyone in here, run. Save yourselves. What's even better is to bring a little glass of water and just spill it on the floor. All right, man. Keep up the good work. Thanks. Everybody in the fire department down here is listening to you. Thank you. All right. Putting on the ceiling. Wow. Start lobbing it out of the stall. You guys still there? Oh, yeah, we are. This is what we call our radio show. It's a mess. All right, man. Thank you. All right, guys. Bye. Bye-bye. I'm going to be the one that would work the best. Wham, and just throw it against the ceiling. All right, there's another game we can start in New York, I guess. The fun bathroom game. Why not? Hi, N.E.W. I love you guys. Thank you. We love you. I got a good one for you. Okay. You take a candy bar. We struck a nerve. And you rub it all over your hands. I heard a comedian say this. You rub it all over your hands. I heard a comedian say this. You rub it all over your hands. I heard a comedian say this. You rub it all over your hands. Yeah. And you put it underneath the stall bathroom and ask them if they got toilet paper. I am so proud the ladies are coming aboard. How about this one? Putting hand cream in a water gun and going into a porno flick and squirting it behind someone's head in front of them. I think Pee Wee did that. I bring my own water gun. That's an Aplop dispenser. All right. Thanks for participating. I tell everyone to listen to you guys. We appreciate that. All right. Thanks. Bye. We continue our downward slide. Bye. 1027 W.N.E.W. The Rock of New York. Thin Lizzie. The boys are back in town. It's Opie. It's Anthony. It's Mark Golan from Maxa Magazine. The November issue will be out any time. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back.