 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York with Lonesome George Thurow. Good afternoon, it's FU Friday. FU. Made it through another week here on the Opie and Anthony show. Hey man, how you doing? Pretty good. We got a little guest in the studio today. A little guest? It's not a guest, he's my brother Joe. Not little. It's my brother Joe, he's not a guest. He's a guest. It's brother Joe. He's the music behind all the wacky song parodies here. I think he's the official music director of the Opie and Anthony show. We don't have much of a budget on the show, but Joe is the music director. He's the head of the Opie and Anthony orchestra which consists of him. I'll do it for 10 bucks a week. We'll give you a case of beer a week to be the music director. You can sleep right here in the studio. That's a bet. Yeah, that's good. I'll take it. But Joe stopped by with his guitar and we're going to sing some ditties today. We're going to do some wacky tunes. Just a lot of the faithful listeners enjoy all the song parodies that we've had on the show. Between Joe and Anthony, they've pretty much done most of them. Yes, thank you. If you want to request one of the goofy songs you've heard on our show, you can do that today. It's FU Friday. Yes. It's your time to event. You've been in hell all week. There's traffic this week. I want to send a big FU out to the world leaders. Can you guys go home? We don't want you in our city anymore. Why do the United Nations have to be here? It's not like they walk here. They all have to fly in. Put it somewhere in the Midwest where nobody's working and has to conduct business. I don't mind that the UN is in New York City. I mind that these leaders go from the UN uptown to where we're at to go shopping. Because we're not working or anything, right? Let's close down three or four blocks because Haji needs a South Park t-shirt to bring home with him. I got the boomy's. Meanwhile, they have to shut 10 streets around where they're shopping so no bombs go off, I guess, or whatever. Do you know the overtime these cops have got to be getting? I know. They're not catching any of the crack dealers this week because they're too busy on the corner around 57th, 56th Street escorting a world leader around. Great. Thank you. Joe, do you have any FUs to start the show today? No, no FUs at all. Not this week. Wow, you've had a good week. You had a good week. I hope you're still knocking tin. I was knocking tin four years ago. I have an FU. He's FU to my brother, Anthony. Yeah, most of you guys used to knock tin and now Anthony has a smooth operator on the radio. We're trying to get Joe out of that. Yeah, we'll get Joe out of that. If any band needs a guitar. Thank you. I need that. I'll stay in tin. Thank you. Joe's up to two FUs today. I hope he's on the list. All right. I was going to play the pipe song here, but we'll tease that. We'll play that next. Okay? One of the songs that Joe came up with. Hi, N.A.W. Yeah, I'd like to make a dedication to the pipe song. All right. My dad's getting it today. Your dad's getting the pipe? As we speak. Why? What's the matter with him? No, it's that time and he has to go get the pipe. How old is he? 51. Wasn't this cool? I have no idea. All I know is he ain't looking forward to it. What's your dad's name? Robert. Robert. Robert. Robert. This one's for you. That's what I want. Good luck with the pipe! Well, if you turn 53 and you find it hard to breathe, you need the pipe. You're having trouble with erection, gotta shove it up your record, it's the pipe. Or if your prostate is born with an autophotographic hole, it's the pipe. Let's go! Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Where you going? Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. It's big, big and mean, there's a lot of Vaseline with the pipe. And you'll know when it's strong, you'll just feel your bums part with the pipe. You'll be bopped and like Robo when the doctor bends you open with the pipe. Hey, let's go! Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. It's big, big and mean, there's a lot of Vaseline with the pipe. And you'll know when it's strong, you'll just feel your bums part with the pipe. It's big, big and mean, there's a lot of Vaseline with the pipe. And you'll know when it's strong, you'll just feel your bums part with the pipe. You'll be bopped and like Robo when the doctor bends you open with the pipe. Hey, let's go! Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. Let's go get the pipe. One-oh-two-seven-W-N-E-W, the Rock in New York, it's FU Friday, with Everclear, I will buy you a new life. And Anthony, the factuses are coming in crazy with FUs. I know! Al writes, a big F you to the Cubs and Giants. Let's go Mets. Very good. I can't believe the Mets have to play the Braves for the final three games. That's killing us. It's not looking good for the Mets, Opie. I'm sorry. Don't say that. You Yankee, Skanky fan. Yanks. They've already clinched and saddened. Now they're sitting out the rest of the season, like hanging. Boy, it was tough. Give me a fact about sports. Just give me like a state of fact. No, you don't want to get us going. We're better than Mike and the Mad Dog. Joe is sports retarded. My sports challenge. You're even worse than Anthony? Yeah. Oh, no. Anthony is a genius compared to me. Really? Joe knows nothing. All right. How many players? I don't know. How many players on the field? I still don't know. Forget you, man. But all right. But all I know is how bad. Oh, this I do know. McGuire, some bat. Huh? Everyone knows that. How bad? You are pathetic. I'm going to turn your mic off in a minute. Who doesn't know Sosa, though, right? Sosa? You're a racer. It's high. Oh, wow. Very good. He is good. Eh, I'm getting better. That's very good. Yeah, but he thinks he's talking about football right now. Actually, I know this home run race is a big deal because your wife knows, Anthony. Jen doesn't know. Jen is following the home run race, which is pretty interesting. What do you got? I got another FU from Desiree and Amy. A big FU to our coworker Marion, who doesn't let us listen to WNEW while she's working because it's too much noise for her. And another FU to her because she stinks up the bathroom. Ah. She's gone today, so we're listening. Keep it up. You guys rock. Girls don't do that, do they? Do they stink up the bathroom? Yeah, they do. They're just nice about it, actually. They spray something afterwards. We got hundreds of these. All right, let's try this one real fast from Lynn. Guys, please give a huge FU to Gary, owner of Alba Purdy's restaurant in Clark, New Jersey. Can you tell him that I've always hated him, but now I can finally tell the world what a jerk he is? You bite, Gary. That's from Lynn. That's very nice, huh? He's angry. Hi, NW. Hey, Opie and Anthony. What's up? What's up, fellas? Thanks. Guess where I am. Where? 56 and 7 handing out a bunch of flyers. What do the flyers say? It says, Opie and Anthony. Yeah? First, check it out on the top. It says, Opie and Anthony, a talk show that's fun. Give them a chance. It's worth the laugh. Monday through Friday, 3 to 7 PM on 127 WNW. And you're handing these out in Midtown right now? I'm right downstairs for you guys. I'm on 56 and 7, man. Right on. I told you. I came through. The moment of truth is here now, fellas. All right, here's the deal. As soon as you hand out all those flyers, we'll let you come on up and check out the show today. Yeah? Yeah, I'm totally serious. All right, man. The next batch you make up, you have to put Opie, Anthony, and his brother Joe. Yeah, I know, because you got Joe up there today, right? Yeah. Let's give you a party today, man. I hear you, bro. I want to be in on it. Make sure you don't give those flyers to all the cab drivers, though. Screw them. No, I'm giving them to all the Chinese guys on scooters. Ah! Wait till we have a pool! Or I get flyer, but I have to go out there every time I got my pool. Yeah, this is sick. All right, man. Call us back when you hand out all the flyers. We've already got about 50 left. All right. All right. Thank you, brother. Later, fellas. All right. Here's someone doing the job. That is so cool. Yes, he's part of Phase 2, where he's spreading the word of Opie and Anthony. What the hell's going on down on the streets today? Sirens blaring behind us. That's all the world leaders getting their shopping done before they head back to their country. I like the fact that it brought up the scooter guys. Yeah. In Manhattan. We saw a lot of scooter guys on the way in today. That's the only way to get into Manhattan these days, on those little Vietnam-looking scooters that they're driving around out on the streets. It looks like downtown Hanoi in Midtown. Oh, yo! Get out of the way! I'm very late for my delivery of a Tang Wans pork! Oh, yo! Get out of the way! Look out! Pork gets cold! Tang wans pork! Wait, no. You ordered Tang Wans pork. Now you can return the Tang wans pork, but you have to take wans hang pork! Very nice. But I'm happy that guy's spreading the word of the Opie and Anthony. Yes, we need that. We totally need that. And if you come up with a very good idea how to, you know, spread the word to the show, we'll listen to you guys and we'll allow you to come in and hang out on the show. Yeah, like a guy like that with an airplane would be good. Leaflets. Drop leaflets. Drop leaflets from the sky. I like that. I want a big banner in between the Twin Towers. That'd work. Why not? Actually, everyone's got to rent Turk 182 this weekend, so then you'll come up with some real good ideas for how to spread the word of the show. You can't drive on the Queensboro Bridge. You might as well hang a sign from it. Very nice. 1027 WNNW, the record of New York, with the latest from the Goo Goo Dolls. That slide off there, new CD, Dizzy Up the Girl. It's Opie, it's Anthony, and it's Anthony's brother Joe warming up the guitar. That would be me. All right. These guys are going to play a few ditties today on the show. Yeah, we're going to do some of our wacky, goofy song parodies, Opie, that we've done over the years. Actually, we're getting a lot of requests for the goofy songs, and if you want to send in a request for the song parodies that you've heard on our show, you can do that today. Song parody of your choice. A lot of people are calling in for the Frank Sinatra song that we did yesterday. We'll do that a little later in the show because that's an unbelievable song, actually. And it's also FU Friday, so if you want to send an FU out to someone, give us a call. Hi, NWW. I'd like to give a big f*** you to somebody. Who? This lady Fran in my office had nothing better to do today than to notice that I took my high heels off for about five minutes and she ran and told my boss and he proceeded to come in and yell at me instead of everybody for not having my shoes on. Are you kidding me? I'm like, why does that have a big fat f*** you Friday? Your company has an unreasonable fear of feet. You know what I'm saying? What's the problem? Why can't you have your feet showered? I don't know. My toenails are painted all different colors. They look pretty cool. It's not like they're all gross and stuff. And your feet aren't stinky? No, not stinky. Huh. Well, give her a big FU. Let it fly. F*** you, Fran. Alright, have a great weekend. Thanks. There you go. The concept of FU Friday is a very easy concept. Someone has ticked you off this week and we want to hear from you. Normally she just would have been able to say FU. Right. Right to the woman's face. Yeah. Now she can tell everybody. I like that actually. Or at least the 12 people listening. Now let me get this out of the way. This will be the only one we do to the whore today. Alright? Let's get it out of the way. Please give a big FU to that slut Monica Bluinski and that fat beast Linda Tripp. That's the only mention we give to that ooo-ah. We're trying to run Clinton free. Yeah, we are trying. And we did pretty good yesterday. We had one mention and already we have a mention today. It's hard not to talk about them. They've supplied quite a bit of energy over the past couple of weeks. Yeah, but we've got to move on. So, Joe's got his guitar. He's ready. And you guys are going to start up with a little warm up here? Yes, but before we get going, Opie, I'd just like to say for all of your heating, air conditioning, and sheet metal needs, it's true mechanical. Oh my God, what a hack. You're a hack. Bohemia, New York. I wouldn't even do that. 631-950. Oh, I wouldn't even do that. They're going to make you work harder now, you idiot. I'm getting the raise, dude. Oh, okay. That's all I had to do. Alright, very good. Wow. Alright. What a hack. You hear that zippy? I wouldn't even have done that. And I was as desperate as you are before I got into radio. Alright, we're going to, I guess since Hurricane George is down there in the Caribbean, now it's in Florida, we're going to get a Caribbean feel. Oh, very good. It's a song you don't normally hear. Isn't it pronounced Jorge? Well, now they're just saying Hurricane George. I like the weatherman now. They're coming out with the beret on and the little pencil mustache. The Hurricane George is leaking havoc on their keys. That's how it plays. Yeah, this is a little ditty you don't normally hear done with a rag-a-feel. Okay? It's a story of a lovely lady who was bringing up three very lovely girls, lovely girls. They were such lovely girls. All of them had hair of blacks, just like their mamas. The youngest one in dreadlocks. It's a story of a man named Brady who was busy with three boys of his own. Three boys, three boys. They were four men living all together. Rasta men. And they all get stoned. The Brady Blondes. The Brady Blondes. The Brady Blondes. That's the way we became the Brady Blondes. Yeah, man. Bravo. From Jamaica. Just getting warmed up here on the Opian Anthony Show and Anthony's brother Joe today sitting with us. That's me asleep, man. All right, we got more great tunes on the way as well. Give me a blonde. Shut up! No more plugs, Joe, or we're kicking you out of here. I will never again miss. Plugging. True mechanical. Please shut the mic off. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York T-Rex on FU Friday. Want to send one in? You can do so through the fax line 212-957-WNEW or you can give us a quick ring at 212-757-1027. It's Opian Anthony and it's Anthony's brother Joe. And a stranger has entered the WNEW studios. It's Mike from Elmont. Hi, Mike. This guy's been handing out flyers. Well, I've got to make sure he actually handed these out and if he didn't then we're going to kick him out of the studio. All right, here's the deal. Mike from Elmont is part of phase 2 of the Opian Anthony campaign and that is to get listeners to this show. New listeners. There were some old NEW listeners. Some of them didn't have open minds. We came on the air and they phased out. Right. They turned the radios off. Opian left. They couldn't understand humor. I hope what we're doing is humor. Whatever. Whatever we do. So phase 2 now is bringing in new listeners. Yes. And this gentleman here is allegedly handing out flyers. Now how many flyers did you hand out today, Mike? I made up 300 and I brought four for you guys. Four. All right. So where were you out there? I was right on 56 and 7th, right across from the Red Eye. Is that the daycare center there or something? Oh, no. The old age home. Well, I'm scared to say this but... Those are some brand new listeners, Opian. Yeah. I'm scared to say this but if you got a flyer from Mike I would appreciate it if you called in. That would confirm it. So we could confirm that you actually got one of these flyers that Mike was handing out on the streets today. I want to know... Crafty devil you. What does Mike do that he has time to hand out flyers for us all next? I actually have to take the day off of work and I hope my boss isn't listening. All for the show, huh Mike? Actually, I drive old people around. I transfer them to doctor's appointments and stuff like that. Oh, and those like ambulance type of thing? Oh, no. So you see like the walker brigades and the... Do you see the walker with wheels that me and Anthony talked about? And the handbrakes? And how about the little rachical scooters? Do you see a lot of those? I see the headlight and the flashlight in the back. They're coming down the street. Those are tricked out. Right on. Okay. If you handed out flyers, if you got one of these today, please give us a call because we want to confirm that they actually hit the street these flyers today. And Mike, you know you can plug the company you work for. Oh, please. I just turned Joe's mic off. Mike. There you go. You're out. Now you're out for the rest of the break. You're out. Because Mike was handing out flyers, some poor old guy's laying there, I have bedshorts. He was supposed to pick me up. And the deal with Mike, I said if you handed out the flyers, he would come and hang out on the show for a little while to check out what we do here, which is not much actually. Mike, you noticed that already, right? I always wanted to see what it was on the other side of the room. All right. And if you come up with an idea to spread the word of the Opium Anthony show, you too could be sitting where Mike is. Wow. I know. What a treat. I know. But nothing like being the first though. Hey, you want to sit in the chair that the skank hoe sat in completely naked? No. We have it over here in quarantine. Actually, you're sitting in the chair that Mindy, the model from Big Butt Magazine, sat in for four hours. I think we have leftover. Does he fit on his seat here? Barely, but you're sitting in that same exact seat right now, Mike. Yeah. All right. It's an honor. We'll go to the phones next, see if we can confirm that Mike actually handed out the flyers today for our show. And we got a lot to do. Joe's here, Anthony's brother. We're going to play some more Goop songs for you. Yeah. When he's not plugging. Well, we'll turn you up when you refuse to plug things. I'll stop plugging. Nope. As soon as you plug, the mic goes off. I like that. Thank you. FU Friday. You have that building up all week? You're pissed? Your boss wrong you? Give us a call and let us know. And Joe, with that little theme song up, I think we should say... Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. All right. Can you get a nice real polished one? May I be on the judging panel? Yeah, Joe, you could judge him, actually. You're looking at the NAW, by the way. Got a good fax here for FU Friday. Opie and Anthony, I need to send a big FU to my wife for getting her period on my first day of vacation. Oh. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh. That blues. Oh. Red Tide. Oh. That's from JD in Edison, New Jersey. JD, I feel for you. How long is vacation? About a week. Yeah. Oh, that is the worst. It all depends on how long you're married and where you're going, though. Yeah, that's true. You know, if you're taking the kids to Disney, it doesn't really matter much. No. If you're, you know, going up to that Mount Airy Lodge to sit in a champagne glass on your first anniversary or something, then it might matter. Hey, look, it's a Shelly Temple now. What happened, honey? Also in the studio today, Mike from Elmont, who supposedly passed out flyers on 56th and 7th. We reward the people that help us. It's we're like the mafia. You do something for us. You do us a favor. We will return the favor. You come on up, Mikey. We'll take good care of you. We'll take care of you, Mikey. I'm so out of it. I feel bad for you guys. You guys crying about not having listening. So let me help them out. You know, I appreciate that flyers. He passed out 300 flyers, but I'm convinced that he passed them out to blind people because nobody's called. No one's called in. You got a flyer that Mike handed out today on 56th and what? Seventh, you're right on the corner, right on the corner. Yeah, we widely passed them out. These are the guys. And thank you. Here's a mega knife pillow. He passed them out. So that's all that counts. Did you pass them out? Did you pass them out to the guys that are selling the sunglasses out there? Actually, I tried to pass them out to a bunch of chicks. Did you? Very nice. There you go. Smart. He was just using it to try to pick up girls. Hoping it sparks conversation. Actually, I'm kind of, you know, an item with someone else right now. How are you? Which is Christina. Say hello to my other guy. Another guy. Everyone's plugging. I know Mike. He's Michael. Mike now. Mike. Mike. Mike. Mike. Mike. Mike. Mike. Mike. Mike. Who is Mike? Mike now. Mike has his Mike off now. I just got this fact from the gang at Town Square Deli in Chatham, New Jersey. A big F-U to this guy. They faxed the news story. Which one? The story of the day. Let me just read a little part of this. The man called Long Branch police to report that someone had stabbed him in the crotch as he slept, but officers who responded quickly saw what had really happened. The man had been having sex with a vacuum cleaner which severed part of his penis. Every guy out there is holding his cross right now. I remember reading that. The 51 year old man nearly died as a result of his injury Monday afternoon. The man had expected the device's suction to provide him with some satisfaction but what he didn't realize is that there's a blade in the vacuum cleaner right under where the hose attaches that pushes the dust into the collected bag. Oh my goodness. Oh my lord. Oh so he was actually humping the machine not the hose. Oh right yeah. Where it chops up before it goes into the bag. Oh. Oh. When he turned the vacuum on the blade severed about a half inch causing severe bleeding. Really? I would think. Oh that would leave you with what? Like a half inch. Oh you got me. Oh that's right. I'm hung like an egg cord Anthony. Oh you got me. Too quick for me. The doctors were unable to reattach the. I love that reaction. I love that particular reaction to when Anthony nailed you with something. You know that didn't change. It didn't change from junior high. Oh my god. Alright more to do. We got the Rolling Stones on the way some R.E.M. and a couple more Goop songs from Anthony and his brother Joe. Right. Which one are you guys going to do in a little while? I don't know we're going to do the morgue. Alright. I mean we'll just do like a couple of ditties from you know the past maybe. Oh I know. A little retrospect. Mike. Yeah what? I think you guys got a copy of the Cuban refugees song. Oh we can't do that live. 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York with the Rolling Stones and Sophie and Anthony. And now the WNEW weekend weather check sponsored by Hush Home Video. Alright we don't usually do weather. They don't get it. We don't do weather on our show. Alright go do the weather. I'm going to go to the WNEW weather center. Hold on. He's going to the window. Hold on I got to open it. Okay this is the weather. Be careful Anthony. Jesus. It's kind of cloudy and overcast. Alright. I see the sidewalks a little wet. It looked to be a little rain. Hey Joe hold his legs. He's going to fall out the window. Alright easy. It's just a little breezy. Not really that windy. I would say a high temperature. About 65-70. Okay good. Let me swing around the corner. Alright he's back in. I almost touched the scan coat shit. I know. Okay that's good. That's a good one. Alright let's get the guys. Okay so that was the weather. and it's tough times for us right now. Islanders we have no homeland. White men take away our home. Put us on reservation in Lake Placid. So they left the Coliseum because they say it's dangerous. Well the fact goes on the Islanders may not have a home but they still have a dynasty. Now listen to me Islanders. I would stay in the Coliseum for this fact. They kind of play like crap. tickets if there's a chance to scoreboard my fall on the team I'd go. I would. I think I've been being critical of people looking at me like shut up there's Islander fans out there. No I don't know. I'm just. Things happening over there. I'll be honest. They say to scoreboard my fall. Yeah I'll be honest I'm just depressed. The team has stunk for many years. A guy a few years ago tries to buy the team and he didn't even have enough money in his bank account. Oh yeah that's shite stuff. That was fun. They don't have a place to play but Gary Bettman was in town he's not satisfied that the place is is strong enough to play. I don't have a clue as to why don't they just fix it. Replace the ball. Yeah new bolts on the scoreboard. And the scoreboard. I think I think it's a little more than that. Of course. Well I'm sure the story will come out soon. They want a nice big arena. Yes they do. And they don't deserve it. And they're using they're using this fear tactic that it's not a safe place to try to get a better place. Very intelligent conversation. Thank you. You might be onto something. Correspondent Anthony on the scene in Nashville County. OK everyone's requesting the morgue the morgue song. Yeah. By Anthony and his brother Joe. That's why Joe is in here. One oh two seven WNEW the Rock of New York Pearl Jam from Yield wishlist. It's Opie and Anthony and Anthony's brother Joe sitting in on the show today. We're going to do a little retrospective of some of our little song parodies that we've done. Yeah. Opie. Because if anybody doesn't know that's how he helped be hooked up in the radio biz. That's right. Yeah I was working on Long Island doing a night show. I didn't banging on a door one night. Yeah you did. Actually Joe hooked me and Anthony up. Yeah that's true. Joe stopped by with this unbelievable song that Anthony and Joe did. The OJ song. The OJ song. Yeah. That thing was hot. When OJ was as hot as Clinton is now I asked all the local bands on Long Island to come up with song parodies. I think OJ was even hotter than Clinton is now. Yeah. All Clinton did was splooge and you know we all know it. OJ made a bigger mess over a lot more clothing. That's true. That's true. So you know I encouraged all the bands to come up with wacky songs about the OJ trial and Anthony and his brother came up with the best one by far and that's how me and Anthony hooked up and we started doing radio together. What was that like five years ago now? That's right you band wrecker. Yeah. Actually I broke up the band. Broke up the band. You were the Yoko Ono of rock gut. That's right. I hope he was. But since then one of the things that me and Anthony have had on our show is a lot of these song parodies and group songs and just about all of them are produced by Anthony and his brother Joe. We don't need a service to do these. No a lot of honestly a lot of radio stations in town you know they get services and stuff to give them their group songs. I like doing them myself. Exactly. I mean like Red Peters, How's Your Whole Family you know of course but at least we give credit where credit is due. Exactly. A lot of these songs have been played in the New York area before me and Anthony came back home and well now we're back and now they can't play those songs anymore and make believe it was theirs. Now this little ditty unfortunately we were between jobs when we wrote this one. Wrote it about a year ago waiting for Frank Sinatra to die to play it. Yeah me and Anthony were sitting on this song for what about a year? About a year because it looked like Frank had these false alarms every couple of months where he'd be ready to die. When we sat down to write this he was on his deathbed. We figured we'd play it within like a week. We figured we'd get it on the air. And he hung on until me and Opie got the boot from Boston. We got fired and then to add insult to injury then Frank Sinatra died. He has the nerve to drop dead while we're in between jobs. But that doesn't stop us. We'll do it anyway. So yeah let's do that Frank Sinatra song. This is a little ditty for Frank. Start diggin' the dirt. Start grievin' today. They're pulling a sheet over my face. The morgue, the morgue. This little cold room. My skin's turning gray. I've got a tag around my toe. The morgue, the morgue. And soon they'll put me in a hole that's six feet deep. My blue eyes shut very tight. In eternal sleep. I have passed away. Wearing my toupee. I've got a death certificate. The morgue, the morgue. And please pardon me. Cause they're, yeah they're embalming me. Old blue eyes in the morgue. The morgue, the morgue. Old blue eyes chairman of the morgue baby. Thank you. I think people are driving off the road right now. Poor Frank. He had to die when we were off the air so we have to do it now. What do you mean man? It was me. And if you think that song is tasteless stick around for the Cuban refugee song. Don't conk conk a chong. Also there's some 12 year old kid on the line that he made a song parody about Bill and Monica and he wants to see what you guys think of it. 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York the latest from Kenny Wayne Shepard on FU Friday. That's somehow, somewhere, someway. It's Opie, it's Anthony, it's Anthony's brother Joe hanging with us today. And we got something on the phone lines. You never know what you're going to hear when you tune us in that's for sure right? Well we got a 12 year old kid that has a song parody about Bill and Monica. Now we're not doing many song parodies about Bill and Monica today. No. We're talking about them. Yeah. Yeah. He gets sick of it. Well he's 12. It scares me that a 12 year old kid would even attempt to make a song parody out of the Bill and Monica mess. I got to hear it. You want to give this kid a chance? I don't even think I'd try to tackle that one. Hey kid let's hear your song. Okay here it is. Mama keeps on crying all about my daddy's lying and the way he cheated on her with Monica. Mama reads the papers all about my daddy's papers and she calls him a hushy lousy man. And she likes to have a little explanation about what I heard during their latest conversation. I will say without the most of hesitation, Mama keeps on crying all about my daddy's lying and the way he cheated on her with Monica. His Christian valuations have gone to hell these days. Now he's a God-fearing hussy lousy man. And she likes to have a little explanation about what I heard during their latest conversation. I will say without the most of hesitation, Mama keeps on crying all about my daddy's lying and the way he cheated on her with Monica. Mama reads the papers all about my daddy's papers and she calls him a hushy lousy man. That's good. What's your name? My name is Skidmark and I'm 12 years old. That's pretty funny. Yeah you'll be hearing from me more. Alright Skidmark, cool. Very good. Thanks. There you go Skidmark, the 12 year old kid. Skidmark's gotta go up to helium. That was pretty good. Skidmark alias alfalfa Schweitzer. That's what it was? It sounded like from The Little Rascals. Alfalfa. Friends, Romans, and country shemen. Hey we're spanking. Everyone alfalfa used to sing all those songs? Yep. I'm the barber of Seville. Mama keeps on crying. It sounded like The Little Rascals. Get a hold of Hal Roach. Have him sign that kid up. We should ask Skidmark if he had personality. He's got a little hair poking out. Skidmark, you have personality? Skidmark can't come to school today. Mother cut off her finger. Skidmark can't come to school today. Mama shot Papa. Hey Skidmark, can I have your pocket knife? You get killed. I just got to hear just a tiny bit more of this. Okay here it is. Mama keeps on crying all about my daddy lying in the way he cheated on her with my daddy. That could shatter glass. It's catchy though isn't it? Oh it's catchy. It'll be in my head all night. I'll remember that song. Very good Skidmark. Call back with any parodies you might have in your brain. Mama keeps on crying all about my daddy lying in the way he cheated on her with my daddy. Mama reads the papers all about my daddy. Mama reads the papers. She calls him a hushy lovin' man. Skidmark is the king of the show today without a doubt. No one's going to top that one today. I'll tell you one thing, whether you like it or not, you're going to be hearing that at 2 in the morning if you wake up. Let's just get it out of my head. Why did I have to look so pitiful today? Skidmark. We have some type of forecast here so why don't you give it to us Sam. Okay as I look at the Doppler 5000, which is out our window actually, it looks kind of cooler than it has been lately. I'm saying about what, 65 degrees? Sounds good. It's a little hazy, overcast, damp, and a little drizzle. I would say gradual darkening. Darkening of the sky toward evening, yes. Okay very good. This weekend, Red Hush, a wicked suspense thriller starring Jessica Lange and Gwyneth Paltrow from Columbia TriStar. There you go. Alright. Alright man. Well I don't know, I think it's time to play the Cuban drama. Ah yes. When was this one originally? This one was originally for the floatilla right? Yeah they had the... Boat people? Yeah boat people. They were coming over on everything, scraps of wood. And we were pissed. Yeah. Scraps of wood, whatever. They could pick up out of the garbage and float over. So you guys came up with a song, a little ditty. Our guitar player in this is actually a Cuban. Cuban dude. And he had to sit through us doing this. Rexy. Alright so, alright it's a song about Cubans finding stuff to float to America. He helped on the vocals. Yeah. He was in there doing that. So this is the disclaimer so when we get all the Cubans mad at us... We actually had a Cuban. We'll be okay. Yeah, tell your complaints to Rex. He's Cuban. Okay. Alright well this is... That makes me want to do the swing. Wow. Oh my goodness. I kind of forgot how that song went. I can smell the complaint letters coming in. I guess shove a motor up her ass, use her as a bug. How was that? I guess my chances of running for any political office are pretty well. Nick's style. I'll have to that one. Oh man. Well that's a great little song you guys came up with. That's great. Yeah. Thank you. That's Rock God and the Cuban Drown song. I have no idea who did that song actually. But Rex your guitar player is Cuban. Yeah he's Cuban. Is that the disclaimer? He wrote the whole thing. He did. Oh okay. He played it all on him. It's in his biography. It's a true story. Actually he co-wrote it with Fidel Castro. Yeah. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. He decided to take phase two into his hands and he passed out 300 flyers today all over Midtown that said, check it out, Opie and Anthony, a talk show that's fun. Give them a chance. It's worth the laugh. Monday through Friday, 3 to 7 on 1027 WNEW FM. Problem is not one person called that got the flyers today. Geez. Now do we believe he really did that? Yeah. I'm not comfortable for the outcome. All right. Well, you made the effort and we appreciate that. That's right. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. I'm going to go to bed. Well, this one on, we wrote this one a while ago when, who was it? David Crosby. David Crosby was getting his liver transplanted. Getting his liver. Oh, that one. Yeah. Okay, great. Eh? You, who's a bloated load that had to go for a liver transplant. Drink, drink like a fish. Your bile duct has turned to cement. It's dented black and blue and gray. Turn your liver to pate. A useless lump of clay. You've got cirrhosis. It's a fun little ditty, right? About cirrhosis of the liver, Opie? That's right. That's a cute number. What a mess we got going on today. It's fun, right? Yes, it is. Sure it is. Hey, don't forget, Monday morning during the Dave Herman Rock and Roll Morning Show, we will auction off a field box seat tickets to the first two Yankee playoff games. Wow. And then we'll all proceeds go to the Children's Health Fund. Games are Tuesday and Wednesday. All right, so make sure you listen to Dave Herman Monday. All right. Hey, speaking of baseball real fast, did you see the clip of Ted Kennedy on the news last night? What a moron. He was talking about the home run race with Mark McGuire and Sammy Sosa. And he called Mark McGuire Mike. So he goes, I want to congratulate Mike McGuire. Mike McGuire. And Sammy Sassa. Sammy Sassa and Mike McGuire. Sammy Sassy. Two fine football players. Is this guy lost or what? What a bloated mess. What has Ted Kennedy had that Bill Clinton wishes he had? A dead girlfriend. The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW Marcy Playgrounds Sex and Candy. It's Opie and Anthony. Let me try that. And Anthony. The Rock of New York WNEW. It's Marcy Playgrounds Sex and Candy. Wow, look at him. That's great. Trying it out for your job, Opie. Did you actually have to live with this guy for how many years? Many years. He's out of your house? Many years. And this wasn't anything because quite frankly I had a hard time in Elwood Junior High because he had the distinction of being the first guy ever caught with pot in Elwood Junior High. I got busted, dude. He did. I got busted. It was such a dopey story too. Mr. Gyg. Mr. Gyg. Remember he ran out onto the playground. I was sitting out there with all my friends showing off my nickel bag. And Mr. Gyg ran out and snatched it from my hands but not before I could eat it. He ate it. He ate the contents of the bag. So I had all kinds of green stuff swimming around my teeth and Mr. Gyg asked me, what's that in your mouth? I said, it's oregano from my pizza pie because it was right outside the lunch room. It was on my toes, man. Thank you. Junior High. Hey, Anthony, you've got to tell the pot story. Oh, because I was a goody two shoes. Anthony played with microscopes and Joe played with bongs. Joe was smoking weed and stuff. And I remember the teachers all after this happened because it was a huge deal. Like, oh my God, pot in Elwood Junior High. He made a microscope out of a bong. So the teachers were coming up to me and taking me aside. You know, is there anything you need? Any help? Like they thought I was going to automatically become this big pothead because of Joe. But I had many years of being a nerd. I went home one day across the street in the woods from our house. It was a lot. Yeah, a little lot. And I find pot plants. And I'm talking about Kona Bud that had been cared for and nurtured for months and months and months. It was getting close to harvest time. But the Suffolk County Police Department came to the school like a week before and showed us what pot looked like. So I'm walking through the woods and I see pot. I'm like, oh, it's pot. This is marijuana. Now you have to remember that this pot was not mine. It wasn't Anthony. It was the big kids that live next door. And I'm talking about guys that have been in and out of the joint, bikers. There were all kinds of like really nasty dudes living next door. Go on, Ann. So I uproot the plant. Oh, no. I take them home. Now, in the meantime, I'm in the kitchen, stone to the bejesus belt. I'm sitting down at the kitchen table sucking on a bowl of fruit loops or something. And Anthony comes walking through the door. My mom is washing the dishes. Anthony comes walking through the door with two lovely bouquets of nearly mature Kona Bud. Look, Mom. Marijuana. Yeah, like I'm going to like affect the drugs that are killing our country. The spoon fell from my mouth with several fruit loops. He knew where they came from. My mother turned around. She looked at it. She goes, take it out in the back and crush it up. So there I was in the backyard on a cement patio grinding every single leaf into oblivion, just grinding it with my shoe. As Joe looked on like one of those. In horror. One of those dogs with the big eyes and the velvet paintings out the window. He's just looking like, no, no. And then like a half hour later, I looked out the backyard and I just see him on his knees trying to find anything, a stem. Taking up a stem. And somebody got the living crap kicked out of him because obviously they were accused of stealing the plant. Well, no. What happened was the big guys came to me. Where's our pot, Joe? Where's our where did our plants go, Joe? Uh, my brother took them. No, no, no, no. I covered your ass. Thank you, Joe. I was in his honest voice. I could as I could muster. I said, Ralph, fast, you know, Lee, who was Ralph? He took it. He's some guy that he's since he's since died. Oh, he did? Yeah. I'm sure. Reckless. All right. Paper trails ended. Yeah, yeah. That's it. You'll never get caught. That's a good pot story. Your whole family was a mess, though. What about your uncle? My uncle, Joe, had pot plants that were they were like redwood trees. From the second story bathroom, we lived in a cape. And from the second story bathroom, you could see the buds peeking up from like a window sill. There was an East Islip and we had a cop living next door, a police sergeant living next door. My uncle, who is my mother's brother, had my mother bamboozled into thinking, no, it's a basal oregano hybrid. I'm developing like like he's working for the Department of Agriculture. I was spreading it on the pizza pie and throwing it in the family Sunday sauce. But they were huge. And my father showed up. Yeah, he didn't live with you. I know. No, no. Horrible story of divorce and heartbreak for children. But he shows up and he's like, what the hell? They're 10 feet tall pot plants doing in the backyard. We're talking 20 of them. There had to be 20 of them. What are you doing? They're going to take the kids away if police find you with plants in the backyard. The police are living next door at this point. And my mother, misknowledgeable about everything. Oh, Joe, you stupid ass. It's basal oregano hybrid. Don't you know anything? Basal oregano. Let me call the cops and tell them about this basal oregano hybrid. There were a whole lot of people coming in to see Uncle Joe about copping some of that basal oregano hybrid. Walking out with huge plastic bags. I never understood why people would trade perfectly good Fender Stratocaster guitars and Marshall amps for basal oregano. Something you could get for nothing at the supermarket. But for some reason they're very interested in Uncle Joe's basal oregano. Maybe they were just shopping for Bertucci's or something. Yeah, Uncle Joe had the best basal oregano. Oh, that's classic. All right, stick around. On the way we got the latest from Hole and Led Zeppelin next. 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York as you cruise around town. That's Hole Celebrity Skin, title track from Courtney Love's new CD. Joe was jamming to that, huh? Rock. The acoustic version without the boobs. All right, don't try to sing about it. We're just about out of here, I guess, huh? Yeah, we just got one more little ditty for the ladies. All right, well, let me thank everyone before we leave people with this song, okay? We've got to thank Rick for producing the show today. We've got to thank Mike for stopping by from Elmont. You had a good time, Mike? I had a full, fellas. Thanks a lot. The only reason Mike was in the studio is because he's helping spread the word about the Opie and Anthony show. We didn't know him from a hole in the wall until he started passing out flyers about our show. Mike, cool! Nobody called. They caught the flyer. So next time, we'll just have to make a thousand of them. Yeah, thank you very much. There you go. And a little challenge to the rest of the faithful listeners out there. If you come up with a very creative way to spread the word about the Opie and Anthony show, you too could sit where Mike is sitting and watch the operation, watch where the tragic happens. Yeah, exactly. And Mike didn't have to sit in the Skank Whore chair. No, we have that firmly entrenched in the back of the console. Good things crawling on that chair. It is. Yes, we also got to thank Joe, Anthony's brother, for stopping by. You guys don't have to thank me. I know. We're all hanging out for the next few hours. We're going to hang out. All right. And Matt Devotee's up next. We'll see you guys on the radio, what, Monday at 3 and Go Mets Go. Anthony and Joe will end the show here. This is for the ladies, you know, what all us guys like for the weekend. Here we go. One, two, three. Give us a Lewinsky. Give us, give us a Lewinsky. Give us, last night you fell asleep. But I want to sink it deep. It feels so cool when you start to drool. But please just watch the teeth. Give us a Lewinsky.