 Because it's still well give us a reason The reason is I need to find with one of you guys so that means have sex with us No, just eat with you guys. Are you kind of hot? Well, I'm good looking like that. No, no like a what does that matter? Oh, I go for looks I'm not gonna sit here and make believe it Oh, do you like big ass unless you see that when we do me if you want to meet me I should say everyone that I've met in radio likes what they think. Oh, they love what they see They do the radio guys I pretty much met every single radio station to talk a on the FM in New York City Which they'll all say they made some number one market and how many of them have you done? Really now who have you had sex with? No, yeah, well, you know we like hearing this really yeah who else I went to KTU How it's done his morning show that was kind of cool and I've had sex with some female jocks Yeah, I'm not I don't feel like being part of the list. Sorry No, no, we're gonna have to pass on the radio for girl 27 WNEW the rock of New York to for Tuesday with REM Don't go back to Rockville off reckoning and shiny happy people from out of time new Remcd coming in October, but the boys will not be touring in support of the album. Unfortunately, why I think Well, I think they'll pop up from in a few areas with a few live dates I'm sure but I think they're not gonna go for a full-fledged tour in this moment in time. Anyway, so It's open Anthony. We are still waiting for livestock to show up through the any W studios for the Pearl Jam tickets, Anthony This is an easy contest, right? I thought it would be easy It's a you come down to the any W studios with some livestock a pig Goat cow chicken and we'll give you Pearl Jam tickets. It's simple as that Yeah, maybe we should send Rick down to the the bottom. Maybe they won't let the the farm animals into the building Maybe we're having a problem. Yeah, well let them on the elevator If you might just so I got a cow up here, that would be pretty cool That would be but you also have another way to win the Pearl Jam tickets. You got to bring us a celebrity Yeah So it's either bring us livestock or bring us a celebrity for the tickets to see Pearl Jam easy Hottest ticket in town and for the people out there going there's no way in the world You guys are gonna get livestock down to the any W studios Well, if it doesn't happen all the tickets that we have today is gonna carry over for tomorrow's contest Because we have like five pairs a day. We're giving away here. All right. Yeah, actually there's a guy in the line He's got an interesting idea what he's got some eggs and he's got a voluptuous woman She was voluptuous Voluptuous voluptuous woman Alright, she's got big hooters This guy wants to do a little experiment he wants to bring the girl down with the eggs Okay And he wants to put like the eggs in her bosom and see if they'll hatch before seven o'clock for the Pearl Jam tickets That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever come on why is it ridiculous hatch eggs like that I've heard it done before And we are looking for the livestock So if the technically if the eggs hatch in this girl's bosom, right she would win the Pearl Jam tickets Hi any W. What do you got? Okay, I got I got eggs. All right, I got naked lady a naked girl with you Yeah, bring them up But am I gonna get my Pearl Jam tickets, I don't know if the eggs hatch yes, you will get them Wait, you really have eggs and a naked girl and she's gonna try to hatch the eggs. I can do that How big are her breasts? Big enough incubator egg in under ten minutes. Oh Perfect. Come on out. We'll give it a try. I'll see if I can make it there I gotta get a taxi right now. All right, you got to get up here immediately But I'm downtown on what's fourth Street. Well get jumping a cab All right. All right, man. Okay. Now that is something I want to say All right, there's something sick and twisted about that. But I'm coming you got your digital camera. Hopefully. Yes, I do Okay, very good So hopefully the guy with the the naked lady and the eggs will show up before the show is over so we can check that out Okay. Oh on the way we got two first from the cars and Led Zeppelin next day there One oh two seven WNAW the Rock in New York to the Tuesday with the cars. Don't you stop and shake it up It's opi and it's Anthony. Hey, and it's a very very sad day Ronald Reagan's dog died Yes Well, he was the best damn Phone I ever had no no no he was what yes. No, mr. President. Yes, sir. He was your pet He wasn't your phone that was a Fine shoe He I used to take him with me everywhere in the bathtub and to Jupiter When we yes, hello, mr. Gorbachev Tear down that hair weave No, no your dog's name I'm a little rascal in my little rascal Hello. Yes here Rex Nancy Why isn't Rex moving? No, right Rex is dead. He's very he's tired today because we were out playing on the Out in the Rose Garden yesterday and well, he's a little tired old no, no, no bingo You haven't been to Washington in many years Yeah, your dog was 13 years old and he's now dead. We're on the communist menace must be stopped and well But who well well was a good Here Katie Katie Rex. Wait, wait, wait. Yes while we have you in the in the studio of president What do you think of Clinton and the sexcapades in the Oval Office? You would have never done anything like that, right? No, no, I think I think Kennedy's doing a fine job I know someday when I become president Where's Rex Rex is dead and see and and Kennedy's not in the office anymore. Yes, it's Clinton They both do broads, but Kenny was banging Kenny was banging Starlin's very good abroad When I traveled abroad, all right. All right brought peace to where the hell was that? Well, where's Spot well, well, we go. Well, mr. President and she is I got let me just say this into the microphone No, no, no the microphones over here. Let's hello. Yeah right there stay right there operator No, no, no, yes, what? Okay. Listen listen closely. Okay. Yes. I got the phone number of your vice president Who Herbert Hoover? That's my George Bush who went on to be president obviously I got here We will win me and George Bush in 1980. I guarantee no no no no no no no What listen listen listen yes, okay, I got his phone number his office phone number Would you like to talk to George Bush? Yes, please. Maybe he can console you over the loss of your dog Rex. Where's Rex? He's not lost put George through. All right. Well, it's ringing. So Well start talking I think Hello. Hello. Hi, this is Ronald Reagan. I'd like to speak with George, please Is there something I can help you with sir, he isn't Kenny Buntport Maine out of the office Well, could I have that number then please? two zero seven six five zero Thank you, you're welcome. Oh my god You gotta be kidding me George Bush Hi, this is Ronald Reagan. Can I speak with George, please? He is not here today. Can I take a message? Well, you have a number where he can call you back. No, well, he knows my number. I just Well, I guess I'll try back, you know when he'll be in he's traveling all day today and and we'll be back in the office tomorrow Okay, I'll try then. Thank you. Okay Oh Thought I was gonna be able to find Rex Yes George Bush was a fine man. When did you say he passed on? Wait, wait, wait. Can I have Anthony back for a second? Mr. President. Yes. Hello Anthony Anthony Anthony Anthony He talked to the States of America, what is that woman insane? He just came out his private number Kenny Buntport. Oh my god Do you realize how close we were we're gonna have to try that again tomorrow, man That is unbelievable. That impression is so unbelievable that off our CD demented world Yeah, we called the Reagan Library once in California and they completely bought that they were yeah Okay to the ex-president of the United States. Yeah, cuz Nancy was showing up the next day Yes, and I kept asking the well Reagan kept asking where's mommy? Yeah. Yeah, and Like she's gonna be here tomorrow actually a president. You know, we haven't played that call in a very long time We'll try to get it on before the end of the show It's priceless in honor of Rex his dog Yes, and we're gonna try these numbers again and see if we get the ex-president on the on the air today Here's fun. All right super Tuesday up next we got two from Creed stay there 1027 w-a-w the rock of New York super Tuesday with two from the debut CD from Creed That's what's this life for and my own prison It's open Anthony Creed coming to town with fuel September 15th to Roseland It's gonna be a very very good show and maybe we could get the boys in the imaginary Ballroom to play a couple of those diddies for us that'd work. That would be very cool. Yeah. All right Um, wow a lot of things going on here today We almost talked to the ex-president of the United States of America by accident close maybe tomorrow Yeah, maybe tomorrow we do get some numbers now if you were listening a little while ago Anthony went into his Reagan impression, which is absolutely amazing how good that one is Thank you and we called the office of George Bush and he wasn't there and the secretary gave us his private number and that's something in Kenny Bunkport and Just by the luck of the draw he wasn't in Kenny Bunkport when we called so we Try maybe tomorrow or later on in the show to get him on the whole Some bush could you imagine if he's on the line and he thinks he's talking to Reagan That'd be pretty huge scare me. Yeah Secret Service will come and wrestle me to the ground Also, we got tons of Pearl Jam tickets still left here. Mm-hmm gave all our tickets away yesterday today We are looking for livestock and a bunch of people are on their way down here But so far no one has arrived with the livestock or the celebrity you believe it No livestock and no celebrity no and if we don't get anyone to come by with the livestock or the celebrities today We will just carry over all these tickets tomorrow till tomorrow. Yes, they will have like ten pairs to give away tomorrow But for today, I mean you still have an hour and 20 minutes we're looking for either a live chicken a live goat a live mule a live cow or a live pig of the large smelly variety by the way, no guinea pigs the guy that came by before with a dice and That didn't qualify as a celebrity no, he turned him away actually dice just kind of hangs out in our lobby anyway And it was almost livestock cuz he's a jackass He just kind of hangs on the lobby hoping we would put him on the air but every once a while we'll throw him I know we don't put him on though, but no no no not today dice. No, no No, no, no No Thank you, we don't need him today. Thanks a lot Oh, you could bring by a bona fide celebrity and we'll give you what tickets to Pearl Jam Mm-hmm, but we got to make sure it's a real slow real one And also supposedly a guy's down coming down here with a girl in eggs girls gonna get naked. She's gonna put the eggs in her Breast and try to hatch them and try to hatch the eggs for Pearl Jam tickets So that way it'll be livestock. Yeah, these little chickens. Yes, he called he's stuck in traffic, but he's gonna try to make it down as well So hey, we got stockbroker Dave on the line. Oh explaining the day's events. Yes stock market closed 288 points up Let's see what he has to say here stockbroker Dave Well, first of all, I mean Anthony want to bow to you Why a couple weeks ago? You said that the market was gonna be in trouble in the very near future and look what happened yesterday Even a broken clock is right twice a day No, no, yeah but listen There was a guy that called yesterday and he wants to personally thank you because of your advice you gave a couple weeks ago in Our show he got all his money out of the market and saved a bloody fortune I swear to you. So is he gonna buy me a drink? He wants your number All right, so the stock market closed 288 up up to 88 on 1.2 billion. What are you thinking? What are you thinking? What's in your mind right now? Conquer and I'm thinking about the three martinis in the ten bond is so good Yeah, next couple of days gonna be Traded between 7500 8000 till anybody get the clue what the hell's going on What does the future look like like down the road a little ways more with the Asia and Russia and turmoil Anthony this is down. We got hit pretty good Yeah Take to go back in the water. I mean your bottom here is 70 300 You think that's a good buying opportunity? Yeah, I know I just got to figure out what they are I got like $200 now I can invent Everything that sound does come back. That's true I mean, but then you take a look at Microsoft now the good times at Microsoft Dell that was a little bit down $30 Yeah, it's gotta go back. It's gotta go back up. Cool. Now Dave You're still in for the $290 if the girls shows are breast on the day show I can't believe nobody showed you any livestock today, but definitely somebody would come up with a great kid And you believe that I don't know where I'll be grew up in Mississippi in the 60s The last time they were called colored folk was before they turned the hoses on I understand what I'll be saying colored I didn't know what to say That was gonna be neck I didn't say that But not David still waiting for someone to come by with some livestock for the Pearl Jam take it cool I say hello to a friend of mine is pretty sick guys. Yeah hit it My partner Patty Diggins loves his dad very much and he's not doing too well, but mr. Diggins We all love you and we hope you get better. All right, appreciate that boys. All right, David We gotta let you fly for now One oh two seven w-n-e-w the rock of New York to for Tuesday with Billy Idol It's Opie and Anthony and we have some livestock in the studio If you're just tuning in we're asking people to come on by the any W studios with some form of livestock To win tickets to see Pearl Jam and Gil has arrived with a baby Duck, it's a little baby duckling Gil. Where did you get this baby duck? I got it from a live poetry on in the Bronx and Jerome Avenue You got a little duckling in the Bronx is selling Ducklings in the Bronx, huh? Yeah, I'm giving them a little drink. Oh, how cute it is. It's very cute All right. Well, you're doing with this thing when you're done with it. Yeah, what are you are you gonna do? No neck snapping. No, I'm always like I'll give it to my lady cousins so they can play around with it Play around with it that doesn't sound good a little guy you're gonna have Pete on her ass in a minute here But all right. Well, you're gonna win the tickets to see Pearl Jam our first winner of the day, huh Ben? Wow All right you still have an hour to come on by with either a celebrity a known celebrity or a other is or a Another form of livestock before seven o'clock. Let me see this thing. I haven't even seen it yet Here's the box. So be careful I Drop the box on the sound. Yeah, I did but it turned out okay actually so all right Well, we got to thank Gil for coming on by with the little duckling I waited man, and I think the big duck just molested the little duck and I think that's very illegal somewhere in the world We have we have your phone number, right? Yes Okay, I want to call this guy Before the concert and I want to hear this duck cheaping into the phone or you're not going to the concert. I Don't want you doing any shenanigans. Oh, look at you cuties drink Look at him. He's very cute. He's fuzzy. What a fun. I don't want anything happening to the poor little guy All right, that's fine. But you don't have to act like a little puss I just don't like you little ducklings. I'll eat them when they get older, but they're cute when they're small Look at them. I look now the girls are in And they're all saying how cute he is these girls will kick your ass if anything happens to his duckling. All right Any cute? Oh, I hate when girls make little noises when they see a little pet All right, well Gil congratulations, I think you got the tickets to Pearl Jam, right you think or am I gonna have as long you better As long as nothing happens that's doc. You'll be all right as long as nothing that'll be hell to pay. All right Thank you And they're getting any veteran out there and tell the crowd to beat you to a pulp that he feels about animals and everyone else has About 55 minutes to get more livestock down to the studio to claim their Pearl Jam tickets on the way I don't even know what we're doing that. Oh, we'll do two from Tom Petty stay there He's no 27 w-n-e-w the Rock of New York two for Tuesday with Tom Petty into the great wide open and don't come around Here no more it's opiate Anthony egg You got 45 minutes left to come by with some more livestock to claim your tickets to see the sold-out Pearl Jam show Yeah, all right. It's opiate Anthony like I said and I hope I hope he's a nice to that duck Well, we had Gil come by and he found a duck in the Bronx not a duck actually a duckling duckling. It was like About four inches long. Yes, look cute little fuzzy yellow duck head Little duck bill and he just peeped you're such a plus What did you get so sensitive? Baby animals are cute and I don't like to think that he's a oh, please, you know two steps out the elevator He's pulling the old snap the neck and you know off the Pearl Jam well, I don't want to see that happen either, but you're just such a puss you talking about because I I Hope that no harm comes to a little baby animal This brave radio DJ in in New York with all these pretty sick edgy opinions That's a matter and you're and you're over a box with a duckling inside go I was talking to the little doc and hitting it and stuff. I was embarrassed. Hey, I eat veal What come on once you go put a tutu on me. Oh, shut up. He was cute. He was a baby duck What am I supposed to do? What are you gonna go home and like pet your little duckling and watch Titanic and cry and put the Celine Dion sound yeah That's exactly what I'm gonna do. Right, right. Wait, what would you have me do hit him with a rock? What he was sitting there peeping I'm looking at him scratches little head. So so it you like duck It was cute a little duckling. You're like little ducklings. Yeah. Okay, so I gotta ask you a question What does that make I gotta ask you a question is why okay? What did you have for dinner over the weekend? Well, I don't know I don't remember no no, yeah, what did you have for dinner over the weekend? I guess Friday I had steak had a big steak. Uh, that was good. You had nothing else for dinner over the weekend Saturday um Anthony the sensitive one that's petting and and cooing over a little duckling you had nothing else to eat this past weekend I don't know what you're talking about. You sure? Yeah, you're positive positive Are you positive yeah, uh-huh. I don't remember I probably you know, just have like sandwiches or something maybe pizza All right. Why what are you getting at? I'm getting at something What I got I got a friend of yours on hold here where over there. I can't figure out how to get him on the air here All right, really yeah, what does he say? Huh? He said it I'll put him on next I guess Oh, come here. How do I get this phone on the air? I screwed up a button here You sure you sure I'm sure that you only had steak for dinner this weekend Yeah steak and I'm pizza and pizza I remember okay Uh-huh, and you were cooing over the little the duckling in the studio, right? It's cute Randy. Hello Randy. Hi Don't don't curse we got you live in the air. Okay, Randy one of Anthony's very good friends Yeah, we were hanging out this weekend. No, ran. Did you hear Anthony cooing over the little duckling? Yeah, it's very cute. All right now tell the always a cute little duckling now Randy tell the whole world what Anthony had for dinner Over the weekend Sunday night. He had a Mandarin duck And he said it was delicious Right cuz it's full grown Damn, we have brown sauce and mushrooms. It was like really good You know Anthony the little ones are so much more tender duckling McNuggets I turning me in Randy Sorry, all right, thanks. Okay. I got you You're such a loser. It was a duck Blame not a full-grown. I'll forget it to for Tuesday coming back with two from Soundgarden One oh two seven WNEW the Rock in New York two for Tuesday with Soundgarden burden in my hand and black hole son It's opiate Anthony. We're having a lot of fun today. Lots going on on the show today. Certainly is We got to get back into this Reagan thing Yes Where's my puppy? Well, it all started we read in the paper that Reagan lost his dog Rex Adam fight He didn't years and where did I put him? Probably with my mind Nancy Want to go through this thing no one's no one's eating the dog food I put out is this what Nancy goes through every day You think yes trying to like get a Conversation going with you. Mr. Reagan. Do she who the hell's Nancy? Anyway, we decided to call George George Bush's office as the president and The George Bush wasn't there but they gave us his private number in Kenny bunk for anybody for So then Reagan called there and they pretty much told him to call back tomorrow. He'll be there. Yeah We're gonna try that tomorrow. We'll try tomorrow But search the point I'm trying to make here This isn't the first time that we pulled one over on somebody, you know when you did your Reagan impersonation Yes, and a bunch of people have called in to to hear this again off our CD Domain of World. Well For me, it'll be hearing it the first time Can't quite remember when I first heard it Halfway through you may have to start it again. Okay, we could do that for you. Mr. President, but yeah, we have residents here Hey, what do you think of Monica Lewinsky mr. President, he's a fine man and he'll make a great secretary of state Okay. Thank you Anyway offer CD Domain of World a CD by the way, you can't buy in New York for some reason Great record company we got sells everywhere else in the country, but the place where at and broadcasting from You can't find the thing. I would kill to be on like k-tail records at this point I want to be on Rhino records or something. We're on screw them good and hard But so if you can find the CD it's it's filled with some laughs good luck finding it It's called opium Anthony's meta world and there was another time that Reagan Pulled one over on someone it was the time he called his own library in California the Reagan library looking for his wife Nancy check this out 27 WNEW the wreck of New York on two for Tuesday finishing up our show with two and Jimi Hendrix voodoo child with the slight return And the wind cries Mary Sophie and Anthony just about out the door I gotta thank Gil Eber of Jersey for bringing by the baby duckling that Anthony fell in love with shut up Shut up you did I thought it was a very cute little duckling. Yes fall in love with yeah Yeah, I'm gonna have a bestiality sex with a duck. Oh, I picture you're going home with the little duckling You got you're gonna have had a lot of fantasies. They're gonna pet it you're gonna put on your little pink tutu You're gonna put it on your Titanic video. They just bought you probably stayed You know was online last night at midnight with all the other Lovely ladies to get the Titanic video and you can have a lovely night tonight this making you hot talking about me like this To tell you the truth. I never think of you in a pink tutu You could think of me like that all you want whatever gets you off Hey, the listeners agree with me today. You showed your very sensitive side today. It was very scary You were petting the little duckling and and cooing and worrying about its cooing. Did I ever go? I What did I do I do that again why I'm not doing it again So I I Pet a little baby duck then you of you were worried about its welfare And then I just didn't want the guy snapping its neck when he got off the elevator and then a little later on in the show We found out that you had duck for dinner And it's a grown duck and they taste very good. I just don't want a little baby duck I Killed so this guy could get pearl jam tickets, but it's okay if the duck grows up and then it's killed Yeah, and have it. Yeah, that's all I don't care Right as long as they're cute Cute animals don't kill kill the ugly animals. That's fine. Kill the ugly and that's fine with that. Okay, like cow veal I don't care put them in the box. Oh tenderize them. Yeah. Yeah, you're the same person. Oh forget it I'm not a militant animal rights activist. I don't even like animal rights Mass because when you go to a little duckling on beep beep beep at you. What are you gonna do? Drop a brick on it, huh? I don't know There he is He's just cute little duck thing You're an idiot Cuz you're the same guy. I am the same guy's what that goes to the restaurant and not only does Anthony order veal Mm-hmm. He likes to make sure the whole restaurant knows he's ordering veal having veal Veal here and every waitress gives you that look like I know it's on the menu, but do you have to order it? So time for the food chain Pally I understand sure if an alien came down here and found us tasty we'd be flambéed too Just so happened that this time and place we are the top of the food chain something walks in front of me I'll eat it I was a duckling McNugget wasn't quite big enough to chow down on So I didn't think the guy should you know snap its neck or anything, okay, that's all right Well, but you don't find little animal baby animals cute. They're all right. They're all right. Let's take them out. You're warped man Who wouldn't think a little baby animal would be cute? It was it was cool to say yeah So you look at it you tap its little head it opens its little bill I was feeding them water dude You were talking to the thing and petting it I was just saying you want some water and putting it on my finger and he was deep and feel like drinking the water off Oh, yeah, that makes me a homo. I didn't say I heard you I heard you I said nothing fine tell all the guys at the glory home when you visit tonight. What makes you a homo? What saying that a duck is cute or? What you what you're gonna be doing pickles? You go on the dance club tonight Butler anyway Like a duck okay, well yeah, we got to congratulate kill from Jersey for bringing by the duck Yeah, thanks, Anthony fell in love with yeah fell in love with it. Yeah, we're getting married marrying a duck Well anyways, you know what rhymes with doc Opie Take that and you at the end of it. Okay, duck you okay. Go duck yourself very good. You're a ducking idiot Very nice. I like that. Okay good Also got to congratulate Nick from New York Nick Mera Mira some like that He won the Pearl Jam tickets to give them away Pearl Jam tickets all week long on the open Anthony show and Tomorrow, I think we're gonna use the phone because there's a lot of people outside Manhattan that wants it. They want to change. Yeah tickets, too. So we'll come up with some fun phone game They don't like the fact that they have to come down here Well, I understand that it's tough and we want to make it fair for everyone So tune in tomorrow at 3 to find out what you got to do tomorrow to win the Pearl Jam tickets very good Okay