 Soapy, it's Anthony. Hey, where's your headphones? We're ready to broadcast here. I'm ready. I'm ready. This is professional radio, the number one market in the entire world and you don't even have headphones. I just took off the computer. We were in a meeting until 3.05. Yeah, we've got to get out of those meetings a lot earlier. I know. We've got to entertain people. We don't have time. Or at least try to entertain people. Take a whack at it. Take a whack at it, yes. Overnight ratings for the Opie and Anthony show, we gained 75 listeners yesterday. How many did we kick off? We lost 52, but we're on the positive side for the first time in a long, long time. I'm feeling good. Feeling good. Thursday. All right. Okay. Could someone get him headphones? What's the matter? I don't know. Do I sound weird? Yeah. Can you hear me? Shut up. Yes, I can hear you. All right. No, don't show him those pictures. Look at these old Opie pictures. Look at you. You look like a little kid. I was a little kid. That's 10 years ago when I was working in Buffalo. Little ski bunnies. Nice. Let me see those pictures. I haven't seen them in a while. Pictures on the radio. Yeah, this is great radio. Yeah, there's me. Yeah, spend your time looking at your pictures. That's great. This is when I used to get laid. Did you bag any of those chicks? Actually, yeah. This one, all three of these. All three of them? Come on. Opie was a real Casanova back in the old days. Yeah, I don't know what happened. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a picture of you. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a picture of you. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a picture of you. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a picture of you. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a picture of you. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a picture of you. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a picture of you. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a picture of you. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a picture of you. I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a picture of you. Unusual job. Well, there's this one guy, his job, he makes music for porno movies. That's easy. That's very easy. Just kind of lay down that jazzy guitar sound. Maybe a sax in the background. It's so cool because what he and his buddy do, they put porn magazines all over their apartment. It inspires them. And it inspires them and then they just jam and they come up with some cool music for pornos. That's a good job. Can you imagine having that job? That would be great. That's a good one. Also in Time Out magazine, there's a guy, his whole job is to hang out in luxury hotels and critique them. That's a good job too. He goes incognito and he checks out hotels and decides what they need to do to improve their service. Another guy, all day long, he's a model spotter. What the hell is that? He looks at 500 different people a day, goes to like 10 night clubs a night just to find that next hot face. All right. That's his job. That's a cool job to hang out in bars and look at hot women and stuff. Sure. Take their picture. And then there's the punter for the Jets. That's an unusual job. If you ever thought about what a punter actually does, according to this article, he needs to know four plays. The rest of the team has to memorize like 60 plays for the season. The punter has four plays. So while everyone else is practicing and stuff, the guy just kicks the ball all day long. That's his job. And if you think about it, it's got to get boring after a while. It's almost like he's not even playing football. No. Like he's thrown in there like the halftime attraction. Pretty much. And then it goes on. There's jobs that you don't want. Like there's a guy who's an understudy for the musical Cats, but he never really gets to go on stage. He gets to go on stage maybe once a week. Sometimes he gets sick. But then there's this guy, look at this, his job, he's a body waxer. He takes hair. He removes hair from like guys and stuff. And he talks about how he takes hair out from their scrotum and stuff. But that's what he does for a living. Can you imagine? You got to remove hair from guys. That's your job. And then it goes on. There's another one. Crime scene photographer. That sounds pretty cool. It is pretty cool. But this guy says why it's not cool. And I don't want to get into it because it involves kids. But his job is to take pictures of crime scenes, which is an unusual job. Now I mention all these because I'm thinking, Time Out magazine did a great job on that article and stuff. But I think we could find more unusual jobs out there. Unusual. Yes. All right. And maybe we could give Pearl Jam tickets away to this. We once again will be the sole judges as to who has the most unusual job. And you've got to prove it too. Because you can make up something, but somehow you're going to have to prove it to win the Pearl Jam tickets. I think there should be two categories today. Worst job, the worst job in the New York area, and we'll crown a champion, and the most unusual job in the New York area. Okay. All right. So if you think you're worthy enough to get in on that contest, give us a call. 212-757-1027. I know the phones are going to ring like crazy, so if you have a hard time getting through, please just keep trying. Or maybe you could fax us the info and we'll call you back. 212-957-WNEW. Or maybe you could even use the Instant Feedback if you're hooked up online right now. Mew.com. Just click on our picture. Yeah. It's self-explanatory, right? Yeah, you get there. All right, cool. On the way, a song we haven't played in a while, Golden Earring and Harvey Danger, by request. Next. Dave Matthews Band, what would you say on the Rock of New York? 1027-WNEW. You're hanging with OP and Anthony. We got more tickets to see Pearl Jam today. We've been doing it all week long. And today we're looking for two categories. We're looking for the most unusual job in the New York area, and we're looking for the worst job in the New York area. And the winner of both categories will win a pair of tickets to see Pearl Jam. And it's going to get really hard to get a hold of us because the phones are going crazy because everyone thinks their job is the worst. So I would suggest you just keep calling until you get through to us, 212-757-1027. Or easier ways you can fax us with the info and we'll call you back, 212-957-WNEW. Or you can do the instant feedback by clicking on our pictures through the WNEW website. Yes. And we'll get that instantly. So let's go to the phones and see what we can get here. Hi, NEW. Hey, what's up, guys? What's up? What's your job? We set headstones in cemeteries and we open mausoleum-put bodies in. Pretty cool, man. You put the bodies in the mausoleums. There you go. Do you smoke a lot of dope before you do that? I don't know, man. Yeah. Um, yeah. Oh, maybe. Okay. So what's the strangest thing you've seen at your line of work? Well, we were in a mausoleum once and the body came falling out. A body fell out? Yeah, because there ain't caskets, but the box opened and it came right out. It was pretty nasty. So what'd you do? Ran. It stinks, man. Yeah, really? That'll freak you out. It stinks. All right, I guess we've got to start somewhere, Rob and Pat. Yeah, what'd you say? You guys are in the running. All right, cool, B. All right, man. Thanks. I do believe we could beat that. Yeah. We've got a guy here, Mike B., on the Instant Feedback. My stinking job is to impregnate cows. This involves sticking my arm up to my shoulder, you know where, and inserting the bull sperm. Come on. And call them Mike Stinky Fist B. Do we have his phone number? Yeah. All right, we've got to talk to Mike B. That's going to be a tough job to beat if that's actually true. And Chad from Jersey. Yeah? I've heard of this job before. The worst job I had was cleaning out the private booths at the Peep Show in Times Square by the splooge mob guy. Chad. Is that an actual job or is that just a... I think that's a rumor job. Like an urban legend job? Yeah, I don't think anybody really had that job. All right, if you do have an unusual job and you win the Pearl Jam tickets, you've got to prove that you actually do this job. You can't try to pull a fast one on us, all right? But we've got to try to get ahold of Mike, the cow guy. He sticks his arm up there. All right, and we've also got to talk about the serial killer in a little while. Oh yeah, that's a nice guy. I broke out my serial killer song too for today. I like it. It's a special occasion. As a matter of fact, we'll play that next time we're hanging, right? Kind of a country twang to it, huh? Yeah, I like it though. It's kind of cool. On the way also, we've got the latest from Sheryl Crow and David Bowie. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York with the latest from Sheryl Crow. That's my favorite mistake off her CD, The Globe Sessions. It's Opie and Anthony, and we're trying to give away tickets to see the sold-out Pearl Jam show. And we're looking for the worst job in the New York area or the most unusual job. Right, and both winners of those categories will win tickets to see Pearl Jam. Let's go to the phones. Jennifer, what's your job? I work for a mortician as a beautician and a manicurist. A mortician beautician. Yeah. So you make them look pretty for the funeral? Well, I make their fingernails look pretty. Oh, nice and shade of blue? Yes. You've got to hold a dead person's hand and paint their fingernails. Yes, but you know, I didn't get any key points. What is... But I didn't get any repeat customers either. That old gag. That old gag. What did it feel like? It was kind of weird. It felt like a rubber hand, like a cold rubber hand. Ah, come on. And you do this on a regular basis? I used to, yeah. Currently I'm working for an accountant. Oh, that's more exciting. Yes, it's real. Barely. Yeah. To step down, though, in personality. Uh-oh. Did you have to do their hair? Yes, and when I first went, my mom would poke them in the face and say, Look, look, they won't hurt you. Touch them. Oh, my God. Are they naked when you do it? No, they're all dressed, and then they're in their little casket with their pink chiffon on and, you know, satin blanket on them and all that. Have you guys ever taken a peek? No, but you know, I was tempted to jump in an empty casket and take a picture and send it to a person as a joke, but I didn't. You are dark, man. Wow. All right, Jennifer, hold on the line. I do believe you're in the lead. Really? Yes, hold on. All right. If you think you could beat Jennifer with an unusual job or the worst job in the New York area, give us a call and we'll get to you next, okay? He's a heebie-jeebie. Without a doubt. Reminds me of a serial killer guy. I was reading about the serial killer in the papers today, and for the first time in a very long time, I started dry heaving up there in Poughkeepsie. Yes. They found a load of bodies buried in this guy's yard and house and the basement. Well, the sickest part of the story, there was just an unbelievable odor coming from this house and he was living with his parents and his younger sister and no one questioned the smell coming from the walls of this house. Can you imagine? Could you imagine? It's only a few bodies. I'm asking if it stinks. At one time in all of our lives, we've had that pig sty that kind of smelled a little bit, but can you imagine the smell that came out of this house? Like dead animal. That's what it smells like. You ever have that? I'm getting a... Raccoon or something die in the chimney. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Or that mouse that died in the wall. Yeah. That's like a mouse. Picture a few people. They don't even know how many they're going to pull out of this house. They're up to eight, right? Yeah. Great. Only in New York. Home of the serial killers. Yeah, we've got a good one here. What is this? Maria Four now? Yeah, some good serial killers in New York. You ought to be proud. Well, I brought in the serial killer song today. We only play it on special occasions. We don't play it on any special occasions. We play it on special occasions. Yeah. Yeah. We play it on special occasions. Yeah. I guess today would be a great day to play the serial killer song, huh? And I got to say, it's nice to see somebody in the African American community getting involved in serial killing. I've often said that it's usually the white guys that are the kooks that go around killing these prostitutes and serial killers. It's kind of... The black guys, usually the gang bangers. Yeah. They have a reason maybe. Yeah. Whatever it is. You're stereotyping, but that's okay. Well, of course I am because it's the white guys that are the nuts sitting home. Mother, mother, she's a dirty whore. I have to kill her. She's dirty. But, you know, usually you don't see the black guys serial killing. No, not at all. So it's good. It gives me a feeling maybe we're finally getting unified here as people. We're crossing boundaries, Opie. Very nice. Are you ready for the serial killer song? Let's hear it. 27WNEW, the Rock in New York. You're hanging with Opie and Anthony. And once again today we got tickets to see the Sold Out Pearl Jam show. Came up with an interesting little ditty today to win the tickets. We're looking for two categories. We're looking for the worst job in New York and we're looking for the most unusual job in New York. Who was your worst? I was a dishwasher. That was it, huh? Well, that's it. I was a dishwasher at... Is this in between caddying when you were... Yeah, I had some hard working caddy. I had some unusual jobs but my worst job was at... Everyone washed dishes. At the Walt Whitman Mall in Huntington at the A&S. I washed dishes in the restaurant. All right. You think that's that? What did you do? I was working for Apollo Air Conditioning. They sent me on a job at a sewage treatment plant. I had to hang over a vat of excrement to hang a hood for a ventilation duct. Oh my God. I am not kidding. It was the most disgusting thing I ever had to do. I stunk like that for a week straight. Lovely. That was the worst job. Very good. Better than your dish washing. What's the matter? Dish pan hands? No, I can get into it but it's going to take 20 minutes. We've got like 10 people with unusual jobs on the phone lines. I'll talk about it in a little while though because there's a good story involved. I guess the person that's in the lead is the mortician beautician. Yeah. The girl that polishes the fingernails of bodies. Puts nail polish on the dead body. Does it matter when you're going to be putting the ground that your nails look nice? She does their hair with her mom. If you think you can beat that job, give us a call. 212-757-1027. Hi, what's up? What's your job? I own a grooming and waxing service for strippers. What do you mean for strippers? Actually, I'd service anyone but strippers are the majority of my clientele. You wax them? You give them those bikini waxers? It started as a joke. I was at a strip bar with my friends one night and we were talking about it. I was like, I should come up with this for a business. I ran up by a couple of strippers and they said it was a great idea. He makes up a job so he can see some of my Hitler mustaches. The thing is, it took off. I got all these people call me. I had to come up with a business card and stuff. What does your business card say? It says, Bill's grooming and waxing service and my slogan is, no muff too tough. It's just for an appointment. They call me and I got my number and I passed them out at strip bars. How are the girls wearing it these days? I don't like the landing strip. I don't like that look. I like to touch it up with a nice triangle. A nice, trim little triangle. A natural look but kept in control. Don't let Anthony fool you. He likes the 70s earth mama muck. Who are you kidding? I prefer the natural shape so it's not like the Hitler mustache or the landing strip but kept in control. Not like an overgrown yard. Don't listen to that crap. Anthony likes his ladies to look like they're making Jiffy Pop popcorn in their panties. You're the one that dated the Wookie. Alright, I don't want to get into that today. Hope he likes girls that look like they have Don King's head in the leg lock. 70s earth mama muck for Anthony. Listen, I think you're in the running for the Pearl Jam tickets. Hold on the line. Alright, this is getting interesting now. We've got a guy that grooms strippers down below and we have the mortician beautician. I think we've got to get the listeners voting too. But don't use the phone lines because people are trying to get through with their unusual jobs. But if you want to fax us a vote who you think has the most unusual job, that's cool. 212-957-WNEW or you can do the instant feedback on the internet. WNEW.com. Alright, Talking Heads, Pearl Jam, Goo Goo Dolls, all on the way if you stay where you are. Instant feedback coming in from Steve on the west side. Hope he says, let me get this straight. Mr. No Muff Too Tough has his head in a stripper's lap all day and his job sucks? No, no, it's two categories we're working on here. The worst job and the most unusual job. And I guess that would qualify as most unusual. I think in the lead for most unusual job is the stripper trimmer. And for the worst job I would have to go with mortician beautician. If you could be either one of those, give us a call. 212-757-1027. Pretty much the most requested song on the radio these days. Here's the Goo Goo Dolls on the Rock of New York. 1027-WNEW. Can't wait to hear that song next week when Pearl Jam comes to town. Live, it's Hopey, it's Anthony. And we've got tickets to see Pearl Jam once again today. We've been giving away all week long, trying to have some fun with the ticket giveaways. And today we've come up with a little interesting little contest. We're looking for the most unusual job in the New York area. And the worst job in the New York area. It's looking pretty good for the mortician beautician. Because from the instant feedbacks I'm getting, Dana in New York says I vote for the mortician beautician. What a job. I can't imagine having to beautify dead bodies every day. How depressing. I got a fact here from Peaches. I vote for the sick girl who polishes dead people's fingernails. And Larry in Woodbridge. I say let the mortician... It's not a nice word to call her. Go ahead. She's a bitch. I say let the mortician have the tickets. There's no way she never took a peek at a stiff, stiff one. Probably had a quick feel too. Larry, you're sick, man. I love it, actually. The mortician beautician is leading in the worst job in the New York area. And the most unusual job is the guy that trims strippers' private areas. The stripper trimmer. If you can beat either one of those categories for the Pearl Jam tickets, we need for you to get a hold of us. 212-757-1027. N.E.W., what's your job? My job is I work in a booth down in Boardwalk. What do you do? And they shoot me with paintballs. That's a horrible job. Why? What's wrong with that? It pays my bills, don't it? And what's the name of the job? It's called Shoot Ed. Shoot Ed? My name is Ed. I figured that out. You haven't taken too many headshots, have you? Nah, man. I wear a shield over my face, but... I used to play paintball, and that hurts, man. Yeah, it hurts. Those things hurt. Now, how much do you get paid to be Ed in the game Shoot Ed? I get like a percentage of the take. And what's the object of Shoot Ed besides just shooting you? Well, just shoot me. If they hit you, do they win a prize? Nah, they get a prize. A puppy dog or something. Can we shoot you in the bollies? Well, I wear a cup. Yeah, I'd recommend that. What's the spot people like to go for on you? Mostly the most vulnerable places like my chest, you know, midsection. Just like Monica. Just to hit. Alright, man. Shoot Ed. You are definitely a contention. Hold on the line. Alright, Shoot Ed. Now, is that the worst job in the New York area, or the most unusual job in the New York area? I'd say unusual. You could think of worse. Go with unusual? Yeah, I'd put him in the unusual category. You think he's leading that category? Is that job more unusual than the stripper trimmer? Yeah. There are beauty shop people that wax girls. I don't know many people that are Shoot Ed. Right. Okay. Obviously, if you're listening to the show and you've got an opinion on any of this, you can fax us with your votes or give us a little instant feedback. Alright, we'll put Shoot Ed in the lead for most unusual job in the New York area. And worst job in the New York area still goes to... The beautician, mortician, beautician. Yes. I've got to play an old bit here. I'll flat out say it's an old bit, but we've got to set the record straight. For the last couple of weeks, you guys email us all the time and you're starting to contribute to the show and stuff and we really appreciate that. It's helping us out. But a bunch of people have faxed us the words to a song called Hey Masturbator. Oh, right, right. And I know if you're at work and you collect email and stuff and you pass around your office or those wacky faxes that come in, you've probably seen a song that... It's the words to Hey Macarena, but it's Hey Masturbator. Yeah. A lot of people have given credit to the song to Adam Sandler. I don't know where that began, but it's not true. No. Alright, and this bit was played literally all over the country. Matter of fact, a bunch of radio stations right here in New York before me and Anthony came to town were playing this song and making believe they came up with it. I still have the original transcript in my bag. We can prove it, but the song is off our CD, Opie and Anthony's Demanded World, and I just want to set the record straight. I know we're all sick of the Macarena tune and stuff, but it's really driving me nuts that people continue to send us this email and the faxes and claiming that Adam Sandler did it or another radio station did it. No, it's copyrighted. It's on our CD. And I just want to play it here. Alright. It's a fun little ditty. Make up your own dance to it, Opie. I have a dance that I usually do to this one. Yeah? Well, I don't think I want to see that. So I like the Macarena, but only different. I have a new record. I have a new record. I have a new record. I have a new record. I have a new record. I have a new record. I have a new record. I have a new record. I have a new record. I have a new record. I have a new record. I have a new record. I have a new record. I have a new record. Not bad. Not bad. The ball pit. You know when the kids go in there and it's just a ton of balls and they drool and whiz and crap all over those little balls and you send your kids in there. Yeah, and this guy had to be the lifeguard in the middle of that thing. I'd be stuck in the ball pit with little kids coming up to me and hitting me in the face with plastic fluorescent colored balls and jumping and hitting me for hours at a time. Man, it sucks. The worst part is Hasidic Jewish families used to come in all the time and all they would speak is Hebrew so I couldn't even understand what the hell they were saying to me as they were trying to pop me in the nuts with those damn plastic balls. I still have nightmares. Keep it up guys, you rock. Pull them by the tendrils. Get them out of there. Come here, kid. Let's go to the phones. I think Rick tells me there's a good one on line five here. Joe, what is your job? Me and my boys, we're the people that go out and pick up the dead people throughout Bergen County, Forty County ME office. Anytime there's a murder an ODE, a suicide a guy jumps off the bridge and floats ashore in Fort Lee. You got picked up and blown to a mess? Yeah, we're the guys that bag him and tag him. We're the men in black, dude. Gotta ask you, what is the most disgusting thing you've ever seen? There was a guy about a month and a half ago in Anglewood, downtown Anglewood, who was dead for like three weeks. It was pretty nasty. Hard to believe you guys can't even imagine how it was. In the heat of the summer? Yeah. That wasn't the guy that was in the apartment building? Yeah, North Dean Street. I was there and tried to drag that guy down two flights of stairs too. Damn, they broke my back on that one. So you get together for company picnics and stuff? Yeah, me and my boys, we all hang together. What is it like when you barbecue ribs? Doesn't this look like Charlie? Yeah, yeah, right? Yeah, I hear you. Oh my god. We're out trolling for 180 pound bodies in the Hudson River with NYPD and stuff. It's kind of cool. It's an adventure. Plus, you know, the paper goes off. We never know what you're going to get. It could be an OD in Rutherford. It could be a car crash on 9W. You never know until you get there. You can take home your own Halloween ornament stuff. Suicide, you name it, I get it. Me and my boys, yeah. Pick up a body and leave them in your yard for Halloween. Yeah, me and my boys, Sally, Billy Waxman, and Drew. Yeah, we're out there. All right, hold on the line. I do believe you're in the running. Thanks, dude. All right, Jeff. Later. You know, we need to take a vote here. I think the listeners need to help us out too. You could send in your votes. I knew the worst job would entail dead people. Now, is that the worst job or the most unusual? That's got to be the worst job, right? But he enjoys it so much. I know, that's what is tricking us a little bit here. Then it's got to be the unusual category. The worst job has got to be a guy that's just like, no, no, no, no, no. You know, I hate my job. You got to sit around as a group of people and think, that's like the worst job. All right, is it the worst job to the person that's doing it or the worst job to everybody looking at the job? Just pretty much everyone looking in. That's got to be the worst job. Because I was under the impression the worst job would be a guy that goes to the bathroom and does the dishes. Would be a guy that goes to work every day and it's like, oh man, I got to shovel horse manure or something. But we all hate our jobs. I don't. No, I don't either. I worked for a living. I worked for a living at some point, Opie. I love my job. I count my blessings. So what category should we put this guy in? It's got to be unusual, I would think. Unusual? You're saying worse? The worst job category is still the mortician-butician. You've got to beat that. A lady who paints dead people's fingernails before the funerals and does their hair. She didn't seem to mind that either. That's what I'm saying. She loved that job when we talked to her. This is very difficult. Now you're seeing my point here. So it's a group of us looking in. Looking in. We feel that's a bad job. Yes, of course. Because the mortician-butician, she was laughing and thinks it was funny that her and her mom poked the dead people and said, look, they won't hurt you. They enjoy that job. So now we've got to vote. For the worst job, we've got the mortician-butician or the guy who picks up dead bodies all over the New York area. That's a very close race happening there. And then the most unusual job in the lead is shoot Ed. A guy named Ed who hangs out on the boardwalk and you shoot paintballs at him and try to win fuzzy, cute little animals. Shoot Ed! Shoot Ed! I'm Ed! He beat out the stripper tremor so far. The guy who grooms strippers. If you think you have a job that will top either one of those, you've got to give us a call. 212-757-1027. Phones are ringing like crazy. I think it's going to get even more unusual as the afternoon gets us going here. Plus a ton of people are asking for the serial killer song again. We will definitely play that in the 5 o'clock hour because a lot of people are getting in their cars for the long ride home. So we'll do that. Oh man, look at all this great stuff. Petti, STP, and Days of the Noon X. 1027-WNEW The Rock of New York with Tom Petti, it's Opie and Anthony. Opie, the voting heating up here with the people emailing us in some of their opinions. Bag him and tag him guy. Hey, I changed my vote. He definitely f'ing wins. Gotta be the sickest job. Lisa also says the worst job. Definitely the dude who picks up the dead bodies. Not only does he pick up the dead bodies, he picks them up from all different situations. Like an old person dying in their house. No, he goes to murder scenes. He has to find the drowning victim. What a job. Well, the voting getting furious. Definitely the guy that picks up the stiffs. Wow, the voting changed. I guess he's in the lead now over the mortician-jutician for worst job in the New York area for the Pearl Jam tickets. Still my vote. Where she actually has to paint the fingernails of the dead people and do their hair and stuff before the funerals. That's morbid. It's very morbid, but she laughs through the whole thing and thinks it's a cool job. And then in the most unusual category, it's still Shoot Ed. Shoot Ed. I'm pulling for Shoot Ed. I'm pulling for Shoot Ed. So is the crown. They love him. I vote for Shoot Ed. Give it to Shoot Ed. He sits there and people shoot him with paintballs to win those fuzzy little stupid animals from the car. Those animals are a waste of time. I love it. It's like they have the big animals hanging there. So it's like, oh, all I got to do is throw the ball and knock down all three milk bottles? Yeah. All right, I got it. Hey, why are you giving me that little one-inch tall little dragon? What about the big one? Oh, no, you got to do that 60 times. And then you could trade 60 of those little size ones for the big one or for the medium one. What a rip. Don't buy the myth, though. And what I mean by that, you know, when you do win the huge orange giraffe for your girlfriend and it's like, you look cool at the carnival because everyone sees the big large giraffes and everyone's trying to win them. But then when the carnival's over and you go home, you're like, what the hell am I going to do with a big huge orange giraffe? It's not cool anymore. Are you going to the Greenland Fireman's Fair tonight? Are we going to go there after the show? Well, come on, it is the premiere event of Greenland. You should know you went to Harbourfield. I know. I haven't been to the Fireman's Fair. You've got to get your beer mug. That's every glass I own in my house is from the Fireman's Fair. Is it really? You've got to go. Well, I got the jet glasses, too, from the gas station. You could win me something. Shut up. Is this our first live appearance at the Greenland Fireman's Fair? It's getting bad, isn't it? It sure is. I like the guy that goes, my job is shoot-ed. Shoot-ed. Really? Thank you, dude. What's your job? I'm a U.S. Customs Inspector. What's so bad about that? Sometimes when we get the people off the planes, we've got to take them to the hospital and once we see they have drugs in their stomach, we've got to go through, after they poop in the old pot, we've got to go through it to make sure it's all out. All the drugs are out. We've got to go through people's poop to make sure they didn't smuggle drugs into the country? Once we know it's there, we've got to go through it to make sure we've got it all. We've got to watch them go so they don't flush it down the toilet. Oh my God. So you've got to go through their poop? Yeah, I guess you call it a sh** job sometimes. I would say that. You couldn't find thick enough gloves for me to use. I would definitely say you're in contention. All right. Hold on the line. Wow, now we've got to add that to the voting. The guy who goes through people's poop for drugs. Do we have time for one more real fast here? I mean, our phones are just lit. Hey Rich. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. What's your job? I'm a nurse practitioner for a plastic surgeon in Great Neck. I'm responsible when they do the liposuction on the patients to waive the lipids and lusids after they remove it. So after they suck out the fat, I have to put it out on the counter and the milky yellow, which is lipid fat, I have to weigh that. And then I have to weigh the much darker yellow for the lucid fat. I just got the heebie-jeebie. Well, not only is it disgusting to touch it, but the odor is beyond belief. And here's the real problem. I don't know how to say it, but if you get a real fat woman, you have so much fat, it's got to be weighed on a separate scale. The record we had was 14 pounds of lipids and 7 pounds of lucids. And it was so much I had to stand on a regular scale, weigh myself, then pick this blob up and the odor is ridiculous. That's only half of it. Then when they come back like six weeks later, I'm in charge of massaging the area in which the fat has been taken out of. Now I want to make a claim. I've listened to all the other people and I think I could take the title in both categories. I think you can, actually. Alright, so your job is you measure the fat after people get the fat sucked out of them. I have to separate the fat. Separate it, measure it, weigh it. I don't have to smell it, but unfortunately I do. And then you've got to massage the area when these people come back into the doctor's office. Well, six weeks later they'll come back and I have to massage it to flatten out the area because not to get too gross, but when you take a heavy concentration of fat, it leaves like a hole. Would you loofer my stretch marks? Exactly. You are definitely in the running. Hold on the line. Okay, thanks. We definitely need a listener to help us out because these jobs are getting really out there. I'm feeling a bit queasy. If you want to vote on any of these jobs to help us out with the voting, please do it. Through the instant feedback would be the best way or you can fax us at 212-957-WNEW. Coming back with Eve Six and Queen X. Foot checking in, he says, Worst job, hands down, dead body guy. Really? Yeah. I think it's a little change in their votes for the fat suck guy. The fat suck guy is getting a ton of votes in the last minute here if you're just tuning in a guy who weighs, separates, and smells fat after liposuction. Because the lipo guy story made me heave. Yeah, it was pretty gross. I don't think we're done yet, though. I think there's a few more aces in the hole. Phone lines, 212-757-1027 if you got the worst job in the New York area or the most unusual job in the New York area. Both winners will win a pair of tickets to see Pearl Jam. Here's the winner. Here's Queen on the Rock of New York, 1027-WNEW. 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York with the wallflowers, heroes. It's Opie and Anthony. Oh, we haven't done a traffic report in a month or so. Anthony, traffic report for today. If you're heading outbound on all the outbound crossings, you're probably in traffic right now. Thank you. Traffic sponsored by nobody. We still don't have a sponsor for our traffic. I don't understand it because I think our traffic is more accurate than anyone else's. Oh, and this just in too. If you're headed eastbound on the LIE, it's probably not going very fast right now. That's a good guess. Well, the US Open is screwing everyone up. When is that over? I don't know. I don't know about anyone else, but it's put another 30 minutes onto my commute home. And the GWB, that's a safe bet for me to just say it's probably not moving well right now. I don't have any information in front of me, no TV, no papers, no tele... type facts. No helicopters in the sky. I can pretty much say if you're on the GWB right now, you're probably not going very fast. Thank you. We should do traffic where we throw darts at a dartboard. And I guarantee we'll be just as accurate as everyone else. I don't doubt that. Alright, but there you go, the traffic. Well, people voting O.P., voting like crazy. If you're just tuning in, we've got some Pearl Jam tickets today. We're looking for the worst job in the New York area and the most unusual job in the New York area. Now, let me help you out here, okay? Most unusual job so far goes to Shoot Ed. A guy that gets shot by paintballs all day long for stupid, fuzzy little prizes if you hit him enough times. He's like the dopey favorite with our voters here. But worst job, I guess the mortician, beautician has been knocked out of the top spot, huh? He's getting a lot of votes. Pushed down to third, I think. Under the guy that collects the dead bodies. He's getting a lot of votes. You're telling me he's now in second place? Well, I gotta tell ya, a lot of people now, Lipoman, the guy that has to separate and weigh liposuction fat and then massage the legs or arms or wherever they suck the fat out of these people. Larry in Woodbridge, I'm gonna change my vote. See, just when you think you know who has the worst job, we put another person on the phone and it gets even worse. I think the guy that deals with the fat ladies disposed of body juices absolutely has the worst job. And he brings up a good point. Even he sounded disgusted by it. When he was describing his job. Yes, absolutely. He has to smell the fat too, which is like a little perk. You know how we all have perks in our jobs? His perk is he gets to smell the fat too. That's like a freebie. And what about the drug smuggling poop guy? He has to go through the drug smuggler's poop to make sure they got all the drugs that they've been smuggling into the country. Well, Jeff from Jersey brought up a good point. When I said I couldn't, they don't have gloves thick enough for me to go through human ex. He says, I wonder if the custom agent said, hey, gloves, what a great idea. Very nice. Anything else on the instant feedback? Yeah, actually, we got a letter from the district attorney's office. Those guys hate us. The DA's office. Yeah, yeah. I won't use his name. I'll be nice because maybe he's not supposed to be typing on company time. Okay. But, Opien Anthony, I finally figured it out. Listening to your show is like when people pass a bad car accident. You don't want to look, but you always end up looking anyway. Isn't that the truth? Thank you. You didn't want to look at that dead dog on the way to work. No, that really bummed me out. And I was glad that I didn't even know it was a dead dog because I didn't look. That was really sad, actually. With you guys, you know you really don't want to listen, but you do anyway. By the way, how many people have commented that Opie looks like Gary Sandi from the old WKRP and Cincinnati show? I do not. I don't think so. You look like Venus. Oh, yeah, I look like Venus. What did they call him? He was like the Venus flytrap? Yeah, you look like Venus flytrap. I don't look like him. Are you going to help me out on this one or no? He also writes, I don't hate you anymore, just strongly dislike you. That's okay. This is just coming in from Jumbo. I used to work in a private doctor's office uptown cleaning up after the doctor had given patients enemas. There's a cozy job. Dear Opie and Anthony, I love your show. I am the publisher of Big Butt Magazine and also their top model. Yes, I pose nude and look like a woman. I'm a woman. Yes, I pose nude and lewd. Love Mindy. Rick, get Mindy in the studio tomorrow. I want to check out her big old butt. I've seen that magazine, Big Butt Magazine. Really? It's disgusting. But if she wants to come down and pose, we can do something with that, I guess. So whatever you're into. Some people are into that. Also, the boss just came down the hall with some more tickets to the Sea Pearl Jam because he likes the audience participation today. So many people are chiming in with their votes and helping us out with the show today. We're going to give a couple pairs away just through the phone lines as well. Because I know there's a lot of people out there that don't have an unusual job or the worst job. So we'll just randomly pick some. And we'll do that in a little while. So keep listening to the show, okay? But right now, really fast, we've got to play the serial killer song. A lot of people are requesting it. And they found another serial killer up there in Poughkeepsie. And Anthony made a really good point earlier in the show. And I would like you to reiterate that. I'm going to give you a couple of minutes. I'm going to give you a couple of minutes. I would like you to reiterate that point, Anthony. Well, Opie, you don't usually see black serial killers. And it's the truth. It just is. Usually serial killers are crazy white guys. Because, you know, you've got... Most black guys do the cool crimes, you know? Yeah. Well, stick to the... Well, you know, the crimes that might have some sort of reason to them. I don't know. In a demanded way, yeah. I'm not saying it's right. But I'm saying that there's some kind of reason to it. Maybe. And the white guys are always the serial killers. The white guys, oh, we've got Joel Rifkin. We have him. But now, you know, this... It gives me hope for our civilization that maybe we are getting a little more like each other. And together to see a black serial killer. Jesus. All right. Well, they did have the guy down there in Atlanta. But he claims that he wasn't the guy. That's right. I think. So you never know. But this guy, I mean, had the bodies right in his house. But I had to go through the O.P. and Anthony archives and think in-house. And we only break out the serial killer song if there's a new one that was caught. And this song is about the most famous one, obviously, Jeffrey Dahmer. But I think it can relate to this situation. Put on your boots and hat and line dance to this one. Yeah, it has a little country feel to it. Check it out on the O.P. and Anthony show. The serial killer song. Right on, man. 1027WNEW, the rock of New York, our buddy Johnny Lang, his latest, Still Raining. That is cool. Yeah. I like that song a lot. We got to get Johnny Lang back into the studio. He played in the imaginary ballroom and he was absolutely great. He did some really good radio for us, too. Yeah, he's a fun guy. We just were hanging like old pals in here. So, Johnny Lang, Still Raining. Bravo. It's O.P. It's Anthony. Still looking for the worst job and the most unusual job. It's getting very interesting here. We got the Pearl Jam tickets up for grabs. Most unusual job, and you got to get your job in the next 15 or 20 minutes because we got to stop and pick some winners. But in the lead for most unusual job still is Shoot Ed. Shoot Ed, guy named Ed who likes to get, well, he gets shot by paintballs. Works on the boardwalk. I guess you pay and you shoot him with paintballs and you win a prize. Yeah, if you hit him enough times. And then there's a tie at this moment in time for worst job. Yeah, this is going to be a tough one. The tie is between the guy who picks up dead bodies all over Bergen County and the guy who weighs, separates, and smells fat after liposuction. And then the people come back into the doctor's office and he has to massage the area because I guess when you take out the fat there's a hole there and you got to like kind of move everything around and get it back in a place. Like a big tube of toothpaste that has a dent in it. Yeah, and it, ah! Ah, just a thought. And he says the smell is just horrible. And the guy was so depressed on the phony. He even knows he has a horrible job. Yeah, he didn't like it. So those guys are in the running for the other pair of tickets to see Pearl Jam. Uh, oh wow, there's another one on the line here. Jesse, what's your job? Ah, I gotta get horses excited to... Beyond belief. Ah! Oh! And here's the real problem. If you get, I don't know how to say it, if you get a real fat woman, you have so much fat, it's got to be weighed on a separate scale. The record we had was 14 pounds of lipids and 7 pounds of lucids. And it was so much I had to stand on a regular scale, weigh myself, then pick this blob up and the odor is ridiculous. Wait, that's only half of it. Then when they come back like 6 weeks later, I'm in charge of massaging the area in which the fat has been taken out of. Now I want to make a claim. I've listened to all the other people. I think I could take the title in both categories. I think you can actually. Ah, alright, so your job is you measure the fat after people get the fat sucked out of them. I have to separate the fat. Separate it, measure it, weigh it. I don't have to smell it, but unfortunately I do. And then you gotta massage the area when these people come back into the doctor's office. Well 6 weeks later they'll come back and I have to massage it to flatten out the area because, not to get too gross, but when you take a heavy concentration of fat, it leaves like a hole. Would you loo for my stretch marks? Exactly. And there you have it, Rich, who has won the competition for the worst, sorry, worst job in the New York area. Mr. Fat Sucked Fat Weigher. Yeah, maybe we could bring him down to Giant Stadium too when we broadcast live. He could bring some of that fat and throw that on the grill when we're tailgating. With shoot Ed, throw it at Ed. That would be a great party. You got shoot Ed and a guy cooking up some fat on the barbecue before the Giants game. Lovely. Alright, we're not done yet. We have one more pair of tickets to Sea Pearl Jam. We'll blow them out on the phones before 7 o'clock, so stay right there. 1027 WNEW The Rock of New York with Everclear. I will buy you a new life. It's Opie and Anthony Funk. Finishing up another program here, I guess. They go so fast today. We had a lot of fun today. Oh, there go the phones. These guys are smart. They know. Alright, we'll give away one more pair of tickets to Sea Pearl Jam, the sold out show. We'll take the seventh caller at 2127571027, okay? You're going to win, Sandy, a big furry stuffed animal tonight? Are you really going to the fireman's fair? Yeah. That's like our youth. I know. A lot of people don't think we're from here, which makes us laugh. No, out on the island, we used to go to this every year. Green Lawn's Fireman's Fair. Yeah, you people, Opie from Green Lawn, Harborfield. That's right. We used to kick your ass. And I was from John Glenn. We hated John Glenn. So we used to go over to the Green Lawn Fireman's Fair and start trouble with you guys. See, now we can all get along. It's almost like Khalid Muhammad's March. Oh, yeah. Can't we all just get along? Look, now we're on the air together. Partners. Yeah, they don't know what goes on off here. Opie and Anthony live together in perfect... Matter of... I'm leaving. I'm leaving. Sit your crack ass down. What the hell was that? What the hell was that? It shows that Harborfield and John Glenn could get along. You have a crush on me or something? Oh, yeah, Opie. Yeah, that's it. What the hell are you singing to me for? I'm a married man. Keep your fantasies to yourself. Oh, that's your excuse. Just because you're married doesn't, you know, mean you're straight. Yeah, Jen's a beard. She's been a beard for eight, nine years, sure. And I'm not married. I'm flaming. All right. Speaking of flaming, I don't know. Can we play it again? Oh, Jesus. After Danny from Soho called and got all upset with your language earlier, you're going to play this for Gay Square Dancing Month. Didn't we get a lot of requests for this? Yes, we did. All right. Well, September is International Gay Square Dancing Month. And we still haven't called the founder of this. Maybe we could call him tomorrow. Oh, there's plenty of days left. By the way, tomorrow on the show we will have more Pearl Jam tickets as well. All right. But do we have time to quickly play this? Okay. Yeehaw. Put your hat on. All right. What was the setup again, Anthony? It's Gay Square Dancing Month. And I guess they'd have to do a few different calls. Okay. Yeehaw.