 1027 WNEW to rock in New York with Boston Johnny Lang before that still raining and the scorpions to rock you like a hurricane Good afternoon. It's opiate Anthony. I wasn't Boston on a where are they now on the VH1 this weekend? Yeah, cuz they are all over the place. Yeah, we know where they are Who played our Christmas party that one year Oh Brad Delp Brad Delp Yeah back a couple of years ago up in Boston. You played a Christmas party in some Beatles covered band Yeah, pretty sad and Cib know how sad it was Anthony I got up and sung with a singing tune with him and he was really impressed by I mean Anthony's a good singer But thank you upi But it was just it was pretty sad cuz there's our whole radio station getting completely hammered and there's Brad Delp in a Beatles cover band that our Christmas party playing it's like what happened what happened to you and a Cib Hashan the drummer Yeah, but the big afro. Yeah, he uh last time I saw him was at a Halloween party and he was just hammered just Plastered drunk talking about the old days the good old days like wow those guys were a huger than huge That's right. Man the black crows were here my favorite band. That was pretty damn awesome Ralph. You have fun with them Oh, yeah, yeah all the time Yeah, Chris and I were old pals. I knew him when he's been diapers, you know, right? I'm glad he finally cleaned up his act. Yeah, it looks good I was getting scared with that whole beer thing Going on a few years ago like the velvet jacket happened when you know, he always he is one skinny-ass guy Yeah, I mean he doesn't look as emaciated though as no exactly as a part of gonna make he actually you put on some It looks good. He looks mom. Yeah, and Yeah, we still got this got the rock star thing happening with the guy kind of a We had a dumb bad a I Told you I've had a bad day today let it go skippy. We have to use the dump button on around Well, you know, I got to get my image a little bit the legend Voice of your radio who never says anything controversial comes in here and curses on our show. So he has some speckled stuff Yeah, he needs that he needs the speckled stuff on his eyebrows that goes Stuff stuff stuff with We've been using the s-word like that throwing it around We have enough problems around here. No, you're cursing on our show Don't you notice all the dump buttons all over the studio? They don't trust this anymore All right. That's great. Well, obviously we had a lot of fun with the black cross today Ralph did I just got my picture taken said hey man, you're new CD rocks. That's about all I got out of them. It's just fine All right, let's regroup, okay I'm still battling a cold. Yeah. I know why we'll get into it next what my heat Pretty funny when I picked up today back slide to 1 2 9 5 7 w-n-e-w request line 2 1 2 7 5 7 1 0 2 7 Look how big that guy's helmet is What's that? 1027 w-n-e-w the rock of New York Robert Plant little by little you too before that for the best of 1980 To 1990 with the sweetest thing and midnight oil beds are burning Tope and Anthony we got New York one on and they're just showing Nothing but jet Footage and this guy had a huge oversized helmet on it wasn't one of those The blow-up one knows a real one. It was very funny and what it looked like on him All right. Everyone is talking about the jet today. Of course a huge win. Yeah at the stadium yesterday Our pal Wayne Corbett had a good game, but Keishon Johnson. Hello Best game of his career. I would imagine Yeah, now they're uh going to Denver to Denver and they're already saying that they're gonna have a tough time with the Broncos Wow, Broncos are so beatable so yeah, it's that home field advantage though, you know, that's tough That is very tough. Yeah, but it was a hell of a crowd. They had their Sunday. Yes Wow Loud Yeah, Parcells was on TV saying that's pretty much the loudest he's ever heard that play. So pretty good I love the goodbye song at the end of the game. Yeah Nah, nah, nah That's just a whole crowd thing Gotta kill you when you're hearing that You know, I'm gonna go to the bathroom It's great but well, it's gonna be an exciting week Yeah, they were doing something on the the new news all the travel agents are ready getting just pummeled with phone calls Everybody wants to go to Denver. Yeah, everybody support the team other tickets even available I mean, how do you go about that? You're a huge Jets fan. Your team's going to the championship game In Denver you want to go you want a ticket and you want to flight How do you even go about that like any problem you throw enough money at it? Sure fixed fixed, right? Thanks. So what's your move? You just get a plane ticket to Denver and hope for the best at the best outside the stadium or yeah hook up with like a buddy in Denver you have friend there maybe they can make a few calls something like that. Sure I'm sure a lot of these ticket agencies though have a few tickets in their back pocket. Yeah already then you hear the horror stories People that I fall all the way here and you always felt out a ticket for me in the game and I couldn't see the game I love those. Yeah, so watching in a sports bar. We overbooked sir. Yeah, sorry. There you go Nothing, but Jets Jets Jets all this week. Yeah, you feeling better a Nightmare, I've had a cold Course you can hear it. Mr. Snothead and and to make matters worse Last night you just start noticing in the house getting a little cold hmm look at the thermostat and it's set to like 72 and it's 64 and a half. Oh so We're out of oil Yeah, well, it's our first winter in the house, you know And it's the first oil delivery we've had to get. Mm-hmm So we didn't know how much or how long you go or yeah, you just fade you had enough oil for the winter No, not for the winter, but I thought we had a little more I guess I should have checked it throw the old yardstick down into the tank. So I called you up You're in your winter coat in your house on your laptop checking out your stocks. Did you have little mittens on? No, no, you can't type with that. I know I just had a visual in my head No, no, it was freezing in the house though freezing finally We get an oil delivery and I go downstairs to turn the burner on it doesn't turn on And I have forgotten everything I ever knew about heating and air conditioning. Yeah, you're in that business I just press the reset button. It doesn't work. Call the guy Yeah, so so I had to leave and it just it's making my cold worse. Yeah, I need some quill Well, you got in my ride and I had a crank up and I was I was boiling but we had a wine up Warm me up I need some NyQuil do it. No, I take it now. It's all over. No, you need the day quill No, day quill doesn't work doesn't work for it. I quill. How about a strange job? Shut it Jack. No Just bear with me What oh two seven w any w the rock of New York with whole celebrity skin and the stones before that It's hoping Anthony got something for the show two one two seven five seven one. Oh two seven any w Which one is this hoping and Anthony? What's up? How you doing guys? All right I work for a major brokerage house and I guess you guys are making your dent because today in the cafeteria I had Yoshi pork Breaded pork it was seasoned with soy sauce Awesome guy did an awesome job on it. Whoever was And it even it even had the label out in front in the pan Yoshi. Why oh fhi pork? Gentlemen That can't be true. You know she's pork. We're gonna get the number of the cafeteria and see if it's true See if that's true Yoshi pork and that'd be a great. Uh, Yoshi's a Japanese name. Yeah couldn't possibly We'll say by the way Yoshi did a great job with our snow coverage on Friday Yes, a lot of people calling in saying because of Yoshi they got home safely the road wasn't that bad coming home Uh, okay 730 or so. We were surprised I think everyone left work early on Friday because by the time we hit the road it was it was the Fastest we've made the ride in months. Yeah, everyone was off the road already I hope it's not a sign of things to come though We got some real snowfall the way people were driving on Friday Yeah, you ought to be ashamed of yourselves. There's a mess people can't drive you're hitting banging into things hitting each other Slowing down at 10 miles an hour. There's some snow on the road. Oh Get out of the way get out of the FNC way So hope you learn so we have another storm coming in tonight for tomorrow morning or something. Yeah rush hour tomorrow They're talking about a little bit of snow. What happened to our global warming? That's all bull they come out with that every year in the summer when it gets really hot see global warming Oh, it's called the summer. You idiot. I want my warm winters back I Think that the snow is not fun anymore. That's a sign of you know getting old remember when you're younger You just love snow. Yeah, you love snow You love you know snow days cuz it meant snow day you weren't going in right now when it snows nose You know what means having to get on the expressway or the turnpike with a bunch of morons makes your life a living hell Yeah, it does. All right on the way we got Metallica doing Bob Seeger some rush The rock of New York 1027 WNEW you're hanging with Opie and Anthony getting lots of faxes now the fax machine does work That's good good to hear a lot of just faxes the Jets are going to take it all the way Curtis Martin is the man Keishon Johnson to this is our year. Yeah, those guys just played awesome yesterday The whole offense was great. So we're getting the Jets faxes and we're getting some remedies for your cold Anthony Oh, thanks Paul writes for Anthony's cold. Try this it works for me every time The key to colds is liquids and lots of them first two blasts of neo-synephrine up Anthony's schnoz Second one shot of Jimmy B to clean out the old throat Third forced out beers something like Guinness or Sam Adams Winterfest something in the amber family It will work and if it doesn't well the afternoon show will certainly be interesting with a buzzed Anthony Good luck Paul. I tried look. Let's see. My voice is going on here I think it was because of your Popeye on Friday No I can still do that. How many other people caught a Popeye? Cartoon is weekend and cracked cracked up Talking about Pusky. No, you are talking about busky this time. It was pretty ridiculous No, I tried though. Don't Drinking thing this weekend doesn't work for the car. No, it's not leave me. Oh All right, a lot of lot of um, shimays. Yeah this this weekend Yeah, man a Belgian beer those monks brew it up You turn me into the shimay they sit there and silence and brew beer and it's just Man, I was woof. That's good stuff woke up Sunday. I was like, whoa. Hello had a bit of a night officially I think that's my favorite beer. Is it officially in the beer family though? Because it doesn't taste a lot like beer. Oh, there's more of a smoky. See you're very good very smooth. Yes Frank says um The Jets are never gonna beat Denver in Mile High Stadium get prepared now. They will be crushed No, we know we can take the Broncos. Yeah, we could take we got to get that way early Is that the secret? Yeah, we just need to take an elbow to his big teeth a big horse teeth Just look at this aim for his teeth boys. Just take him out He's the key to that whole offense. We'll see I'm sure they'll spin it all week long all the people are sportscast Well, we obviously got to worry about Terrell Davis Yeah, but Remember that thin air, you know a little thinner thin air action Maybe some snow on the ground Elway's teeth. Oh, it's teeth factor We got some problems Sunday, but we could overcome now. Let's see Let's say they're you know, Denver is on the one Mm-hmm, and Elway has the ball and he lunges forward and his teeth break the plane The ball has to break the plane now is the ball in his teeth? No, no He's he's there but his teeth break the plane I think it'll be a touchdown because the ump will be just horrified by that site his huge teeth It was T. Okay. Just wanted to clear that up. Yeah The Sun will shine off those teeth into the ref's eye or something something stupid like that. Hello. I'm mr. Ed When I go the phone see what the people are talking about today. Yes, you are. Hi any W. Hey, what's up, man? Hey, what's up? Yeah, I was wondering if you guys could play that special Olympics song Why because we work at this company that makes toys for special children So we all get a kick out of it here every time that we you know We hear the song but make it to Sean and Dave Well, what kind of toys you guys make like anything like you remember those glow worms and like all these tickle me Toys and stuff like that that have been around Yeah like we like open them up and we put these like Adapters in so you can use them with a switch that we make that you can do it with your voice Or you're like your neck or you know what I mean anything but actually doing it with your hands, you know what I'm saying? So you like the special Olympics song, oh, yeah definitely like everybody here decides when you play it Like a burnout dude, yeah, man, you just smoke a lot of dope and go to like work and try to make these stupid toys After work, but yeah It's really cool job though. We just have all these like funky things here. We can play with you got there like pot laughs Play some dead sometimes, you know, I love the pot laughs Left you hear from behind Got it. Totally right. You like every day. It's so funny. Oh, yeah, at least someone's listening. I call man Thanks for Sean and David if you could there you go. Okay, do you thank all right? And there's our audience 1027 WNEW the rock of New York Pink Floyd the latest from Sugar Ray before that and every morning a very cool sounding song It's open Anthony. Hey a lot of great TV viewing this weekend It was kind of a crappy weekend, but a lot of fine shows Of course, we all watched the Jets beat the Jaguars and then we had the Chris Farley thing Yeah on e that was pretty cool He died just like John Belushi that last what was it the last three days of his life were insane just a bender He did enough drugs and alcohol to kill an elephant I mean it was insane and then and then I was watching leaf Garrett I think everybody saw that one this weekend. Everyone was eagerly looking forward to the leaf Garrett story Behind the music thing or something leaf. I didn't know he was on the H Yeah, he was doing heroin and I Didn't know he had killed not killed but I paralyzed one of his friends. That was car. Racky though Yeah, if he really wanted to say what we should explain just in case people haven't seen it yet I guess when leaf was what about 22 17 17. Yeah, that was 17 years old Yeah, it was like when it was at the peak of his little career. Okay, so like 20 years ago He was really really wasted on coke and And a lot of alcohol and they were going to get some more drugs with this best friend at the time who was a dancer What was that about? Dancing pictures. Yeah But anyway, they hit the car in front of him and rolled over an embankment down 80 feet and make a long story short His pal was paralyzed Yeah And leaf said he was gonna you know Stick with the kid or through this whole mess and stuff and help him out and always be there But then the family of the dancer says look man, we're suing you Yeah, just wrecked this kid's life. So he cut off all contact with the guy. Yes, Elise So well if you're suing me then I got I got to leave and didn't hear from the kid and Leaf didn't talk to this guy for 20 years. Yeah, so behind the scenes They they they fixed up a little meeting they hooked him up with the tail and that's where it was hokey Cuz if leaf really cared about you know Seeing this guy again. Yeah and putting their differences aside What you just don't do something like that with a camera rolling Well, I think he was he didn't get in touch with him all those years because he was on the horse Yeah, it was screwed up. Well, they should have there, you know, the this was the famous first time they've seen each other since the accident I think we've just won a little you know, a little TV time. You see the phase he went through with the shaved head. Yeah You know, there's just something that's pretty bad about Like looking that good that young when you're what? 15 16 17 years old and the chicks are just digging the hell out of you had Nicolette Where is there to go? But down yeah, like it's rare that those guys that at that age look like that grow up to look like that Yeah, you know all of a sudden it's like are they getting funny looking? And like leaf had all that hair and everything it lost it. Yeah, oh my way and then all for a while Yeah, and then you'll just like oh my god, yeah, he had that piece of ass Nicolette Sheridan Nicolette Sheridan Oh my god, they were sleeping together like 15 years old and his business mom's house Yeah, and she just let it go on you see the pictures of Nicolette 15 years old in a bikini. I mean unbelievable Oh my god. Yeah And then you're telling me you got to see loverboy on where are they now? Just a great show what what channels that on VH1 VH1? Yeah, where are they now? Yeah They have where are they now they show the people on the jam and playing and then they show where they are now Oh my god They're all big fat guys now loverboy and what was the singer's name? Michael up my Forgot his name accident fat guy You know him with the headband and those stretch pad the leather dread leather pants. Yeah so They got the band back together recently and they're playing out and they show him on stage He is just this big fat guy and he's singing the same songs and like trying to do the moves and everything Like he's bending over. He's just a big fat ass Lover large Lardy boy party boys hysterical. I love that show makes you feel great because you get to bask in other people's misfortune It's just horrible. Where are they? Where are they now? They should mr. Mr. Yeah, when they had the number one album in the country number one song and then right after that Yeah careers died Well, that's why I like when the bands some bands come in here and they got this bad attitude like they're just you know They're it man. They're king of the world and you guys suck and blah blah blah And you look at him going, you know something in another couple of months unless you have another song you're gonna be nothing Yeah, and then you got the bands that have been around for years Well for every band like the black crows that are just around forever and pumping out great music. There's hundreds of bands Yep, I think they're just as good as the black crows cuz they got a hit song and they turn out to go away real fast Mike Reno, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah the big double chin like wasn't even a double chin You have the chin and the big neck fat like a big bulbous neck fat. Oh Terrible one the best shows on TV. Where are they now? That's a good one. So all right on the way We got some arrow Smith one or two seven W&W the Rock of New York the latest from Collective Soul That's run off their CD dosage. I think it's also in the movie varsity blues I do believe oh, what is that movie coming out or is it out already? It is out as it I thought Friday Maybe previews look very good on that. Yeah, it's patch Adams number one once again this week Every crime every critic canned patch Adams, but it continues But it's Robin Williams and he's funny and it's of course it plays a doctor. Look look. I got a scissor scope cracker Like hey, that's not funny Robin. No, he's doing all the talk shows. Oh You seem again the same old thing look and I put my shoes on the like tight little bow. Yeah Yes Everyone does it. Why is the audience laughing at him? Same old crap. Yeah next time you see an interview with Robin Williams Just listen really closely to what he's actually saying and you'll find out he's saying nothing that is not me But everyone is laughing around him because they think he's saying something funny. He's so quick-witted Stream of consciousness that Robin Williams. He's so fast I got in my car turn the key of the motorway What well, yeah, that's what happens when you start a car yeah, well, it's not funny no Robin not at all. Well, there's a lot of excitement in the air black dress playing Irving Plaza tonight If you don't know yet a switch to Irving Plaza So don't go to the Bowery tonight thinking you're gonna go see the black rose now It's tonight and tomorrow at Irving Plaza Crows were in with Ralph the tour on the radio for about an hour very very entertaining radio Had a lot of fun with that Yeah And it's your last chance to see the black crows the black crows will be at tower records downtown tomorrow What you got to do is buy a copy of their new album and get a ticket to see them live is your chance if you Go down there. Okay, they will also be No, no, this should be crossed out now they will also be with Ralph the tour today at two for an interview I guess I can do this job, too And are we broadcasting live from the black crows tonight, I believe so. Hey, give me a pen. We aren't no The night is give me the pen Give me the pen Jesus I didn't even get the shower today. Oh the Bowery is tonight Geez everything screwed up Anthony a mess. I got a cold vibe. I had no heat my house. I had no hot water I couldn't shower this morning. Look at my hair if I took this hat off buckwheat Swear to God All right, I gotta do the whole black crows thing again. It's all screwed up All right. They are playing the Bowery ballroom tonight, right Earl black girl Yes, sir By the way, Carol Miller doesn't like the fact that we call you black girl for some reason She's told every single person that works for any w but hasn't told us Yeah, she's got a problem with it. She's got a problem with us and she should shut her damn trap She's talking about us to every single person in this place. Well, she's the Defender of the downtrodden I guess, you know, you can't speak for yourself. You need Carol to speak for you as your attorney I guess Now she thinks it's racist. Is that true? Well, you've heard the rumors by now Whether we think it's right or not. Oh being she knows what's best for everyone Oh, I say so it's better to just maybe not call him black Earl anymore because he wears all black clothes That is the exact reason why we call him black girl. Do you don't own any other clothes that aren't black, right? No, exactly for a few white shirt. Thank you. He happens to be a colored man colored Alabama oh My god, look at those pictures up close from the 60s. Oh, he's holding the hoses You asked but that's not the reason why we call him black Earl It's because he dresses completely in black even has he where did you find the black Yankees? The hat found this at the South Street Seaport really it's a black hat It's a black hat. The logo is black with a black Yankees logo No one can see that it's a Yankees hat unless they get up real close to you Hmm, I can't even buy it anymore. I bought it back in April really and it's gone now, huh? Okay, look at that. So we allowed us to call you black girl I have no problem even though Carol Miller has a problem with it and she's telling every single person works here I have no problem with it. Okay, white Carol has a problem All right, what do you think of the Jets chances with the Broncos good so do I I think so everyone's saying they don't have a chance No, that's 11 to say that 11-point underdog. I think It's gonna be a close game. That's a great bet. Yeah, take the Jets in 11. Mm-hmm You think the atmosphere is gonna affect the Jets know high stadium? Not at all. I think always teeth is gonna affect the Jets. I could do it's a glare off of them No, patch Adams came in second place this weekend Anthony what was first a civil action with John Travolta Then no one please no one ever ever forget. He was Vinny Barberino at one point in his career I'd like to remind people of that. Okay, and now sleepless in Seattle came in third Step mom in fourth and Prince of Egypt five 1027 W any W the Rock of New York you to Sunday Bloody Sunday will send that out to the Jack wires Oh boy Jets hangover today. Yeah, you know, it was just such a great feeling yesterday if you're a Jets fan and now today It's kind of like okay just kind of mellowing out from the big party, you know getting ready for this coming Sunday Record attendance over at the metal lands. That's what they said in the paper You mean to tell me the Giants never had a crowd like that And they say record attendance I take it as a record attendance Bill Parcell said it was the loudest crowd He's ever heard a giant stadium. Yeah, but everyone's running into the studio today saying the Jets just don't have a chance against the Broncos Come on guys. I wouldn't say don't have a chance. That's ridiculous. We have the best coach course in football Yes, he definitely is you got to give him that and Come on, I think our chances are very good Sunday. Yeah. Hey is Wayne Rebecca calling in today Have we we didn't really want to bother him. He said he would try to call in today Yeah, we got his pager and we didn't want to like start, you know taking advantage of that So Wayne if you're listening, we'd love to hear from you. Let's hear a little post game. Just a little post game Yeah, just a couple minutes of your time. That's all we need. You know Offense just look great yesterday. Definitely great And the defense looked very good as well I don't want to hear a chance the bomb at the end of the the first half I mean come on that that had to be a perfect pass Yeah, what that pass wasn't gonna get completed and everyone's bitching complaining Oh the defense let the guard down at the end of the half No, he didn't for no how to throw up a strike right a 50-yard strike and he did it So I'm just getting so pumped. I've been a chess fan forever Really? You're not jumping on the bandwagon. No, not at all Not at all cuz I am are you really I'm jumping on the bandwagon right now Well, do you follow football? No, I'm kidding. You're more of a chess fan than a giant fan. We admitted that months ago Yeah, we made it that when the Jets were owing to So check the tapes. Yeah They're talking about that today in the news how all the sporting goods Sporting goods stores are just selling out of jet merchandise and yeah, and they're talking to the owners and they're like this is unbelievable We never sell jet stuff. So that means a lot of people jump on the bandwagon. Yeah, but that's okay Sure, we could use the help all the way Screw Denver Come on saying they don't have a chance or just a little scared though They are a pretty awesome team and then you got to worry about the Vikings if we beat the Broncos Well, that could be really tough. I think the Vikings were the best team in football this year The best And if Anthony wasn't so clogged up he'd go off for the next 20 minutes with Corky Steinbrunner This is a bitch man. I took my Nyquil over the weekend I felt good kind of I come in I start sneezing and and my nose just ceases to work It's just saying no Everyone is like calling and faxing cold remedies for you today remedy. It just has to work its way through I know that but and it all has to do with alcohol. Yeah, like dude like like do three shots of Jagermeister Yeah, look at you. Okay tells me that's okay. And then you will care that you have a cold Won't be able to talk for other reasons. So it's very hard to talk Just I'm Clock when you make your living with your voice. This is a tough situation being for you. Yes, I'll be You're gonna be all right Yeah, I'll pull through Oh Anthony on our our big W any W things to know and tell yeah cheat There's something very important to talk about what see we put all the things that are really important that all the jobs should talk about Okay, so this has got to be like the top shelf stuff that is happening in New York. What is it? Tomorrow is two for Tuesday To be a calendar for that since Tuesday everyone knows that well it's on the things to know and tell list though Let's say there's four things we're supposed to talk about actually three they couldn't fill up the fourth space Yeah, look, there's a space there with nothing in it. Come on. All right, so The first quarter hour of your radio show you're supposed to talk about that tomorrow is two for Tuesday Then the second quarter of your hour you're supposed to hit a notable concert hitting the area. Okay, what's that? Go ahead like Dave Matthews All right, I'll do it Sabbath February 5th Continental Arena February 6th National Coliseum both shows on sale all Already right now tomorrow tomorrow at 9 a.m. Through Tigger Master. There you go. I took care of that Now the third quarter of the hour on the things to know and tell this is what we're supposed to do every hour Okay It's your last chance to see the black crows tomorrow night at Irving Plaza The black crows will be at the tower records downtown tomorrow buy a copy of their new album and get a ticket to see them live All right. All right, and then I guess the last quarter hour and you're just not supposed to talk at all because it's nothing in that space Great this is it Rock station in New York, and this is our things to know and tell us. No, this is good. Oh my god Also does anyone out there own a billboard or something that maybe we could slap open and Anthony are on any w in the afternoon On well we could they went on a building we could we'll paint it ourselves. We will paint it ourselves I've climbed some mountains in my time. I could do a George Willard type of a thing We'll do it on a building or a billboard or something and just painted ourselves. Good I I mean, I don't see is how we're getting any help. Remember George Willard You could scale. Oh, yeah. Yeah, sure. Sure. So we'll scale the building Just give us a side of the building so we can paint open Anthony in the afternoons at w any devil Plane so I could write it in the sky or something maybe just so some people might know we're here Anthony I at this point are convinced that we might as well do this show in the middle of the woods We have a very loyal audience. We understand that But it's a very small loyal audience, but it's like I mean good. I go out on the street You know what happens? Hey, you listen to any w any w man kick ass Dave Herman play me some rock and roll I love you classic rock Does anyone know anything's changed over here? I got my car fixed the Robert Chevrolet in Hicksville Yeah on Friday and I ran into this cop and suppose say hi to him I think his name is Bob or something like that guys right in one of our main demos He's gotta be 35 36 years old right? Okay, that that's a guy that just loves rock Yeah, remembers us when we used to work on the rock station on long out, right? It's like wow, man I didn't know you were back in town. Where are you? So w any w New York is oh wow I haven't listened that station in years. Um, yeah, but they play the best classic rock like ELP and supertramp Like well, we're not really playing classic rock anymore Yeah, we're playing some of the best old rock We're also updating the music playing stuff in the 80s and 90s and a lot of the newer bands now No, man, you guys play like classic rock, right? You know if we've only been at this for seven points Does the management here understand that when you've had jocks that have held their position here like popes That that that it's gonna take a little more than just putting the wacky afternoon team on to to shake things up and let People know things have changed. Yeah about some some the advertising of some sort Well, I remember when they talked us into coming here Because it was really tough. It took a lot of booze and stuff I Remember I really weren't in found in the trunk tied up right for the signed copy of the contract we really weren't into the idea at first but after a bunch of heroin and Yeah, and alcohol hookers and threats We decided to come here. They said no, we're gonna have a huge marketing campaign We're gonna you know plaster your faces on the side of buses. Yeah. Yeah, it's gonna be a whole thing. Yeah It's gonna be a whole thing. The only promotion we've heard about in the last seven months is The time we were supposed to broadcast from the world's largest pop tart pop tart I would I would appreciate a pop tart broadcast at this point because we're not doing any promotions or anything nothing Why are we out? Why isn't somebody coming here and go? Open Anthony we have you lined up for this this this of whatever that we're going out and we're doing stuff Let's just broadcast from someone's house who cares anywhere, right? I'll broadcast from someone's house. Oh wait, then the engineering department's gonna have to walk for some reason Yeah, we're not allowed at the engineering department for anything. They're too busy drinking their coffee. They don't have anything They don't have that equipment. They really didn't need it for when When the immunity was here and Herman, right? They never left the studio. Oh My god So now we're here. Yeah, people don't know anything has changed here at any w they still think we're playing classic rock I'll come on the street. It's a classic rock Dave Herman play me some rock and roll. I love scotch those British biscuits I think there's something changing over here if you guys think we're making this up when you're out and about tomorrow Ask ask someone what they think of any w what any W is about. Hey, who's on that station? Anyway, ask them Yeah, and they'll tell you they'll say Dave Herman Dave. Yeah, I'm uni. Yeah, I love Alison Steele at night It's great There's a Roscoe still working there Hey, what happened? But this is it that was another thing. They're like like two months in all the old-timers are gonna be gone Yeah, six months later. They're still here. Some of them are still here. Oh They know but it just took so long Understand it's hard to get the crowbar and wrench some of those people out of the seats Like it ends up like a you ever see a sign that was too close to the oak tree and after 800 years It swallows the sign up Just see part of one way maybe sticking out of the tree. That's how the jocks were with the chairs here Yeah, it's a girl around it. That's so true. So now things are changed, but no one knows because No one's telling anybody. Hi any w What's up, what's going on? All right Thanks Ah two for Tuesday blow Is that really a staple in this how we need to do two for Tuesday That's the most exciting part of everyone's week. Oh, it's two for Tuesday everyone people are very Very attached to that feature Hey listen, I got a chime in what you're talking about I was on a voiceover a month ago. Yeah, I'm downtown, you know I'm meeting a guy that's the producer of a spotty. Oh, Andy W I love you guys grew up with you listen to you for years. Okay pregnant boys, yeah Are you kidding me? Listener I'm sorry to tell you man there I take it from there any type of advert at this point I would want one of those Terry Gar commercials Comes on and talks about how great her life is because of this station The nice little backdrop a central part you get some dude like You know, I'll take anybody anyone ever. Hey, now we miss you a good Oh, hey, what the shift is doing now? We don't even have our meetings I Live in Anthony. Hey of all the stuff that happened last week I almost gagged I laughed so hard when you said Celine Dion is smuggling a yo-yo Tight jumpsuit you wear Yeah, that body body Canada drink the malted come down when you put the pound on damn camel-toe Matt hey did a great job of mornings I Did you got two more days? Two more days and then you're gonna do what nine to noon. Yeah. All right, cool. Here you go We were wishing you're gonna follow us but well We'll do something. I will figure it out. I got a key to the office. I'll be in there I'm at see you later. All right, there he is not to vote. You're voting Yeah, we just got to get something going. I any doubt the word gets out. Hello. Yeah, hi. What's up? Nothing I'm in stock with opiate Anthony right here. Really? Yeah. You're high speaking on the air. What's that? You're on the air Don't curse. Oh, okay. I won't do that Go ahead. This is where you talk No, I'm just kind of upset that you know, you guys are you know making fun of all of like Pete Herman and all those Pete Herman Pete Forna Herman Oh Pete Forna Muni Herman, you're gonna try to defend them. You don't even know their name. You're defending We're not making fun of any of those it was just it was just They were really really great and they played some great music as well play some great music Played with the program director told them to play and bust your bubble They never picked any of their songs in the last 20 years Jesus. What do you mean? What do you mean? They don't they never pick their own music that's what we always apply Yes, that's what we always hear Wow Dave Herman played the best music in the morning No, he was handed a list and he played them music So that's all they were known for was playing the great rock and they didn't even take that a monkey we put up in space had To do more. Yeah, but I was I was the wrong people back now How I feel I'm not gonna be scared of anyone if they get rid of us Oh, well, you're not getting my drift where we're not picking on them The drift is things have changed regardless of how anyone felt about who was here They're not anymore, but no one knows that out there It's a day this station for some reason has this aversion to advertising For some reason they're allergic to marketing. Yeah, very allergic to any type of marketing of the station So we all sit here we do our breaks we do our shows and Nothing changes. Nothing changes. Yeah, like I get that you see that Terry guard commercial You see her she's talking about how great this station is She listens to and how it makes her coffee better and everything, you know, I can't stand that frigging commercial, but I'll tell you one thing I don't like that. At least they're advertising You guys are really funny Thank you We'll try to get a Pete Herman back Pete Herman they don't even know That's why we try to do like some fun entertaining maybe Funny breaks in between the music because I'd be embarrassed if I came in here every day and had to play the list of music Oh and was known for wow being anything, you know, they played the best rock in the afternoon. Oh my god Oh Well good, it's only took till what almost six o'clock to everyone to know how disgusted we are Wow The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW Black Sabbaths Piranoid Stone Temple pilots and Van Halen to you still laying in with Opie and Anthony feel a little better now that you are We're able to let out a little steam Anthony venting a little venting happening. I know this still clogged them. Yes. Yeah pretty nasty What can you do? I kind of have an idea you do Yeah, let's send Rick out on the street to collect change for the marketing campaign for any W Well, no, not for any W just for our show now. I'm just for our show screw everyone else. Well, I Figured they haven't done for the station. So what we're supposed to come to the table for that for that So we just got to start with ourselves. So it's like every man for themselves at this point It's got to be Opie and Anthony are here on any W. Okay. Yeah So you want to send Rick out on the street tomorrow to collect change for our marketing campaign? everything if we can maybe go to some of the convenience stores and put a little little container next to the other containers with the emaciated German Shepherds on them and a little kid from Poland with one eye You know Maybe if we got to do that, we obviously we have to take the initiative here We have to do ourselves. We have been waiting seven months for some type of marketing plan We don't have the money to hire Terry Gar to do our little radio commercials No, so we got to do what we can do. Maybe we could get a girl from one of the porno movies. I Don't know They spent a lot of money on us already Anthony marketing us. Remember those wonderful t-shirts When their right mind would wear one of those things our baby pictures on a shirt. Yeah, let's see so far Okay, the t-shirts it spells out homo on the back with a capital H All right, the other there were the t-shirts the baby pictures Yeah, our baby pictures on t-shirts what rock guys gonna wear that this is cool, man All right, let's see as far as other things go We were gonna appear by the giant pop tart the world's largest the world's largest pop tart. Mm-hmm Hmm. No, really that was a great idea Wish we would have done that now something Any W yeah, I don't know being Anthony. All right I got that for what you're saying is with regard to a double if you got the 30-plus years You know and they did get long into if I did listen for the most part because the DJs are good The music got stale too And you're right they should start like breaking up the bank a little bit and start spending on advertising You know, I thought I had the fact I can't yeah Bring back the fact I got the fact guys, you know, but you're right It's nice to see that it's all you finally the management change a little bit and got some new people on the air You know, hey, I'm sorry here that alpha feels both is gone And you know that people want any W listeners they would have known that yeah I you know, but you guys are building you guys worth making a W listen to once again Hey, thanks man, you know somebody who is sitting with any W for 30 years. Hey, thanks a lot All right, we know that they're working keep on the wagon on the management. We will I Well, there's a guy on our side, huh? No, he understands we're in a bit of a dilemma here with how to market Our show and and whether we're gonna I mean what what what now we have we have to come up with a little a little Introduction for ourselves at this Air Awards thing. That's what everyone's working on What the MC is gonna say as he brings us up to the Air Awards this radio industry insider bunch of phony ass kissers And we got to go there you got to explain it further because it's a it's going over a lot of people's heads I was getting to that opi See in this business In this business of a bunch of insecure Jerk-offs they have to pat each other on the back every so often So they have these things called the Air Awards and you go there and they give each other these awards Best afternoon show best morning show best production in a commercial for green corn So somehow we got roped into Going up there and presenting an award. We have to present an award. Yeah, I heard about this today Yes today. I heard about this So instead instead of talking about how to market the station in our show They came into our office to Roger came in. What do you want them to say when you add a give the award? Why What for the Air Awards did that mean to be a presenter we got a couple ideas we want to run by you guys Yeah From their afternoon show on WNEW here's open You know hitting the airwaves making noise with that We're gonna make like we we we got we gotta get we got we gotta get some listeners first We got to worry about our radio show not how we're gonna You know be introduced at some stupid award show a stiff-faced people sitting in front of you You got to get up to a podium in and a high we're now giving the award No, no, Rick two midgets I swear to God we want two midgets to go in our place to present the award and have them Intro the fact that it's opiate Anthony right when they say and here's opiate Anthony I want two midgets with milk crates milk crates They have to stand on to get to the microphone To slap the milk crates down hop on there. That's it. We're totally serious, too Yeah, two midgets in our place next Tuesday Yeah with the bad t-shirts, yeah, and eating pop-tarts Oh my god tell marketing that that's what's gonna happen Tuesday you guys get two midgets to go in our place They can intro opiate Anthony the midgets go on stage with the milk crates That's it on the milk crates and give out the stupid award. I'm not going. Oh, I want midgets Yeah, fidgets up there given your midgets or fidgets up there same thing depends on who yes, okay Dems not babies. They're fidgets Well, I think I got a little song that'll make you a little happy I doubt it obviously you're filled with a lot of angst today Yeah, a little bit started off in a bad mood because you're a little cold and you had no oil in your house Yeah, I couldn't take a shower. Look at me. Look at my look at this I got like this freeze thing hanging out the back of my hat. I couldn't shower It's turning at the dreadlocks. It almost is For God's sake and I figure I thought for some reason we had gas water heat and then oil heat So I thought the shower was good. So I turn the shower just ice-cold. Yeah, I Sucked I think there's a first time you're more miserable than me. I'm just a mess today and I'm pretty much miserable every day Mess all right. I got a song that's gonna put you at ease though. All right, you need to pick me out Help me out. Help me out. I am gonna help you out here Anthony Are you son of a? Play the homo jet song for me Big win yesterday, let's get in the mood here today I'm getting emails that people have heard this on z100 as a legitimate song Like the jocks get all excited. Yeah That's the way that I go when you're luba Why are you playing this? Wait, here's the hook Oh Come on this puts you in a good mood Anthony. Oh puts me in a great mood I have an email about this song too that agrees that two guys We heard from the guy that wrote this song He said him and his friend were driving home from the Jets game listening to YMCA and they came up these lyrics and the guy Emailed me and said I agree with you Anthony what guy? What two guys driving home from a Jets game would listen to YMCA to get except two homos? Yeah And I think it's reflected in this song You might sneak one of those like faggy songs on your radio if you're by yourself knowing no one else is gonna You know, oh here you know that know that you were listening to it But when you're hanging with your pals and you're getting into YMCA together, that's a little song Okay, all right enough enough enough Give it to me. He sent another one. I cannot believe he sent another so I will put this in a very safe place Okay, yeah Places we need to play it about ten times this week cuz I know I know those game is yeah. Yeah. Yeah Sunday Did he send any more copies? This is the fourth copy He has sent any more though besides this one right now this is a no because for some reason I don't know the other copies got wrecked. All right. Well, I'll put it right here Here The rock of New York 1027 WNEW Smithereens a girl like you black crows before that from by your side kicking my heart around Those guys playing the boundary ballroom tonight. Ralph the tour did a great job interviewing the boys That was some fun radio and don't forget tomorrow This is your last chance to see the black crows tomorrow night at Irving Plaza The black crows will be at the Tower Records downtown tomorrow That's the one on fourth and Broadway and if you buy a copy of their new album you get a ticket to see them live Tomorrow night at Irving Plaza. That's a deal. Cool. That is very cool. Now. We're having a problem with the midgets Explain this again Anthony really fast, but we're supposed to um Supposed to present an award at the air awards, which is this thing that the radio industry puts on where they all get together and Smooch each other's butts by giving each other these awards. What's some of the categories Anthony? Oh my god You got your best midday show. Hopey. You have your best production in a creamed corn commercial You have best use of a slide whistle in a wacky zany bit So we're supposed to go we got roped into going see we hate the air awards We'll explain why because we were involved in them. Yeah, and We were up against some pretty heavy names talk shows and stuff Mm-hmm, and you're gonna sit there and say oh you're bitter cuz you lost. Yeah, we lost but we don't lose to another talk show Now we lost to a lady that said records and did a weather break. She did a weather break They played her winning tape like a this thing that she did that she wants like best afternoon drive talent Here comes the ferret egg from whatever the station was and here she is cuz every girl with a sexy voice in the air is fat Yeah, and she she's They play her tape her winning tape and it's just uh, yeah that was the Rolling Stones Tonight it's gonna be partly cloudy tomorrow. Look for some clearing and sunshine 76 degrees on jamming or whatever it was right and coming up another 30 minute music sweep Yeah, what's Celine Dion and all the jerk-offs in their suits they're clapping like wow that was great Geez, what a job. Oh So yeah, so it just showed us, you know how ridiculous this is hardly is and all sunny here today where we're presenting Yeah, does that happen? I don't know but we're not presenting so we want Two midgets in our place when they intro and here's Opie and Anthony I want two midgets to come out and cute little tuxedos cute little midget tuxedos Mm-hmm. I want to have those little milk crates. Yep, so they got a slap down make a lot of noise And I step up on them That's what I want, you know, yeah, so we need two midgets where do you get midgets? We got a radio show We got a few listeners out there if we have any midget listeners Maybe we could pay them. I'd be willing to you know, throw them a hundred bucks 200 bucks for you I'll be effort. I'll pay a midget a Hyundai. We need to know no. Yeah, we need to know we need an Opie midget and an Anthony midget Yeah, you think I should put the big wig on on my midget. Yeah, you could do that the big fro wig or something. Mm-hmm Cool. Yeah, the other magic it looks look like a surfer, dude Yeah, and they can be wearing our faggy Opie and Anthony t-shirts Yeah, the only marketing tool we got in seven months and eating a giant pop-tart Just be great So Rick go to the phones now and get our midgets. Oh great What? No, maybe they're busy faxing. Oh, that's right. We don't have fact paper It's the Bitter Monday show well We decided to come on the air and have everyone fax in there there's stuff about the Jets huge win yesterday Yeah, and we couldn't figure out why we weren't getting any faxes turns out we have no no fax paper in the whole building So there goes that bit today So if you were one of those idiots like, you know faxing over and over again and getting busy signals and and nothing going through That's the reason sorry. We can't afford fax paper this point I believe So Yeah, if somebody can come up with a couple of midgets for us or leads on that two midgets paramidgets Yeah, we'll pay them. We'll pay them. Well, yeah at least $100 each you'll be there for Half hour tops. Yeah tops tops. Yeah, that's it. All right. Yeah getting a request for the scrotum call from somebody out there. Oh That one yeah, I haven't played this in a real long time The rack of New York 1027 WNEW that's the new band train and free is the name of the song off their debut CD It's hoping Anthony out the door. Thanks for dealing with us today. Yeah There's the bitter opium Anthony show. Yeah, we have our fun days But we're really up and really fun and then we have our days like this where just a little vocal on our misery We're pretty manic I guess Swing one way and the other that's it. No, it's a prozac show. Yeah Then the boss will sit us down tomorrow and tell us we've been too negative lately We have to go to our happy place and we'll nod our heads and then we'll just go on the radio and do what we want Anyway, hear more stuff like pussky We're gonna be broadcasting live from the black crow show next At the Bowery ballroom, that should be some great broadcasting. Yeah, I'd stick around if I was you yeah