 The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW Meat Loaf from Bad Out of Hell. Kenny Wayne Shepard before that with Everything Is Broken. That's a Bob Dylan song, of course. I think you know that by now. And Samaril Smith to get the program going here. Meat Loaf behind the music. Didn't he die in his behind the music too? No, I think he's the only one so far. No, he, like, they all have this near-death thing that happens home and I was clinically dead laying on the, in the dressing room floor. Like, that's the big thing now for the behind the music and what are the other ones? Behind the celebrity profile. This one, who screwed up? Who lost the money? They're all laying there at one point. And I had the needle in my arm and I was dead. That was the Motley Crue one. Oh, I saw that one just the other day. That's probably the best one they've done thus far. Boy, they sure were enjoying themselves, those boys. They sure were. Wow. Did you hit, well, you saw it the other day. Yeah. Because we were talking about that on the way in a couple weeks ago. Did you hear how they were so hooked on drugs and they had no drugs around that they started shooting themselves up with Jack Daniels? Yeah, they'd take their needles that they usually shoot heroin with, put Jack Daniels and vodka in there and shoot that into their veins. Mainline it. Yeah. Whatever it takes. And did you hear about Ozzy? Yeah. Ozzy, they were touring with Ozzy and Ozzy at one point looks down and there's an ice cream stick Yeah. a line of ants going onto the ice cream stick. Yeah. You've seen it in your backyard or house somewhere. Of course. He goes down and snorts the line of ants like it was coke or something. They're all in a line. He's, hey, what is this over here? Let me just go. Just snorted ants. The Motley Crue goes, that is one effed up mother. Yeah. Well, there you go. Having fun. So there you have it. What's happening, brother? How you doing? We've been in a two hour meeting, so. Yeah. Now we got to focus on our little radio show here. I like those meetings though. Yeah, they're exciting. Yeah. Yeah. We had a lot out of them. It's great. It's really good. So you got some aspirin? The head's pounding. Was anything accomplished in this meeting? Yeah. I think we focused. We've refocused. Did you take notes for us? Oh, yeah. Where's my notebook? We're supposed to take turns. Yeah. And I didn't take notes this time. I took notes as good as I ever did in high school. Oh, we're in trouble. We're in trouble. I hope there's not a pop quiz later on today on what we learned at our meeting. Right. All of a sudden the boss comes running in with dittos. Dittos. OK. We're going to have a quiz on your meeting. It's going to count for half your grade. Yeah. You have to go into meetings when you're in radio and talk about how the show is going. How's it feeling? And the direction of things like the station. Yeah. We've got a new morning show coming on soon. Right. We have everyone in place now. We're ready to rock. Now we're finally ready to move forward. We're moving. Now we have no excuses. None. None whatsoever. People in their cars going, You should be best at the bit. Give us some ratings. The countdown has begun. That's it. They have turned the hourglass over. Yeah, everything's in place. No excuses left. That's it. You can't blame it on Muni. We've got the big, huge hourglass from the Wizard of Oz in the corner now. Here you go, my priggies. You've got this much time to turn it around. Whatever. All right. So let's get going here. Yeah. We have lots to talk about. Our little Opie and Anthony prep sheet is filled with things to discuss today. When I got a cover on the New York Post like this, who needs a prep sheet? I mean emblazoned upon the cover of the New York Post in all its glory, Corky Steinbrenner and Yogi Berra. Yogi Berra. We'll talk about them, I guess. All right. Yeah, I think before the show's over, you'll hear a little Corky. All right. Save it for later. I'm not my best friend. Fax line is 212-957-WAW. Please send a nice fax. Oh boy. Instant feedback is set all... Yogi Berra. ...is set and ready for you. Just go to WNEW website. Piggie in the basket. Yogi Berra, my best friend. Piggie in the basket. If you are going to use the instant feedback... There's a kundog in there. ...don't use it to say we suck or we rock. You know, give us something we could use for the radio show, okay? That's that. 1027-WNEW, the Rock of New York, Pink Floyd. Eve Six before that inside out. You're hanging with Opie and Anthony. Hello. And boy, oh boy, oh boy, am I excited. It looks like I'm going to get to watch basketball this season after all. You're going to watch? I am going to go watch the NBA. I can't wait. They have settled the strike. You're part of the problem then. Well, I don't know. I would boycott it. I wouldn't even watch it on TV. Well, they were talking to a lot of people in the streets today, and a lot of people are going to boycott the season, even though they're going to play a 50-game season starting, what, February 1st? They're saying the place will be packed. It doesn't matter. All the places will be packed. Without a doubt. It'll take a few weeks, and then you'll have sellout crowds, and then later on in the season, all of a sudden you're going to be reading your local paper going, what? They raised ticket prices again? Ticket prices? Why? I wonder why. Why this time? And we'll all just accept it and go on. Go ahead, Opie. You watch. Go ahead, watch. Well, I don't know how I feel about this. I really don't. I know I'm not going to watch in the beginning. I'm sure I'll get sucked in around the playoffs. I did say if they cancel the season that I would never be a fan ever again. But what do you do when they only cancel like half the season? You know? So have they totally decided when they're starting? I think February 1st is what I'm hearing, and they're going to do what, 48 to 50 games, and then regular playoffs. I don't know. We were listening to wins on the way in, and they were talking to someone on the street, and he summed it up perfectly. He says, screw the NBA. I now watch college instead of the pros. And he goes, because the college players play for the name on the front of their jerseys. And the pros play for the name on the back of their jerseys. I thought that summed it up perfectly. Yeah. Perfectly. Making money hand over fist, those guys. So they've settled the strike, and it just seems in general most people are like, yeah, whatever. Who cares? We got the Jets to worry about anyway. Yeah, exactly. But then after that, then the Super Bowl is over, and then it's like we're in the dead of winter, and baseball's a couple months away. We're going to get rooked in. It's a huge sports town here. We're going to get rooked in. Not me. I'm not watching. Because you hate basketball to be in with. Well, yeah, but I won't watch. Just on principle now. Not even because I don't like it. But on principle. On principle? Yes, I have my scruples open. So I won't be able to come over your house? No. Take over the TV like I usually do? Oh, thank God. No basketball in my house. Okay. Thank God. He comes over, grabs a remote, switches around like crazy, game to game. Yeah, because there's like three games on at any given time. I'll watch one thing at a time. You can't even do that when it's not basketball. That's just the way Opie watches TV. Well, in general though, there's not much on TV these days where you can sit through the whole thing. What was the last show you sat through? There's a couple of shows I watched that I don't mind watching. Everyone Loves Raymond. That's funny. The new show King of Queens. That one's pretty good. I like Just Shoot Me. I could sit through that a little bit. Sure. I sit through ER without changing. ER, NYPD Blue. I sit through that. Like that. Now that Bobby Simone's dead, I have finally started watching again. I have finally tuned in. I wasn't going to sit and watch that soap opera Bobby Simone Dying. Did you like Ricky Schroeder's ass? Yeah. Yeah, like second episode in, they have to have Rick Schroeder's ass. This is to Harry ass. Oh, that's right. He's now Rick Schroeder. Hey, it's Rick Schroeder. Right. Rick Schroeder. Yeah, that's a good show. Xena. You know, I watch Xena. The lesbian chick show. Woo! I like Xena's little chick friend there. I haven't watched Xena in a while. There's a whole dominant submissive lesbian relationship going on in Xena. Really? Yeah, she's got a little blonde crony girl and she totally looks up to Xena. Xena's like, you know, they're in front of each other and Xena's just kicking guys' asses. Do they show any nip? It's hard to see through, like, leather, chain mail. But, you know, yeah, you see. You know, Xena's pretty hot for a big Amazon dyke. You know? If you're into that, I mean, but her little blonde haired pal, that chick, she's kind of cute. I'll have to tune it in again. I never found Xena hot. There's something going on there between the two girls. Alone, no. Alone, Xena's like, there's that whole relationship between them that's really kind of hot. When they're swinging swords and kicking ass. It's great. Cool. What about when they took a bath together? Oh yeah, they took a bath together. What? Yeah, they've been playing up this whole lesbian thing, man. Yeah. Well, Xena in real life is a lesbian. How do you know? She's married. She's married. Got a kid? What's her name? What's her husband's name? I heard she was a lesbian in real life. Yeah? Don't call me that. There were rumors. There were rumors. There were rumors, but she's married? Yeah. Yeah, but that could be a beard or something. Maybe. Who knows? Who cares? Who cares? The show's kind of hot when they're taking baths together. What we were talking about was the NBA strike. It settled. How'd that get there? Well, that's what our show does. It's all over the damn road. Why don't these papers stay up here? Okay. You're a mess, man. Why am I a mess? I don't know. Your papers are falling on the board. You can't push the buttons. Just the cluster. Well, at least I got my headphones finally fixed. I don't look like a Mickey Mouse anymore. Yeah. Bravo to engineering. Opie submitted his headphones yesterday at, I believe, 3.05. And at 3.41, he got them back. 3.41 today. Would you have to solder? Yeah, today. Today. It took 24 hours to fix a pair of headphones and then there's a solder wire. It takes time for the soldering iron to heat up. Now maybe they can fix our phone. If you didn't punch it yesterday. It's ridiculous when you try to dial out on this phone because you could key in the phone buttons and like five to eight seconds after you push the button, it tones. So it's like you push the button and then sometimes they go, God damn, it was the last number. And you guys start over. So Opie just beat the crap out of the phone yesterday. I did. I figured if we beat it up enough and break it, they'll fix it. Buttons popped off. Have you seen a phone like this? When was the last time they used a phone like this? 1930? That's the one step up from having the wires that you have to move around, plug in. Yeah, please hold. One ringy dingy. That phone system is, look at it. It's a mess. It's got wood in it. Look it's wood. There's wood. Watch, watch this too. Okay. Count how many of these knobs I can make fall off with one punch. Okay, go ahead. Don't do that. We need that phone. It's like five to eight seconds. We need the phone. All right, give us a call. I want to make sure the phone's still working. 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York. That's the band Train and Free. Anyone else here? A little Marshall Tucker in there? Yeah, a little bit. Just a little bit. Yeah. A little Southern Rock feel there for you. So Opie and Anthony, thanks for checking us out once again today. Hey, Opie, we're going to be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. We'll be back. You had to go one too far. Why? Why? We were all having fun. Why? Stinkfist? I didn't say that. All the others were cute little lesbian bar names and you had to go over the edge once again. I said Stinkfish. Oh. Oh I said Stinkfist. Say you're the... Oh please. I swear to God I thought you said Stinkfist. What a mess. Let's just shut up. Well the phone's working again. Good. Hi, NW. Yeah. I've got a question for you guys. Okay. Are you guys there at a Black Crow concert tonight? Of course we are at 10 o'clock. Oh man, yes. And we were just told, are we allowed to announce that Ralph Dutour, the new guy, is going to be talking to the boys next week? Yeah. Next Monday, right? Next Monday? If we're not allowed it's too late now. Yeah, next Monday at 2 the Black Crows will be in the studio. Nice. Okay. But they are definitely on tonight at 10. 10 o'clock tonight? Yeah. They're going to debut on the new album and they're going to play a couple of ditties for us. Nice. Alright. Alright, thanks a lot. Thanks for checking in. Okay. Alright brother. Bye. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York Rush. Free will. It's Opie and Anthony. Big day in sports. Nolan Ryan, George Brett and Robin Yellen elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame. NBA reaches a settlement. Care. That's what most of the instant feedback is saying. Yeah, that and CNN's poll says most people don't care. They just don't care. Yeah, like 7% said they are happy, 8% said they were mad. Everyone else don't care. Alright. Yeah. Also Steinbrenner and Yogi Berra. And Feud after 14 years. I have a friend, Yogi Berra. Yogi Berra the picnic bad kid. You see him on the cover of The Post? Yes. Corky Steinbrenner. Well, he's got the crazy Eddie outfit on again too, I see. He's got the turtle neck. I don't know, does he think that looks good? He's trying to bring the style back. Give him a break. That's what he wears, the turtle neck and the jacket. And of course, we'll get into the Corky Steinbrenner later but the Jets playing the Jags. Alright. And we got our first Jets song. We knew it was a matter of time before our listeners would send in songs. Alright, well how is this one? Oh, I think it's a winner. What do you mean by winner? I think it's really good. You think it's good? Yeah, I think it's one of the best songs ever sent to us. Alright, is it an original composition? Well, it's done to YMCA. YMCA? Right. The Village People song. Yeah. Alright. Would you like to take a listen to this? I don't know but yeah, why not? Let's go. Oh, no. Oh gosh. Oh, Jeter. And they go by the name, Ben Green He's a fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat We got all the breaks and we don't care We'll do whatever it takes Tell them, Marinos, we won't fall for nothing Come on and sing this song with me now That's B-T-L-S Spongy Chimple the J-E-T-S Spongy Chimple the J-E-T-S What is this guy gay? What is he, a homo? I think he's a Packers fan J-E-T-S Dude, what, you don't like it? Okay, that's awful I think it's kind of catchy I'm not going to smash this one, I like it I like when... What? Come on, shut up, I'm trying to enjoy the Jetsong Right about this time, Jamie Farr is reaching for the gong mallet I'm going to make a little bit of a mess I'm going to make a little bit of a mess I'm going to make a little bit of a mess Jamie Farr is reaching for the gong mallet Oh, Jamie Morgan is trying to hold them back Oh, Jamie is getting to the gong Artie Johnson is saying no, no, no, don't gong him Oh, come on, enough of this This is awful Really? I thought we had a hit on our hands here Really? Oh We could have picked a better song Hey, what do you think of the Jetsong? Is it Opie and Anthony? Yeah Yeah, that song sucks Oh, is that horrible? Go back and make it fun of Scott Mooney, that was better What do you mean? I kind of like that song, it was catchy What, are you gay? That song sucks What, are you guys crazy? What about the Jervil song? That was better Alright, well, okay Man, you guys rule Thank you Take it easy Hi, Andy W Oh, the guy had a curse He had a curse Come on He goes, he goes, he's been a Jet fan for years, he's going to turn us, we're going to turn him into an F in Dolphins fan Guys, if we get you out in the air, don't curse, because then we dump out and then no one knows what's going on God, that, that was a horrible parody, I'm sorry Really? It's just terrible Well, let's see if someone else won't curse here Hello I don't know what this guy got for this song, but he should have gotten a life I mean, that was pitiful Isn't that terrible? I'm surprised you guys let it go on that long Well, because I kind of liked it Oh, come on, you have to be kidding me Oh, B, that song is going to go over great at the glory holes at the truck stop Look, I thought you had such great taste, please Throw this out the window immediately Alright, we got to fly Alright Alright Annabelle Annabelle, Rick is saying the guy who came up with the song is on line five Oh He didn't hear us just play it, did he? No No? Okay Alright, his name's Joe? Yeah Joe Did you guys get the tape? Oh, we got the tape Yeah Did you like it? Oh, we loved it I wrote a comeback for the Buffalo game when we played Buffalo Oh, really? Me and my buddy had nothing better to do for seven hours, you know? How drunk were you? No, we weren't drunk at all Oh Maybe a little bit Yeah But we were coming back and YMCA came on and we started singing that And I said, dude, we got seven hours to write a song, might as well Yeah, I think you got a hit there So I dedicate to all the crazy Jets fans that have been waiting for years for this? You got it Alright I think you got a hit on your hands Hey, if you know anyone who's got it to the Jets, I sent it to the Jets, but they told me that they don't take unsolicited material Right I think they were being kind I see a Grammy nomination myself Yeah, yeah, definitely Golden Globe, something That would be good Alright Alright Well, thanks for the song Thanks a lot, guys Alright Bye There he goes, Joe, who invented the Jets song He wants to dedicate it to the Jets fans and the Jets fans want to kill him Alright, well, I like the song, Ann, so I'm going to hand it over to you so you can put it in a special place A safe special place? Yeah, you better put that aside because Give me the card Okay, here you go Thanks, thank you No, no, really, you know, place it over there with the rest of our comedy material because between now and the Super Bowl we're going to need to play that a bunch of times for everyone I'm going to put it somewhere safe, I know, I'll take care of it, don't worry, I wouldn't want anything to happen to this Okay, I see that you got it in your hands and you're handling it carefully I'm going to put it down very gently Okay The Rock of New York, 1027WNEW Best video out there right now? Metallica, turn the page, right? I think so I don't know, I like, you know, Monica and Brandy Actually, I like Monster Magnet's video Space Lord? Yeah, that's a cool video They were trying to like imitate the hip hop videos with that Yeah Yeah, boy, hey, look who's in the studio, Ben the Fag We haven't come up with that name There's a listener out there that calls all the time and likes to know what's going on with Ben the Fag And Ben is like, not at all a fag He just got in a situation one time Where he was with some transsexuals, transvestites, whatever they were And he claims that he was too drunk to realize To realize, he walked out with three gorgeous girls and they turned out to be three guys Yeah Well, that happens, it happens to all of us, right? Yeah, it just happened to me, what, like three times last week? Yeah Walked out with some chick with a beard Yeah, Anthony makes that mistake all the time Oh yeah, it's common, I completely understand Every single night Well, yesterday, once again, he couldn't keep his big mouth shut And he unloaded a story of oral favors by a senator's daughter Yes This is pretty big with the impeachment hearings and everything And the trial coming up This is a senator, someone who's going to sit in judgment of the president, his daughter Rick, lock the door And Ben was saying that he was going out with this chick one night And that's all one night? One night stand with the senator's daughter? Yeah Well? No, it was more than one occasion Yeah, right And he's telling me that he doesn't know what her last name is What's the big deal in that? It was more than one occasion, it got to where you guys were having some kind of sexual contact And you don't even know her last name? No, I don't You're a whore, I love you God, what am I, what am I? Obviously it's pure jealousy, don't mind me Ben It's okay, but we've gotten a lot of calls who people think this girl is We have figured out her name is Kelly Yeah, I gave you that Yeah, he knew her first name, wow Boy, you must have been in love, huh? Actually exchanged first names? Did you see her naked to make sure, you know, she's not a guy? Well, you have this past One time past? One time is good enough, man Okay, this guy's a senator and he's not one of those little state things that, you know, a senator Works in Washington, senator And he says, now bingoes, it's from the south, I think she said Like the south, did she have a southern draw? No, she was alright No, you know why? Because her mouth was full, you don't know? Did you talk to the girl? A little bit Ben admitted, it was rape, wasn't it? Oh, come on Gee, you use duct tape on her Oh, come on, you exchanged nothing? You barely talked to the girl But bodily fluids? Did you do the famous you got really hammered and then started calling girls? No, no, no, no, it wasn't that hammered at all I just got back from Boston, it was Saturday night And you didn't talk to this girl at all? No, really, no, not about, you know, you know What's the use of talking, huh? I agree with Ben here Why talk to these girls? You just whip it out and start spreading the goo Hey, Gary! Hey, Dice, have you ever made it with a senator's daughter? Yeah, sure, a couple of times I thrown them nice ones They dig that Yeah, the father's so stuck up in the, you know, up tight They like getting on, shaking one loose You know, there was a couple of senators thought of this Oh, Dice, I would love to please you You come here, honey, I'll give you everything The top of my stuff looks like the Capitol building I swear to God, it's that big Hey, that's the first funny thing I said in 10, 12 years Oh! Give me my mic, give me my mic Yeah, get rid of Dice, we got a guy on the line Is it a guy or a girl? We got a phone call for you, Ben Uh-oh What do you got for Ben? Yeah What do you got for Ben? I'll tell you what I got for Ben, something he likes a lot Now, don't curse I won't, I won't But, you know, I just want to know Are you sure this wasn't a senator's son? Yeah, I'm sure Did you check the next Ben the Fag? Oh, this is the guy But you got big man hands, okay? This guy loves you, he's part of your fan club He calls you Ben the Fag Ben the Fag fan club Did you guys tell him what state the senator was from yet? Uh, South Dakota South Dakota, we figured it That's the South part, Ben We figured that out That's the South part Are you sure your name isn't Ben the Fag? Come on, Ben, I mean, we could have made that night even better, you know? You got a hummer from the senator's daughter, I mean, quote unquote daughter Then you check on him, you find a tree trunk Come on, Ben, what's your story, man? Now, what's your name? My name's Frankie Frankie, how long would it take you to figure out the woman you're with is actually a man? You want to know something? Not as long as it took you to ask me that question It took Ben three hours, we figured, right? Three hours? I guess so Three hours Yeah, you got these big calloused hands running up and down your leg, come on, Ben Think about this Okay, then, I'm going to go Okay, there's some issues I think you need to address For the sake of your own sake What a mess All right, well, thank you for your input there Oh, hey Thanks, Frankie No problem, guys, keep it up Bye You're fan clubbing, huh? He loves you That guy calls all the time, he goes, where's Ben the Fag today? All right, I'm thinking, I'm guessing it's this guy I'm guessing it's the daughter of Senator Tom Daschle from South Dakota Now, I don't know, this is just my guess, my personal guess If you were a betting man, which you are, you'd put some serious money down on that one Now, I went to the Tom Daschle webpage and I indeed see he does have a daughter named Kelly I see that, now let's punch up his picture, there he is Okay, Ben, take a look, did she look like him? No I don't know, I mean You sure you have the Senator doing this? Well, I don't know, we're going to have to investigate this further, I guess Oh, boy We're going to have to call up Tom Daschle's office and ask if he has a daughter Kelly in New York That'll clinch it Do we have his phone number? Yeah Oh, we do? Yeah, we do Did you find out, Rick? Oh, they're getting back to me Oh, yeah, they'll get back to you with Secret Service, you nut The press secretary says they're going to call me back and let me know definitely if she lives in New York Oh, the press secretary's calling back We'll find out in just a bit Alright, thanks for stopping in, Ben We're totally abused We ruined that one for you, didn't we? I don't think you could be hooking up with her again Unbelievable It's the only way, we're so jealous, Ben, please just get over it Obviously it's because we aren't out in the New York clubs banging things Banging frauds every night Girls, guys, whatever The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW, Dave Matthews Band, States, Opie and Anthony We just had a discussion about Princess Leia Yeah, what? Production director Jimmy thinks that Princess Leia was hot Well, for the time he was saying You know, back then, especially when you were a kid, when you first saw that, weren't you a kid? I was a kid Yeah, you was a kid, you walk in, Princess Leia's kind of, you know She was kind of cute for the whole thing, it was a space thing No, no, no, no, no, Bo Derek hot, Princess Leia not hot See, I didn't find Bo Derek hot back then because I was a kid And that was a grown woman and she was a little intimidating Princess Leia was more a girl I couldn't get past the Mr. Softy hairstyle No, it wasn't Mr. Softy, it was like Danish-ish She had some poppin' fresh cinnamon rolls on the side of her head I couldn't get past that look Well, that was the space look, Opie You don't understand the future, that's how all the girls will have their hairstyle You really thought she was hot? Not hot, it was for the time, being a kid, she was more relatable than Bo Derek Bo Derek was like someone's mom Hot No, you were, but I was a kid I was 12, she was hot Jeannie, hot See, Princess Leia No, no, back then I didn't find stuff like that hot To me, like Valerie Bertinelli was hot because she was cute It was more relatable to my age I wasn't going to look at a grown woman and think she's hot Why? When I was a kid Why? Because it was intimidating, it was like someone's mom I used to look at my teachers and think they were hot See, you have some kind of issue You definitely have an issue, man You never found older women hot when you were a kid? No, Marcia Brady, that type of thing, hot She was too young for me No, I was the same age too Now, Carol Brady, hot Oh, God, come on Mr. Brady Yeah, Alice, hot Alice? No, I just don't find, I didn't find women that age like Bo Derek hot Didn't have fantasies about older women when you were like 12, 13? No, it was so unrelatable to me Am I really the only one? It was just not relatable, I couldn't get a grasp on it Suzanne Sommers? No Hot It didn't work for me back then How old were you when 3's Company was out? I don't know You were my age, you were like what, 12? Yeah It doesn't work Hot No, no Mrs. Roper, hot Mrs. Roper in that muumuu, wow And she wanted some all the time, but Mr. Roper always denied her The mighty Roper Schwans What was that all about? Alright I couldn't, I needed girls like more my age That I would watch movies or TV shows and you know Kind of get into that whole scene Now everyone's calling, see what they want Rick Because no one knows how to do the phones right yet We try to put you guys on the air but They curse and we got to pop out and the radio's still on in their house Hi, any W? Yeah, what's going on? Hey I think the word Anthony's looking for regarding Princess Leia is Fox Really? It wasn't really hot, but she was cute, I agree with them Oh that brings up, now that you mention that word Fox That does bring up another girl that I used to love Who's the one that married McEnroe? Oh yeah, uh, uh, O'Neil, Tatum Yeah, Tatum O'Neil, that was more my speed In the Bad News Bears? She looked like a guy No, not the Bad News Bears, in that camp movie What was that one? I never found her hot No, well you're looking at someone's mom What are you doing? To me, like, Bo Derrick was an old woman Oh, Bo Derrick, naked, you're 12 or 13, you're denying? I liked Tatum O'Neil better back then Ah, Tatum O'Neil I was a kid for God's sake What's wrong with you? What's wrong with me? You probably liked Christy McNichols No, I didn't like her I saw Dyke O'Miloh even at that age He loved family and Christy McNichols No, I didn't like that Anthony admitting he liked Christy McNichols Did I ever say that? My God, it's like boxing with a retard verbally What are you doing? Hey guys What's up? You never had a crush on a bad girl or a cat when you were growing up? Catwoman, ha No I was like, I don't know how old, five or six, but I was dying for Catwoman, definitely, which one? Bad girl, only Julie Newmore, not Earthy Kidd Earthy Kidd, she'll give you some jaw She'll give you some jaw No I'm just thinking about that So you could relate to what I'm saying where you're younger but you're having fantasies about older women I was like the girl in The Avengers Oh yeah Diana Rigg Yeah, Diana Rigg Diana Rigg I kind of liked her in that tight suit She was older than you I don't know, it was more of an interesting thing to look at and go, yeah, okay, that looks nice There were no fantasies because how am I going to, I can't make that relatable to me Anthony had a fantasy about Tatum O'Neil What's that about? When I was her age back I heard you had a fantasy about Tatum O'Neil in a tight leather outfit That's more enticing Well now, of course, but I'm talking about when I was that age Anthony, did you have a fantasy of playing air hockey with Tatum O'Neil? Going bike riding? Remember that scene from Avengers 3? Yeah, I wanted to play air hockey with her Oh my God Come on, I've been waiting all afternoon for Corky All right, we'll get to Corky in a little bit You're too much I'm playing air hockey with Tatum O'Neil Isn't that how she got on the team or something? And then ride her home on my little motorcycle Hi, NAW Yeah, you know who I used to think was hot when I was a kid? Who? Diane from The Price is Right Oh, that was a woman Yeah, but I don't know, I was a kid and she did it for me I'm with you You know? I'm with you I used to love when she'd come out in her bathing suit I think she's still hot Is she the only one remaining? There's one blonde still remaining I don't know, I haven't been able to watch it because of work All right, man But she's hot Cool I like Gloria Partridge, she was older than me All right Not really Throw that in I like the mom Oh God, what? I like Gloria Hickey There you go Who is that? Jodie Foster Gloria Hickey In fact, Princess Leia, you guys are looking at the wrong movie You've got to check out Return of the Jedi When she's in the slave gear, bound and chained Oh yeah, where Jabba the Hutt is trying to get himself some That's it Yeah, yeah, she was kind of hot in that I can accept that A lot better than the buns on the side of the head Yeah, the Danish look Before the dope took its toll on her Started getting all bloated She's standing there with Mark Hamill online All right, man I'm going to take it as a thanks All right, enough calls for now I've got to take a little break here Look how different we are, Opie, you see? I don't know You have some kind of mother fixation And I was completely normal, that's nice Wait a minute Well, I'm a 13-year-old kid, 12-13, looking at 12- and 13-year-old girls As attractive and wanting to have like a little girlfriend And you're looking at a girl who's a little girl And you're looking at women old enough to be your mom Oh, and I'm outrageous because at 12 or 13 I like Bo, Derek, Suzanne Somers, Jeannie, and Mrs. Roper The Rock of New York, 1027W, N.E.W, Lenny Kravitz, Fly Away It's Opie and Anthony And we're getting into an interesting discussion here The phones are lighting up like crazy Another one of the stupid Opie and Anthony discussions That mean absolutely nothing Absolutely nothing The fan is discussing the NBA settlement And we're talking about who we thought was hot when we were 12 years old Well, TV and movies Well, I'm going to defend myself on this one Because I get the bad rep for being the psycho on the show Now, I, Opie, when I was 12 or 13 Mm-hmm Fantasized about Farrah Fawcett Mm-hmm Um, Bo, Derek Mm-hmm Jeannie, Suzanne Somers All older women Right Okay They were too old for me at that age I didn't like that It was like my mom's friends or something So Anthony had fantasies about Tata Monil Tata Monil was more my age The little girl from the Partridge family Valerie Bertinelli Um, uh, uh, the little red Laurie Partridge No, the little one What, Danny? The little girl The little girl Gloria Hickey Jodie Foster Now, she was a little too young And, uh, Chrissy McNichols I didn't like Chrissy McNichols I thought that came up No, the whole cast of that, um, little camp movie that Tata Monil made They were all hot But you just Entire cast You didn't fantasize about Suzanne Somers No, I didn't like that And Jeannie and Bo Derek Didn't like that It was too old for me at that age As I grew older, obviously, yes Very, very attractive Hi, Annie W Hey, guys, how you doing? Good Listen, Farrah Fawcett Nobody's mentioned This is the only hot angel, you know The other two were like moms back in the 70s No, man, Cheryl Ladd When she was doing that little snorkeling thing underwater Remember that? Cheryl Ladd was hot Because she was perky and kind of cute looking Do you remember Farrah before the angels In like the movie Logan's Run? Of course You know? And I mean, I was in seventh grade Well, like, ask Anthony Anthony, Anthony You were 12, 13 years old Yeah, I was born in 1963 Was Farrah Fawcett hot? Um, no Better? No The original angel She was too, no, too old for me She was too old for me, yeah She just seemed like an older woman I didn't really like that So you would have a fantasy about Tatum O'Neil Before you'd have one about Farrah Fawcett Back then, yeah You're a screwing man No way I'm talking about back then My age Who are you talking about with Farrah? Who is it going to hang that poster up on her With the frigging pencil in her hand And then you're going to be like Oh, my God, I'm going to be like Oh, my God, I'm going to be like Who are you talking about with Farrah? Who is it going to hang that poster up on her With the frigging pencil erases on her I don't remember any Tatum O'Neil posters I'm getting too tough Not only did I hang up the poster I got the matching garbage can I did You have the matching garbage can? Yeah, the garbage can Lunchbox and thermos or anything? No, we were too poor for that We took our lunch at school in a big, huge, wall-bound paper bag Is that a cool song or what? I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know I don't know Is that a cool song or what? Yeah The Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW Got to come out of that song with a little bit of a mellow attitude The FM jock attitude, yeah That's everlasting What it's like from Whitey Ford sings the blues It's opiate Anthony Thanks for checking us out today We really appreciate that Thank you What a little can of worms we opened up here Yeah, and people won't drop this subject We want to move on to other things But I don't know how it started at this point But Anthony didn't fantasize about Bo Derek and Suzanne Somers and Farrah Foster when he was 12 or 13 He had more or less fantasies or was into girls like Tatum O'Neil Girls my own age at the time Who else though? Tatum O'Neil Anyone down the cast of the movie Little Darlings Little Darlings, okay Also when I was younger, the girl from Nanny and the Professor, the blonde haired girl Oh, come on Come on, she was cute Is this a bit for the radio? You didn't have fantasies about like Cheryl Teigs Well, Cheryl Teigs was kind of hot But no, it was just something that was unattainable and very out of Wasn't my age When I'm 12, I was looking at girls that were 12 You were into Marcia Brady Yeah, I found nothing hot about her when I was 12 or 13 You watched the Hawaiian episode? You get nothing out of watching her at the hula class The Hawaiian episode with the little grass skirt and she's on the top You want to play that song? Even Jan looked good in that for some bizarre reason You know, that'll be a good way to end this discussion We'll play the Marcia Brady song because Anthony was so into Marcia Brady He wrote a little song about her I did, I wrote a little ode to her That's true All right, so basically, let me set this up here I was into Bo Derek, Suzanne Summers, Farrah Fawcett, Laud, Esther Roll When I was 12 or 13, Anthony was into girls more his age And that's bizarre You call that bizarre? You're 12, you're looking at women When I looked at women like that, of that age I thought of my mom's friends Genie? I understood they were hot I didn't look and go, ew I looked and went, oh, that's a pretty lady It's a woman that's like my mom's friend I didn't use pretty or lady in my fantasy I don't know what you're thinking at 12 years old, Opie, first of all What do you got, bro? Dude, when I was 12 years old, I had a class full of 12-year-olds to look at Instead, TV was for fantasizing and exploring stuff, man Wonder Woman? Dude, Wonder Woman? Wonder Woman was the epitome of the woman that was like my mom's friend Get out of here, man Wonder Woman, I can let her lasso me anytime, man The lasso of truth? Are you kidding me? You guys are bargain Yeah, no, no 12 years old, I got a bunch of schoolgirls I can go look at, man Hey, Anthony, we gained a mega listener Anthony Alright, one at a time Yeah, yeah, yeah Anthony, man, if that's why you're not the grand poobah, man Nah, come on It's all at a young age, man Alright, no, I just didn't see that as something that I would be interested in sexually And that's what separates you from us Now it's a different story Alright, Opie, who are you into? Well, this guy hit it on the head with the facts How about Jimmy's sister in good times? Thelma Yeah, but she was like 17, so that was kind of, she was kind of hot Kind of, I stole that playboy because she was so hot Still a little frightening for me because, you know, that was the crossover Little jungle fever What was wrong with little jungle fever? 12 or 13 Opie, a little taboo there I don't know That's what made the fantasy even cooler and hotter I don't know, here, let me play a little music for you Maybe this will get you hot I'm cutting it out Turn it off Alright, yeah Boy, I sure like that mod Turn this off Betty White, what a piece of ass Turn it off God, I love that Betty White ass Turn it off Turn it ass It's still getty, now she's the hot one out of all of them She's short, you can rest a beer on her head Shut up That's the fantasies I had You're sick, Opie You are sick, you're into these older women Yeah, Farrah Prosser, Suzanne Sowers is all I just love it when you're 12, I looked at them as women Alright, fine As older women Fine, I got a song for you Come on Come on, get it You're an ass You're a deep enough deep enough Now you know this is not what I meant You're a deep enough deep enough Where the air is deep Alright, smartass, touché You're a deep enough deep enough Where the air is deep You're an ass Come on, get it Come on, get it After the visit to Romper Room Yeah, that's me Put on my romper stompers and go to town Okay, good Well, we wasted too much time here Very cute Here we do have Anthony's Marsha Brady song 1027W, Andy W, the rock of New York, David Bowie, Gene Genie, Sophie and Anthony I'm sorry about my words today No, why? I haven't noticed Why, you drinking? No, I got this big huge disgusting sun blister sore on my lip I didn't notice Yeah, yeah Come on Come on God damn, I hate this What caused it this time? Well, I get them from stress and the sun I was down in Florida Oh, right, the sun, yeah So I'm hoping this is a sun one Yeah, it's not too embarrassing When you're walking around the halls and everyone just stares at it Yeah, yeah, I look like a dork I got a big huge sun blister on my lip But my lips are like, they're so tight I can't open my mouth Oh Alright I figured I'd just bring it out in the open because you haven't said anything in two days I wasn't going to say anything Well, what do you think? You obviously see it I don't throw rocks, man Not when I come in sometime with a huge freaking poon on the side of my head Or one of those Dudley Do-Right zits on my chin Yeah, that's great Oh, look, I look like Dudley Do-Right Or a big Cyrano de Bergerac one on my nose or something I'm not saying a word about your lip Your lip looks just fine Cool, cool, I appreciate that I noticed everyone's staring I figured I'd get it out in the open You're with the lip balm, I'm with the stridex We both shut up, everything's fine Alright, hey, your brother's checking in, Anthony What does Joe want? Well, Joe, he's going to analyze you He thinks he knows why you're into older women Not into older women, not into older women when you were younger When I was younger, I wasn't into the older women that were on TV I was into the girls that were my age And he's figured it out? Yeah Hey Joe, what's up? I've got to do it, man I can explain Anthony's aversion to older women, I think I'm not positive, but I think I can Well, when we were growing up, we lived in California for a couple of years Here it comes, ancestor words Buzz mean anything to you? Yeah Alright, anyway, Buzz was older She was much older than Anthony And she was a friend of my dad's and his wife Well, there were a lot of those girls out there They were older and they had the morals of like the crack house But this one particular girl, Buzz, was the first one to let Anthony know the pleasures of manhood And if my memory serves me correctly, correct me if I'm wrong, because I don't want to lie Buzz had a pretty nice bod She had major dairy, she looked pretty good But she had that connecting eyebrow thing going on Like foliage above her eyes And she had like a distended forehead And an undercut jaw, like a Neanderthal More like a Cro-Manyon Yeah, I think she was what, 20? She was 20 or 21, something like that Anthony was about 13 Wait, how did this come about? The old man hooked it up on my 13th birthday He left her there to babysit And then him and his wife went out And I thought we were just going to sit and watch TV And this girl, Buzz, goes, why don't you go up and take a shower? I'm like, oh, okay Still not figuring it out I get out of the shower and I go to walk downstairs And from my father's room I hear, aren't you coming in? And still I'm like, oh, what you doing in here? I turn and look in the bedroom, all of a sudden she's sitting there And the sheet is up to her belly with the huge book hanging over the top of the sheet And then I just went like, oh my God, here it is Here it is, it's going to happen So yeah, I crawled in there And I didn't even take my underwear off I didn't know the protocol at this point So she's running her hand down my side And she gets the underwear and she's like, oh, you're going to take these off? It was just a mess You thought she didn't just grunt? That's pretty much it That's what I figured, Anthony's a version to older women Wow, you psychoanalyzed me Joe, you ought to be a shrink when you're not making ductwork Thanks, man Really, why aren't you in a psychiatry or something? It's like a damn brush fire in here The abuse starts on one guy It's like, screw that, I'm fighting for dear life here I'm fighting back I was on my way home, I just figured out how to give Opi some ammo Wait a minute Well, at the same time in California Joe was what? A year and a half older than Mick So what were you, 14? Yeah, about He's banging some 35 year old chick that lived down the road Suzy Sheepard And I swear to God, she had hips on her like she could have birthed a baby hippo Remember her? Yeah, I remember her Oh my God, what was going on back then? I don't know, man, but I'm officially going to say I was abused as a child Where were the parental units? Oh, please, halfway through the bottle of Jack Alright, man The stock market did well today, huh? Woo! How many points up was it? On a tear What, how many points? You want exact points? Well, about, because I'm looking at New York 1 and they just said that eBay went up 59 points today The Dow up 233 Wow 0.78, up to a new record 9,544 Wow 0.97, flirting with 10 grand And I think the Nasdaq set a record today as well Oh yeah, 2320 eBay up 59 points one day That's how those internet stocks are, Opi But you have a theory on the internet stocks at this point I do? Well, you explained it the other day It's kind of like the pyramid scheme You've got to be careful with these things They could all crumble at any given moment But use them to make money on right now Anthony's starting to do a little day trading with the internet stocks I'm proud of him I was screwing around with a little Amazon today They split three ways the other day So the shares were affordable again Picked it up at 125 a share, Opi Now, I know what you make here How many shares were you able to buy? Five Yeah, I picked up a quick five shares A little strain on the account But you know, you've got to go for it You've got to have some balls Get in there, get your feet wet Five shares Five shares Yeah, I wanted 10 but Jen told me no And you sold already? Oh yeah, I'm not crazy How much did you make today? Well, let's see, I sold it today at 138 Closing at 138 13 times 5, you made 75? 65, that's right, $65 today My commission's 75 bucks Wait a minute, I've got to look back into this Now they're showing Patrick Ewing on New York One? Yeah Look it, what happened? And where's the suit, man? What happened to Patrick Ewing's negotiating suit? If you're driving home, make sure you check out Patrick Ewing in his blood gang outfit He's a member of the Crips now Now he's a member of the Crips now that the NBA strike has been settled What happened to Pat with the suit? I don't know Now he's got the big black hooded sweatshirt on over his head Yeah He doesn't need that suit anymore Anthony, your sister's on the line here Donnie? Donnie What does she want? She wants to talk about you losing your virginity to the babysitter when you were 13 years old Oh my god, my brother just abused me about that And the babysitter was 20 and you were 13? Yes Donnie! I don't believe this Oh, good job You know, I am barely off the plane I am in the parking lot at McGonagall's and I turn on the radio and go, oh, I can still hear a little bit of the boys And I got a tune into that Where was I, Anthony? We shared a bedroom at one point if I remember correctly I was only like, what, 10? That's why Buzz was babysitting She wasn't babysitting for me, she was babysitting for you Where was I? You were asleep Anthony, one thing I remember, you were ugly You were really ugly I'm sorry You had a beautiful wife, you had some pretty girlfriends and stuff, but she was ugly She really was Now I know why Anthony abuses me so bad about how I lost my virginity He didn't want this to come out Oh, God, I'm losing again But Opie, as Italian girls can have sympathy for the hairy women Alright, don't Okay, let me watch the road here Talk to you guys later Bye Bye Alright, my sister Isn't that nice? Opie, I'm not the only one getting abused today What are you carrying? Actually, you're not really getting abused this way, people being very sympathetic About what? Other people can relate to your story about having to bring your lunch to school When you were a kid in that big shopping bag Oh, the big... Oh, we talked about that earlier Yeah I'm not kidding, gang This is so sad, man This is so sad I was one of seven Didn't have a lot of money to go out and get the little cute brown lunch bag Well, how much were little lunch bags? I understand we probably didn't have much money, but Poor people tend to live in classic society Poor people tend to live in classes That would be your problem So we made do with what we had around the house And my last pal or bag was the big huge brown wall-bound shopping bag And you had to fold it up and bring it home when you were done with it Like, it recycled So at that point it's not even nicely creased, it just crumbled up With no real distinction out, it just looks like a big gunny sack Exactly David Laura Ingalls had a little bail That boss just entered a school with That's how I brought my lunch to school Oh, that's sad Hi, Andy W Hey, Opie, how you doing? Good This is the truck driver that was going through Harlem last month, remember? Yeah, what's up? You know, I'm listening to you guys, you guys are tremendous But I'm listening to you talk about your childhood And you know, when you talk about the paper bags I'm surprised you're not a recovering alcoholic Let me tell you something I went through some of the same stuff I'm in recovery now Oh, man But the feeling, some of the feelings, you're kicking up You know, I need to remember, you know? Well, you're at the bus stop and all your friends have the Star Wars lunch box Lunch box, and the Hawks family lunch box And Brady Bonds And you're sitting there with the big huge brown wall-bound Grocery bag, it leaves a few stars, trust me And you're playing roller hockey, everybody's got those shoeskates You come out with the ones that clamp onto your shoes, you know what I'm saying? Come on, give me a break, Pop Get me some skates, you know? You had the clamp on ones? Gee, we had to nail Tonka toy tires to our sneakers I'll tell you, what a... You guys are really funny, man I didn't even realize they were brand names until I turned 18 You opened up the covers in my house, everything was no frills You had those like beaks and corn It got so bad, we had powdered milk Oh, God Try enjoying a bowl of Captain Crunch cereal with powdered milk I at least had the carnation, you know what I mean? I was one of seven kids, they did what they could We also watered down our orange juice, so to this day I can't drink orange juice unless I water it down Oh, no You watered down orange juice? Every time I got some, it was broke, I had to jewelry rig it to get it to work And then we got one haircut a year, that was a good one Yeah, it was a great cut Wait a minute, Opie, what was that delicacy you used to eat? The bread and sugar I'm not going to admit to that one Opie's telling me this When they used to go to the beach, they used to make bread and sugar sandwiches for the kids My grandma talked us into believing that bread and sugar sandwiches were not only healthy for you, but they tasted good That way you couldn't tell you were eating sand in your sandwich either You know how everyone had the ice pops? Yeah, you used to put them in the freezer and freeze them When I went to my grandma's house, I'm one of like 30 grandchildren Not only would she cut those in half, she'd refill them with orange juice and put them back in the freezer With watered down orange juice So I got some problems, what can I tell you? Yeah, but thank God you're alright, I've got to go to meetings I'm the normal one, you should talk to my brothers Oh, yeah? Oh man, my brothers will make you cry laughing Alright brother, take care Take it easy Bye bye The thing with the sandwiches, Anthony, real fast Yeah It wasn't just bread and sugar sandwiches, the sugar would obviously fall out Oh, you had a method to this? Well, it was margarine and butter Oh, the margarine was used like the spackle to hold the sugar on Okay, that makes perfect sense now Boy, there's a healthy little treat for the kiddies 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York, Boston And Johnny Lang, lie to me, Johnny Lang's stock went up 52 points today because of us Do we own stock in Johnny Lang? At this point? I put him in my portfolio My little stock portfolio Alright He's on the tube again That's the boss Corky Steinbrenner is on the tube again They're showing the footage of him making up with Yogi Berra I'm the boss, Corky Steinbrenner I'm a best friend with Yogi Berra I love Yogi Berra, Ranger Smith and Boo Boo Berra I made the picnic basket and get a condom Yeah, they made up after 14 years This is the best manager in baseball Yeah, look, they're all kissing, hugging, having sex together Look at this, on the front page of the daily news It looks like he's getting all weepy again, just like he got after winning the series Renewing my friendship with you makes it even better You're the best manager in baseball I love Yogi Berra And Seth Bunga make up with Seth Lister And Scooby Doo I make up with them after many years I'm gonna make up with Scooby Doo Yogi Berra's the best Cause he's always on the get the picnic basket Pick it back again, condom Oh, I got them Oh, I got them Oh, I got them I'm gonna find him to my wedding when we got married Cocky Stomper, I'm the yankie Oh, there you have it, biggest story in New York today And we got a front page And Anthony makes fun of it Cocky Stomper, well, look at the guy You know what, in the post they have on page 3 A picture from 1983 With Yogi And that's the boss He's got the suit on, he's got that, I'm a pain in the ass look on his face I'm gonna kick your ass if you don't listen to me look Now he's kinda got that old Pike, this is the best team in baseball His mouth is all They keep showing that clip, it's just priceless That is the best clip, the best clip in baseball Of him just crying, receiving the trophy And to get the trophy from you, I've known him for so many years He was corky from Life Goes On, looks just like him now He's still got the crazy Eddie outfit on, crazy Georgie Alright, what else to do here? People want to hear that Marsha Brady song, we can leave with that today You could after the theme of part of today's show anyway Yeah, if you weren't listening throughout the whole show You missed a lot today Yeah, you really did, we finally had a good show Hit on a lot of subjects Sometimes it happens, like Lotto You gotta be in it to win it, you gotta listen, it's a good one Sometimes all this babbling actually makes sense But tomorrow we'll return you to your regularly scheduled program Alright, well we got on the discussion I said when I was 12 or 13 I was fantasizing about women like Bo Derrick and Jeannie and Suzanne Summers and Cheryl Teagues And Anthony said they were too old for him at 12 or 13 and he had more of the fantasies with women Tatum O'Neil or ladies like Tatum O'Neil Was a good one And Christy McNichols Well not Christy McNichols so much, I like the chick from Different Strokes The sister in that, Dana Plato, she turned into a real good crack hoe didn't she? Well you could tell at an early age she was just going to be a slut fag She had a great ass on her And you had a crush on Marcia Brady when you were 12 or 13 Who did? Well no, not that old, I was like 9 I think 9, ok I'd never found her that hot No, because I was into like I said Jeannie and then the rest of them I liked Marcia Jamie Summers Huh? What, what, what, the Bionic woman Bionic woman, oh god, like every teacher I had I was into She was the most unsexual thing ever I was into Jamie Summers Ugh, ugh I fantasized about her Big time Ugh One thing that annoyed me about that show You know how she had the bionic powers and stuff and she could lift the cars and stuff Yeah? What, you've heard this one before? No, no, I'm just wondering what this is What? Because I had a problem with a few things like that too Alright, well she's lifting the car right? Yeah And she's so powerful and stuff Right Did she have bionic high heels on too? Her high heels never broke They never broke, I never could understand that Well I never understood what, Steve Austin had the bionic arm Yeah And he would lift up a car Yeah But at some point his bionic arm is connected to his real flesh So that's the weak link, it would rip right out I don't care, unless his whole body's bionic You can't lift the car up Because at some point the car's weight is being transferred to the point The bionic arm meets the real flesh And rip right out That's just like the high heel Yeah That would crush under the pressure of lifting a car Of course Okay That's settled At least we agree on something today Thank you I learned something in my physics class Two reparts Alright, so Anthony was so into Marcia Brady Yeah That he wrote a little ditty Yeah, me and Rod Gut performed this one