 1027WNEW, the rock of New York, Two for Tuesday with R.E.M. That's the Sorry song. A lot of people don't know what the real title of that song is, Anthony. It's called South Central Rain from the Racking CD. And Orange Crush from Green before that. And there's Two for Tuesday. On the way we got some ACDC. Oh, we're playing Money Talks today. Very cool. All right. It's an EDGE CD, a fine CD by the band. You have the music in front of us there. Are we rocking today? We are definitely rocking, Anthony. I must say. Let me take a peek at the Two first coming up. Take a little Two for peek. I'm going to take a peek at the Two first. You two, Stones, Springsteen, like it. Petty, okay, very good. Arrowsmith, Metallica, Doris. Oh, good, good. Meat and Potato, Rock and Roll. That's what I like. I like it. Van Halen, Bowie, Crows. And Melonhead. Very nice. Nothing silly in there? Honestly, no. Good. Good. Every song we're playing. Well, except for that one. But that's okay. But you can't like them all. That's obvious. But as long as there's nothing silly. No, nothing silly. We'll make believe we love every song. Okay. Want to stay in the truth? All right. I mean, you can't honestly say, you know, you're tuning in your favorite radio station, you honestly think the jock likes every song he plays? Well, and they talk like this, they do. That's kind of silly. I like every song we're playing. That's kind of silly to think that. Yeah. And I guess if you're in the business, it's sacrilegious to talk about the talk bad about the music you play. Right. So there's a song in there that you don't really care for. One or two. Yeah. All right. We'll try to we'll try to figure them out. No, no. I'll try to figure them out. All right. You could try to figure out as I go along today. You can play along at home. Try to figure out which songs Opie doesn't like. Listen for the listen for the sarcasm. All right. What do you want to do here? There's a lot to do. Yeah, we're getting a ton of faxes and phone calls. People want to hear the William Shatner game analysis from the jet Broncos. Well, everybody's been doing game analysis. Yeah. And they look at the game. They see what the problems were, where the jets went wrong. It's been hashed and rehashed. Maybe on the fan you're back in the red dog. I'm not going to get a game. They deserve a lot of credit for their spectacular run that you had all season long. I obviously had quite a problem with the Broncos. Are they still talking about the game over there? Oh, of course. Got to get Bill Parcells a lot of credit. He's coming back for another season. Bill Parcells obviously has to come back and he wants to go out of winter. So he's got the team. He could go all the different. Maybe next year. That's right. All right, listen, we can make this our jets break. This group is the Scott Van Dusen. Is this the same Scott Van Dusen I worked with in Rochester? You radio people don't know each other. You're one big happy family. I worked with a Scott Van Dusen in Rochester at WCMS. Anyway, didn't I work with Seymour Dix back out in Frisco? I believe it was 68. Sure, that was Seymour Dix, wasn't it? Was it the Seymour Dix? No, no, there was a Seymour Dix out of Missouri. I remember at K. Ellen Huell. And then there was a Seymour Dix out in Frisco and a Seymour Dix out in San Diego. You know, the sad part is there's another Opie working in this business. Yeah. And this has been my stupid nickname since I was a kid. It's not even a radio name. Yeah, you got screwed. I really didn't get screwed. You picked a wacky radio name. Opie. Hey. Yeah, I would have picked this one. And then I have to be, my real name has to be Anthony. So people get confused going, oh, Opie and Andy, that's cute. It's a Mayberry thing. All right, would you like to hear the Jet song? Yes, I want to hear this. This is about the the lost Sunday. OK, so as you don't like it, tell me and we'll get rid of it. All right. Oh, it felt kind of bad when he said, you think of them. Whoa. He could sing. This, they are. I saw a rock. Your phone call just called as the judge began I see new uniforms and you're looking for something new And yeah, I ain't lost the process of what we say here Summer, rockin' down That's a low blow I ain't won I'm staying at my heart's stadium I ain't won I'm afraid to end your season I can't burn But burn And yeah, when I go out on you You'll see me at great teams Summer's gonna end My little King Green My little King Green Maybe next year Summer's gonna end Alright In the final, the Broncos repeat as AFC champions And they'll return to the Super Bowl Yeah, well, that was alright It had potential, they only had two days to write it though I just wonder what David Coverdell's been up to Alright, well, there you go Alright, you want me to file this? Yeah, you could file the Jets losing song We'll probably play it again, right? Later on, I think Because it's really good? Yeah, I think so I'm sure all the people that suffer through watching the Jets lose really appreciate hearing that Yeah, so once we're aside, we can play it Alright Yeah, that'll stay right there The Rock of New York, 1027W, any W, two for Tuesday with ACBC ACBC off the Razor's Edge, that is Money Talks This Razor's Edge CD, very, very good, very good It's overlooked by many rock stations around the country, unfortunately But there's a bunch of ditties on this thing that are great songs for the radio Including Thunderstruck Alright, you don't care about my little ACDC rap? I'm looking, as you're talking, I'm looking at instant feedback I'm jotting some things down, Opie I'm very busy on this side of the console Yeah, sure you are What are you doing over there? I was writing some stuff down For our Clinton bit that's coming up? I mean, oops No! Yeah, that could be, maybe, something like that Okay, alright Well, let's play the William Shatner from yesterday, if I can find it here Yeah I mean, we don't want to just pound the Jets' loss to death here But William Shatner was in yesterday And he analyzed the Jets' performance against the Broncos Unique analysis, so check this out Greetings I have a few thoughts on the game, Opie Anthony, let me speak Okay This John Elway is a lot like the Gorn, I thought, with those huge teeth I believe if a couple of members of the Jets could have found some sulfur and diamonds in a bamboo tube and fashioned an impromptu cannon They could have fired it at him, as I did against the Gorn Thus, Karen, being victor Girel Davis, much like the burrowing Horta made of rock Was able to burrow through solid rock with acid Why didn't Barcelles mind meld with Girel, telling him they were on a mission of peace for the good of man? That would have worked, I believe, in stopping Girel How about Vinny Testaverde? If only they could have implanted the Romulan cloaking device in him, rendering him invisible Though they could not see where he was passing the ball, only to become visible as he passes the ball Well, that seems logical Why couldn't they get the Romulan cloaking device? And finally, maybe if they would have defeated them as I defeated the Gamesters of Triskelion With a battle to the death with a morgue, thus freeing the enslaved thralls This could have worked My analysis on the game Mr. Sulu, get us out of here Well, you make a lot of sense Oh, there he goes I get it Wow, he did make a lot of sense If only they could have fashioned a cannon and shot Elway with it like he did the Gorn It makes perfect sense You know, you have too much time with you The Rock of New York, 1027W, NAW2 for Tuesday with U2 from the Joshua Tree Joshua Tree, Bullet the Blue Sky By the way, my favorite CD of the 80s Is it? Joshua Tree Not many great albums came out of the 80s No Appetite Destruction did Joshua Tree What is your favorite album of the 80s? Of the 80s? Would it be Kajagoogoo's greatest hits? Uh, yes, yes Yeah, I couldn't get enough of Too Shy Shy That you had to buy the whole album? Oh, yeah See if they had a follow-up hit? Yeah Culture Club was another big favor to mine One of your faves? Yeah Frankie Goes to Hollywood? Frankie Goes to Hollywood I think you were into that band, huh? Just give me any 80s fag band Yeah, I'm there, Opie, yeah Yeah? Adam Ant? Oh, yeah Sure Kitty Tushes? That fits you Of course You're a jackass today I'm just smart as you're all wound up I'm wound up and filled with sarcasm today Well, I think Congrats are in order For Jimmy Yes No matter how much we bitched about The evolution of the rock of New York Remember that little dark period That we had to go through? Well, he won an Aero Award Yes, he did What is it, Artist in Radio? In Radio or something like that It's truly an honor Right Jimmy brought home the hardware for N.E.W. Because he did a great job on it Yes He produced the whole thing All the cool sweepers and the news clips And the montages It was very well produced And he walked away with the award We just didn't agree with the concept at the time No Jimmy was rewarded for his hard work today And we want to congratulate him Congratulations All right We didn't get any awards We didn't even submit I don't think we'll be getting any awards We didn't even submit, though I know We don't submit to awards I know It's a big kiss ass I hate awards We were voted runner-up best afternoon drive show in the country, though Yeah, isn't that funny? I guess our peers It was in one of the trade magazines Well, I'm honored, Opie Did our peers feel that? That came out December 18th, I think But we didn't get an award for that Because I guess we were runner-ups or something Runner-ups Runner-ups Always sloppy seconds for the Opie and Anthony show Who cares? All right On line one we got someone that has an observation about Star Trek Okay One of your favorite shows, Anthony Good Hi, Andy W Hey, Ann Is it just me or did that doomsday machine look like a giant doobie? A big doobie Yeah, and it was even burning kind of It was It had a live head, you know It was a little pinched down It looked like it might have been chewed on a little bit on the end But it was a big fat doober And you said something the other day that just killed me, man But I can't remember the frigging name of it You remember Gummy the Dwarf from the Was it the Tholian Web? Yeah What drink did he offer Kirk? Captain Kirk, have some trania Trania, oh my God How the hell you remember that shit? Trania, Trania Well, listen, I got a work call, guys All right Take it easy Bye The word of the day is Trania, Captain Kirk We are a lot alike, both proud of our ships Ha ha ha ha ha ha That was Ron Howard's brother Yes What's his name? Clint Howard Clint Howard He was a little fidget back then Back then They put him in the spaceship And he's sitting in that chair With that big huge forehead of his Oh, he had a shaved head and everything? A light-bulb head that he's got working? This huge light bulb head and these gnarly teeth Captain Kirk, I was testing you Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha Have some trania Ha ha ha ha ha ha Love that joke, damn it Hey, we want to say hi to all the members of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club Checking in Yeah To the program this afternoon We got the Hummer Queen song here Oh yeah For all the members And we are encouraging everyone out there To send in their Tuesday Night Hummer songs Oh, Opie, Opie People will never learn how to use the internet I got an email here from Joe He says, Hey guys, I listened last Friday It sounded like loads of fun But the pictures on the website are too small And do not do the event justice it deserves He's talking about the smash the bronco thing we did Friday Yeah See if you can enlarge the pics and repost them to the site Rock on Joe, those are what are called thumbnails See, they're a little preview of the picture That if you click on it, they get bigger Much bigger Yeah They look great on the website They really look good So if you're online right now, go to www.wnew.com Joe, you're nuts The Rock of New York 1027, WNEW The Rolling Stones, 2 for Tuesday, Monkey Man So now Mick Jagger is claiming in the paper that He was never officially married to Jerry Hall Yeah, that's cute Damn Mick, banging all our broads Save some for the rest of us, will ya? This guy is unbelievable Think she's gonna get the money eventually? She'll get something She wants 50 million 50 million? How does anyone rate that kind of change in a divorce settlement? I don't get it I don't get it either What is anything like that? Or the lawsuits that people bring up that You know, I lost my pinky So I want a million dollars I want 50 million dollars Or you spill coffee on your lap Yeah Your fault and you're suing for 10 million dollars Usually it's some old bag She's shaking while she's taking the lid off And she spills it in a lap I think a younger woman should get more money if she spills hot coffee in a lap At least she's using it Or something It's not like you're damaging anything that's being used How dare you state that old people don't F? I don't want to think about it Anytime that stupid Golden Girls show is on And they're all talking about sex and how Oh boy, I was with this man last night and we had a Rue McClenahan? I don't want to think about that You know, we gotta start doing our radio show from our car I guess we gotta expose another one of our bits when we drive in Uh oh Uh oh Yoshi the Pork Man developed when we were driving into Manhattan We saw the Asian delivery guys and there were bikes with their delivery basket and stuff That's where that bit developed just coming into the city You're going to get into this Our new one is when we're at We're just not meant for society We should be locked up But when we stop at the lights in Manhattan We look around and we just goof on every single person we see First of all That's what everyone does And then when we see a really old lady This is terrible Anthony goes, you know, there was a time when she was hot She went You think she still goes? You can picture, you know, it's like 1910 And she's just, you know, going to town She's a hot chick living in Manhattan and then she goes And now she's really old and wrinkled up She's just like decrepit with the walker with the little spokes on them Like the four pronged walker When she's walking down the street With the training walker attached Or she's in a little rascal scooter And you just look and think like, man, maybe, you know, 1920 She used to go Yeah, there's a prohibition going on She goes to the speakeasies, you know She's a flapper It's like now look at her And she's like, hey, she's a hot looking dame And 23 skidoo, hubba hubba, you know And she's getting some And now it's just like, whee She's kind of walking down the street It's just a bad bit Just horrible You know, you got to wonder Of course you wonder Not in a sexual way, don't get me wrong I'm not looking at these old women thinking, no, hottie Just thinking, you know, in their past Which ones were like the whores And which ones Now you know, they're a girl That's how far you go with the bit too Well, they're a girl You decide if she was a virgin when she got married Or if she was a slut and did everyone Except that poor old lady with a walker on the side of the road Doesn't matter, look now There are women and girls, women that are virtuous, you know And then there are whores It wasn't any different back then You see an old woman with that funny hats that they wear And the big shellac hairdos that they have done at the parlor every month And you wonder, you know, was she a whore? Or was she one of the virtuous ones? There's a lot of thinking under here Yeah, we keep ourselves entertained Factsline, 212957WNOW, Chris We get our best stuff from the faithful listeners Chris writes, I found some photos of Anthony's new crush I hope you enjoy them and have your crayons to call them all in What is it, coloring book pages? Seven pages from the Big Comfy Couch coloring book, Anthony Oh man, wow I didn't even know about this show until yesterday Hey, I like Alison Court Now explain what the Big Comfy Couch show is all about I've never seen it I saw her do a little appearance on Rosie O'Donnell the other day And she's a lunette, this clown Just pigtails and freckles and a clown nose And Anthony thinks she's hot She's 25 and out of makeup, she's really hot Well, Chris sent in the pages from the coloring book And there's your new girlfriend sitting on our cute comfy couch With her little comfy couch doll And underneath it says, let's get comfy, Anthony How does this guy... Come on, he sent you coloring book pages? Yeah, and you're supposed to color these in And then you've got your new girlfriend She's on her big comfy couch and she's got her doctor gear on And she's got the scope on the comfy couch doll And underneath it says, I'd like to get naked and play doctor Now there's your hot girlfriend with her pigtails Bending over the big comfy couch rearranging things And then underneath it says, let me tidy things up Gee, I hope that there isn't some greasy looking perverted sicko Standing behind me while I bend over here She's a dirty clown Her listeners have way too much time And then this is brutal You've got your brand new girlfriend in her clown getup With her comfy couch doll on the big letter F block Right, she's on a block with the big letter F on it I wonder what this person wrote And says, Anthony, F me, you big perverted clown loving pedophile Come on, she's 25 years old But she's playing an 8 year old in makeup No she's not, she's playing a clown She's playing an 8 year old She is not, look at her Look at her, I've got pictures of her here out of makeup She's supposed to be a little girl on her comfy couch With her comfy couch little dolly I've never seen the comfy couch Just because the actress is 25, she's playing an 8 year old And you think she's hot I've never seen the comfy couch show I'm saying the girl, Alison Court, that plays Lunette the Clown is hot Not Lunette the Clown I don't even know why I have to explain things like this Alright, there you go Thanks for sending that in Oh wait, why am I throwing that away? I'm sure you're going to want to color this in Of course, Opie, yes I'm coloring it in now, yeah Here you go 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York 2 for Tuesday with Bruce Springsteen Adam raised a cane and double with the blue dress from the No Nukes soundtrack It's Opie and Anthony Getting some email here on the pictures that are up on the WNEW website A little Jets promotion that we did on Friday That was a huge success We got front page of the record over the weekend And it was shown on TV all over the ball field It was pretty good Had a lot of people there And it was a party See, Jeff says, I've never seen a Bronco destroyed like that Excellent promo, can't wait to see the next sick idea you guys come up with We already have the next idea If you want to check out the pictures on the NNEW website, there's about 15 of them or so Yeah, I think so Our next idea, we want to start this concept where we go out every, I don't know, once a month or so Maybe a little longer than that Yeah And it's called Get Your Aggression Out on Friday or something like that It's tied into F You Friday To get your aggressions out, we're going to give you the opportunity to destroy certain things that might just piss you off during life Now we've partied in Manhattan We've taken the show to Jersey We want to go to Long Island next Want to find a cool bar that has a cool happy hour Want to get everybody out there This is down the road, we're not going to do it like this Friday Maybe in a couple weeks or so or maybe in a month, whatever No, this was a good icebreaker because we're going to do a lot more things out in the studio We love being out there We love being out and about So we want to get a bunch of pianos and have people smash that with sledgehammers Because I think that would sound really wild on the radio A little sledgehammer concerto Yes, and then we want Chopsticks And then I want to challenge Anthony to a round of Tic Tac Rosie And it's a concept we came up with last night on the ride home I like it Big TVs, nine of them set up like Hollywood squares And then we just have Rosie on all the TVs And me and you throw bowling balls at it and try to get Tic Tac Toe Because a bowling ball through a TV is just God, you've got to love how that looks and sounds Especially when the TV is plugged in, it's pretty fun It's got Rosie on there Yeah, so that's what we're trying to develop for the next road show Okay, stay tuned And if you have an idea, we listen to everyone Some of our best ideas come from you guys You know, you can either email us or send some instant feedback You can fax us, just get a hold of us with your wacky ideas Thank you Okay, we had an exclusive yesterday, Anthony Yes, we did We don't want to keep talking about the Jets loss It's kind of sad The Giants fans are all laughing and saying, I told you so and all that It hurts There's no need to get like that It hurts Yeah But we'll move on I guess I can't follow the next, especially if they sign Spreewell Ah, Spreewell Probably getting signed to the next That's crazy They're going to give Jeff Van Gundy neck braces Big metal collar Big metal collars for every game New York doesn't need a championship that bad that they have to go out and get Spreewell A thug Another reason I'm not following basketball this year Even though I know every move that is happening in the NBA, I'm that pathetic As much as I try not to pay attention And now I got the Islanders, that's my team Oh Have they lost like what? 250 games in a row at this point? What happened? Started the season off on the right foot And now they've lost I think 89 games in a row, Anthony I don't know, maybe they're afraid that scoreboard is going to fall on their head at the Coliseum That's what's happening, that's right, remember? Yeah, they didn't even want to play at the Coliseum They want a new place to play because they said the scoreboard isn't safe They've come crashing down on the ice And you think that maybe the team is too busy looking up instead of playing the game? That's it If you were looking where you're supposed to be passing and shooting the puck Instead of going, oh god, is it going to fall this time? As you skate under the scoreboard I say give them a new place I know they'll do better Yeah, you're right But I'm going to state right now, Islanders, my team, my team Just so in years to come So in 10 years when they maybe make it back into the cup You're not a bandwagon jumper Right, you guys will know that I've always followed the bastards Okay Anyway, speaking of the Jets game This was an exclusive for us and our show Very proud, but it's a national story now There was a fan at the game on Sunday at Mile High Stadium And he got hurt really, really bad A Jets fan, yeah And who does he call? Does he call Larry King? Does he call CNN? Does he call ESPN? No, he called us, Anthony I know It's Two for Tuesday with Aaron Smith on the Rock in New York 1027W, Andy W, Last Child and What It Takes It's Opie and Anthony Hey, how are you? Very well Once again, I want to say hi to all the members of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club Being inducted as we speak And to the people that aren't members yet, good luck to you tonight Good luck We got another one of our Tuesday Night Hummer Club songs on the way Yeah, it's a fan favorite, the Blow Me song Oh, yeah, you hardly even know me Haven't played that in a couple weeks, so stick around for that So, I think we got a guy on line six here that has some observations about you Me? Yeah What do I do? The faithful listeners, they listen very closely and they pick up on things, Anthony Okay Hi, Andy W Opie, Anthony, it's Paul. How are you? Hey, Paul I'm worried you guys are getting into the pedophile stuff You started talking about that and this is what I thought of School buses, Anthony Sportswood Comfy couch, Anthony Sportswood Teenage tennis players, Anthony Sportswood And which one of you are into the Olsen twins? Anthony, I just said we were six years away from being able to have a legitimate threesome with the Olsen twins I have never made any pedophile jokes You said that O.J. Simpson's daughter used to be hot I think she got fat Come on, what is that? Oh yeah, I did say that You guys are going under the surface The FCC is coming after you Come on, alright, well let's get off the subject I just want to wish Jody Sweeten a happy 17th birthday It's the blonde girl from Full House One year to go You're a dirty man Alright, man, we gotta go Okay Thanks, Paul Yeah, one year Happy birthday, Jody You're 18 in one year I saw some new pictures of her somebody sent me Really? Yeah There's a girl out there that... She's a dirty girl There's a girl out there that loves when you do the dirty girl voice Yeah Where's that instant feedback? We're getting a lot of instant feedback today, thank you people Jackie from Ramsey She goes, I love the you're a dirty girl, aren't you voice? It gives me the chills every time I hear it Love you, Anthony Thank you, Jackie Jackie out there in Ramsey Oh, you're such a dirty girl, aren't you, Jackie? You're a dirty, filthy girl You like it dirty, don't you? I bet Yes, you do I'm watching you It's like the perverted Bob Ross I'm going to put some lizard and crimson on your ass Yeah, this is how I work my brush Yeah, look how I paint mushrooms I dip this in the brown There, it's a mushroom It's a dirty mushroom, isn't it? My big afro looks like a 70s porno film, doesn't it? My God Damn, Bob Ross is dead Yeah He's had so much fun just watching him paint Wasn't that fun? How the hell did he do that? Yeah, like a half hour he would do this mint painting He couldn't even fathom being able to paint like that And he's like, yeah, you just pick up a spatula Now get your mixer from the kitchen and it's beautiful, it's a mountain If I did it, it would look like I used a spatula and a mixer It makes a forest It makes you feel retarded like you can't do this Yeah, look, we just dipped my big afro into some liquid white And I'm just going to push my head into this canvas There, look at those buffy clouds Isn't that great? Let me get my beard I'm going to dip my beard in this brown color There's a happy little bush I made it out of my beard That's where the rabbits live And my big hairy ass Oh, here we go My big hairy ass I'm going to sit in a little bit of this blue, this aqua blue I'm going to make a river Here we go There it is I just took my big hairy afro ass Sat it in the blue Look at that It's a little water hole, isn't it? I made a watering hole Look at that, a little cave where the little snakes live I never use regular painting utensils Paint with a brick What else is going on? Well, I see in the paper Bill Clinton, Opie Always a favorite Do you want to save the Clinton bit? Save it? I think we gave the listeners a lot this break here I think we should let them just kind of hang out and sit back and reflect on what we just gave them, Anthony Coming up next, we'll be talking about Bill Clinton Got to spread out the bits a little bit here Wow, are you listening to Gary Walt? Alright, no comment Okay, and also on the way Is Corky Steinbrenner really making an appearance today? Hey, where's Black Earl? Black Earl, we need to talk to Black Earl in a little while here About? I was just reading all the instant feedback while the commercials were playing And everyone's checking out the pictures from the Smash the Bronco thing we did Friday And Manny's and Minaki And everyone loved the pictures Check them out for yourself on the NAW website But all the faithful listeners are sitting there going Where's the picture of the girl that flashed her boobs on top of the Bronco? The girl got on top of the Bronco and flashed the entire crowd She whipped them out It was great And she swears she's going to be the one that does it on the Today Show for the thousand dollars, by the way Yeah, that's what she said at first And we're like, well, why don't you give these people here a preview? And of course, everyone just was like, wow They freaked out Yeah We got to talk to Black Earl It was his job to get the photo of the girl He got every single, every other photo, but that one I want to find out what happened You think he was shaking too much with the camera or something? Maybe That was, as my brother likes to say, major dairy 1027W, NAW, The Rock of New York, Two for Tuesday, Metallica from Garage Inc. Garage Inc. Whiskey in the Jar And until it sleeps from load It's opiate, Anthony Hey Now, Anthony, you got the pictures Up and running Yeah WNAW.com Got 15 pictures from our Smash the Bronco thing we did Friday at Manny's and Minocchi Good pics You see the Bronco in various states of being destroyed by the people that were down there And a nice group shot of all the people on the overturned Bronco With weapons and things they used to destroy the Bronco But some people are emailing us some, just about every single one of our listeners There's a picture that's mysteriously missing Picture mysteriously absent Unsolved mysteries Earl took the pictures, but when they made it to the website The pictures of the boobs were mysteriously absent We went to Earl Well, we got Black Earl in the studio What happened, Earl? And you see I have to separate Black and Earl because a lot of people think I say Black Girl It's Black Earl Black Girl Earl was in charge of taking the pictures Earl was in charge of our whole broadcast at Manny's now that I think about it So maybe we shouldn't write him too hard here But it was one of his jobs to take all the pictures One happened when the girl was showing her boobs on top of the Bronco Now you told me on air, you can hear it on the air say, Earl, take a picture So I got the camera ready, took the picture Now when we downloaded the shot Now the digital camera isn't as quick as a regular camera You're not going to get like Nothing like that Yes, it's very slow Very slow So I took one shot So I figure if it's a slow camera you would wait until you have visual boobage and then snap it Okay, go So I took the shot and when we downloaded it to look at the picture she was only halfway So why didn't you wait until you saw the brights shining in your That's it, I'm thinking You were anticipating, weren't you? Like a regular camera, I was just bad timing Earl, you let us all down He lost the shot I lost the shot That prized shot That was the only shot we cared about Who cares about the stupid Broncos We got 50 shots of the smash bronco The one picture of the girl that exposed herself to the crowd With the huge globes That's Karen, right? Karen's online? Maybe she'll recreate the scene for us Karen, we don't have a picture of your lovely boobs on our website I'm sorry Earl wasn't fast enough with the camera See, and I did it for a good amount of time Yeah, you did, and you started jumping up and down They were moving Earl, you could have got 20 shots I know, 20, we just needed one picture of it I was a little busy Digital camera doesn't go fast, it's like he's using a Kodak Brownie Like one of those old, original cameras Would you have like the flash powder on the stick? Wait a minute, I'm... Come on Earl, how long did it take to reload? My batteries were going... Batteries, batteries Earl, underneath the big cloth You know how you have to pull the 19th century photographer You got to pull the rag over your head Smile, push the plunger I like playing 19th century photographer when I go out on weekends Go up behind a girl and pull the dress up Smile, take a blow Films got to be changed Well Karen, we don't have a picture of you But we have 20 other pictures from our event this past Friday Yeah, I know, I look What the heck is wrong with the phone today? Oh my God Alright, yeah, well maybe one of the next things we do You could come down and we could get a recreation or something I would so be there Or maybe you could come down to the studio tomorrow We'll take a few shots Or that I can do that And we can have them on our website by 4 o'clock tomorrow I can so do that Because so many people want to see what your boobs look like I'm sure And there's a big argument going on A lot of people thought that only one of your nipples were pierced No, both Both, see? Most people only saw the one Both And was there a tat? Yes, there was Okay A butterfly tattoo See, we have to do this all from memory, unfortunately From memory That was a little busy I think the best was the hair You had no problem taking pictures of all the guys No, stop it Yeah, the group shot, the group shot That's a nice picture, you know But we don't have your boobs I'm highly insulted Alright We'll talk to Rick We'll try to set something up for maybe tomorrow Okay Cool Because our perverted listeners would love to see you And so would you guys, I'm sure Oh no, we don't like that at all Please, whatever We're professionals This is just for our listeners Yeah, we're doing it for our listeners That's about it, alright? Like you didn't enjoy it Anyway, okay So what are the odds of you doing this for the Today Show thing? Oh, they're so good I can tell you that, they're so good Really? It's just a matter of picking a day Alright Well, that money's still on the line First Girl shows her boobs during the Today Show And it has to say Opie and Anthony, right? Yeah, or we'll accept any W Okay Opie and Anthony would be nice though Alright Or Opie and Ac You know, something like that Yeah Alright, hold on for Rick Okay Alright There she goes, Karen Off and off and running Yes Alright, Clinton's State of the Union address tonight Care Why is it on 50 channels? I don't know If they list all the channels his address is going to be on Couldn't we just pick two? Maybe CNN and Channel 2? No, because they all have to show it So that they have their anchor after tell you what he said You heard the President speak of the economic sedation Blah blah blah But I find it weird that HBO scheduled Boogie Nights on at the same time As yet Same time as they say the Union address You can watch Boogie Nights Boogie Nights HBO That's great You can see one or the other Well, it's another night of Tomb Raider 3 for me I guess You're addicted, aren't you? Yeah, of course I am Tomb Raider I do the PlayStation thing Yeah, yeah, you don't And I've been reading about Tomb Raider 3 and I finally got into it And I've been playing for I don't know, 20 straight hours now See? I take a break to come in here to do the radio show You found one that you got addicted to Yes Now how long is the longest you have spent online or on the PlayStation playing Tomb Raider? 8 hours 8 hours? 8 hours And you were laughing at me for 10? 8 hours before the jet game And then another 4 after the jet game Remember him laughing at me for spending 10 hours playing Half-Life? You're like, oh my God, that's crazy 8 is fine 10 now, you're crazy Hey man, I had to figure out what to do with Lara I've got to get Lara through the jungle There's tigers coming at me and stupid monkeys that are grabbing my med packs and stuff Now you found the shotgun I'm blowing away the monkeys They tell you not to blow away the stupid monkeys But I'm blowing them away And shoot the monkeys, they tell you where to go Well, yeah, but They guide you It's fun when you see them explode though Isn't it though? Yes Now I found the river and then I had to jump in And now I'm underwater in these tunnels And I popped out in this ancient temple that's filled with water With waterfalls and I don't know what to do now This is only the first quarter of the game See, you're hooked I am hooked I think I've settled down a little, I've calmed down With my computer game I think, oh yeah, yeah, Half-Life, I'm only on there for 12 hours As a matter of fact, Optima Cable went to my house earlier today Cable modem Whoa For my multiplayer habit Wow I'll beat you people that I play with online I'll be kicking your ass tonight Yeah And I got Metal Gear on the side waiting to play That's the next one when I get done with Tomb Raider 3 Metal Gear is good, man Yeah, with Snake Snake Rocks Also, New Duke Nukem coming out soon Yeah, I've got to play that one as well Yeah So they're just piling up in my house Oh yeah, there's plenty of death and destruction for everybody It's fun You know, speaking of PlayStation, I tried, I don't know, John Madden's NFL 99 or whatever Yeah And I don't know how you figure out how to play a football game with the PlayStation Yeah 1027W, I.D.W. with Opie and Anthony Thanks That's becoming the theme song for the Tuesday Night Hummer Club, I believe It's very appropriate I like the other one as well Which one? From the Hummer Queen that was sent in to us That's a good one It's a quickie Sure, sure Let's listen to it real fast That said grows on you. That one definitely grows on you. If you want to add your your hummer time song to the list, please send it into our program. We got two thus far that we like and we'll play all all songs sent in. All right. All right. What else we got, Anthony? Well, I'm looking through the paper. I see Joey D. The Yankee Clipper. Man, who would have figured on this one? Well, they were saying he was pretty much dead. That's it. They was using words like very dire situation. Would you like some peanuts? Last rites were given. Oh, no, thank you. OK, you're an idiot. Sorry, I'm just trying to get my workbook out here. And I noticed I had some peanuts. The family signed a do not resuscitate order. Remember that was really bad. And then the next day would come by and Joe Joe's making a comeback. Yes, he's looking good. Yes, he was caught in a rundown between life and death. He was running back towards life. And then the next day, oh, my God, he's going back towards death. So then finally, he said, hey, you know, knock it off. Wait till his pans out. Then, yeah, just shut up. No reports, no more reports on my health. Leave me alone. And then a month goes by and it hits the news yesterday that he's out of the hospital. He was released. Yeah. Yeah. Eighty four years old. And not only that, George Steinbrenner, Corky Steinbrenner, has come out and said, um, that he will probably throw out the first pitch. No. Next season, Yogi. He remember he had he had made up with Yogi Barrett because everyone thought that Joe D was going to drop dead. So then Yogi would throw out the pitch. Yogi would be, you know, yeah, the surviving man. Yankee whole time. Great. Right. So now it looks like Yogi's going to catch Joe D's pitch. Is that what they're saying? Yeah. Come on. I'm not kidding. You read that somewhere. Yeah, it's right here in New York. I don't want to see that. I know. Come on. He can't hit. Yogi can't crouch down in that position anymore. Yogi not crouching, but you think Joe, he's got to stand two feet away from him. I mean, we all love Joe D. The jolting, the jolting, jock. Yes. But I mean, 84 years old, he was on, he was saying hi to St. Peter a couple of weeks ago. I don't know if he's going to be winging that ball, you know, maybe we could give him a whiffleball. That might work, too. But of course, Corky Steinbrenner, once again, very emotional. Now, is this an actual quote that that we can find in the paper, Anthony? Of course. Where is it? It's page four of Newsday. It's got George Steinbrenner. It's all bold letters. Yeah. And he's saying about the recovery that Joe D made. This is one of the greatest moments in Yankee history. You might remember his previous quotes. This is the best team in baseball. Getting this trophy from you makes it even worse. From a man I've known for 20 some odd years. Oh, so what is his latest quote again? I got to hear that again. This is one of the greatest moments in Yankee history. So Corky, Corky's very happy that Joe D will probably be thrown out the first pitch. I think we're all happy. Very happy. Oh, no, here he comes. Corky Steinbrenner. Very happy. Yeah. Joe D throw out the first pitch, first pitch again. Champion. 99 season. Joe D, Joe D throw the ball. Joe D throw the ball. Where's my contact? Joe D gonna fill my wedding when we get married. Married. I'm Corky Steinbrenner. I own the Yankees. Joe D gonna throw out the first pitch ball. Ball game. Corky, calm down. Calm down. I like your crazy Eddie outfit today, by the way. I have a turtleneck and a sports jacket. I look like crazy Corky. And I got my retarded hairdo. Look at my hairdo. How come we all have the same hairdo? No, you all have the same face. You just look like you have different wigs on. No, they all give me the same haircut. Maverick, punch out. You're going in. Punch out of this. Well, there you go, Chilton Joe. Congratulations on your recovery. High-NEW. Who would win a fight? You or Brutus? Al Kixk his ass. Oh, man. All right, man. All right, dude. Congratulations. Popeye Dice Clay. Jesus, these people are insane. I told you we get our best stuff from our listeners. They come up with some great ideas. Who would have ever thought of Popeye Dice Clay? It's like a Strange Gilligan's Island episode when they switched brains. All of a sudden, it's Popeye Dice Clay. Getting a bunch of faxes from people. They want to know if Popeye joined the Tuesday Night Armor Club. Oh, of course. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Oh, Olufsk is pretty good with me, member. Oh, oh. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. And Bluto isn't in it. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Me and Olufsk got married. Now, Blutsko doesn't get any. She was the only whore in town. What does Olufsk and a submarine have in common? Um, what, Popeye? They're both full of semen. That's an old Notskiko joke. I told Olufsk the Boatsk. I told you many times you can't say Pusky on the radio. I'll say, Pusky, whenever I want to say, Pusky. Oh, Pusky, oh. It looks like the sea hag. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Oh, olives, olives. Eat a burger for Christ's sake. Use a bag of bones. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. I can't even grab your ass. Oh, you ain't gots gonna ask. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Oh, olives, how about a little hygiene? Oh, I'm a sailor man. I know what low tide smells like. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Oh, something ends-donating from the Pusky. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Where's Wimpy? Oh, yeah, you think Wimpy's a homo, right? Wimpy's a flameskin, homes go sex school. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Always looking for free meat. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Skippity-doop. Yeah, skippity-doop. Skippity-doop. Skippity-doop. That's right. Yeah. Now I'll open the can's of spinach and make me number grow. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. I keep doing this, I'm not going to be able to talk tomorrow. If you haven't noticed, I have a sore throat. Alright, well I guess Popeye is a member of the Tuesday Night Hummer Club. Of course. That's something everyone wanted to know today. But I have serious sips, grotesque. Sometimes I burn Olive's pussy with my pipe. Because I never taste skedademy mouse. Why do you think that one eye pops out? It's the fumes. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Alice does a great trick with her pussies. Yeah, what is that? Watch, watch, come here, Alice. Here, let me take me pipe's got-a-me mouth. Put it here, down by the pussies. Okay, go, Alice. Look, she blows up the pipes. It's a magical pussy. You can't say that word on the radio, man. Pusky, pusky, pusky. I never heard any rules against the word pusky. Wow, all right. the that well yes we got the answer to our question the rock of new york one of the seven w any double you know the track from by your side like rose only a fool it's open anthony and uh... and uh... uh... man but there's a new rule for our show we gotta get all our commercials and before seven o'clock we're sure running late today was to have a few things we still want to discuss we always run late with trell spree well officially a neck next trading starts in the house to go and stay also we got a month what is different got to bring sent hanging under you know conflict i don't know where hard-collars well maybe we can make a look like one of those on one of those members of the tribe that you see on the discovery channel where they have a real long next and they have what the the hoops or whatever you have big brass rings around the neck of something maybe we can make a jess and any look like that so he can have a big long neck yeah well so it'll bring a little take a bite or or you know or try to strike a outcome long glad we have uh... him well here's all right here's the deal cuz it will feel the pressure we got a play the spots before seven o'clock but when was birthday is it by the way gene staples in his birthday today even if bunker how old is either seventy six readers tonight uh... on uh... out there uh... candidate used bill that yet right it it here just soul relation at the birth baghdad ended and barth respite suddenly six years off birthday to you. Alright, here's the deal because we've got to play these spots. Stephen Lynch is coming in tomorrow. Our pal, if you're a faithful listener to the show, you know Stephen Lynch. He sang the Special Olympics song. He sang the Gerbil song. He sang the... Sang. Sang song. Sorry. Sing-did-ed. He sang all those goof songs that we've been playing for the last three months. He's coming in with a whole batch of new songs tomorrow. It's going to be very exciting. You must be 21 or older to win. It's all from WNUW and your friends at Zoom.com. Anthony, can we hear your cute little Zoom.com voice one more time? Five thousand dollars! Come on, they tell me. And I do. It's open air. We're just about out the door. Tony Pig up next. Tony! Tony! Babes! What's up, Tony? How you doing? Popeye and Hope. Love you guys. What's going on, bro? I don't know, nothing. Are you going to rock or something? I'm going to rock my socks off and yours too. You know, Regis is asking about you. When are you going to get him on the show? Yeah, we've got to get him on. We were supposed to have him on about a month ago. He's a mad man. Something happened. Is his shoulder okay from Brian Leach's shot the other morning? I saw that. Yeah, I haven't asked him but it looked like it hurt. Brian Leach was taking shots at Regis. Regis in full goalie attire. Full, except for shoulder pads. No one knew that and Brian Leach takes the final shot and nails Regis in the shoulder and all of a sudden Regis drops his glove and his stick and lifts his mask up and goes, I don't have any pads! You could hear the hush over the crowd. They were freaking out. You could hear the thunk when you hit him too. Just nailed him in the shoulder. Brian Leach, I don't know. Regis is a tough guy. I'm telling you, he's a very tough guy. Brian used maybe 30% of his power and still nailed Regis right in the blade. Could have went right through his arm if he had 100%. No bruises this morning though, he says. Oh good. Well tell Regis we said hi. How about the one where Stone Cold Steve Austin from WWF Wrestling was on? He loves Stone Cold Steve Austin. And they got in like a little goof play wrestling thing because Stone Cold can like snap him in half. He heard him. Yeah, he spun around and hit him in the nose with his arm accidentally and Regis grabbed his nose like, ah! And Stone Cold's like, hey what's the matter, I get you in the snout! I thought that was great, in the snout. Opened up a can of whoop ass on you Regis Philbin! And that's the bottom line, because Stone Cold said so. We want to stay. Can we do another hour? Would you do it? Really? Yeah, well you know how Gary enjoys when we stay late. Does Gary like that? He loves it. I'm not sure. Some days he likes it, and other days he wishes we would not come in at all. Well tomorrow, thanks Tony, we'll see you next on the radio. Tomorrow we've got Stephen Lynch, our buddy, our pal who comes up with all the goof songs that you've come to know and love. Yes. Can't wait, he's got a couple songs tomorrow. He's got a song about the hemaphrodites. That's a great little subject for a diddy. And he's got a song about kittens. Killer Kitten or something like that. And a cute little song about a priest, right? Sure it's touching. I can't wait. I think he could be our favorite guest. He is, he's right up there. Between him, Mark Golan from Maxim and Lewis Black from Economy Central. As a matter of fact, that's the only guest we have on our show. Yeah, that's true. We've chased everybody else away. Well we say no to everyone else, because if you don't get the vibe in here, we don't want you in here. You bring the energy down, man. That's right. Tony's on the list too. He's allowed to come in at any time. Yeah, you made our list, Tony. Cool, you're good energy man. Lewis Black is an old friend of mine. Lewis is great. He's a great guy. He's coming in soon, I think next Thursday or something like that. Alright, Andrew wants to know if she was on the list. Andrea, she's quiet when she comes in here. Yeah. You know something, we've got to draw the line now. What? She gives us the cool music to play. We'll have to discuss her. It's going to turn into everybody. It's just like the bomb shelter episode of Happy Days. How big is the list? Before you know it, Fondy is coming with his motorcycle. Well, yeah, there are three people on the list that are allowed to come in during the show, Tony. It's Black Earl, Ben the Fag, and the Hummer Queen. Those are the only three. You found out about Ben already? It took me a long time to figure that one out. So those are the three people that are allowed to walk in while we're doing our thing because they don't wreck the energy or the chemistry or the feel of the room. There are other people that come in here and they suck the air right out of here. People can inadvertently ruin the energy just by having to conduct business while we're on the air. That's the Andrea thing. If she wants to come in just to hang out, that's one thing. But if it's business oriented, energy down the toilet. I say Andrea is allowed to come in, Anthony. As long as she's not conducting business. She wants to come and hang. She's a good hang. It's nothing personal. It's strictly business. True. But we have a list outside the door now. 3 o'clock and we have a velvet rope and black girl stays out there and he checks the list to see if you're allowed to come in or not. That's how it's going to be for now. All right. Bye.