 The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW Elvis Costello and Pump It Up, Counting Crows before that and Stevie Ray Vaughan with Cold Shot, it's Opie and Anthony. Hey man. On this fight fight Friday afternoon. Oh ho, a little snowy out there. A lovely day to be driving around chowd everyone. Watch yourself on the drive home people, please take a little extra time. Make a little extra time and please don't drive unless you have to. And if you're walking around the streets of Manhattan, be careful you don't want to slip. Yeah, yeah. The sidewalks are slidewalks today. Can you tell Anthony and I were stuck in a car for two hours and we're listening to all the news stations? Yeah. Oh my God. Let's talk with Laura who we met on the street today who enjoys this kind of weather. Yeah. Oh, she enjoys it because she probably walks to work. Yeah, that's why she enjoys it and wants to see it snow a half a foot. I enjoy the tractor trail of flipping over by the fairgrounds on the expressway closing all lanes people on the LIE. We were with you today. Oh man. Isn't that great when that happens? But we got to tell all the news stations and the TV news. There you go. New York one. Your weather update for we're not retards. Snows every year and I think by now we have kind of figured it out. You know how to handle it. Yeah, driving in it. What is people don't know how to drive? It's just people spinning. I see him on the side of the road. Did you see on Northern State Parkway and three four cars? Mm hmm. Poor Wang at the end of the line. Yeah, I don't think Wang caused the accident. No, it is the last one. We argued that point for 20 minutes today. He was the last one. Wang is the last one in on that pile of cost ride. Try Dean could not stop Anthony is racist. Hey stop. You're racist. We come to the accident site where we're in rubbernecking for what 20 minutes. Yeah, and you see Wang on the side of the road. You go see figures. It can't drive. I never said that and then I go wait man. Maybe Wang was the last one in on the accident. How do you know he was last in I I just have a feeling he was last in because there are other cars ahead of him that were off to the side of the road. Maybe that was on his car unless he started driving backwards. So just because it was the white van with all the Chinese writing on it. You assume that it was his van and a Jersey Turnpike. Yeah, and I last count 22 accidents. Oh my Lord. People don't know how to how to drive in this but news people shut up. Big F you didn't the news people. Yeah, we're not retards whether geeks news people. I mean they actually had a reporter at the sanitation department where they keep their salt by the big pile of salt and the guy was reporting that he's standing next to the pile of salt the sanitation department. I'm here by the big salt pile plenty of salt being spread on the roads. Really? I thought the city was going to blow off the salt this year and try using cotton balls. The same thing every year every year. So big F you to them. There you go. And it is a few Friday and I'm kind of disappointed you guys. We haven't done enough you Friday in three weeks and we got a pile of them, but none that are really that good. No, no, not at all. So if you want to get your F you on the air, please fax us to one to nine five seven W any W and everyone's calling about the black crows. Here's the deal on that later this hour when you hear won't get fooled again by the who be the 10th caller to win a pair of tickets to see the black crows Tuesday 1 0 2 7 W any W the Rock of New York. It's okay Anthony on the way the latest from collective soul got some who to and it is F you Friday keep the faxes coming in to one to nine five seven W any W Bob writes. Hey guys, I would like to send a big F you to Mayor Giuliani who said that as a New York City cop. I shouldn't get a raise for doing nothing. We are some of the lowest paid in the state. I guess the lowest murder rate in 30 years and double-digit drops in crime mean nothing. Thanks. Wow. And he said he hated us at first until we mentioned the Comac motor in which is an old stomping ground for him. CMI everybody on the island knows that place. Yeah. All right. The Jets parody song. So a big F you to Opie for liking that ridiculous YMCA song parody. It's fudge-packing bandwagon jumping morons like the guy who took credit for that pile of trash who have no clue what it means to be a longtime Jets fan go Jets go Anthony please trash all copies of that song. We did get a third copy of the song today. Yeah. Yeah, we did keep sending the damn thing in. You know, and I can't play the bit anymore. I hate this song too. I don't want anyone to think that I actually like this parody song. Yeah, people are calling up going to open you actually like that song. No, it's called sarcasm. Look into it. Right. Yeah. It's awful. Well, I got it here. Would you like to listen to it again? Why would I want to hear that again? Just because I know how much it annoys you. It is. It's so gay. It is so gay. Yeah, but see Anthony Z 100 is playing the song around the clock. So it must be good. We're missing something obviously. They actually play the same song and I think it's great. Yeah, that's how pathetic they are over there. Oh, well, if let's try it one more time. Oh, you're thinking maybe we haven't heard it enough. You know, sometimes you hear a new song on the radio and it takes a few listens and then it kind of grabs you right. Maybe the third listen Anthony, it'll grab you. Oh, okay. All right. You are. I'm willing to give it another shot. You have an open mind. Oh sure. Let's let's say let's let a rep because certainly if Z 100 likes this song you and I must like this song as well. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Starts out good, right? Oh, yeah, it's great. Get the strap on and lube it up good. Come on. How many of these CDs are laying around here? This is the third copy we got. Here comes the hook Anthony. Here it comes. Come on. Yeah. No, it's not growing on me. Are you sure? Positive. You're sure? This guy's wasting CDs and FedExes. In our mailbox today was another copy of this song. The guy knows we've already trashed two copies of his song, but he sends it every single day. I guess he needs us on the big bandwagon here for his jet song Anthony. Now let let Z 100 play it. Oh God. What kind of lyrics are these? They said he was too small. What? Who's too small? Why? Come on. It's good. Como. No, enough of the jet song. Oh wait, this is the hook again. Get it out of the machine. Get it out of there. Get get. I'm not even faking it this time. Not even making like I'm going to put it somewhere nice like I did the other two days. And then smash it. It's just get it. That's it. Oh Anthony, come on. We need to play that song next week. Oh, what are you doing? What are you doing to me here? I any W. Yeah, I'm a jet fan. Yeah, jet fan. I bleed green and white. Let me tell you something about that song. Yeah. That song makes you want to root for the Jaguar. You understand how bad it is? I'm thinking about I love basketball now that song is so bad. You got to turn that off and put the cupable shuffle. The Super Bowl shuffle. All right, cool. We got to go. All right. Thank you. Not quite the classic that Let's Go Metz Go was. Well, okay. If the guy who wrote that song is listening, we need a fourth copy of that. No, we don't. Yes, because I'd like to see you turn red and get pissed off. Hi, any W. Hey, I got to send a big F you out to you two guys. Why? I'm a giant fan. Yeah, but I was going to be rooting for the Jets for the playoff. Yeah, but I just heard that song. I can't root for the Jets now. I got no team to root for. Can you believe the 100 is playing that and they're all psyched and like it's a good song? Ah, oh my God. What did they put the strap on in between the songs over there? You think T-Shaw is going to sue over that lyric? I hope so. If I was him, I would. All right. Talk to you guys later. Thank you. I love his little story when he sent us the first one. Yeah. He's like, yeah, well me and my friend were driving back from the game and we were listening to the radio and YMCA came on and we just started singing J-E-T-S to YMCA. And I'm just thinking what self-respecting guy is driving home from the football game with his buddy listening to YMCA? I've never been in a car with a friend of mine and YMCA has ever come on. You think they were, you know, making the Y and the M and the C. Yeah, I think so. Which one was driving? The police or the construction worker guy? Hi, N-E-W. Yeah, there's a reason that I don't have Z100 on my preset. Why? Because they play that damn song. There's a reason why I have N-E-W on my preset because I like you guys. All right. Please don't play that song again. No, no, that's it. You shan't hear that again. All right. That was it. Thank you. All right. You know what though? What? I think someone out there should come up with a better Jets song. I haven't heard a good one yet. That's not hard. Here. Jets, Jets, Jets. That's better. Okay. That's the first attempt. But we'll play Jets songs. So you got all weekend to come up with something and get it to our our studio before we go on the air Monday. Well, what if Paris the thought, you know, don't say it. Don't say what you're thinking. The Rock of New York 1027 W-N-E-W. That's the latest from Collective Soul little band from Stockbridge, Georgia. That's heavy off the CD dosage. It's opiate Anthony on FU Friday. I'm getskin married. Yes, you them going with this story. Yeah, Popeye's getting married to olive oil. Well, blow me down. You know, the paper wrote that way. I got to show you because you use that line all the time. Hold on. It's in the post on page three. Look how they made that headline. Why blow me? And then the next line says down. Maybe now I'll get some pussy. I don't have to worry about Brutus. I would get slapsky seconds. Popeye getting married. Yeah. Yeah. She's a tights one. Because she's so slensky. Not much in the test. No, I never understood Popeye's attraction to olive oil myself. Oh, you know, she's got the nose like a butt plug. Okay, I can understand olive oil going for Popeye though. It's night. He member looks like those forearms. Yeah, I always wonder when he did the Spanish thing if his memory got really huge like his biceps. Well, blow me down. Of course get dead. Got the little tattoos got an anchor on my penis. Married married. Yeah. And they're making a big story like they got people talking about where they should go on their honeymoon. Hey, hey, hey, they're cartoons. Yeah, they're they interviewed these people on the street in the post and it says Karl from London 41 years old. I think it's a wonderful thing. They should have done it a long time ago and maybe now we'll have little Popeyes running around. Oh, yeah. Look at Lewis seeing how they've been together for a long time. They should get married. That these people have more of an opinion about two cartoons than they probably would about Clinton. Yeah. You know, yeah, I don't know. I don't want to comment on that. Oh Popeye's married in cartoony land. Right. Sam from Brooklyn. I think they know each other very well. I think it's time to consummate their relationship. Oh, that's what I've been saying for years. Good. Pretty Honsky and then Louis Suho. Oh, thank God you got married. They'd be very happy. They've been working at it for a long time now. Yeah, whatever that means. They're cartoons and then Janet. I don't see why they should change anything but as long as they're married and they should go somewhere nice and have a good honeymoon. It's if they didn't get married, where did the sweepy come from? Yeah, never let's let's go sweepy. Yeah, he's a love child like Clintons. I love child. All right. Well, I got a ton of FU Fridays here. Anthony, you know, they get a little brutal though. Little brutal. All right. Let's say well, first of all, let's get out of the way FDMBA because that's what everyone is sending through the fax line. So we'll get it out of the way. Okay, but a huge FU to Kenny Anderson. Did anyone else see one wolf last night? Oh, I missed that. Oh my God. He had up. He had footage of Kenny Anderson coming out of the hotel after the NBA strike was settled and these I think it was two little kids are coming up and going Mr. Anderson can have your autograph desperate tiny little kids. Ah, and also in Kenny goes man. Get out of my way. I don't have time for this. I'm trying to find my car man. Ah, I kept going. Ah, we pushed him away to go find his car. We went back to the fans there Kenny Bravo. All right now pompous guys man. Well, all right. We got to read these. What there's a guy out there that's very angry. If you're a faithful listener of our show, it's angry. Andrew the Met fan angry Andrew. Yeah. Every time we read one of his FU's the bosses get a ton of complaint calls and people are convinced that we actually say this all reading the facts. It's not our thoughts. He faxed in. He was the one who faxed in F Joe DiMaggio, which is just like sacrilegious in this town. Obviously. And he also had some problems with the Virgin Mary and our law and our Lord Savior around Christmas time. We can't even mention those because the phones are still ringing about that horrible because you can't defend against that. This guy's got problems. So angry Andrew the Met fan. He loves to give us FU's every Friday. Would you like to hear his latest Anthony? Not sure. But go ahead. Okay. Hey guys F Yogi Berra. The fact that he would possibly never go back to that s hole in the Bronx was one of the few bright hopes in my life. Now I have to pray for the big-eared munching munchkin look-alike to die along with Joe DiMaggio. Oh man, that's angry Andrew the Met fan saying that not us. Wow. He said another one. You read this one. Why? Because I'm not brave enough. I'll admit it. Let me say just preface it by saying it's angry Andrew the Met fan. Oh, no, come on. Now this is his FU. Andrew, what's your problem? He says F did the chick who got thrown in front of the N line. Why? At 23rd if the oh, I can't read this. I can't say this. You want me to say this? Yeah, it's not coming from your mind. You're just reading his FU angry Andrew. Yeah, if that dumb blonde whore wasn't standing against the wall, I wouldn't be delayed for almost an hour and a half. I also would have saved the buck fifty. I had to spend on the bus. Andrew. That's a person's life. What's your problem? That's angry. Andrew the Met fan. Sorry, you would delayed an hour and a half. I think, you know her and her family have have bigger problems than you. This guy's problem. Oh, you have it. There you have it. So keep the FU is coming in angry. Andrew my God to one two nine five seven WNEW. He's got a doozy every every Friday. Certainly not from Matt and Bob a big FU to John Thompson. When the going gets tough, I quit. That's right. That news broke. John Thompson coach of Georgetown. The Rock of New York one oh two seven WNEW. The purple space truck in it's opiate Anthony FU Friday in progress getting lots of reports that people are pretty much stuck. Just stuck in traffic. Well, the morons come out on the road every time the snow falls. Opie. Well, you didn't listen to me today. What I said, we should take the train today. I was a perfect train day. Anthony doesn't like getting on the train. I understand. It's a hassle. It's somewhat of a pain. Yes. I don't like walking out in the rain either and snow. You know, we'd have to walk out and stand out there for cab or something or walk over subway. Oh, we have to be like real people. No, no real people that commute in like that. There are plenty of real people that drive into that's true. I mean they do exactly what we do. I was taking all the evasive maneuvers today. You were good. I was listening to 1010 wins traffic. I was listening to that and once they had their traffic, right? Oh, Opie what you know, they got mad at you when you said that at the company party. I know it goes up to the 1010 wins people and go. Yeah, the traffic's never right. It's right all the time. That's their bread and butter too. That's like complaining about the rock music in any w. Scott Herman, the boss is going to come down and kick your ass, but they saved us probably two and a half hours today because we are ready to head into that mess on the lia with the overturned tractor trailer. Yeah, that was blocking every single lane for two and a half hours by the fairgrounds westbound. Yeah, and then all the rubber neck and eastbound. But yeah, we hopped on the Grand Central. Vroom right past and then the BQE QA and Queen's Boulevard. Boulevard. We were all over the ball. So yeah, I had confidence in you, but I just thought it was a good train day today navigating because there's always one a hole that wrecks it for everyone else. Yes, they do. I think there should be public floggings. You see him on the side of the road. You can stone them. Yes. Mayor Giuliani, if he really wants to clean up this city, he should have it fair game. If you're the person that you know causes the accident and messes up everyone's commute home, we are legally allowed to get out of our cars and pummel you. People would drive a lot. Yeah, you'd be a lot more careful. Yeah, I think and I think the people driving slow in the left lane do just as much damage. I'll tell you why. You know, you see somebody coming up on your rear and you don't move over now. They have to move over and swerve around you. What happens? You hit that the strip where the lines are with a snow is it melted? Whoosh. Yeah, spin around. What about the Pied Piper maneuver? Listen, we were behind one of those today on the backroads. One person has to go. I think seven miles an hour. Yeah, because they can't handle the winter weather. They're too scared to look out their back, their rearview mirror to see a hundred cars behind them with clear open road ahead of them. But because they're scared of the winter weather and they're going seven miles an hour. Everyone else has to go seven miles an hour. Believe me. I don't want to do fifty down the side roads, but I don't want to do three either, but you know, you can handle maybe twelve miles an hour roll. Woof woof. Now we're we're crazy. We're tooling. I just love that maneuver. Yeah, it goes right back to that thought. You know that person thinks they're the only person, you know, in the entire world. Yeah, only person on the face of the earth. Right. You look at them. They're still looking straight ahead. You pull up next time to give me dirty look and they look at you like you have two heads like wow, what's wrong? That's if they even look. Yeah, usually they're just oblivious to everything. They're looking straight ahead peeping your horn. You're pissed off. You want to flip the bird. They don't even look at you. It's a parade of cars because of this one person a hundred cars behind them. Get out of the way. If it's you right now, get out of the way. Exactly. Get out of the way. Everyone look behind you right now. Is there somebody real close that wants to pass you get out of their way and you're looking ahead and there's you know, open road. You're the problem. You're the problem. Right. F you Friday send a fax to one two nine five seven W any W F you to my boss for leaving work early and leaving everyone to trek home in the snow late. Oh, that's that's brutal. Nice to be the boss and Dan C writes. I want to send a big F you to the Long Island Railroad. Why is that they always have an excuse about being late. I know it will take three hours to get home tonight. They need to change their slogan from going your way to sorry for the inconvenience because that's all they ever say. Good luck getting home tonight. Dan Tim has a problem with Christy Whitman. F you for trying to end the college lifestyle. We all know and love alcohol is necessary for a proper education. Bravo her task force to eliminate college parties and fraternities right ruining everything whatever happened animal housing good clean fun. I agree Tim. Okay. It is part of college. I don't know. I never went phones are going nuts. We'll go to them next. All right. We got that bad in in indigenous. I knew I was going to have a problem with that indigenous way to get your name out there guys. Little bonus for sticking through the commercials later this hour when you hear dance the night away by Van Halen be the tenth caller to win a pair of tickets to see the Black Crows Tuesday night at the Valerie Ballroom plus a copy of their new CD by your side when you hear Van Halen dance the night away. This is the only time I'm going to say it. The Rock of New York 1027 W any W it's open Anthony and there's our there's our pal. Yeah, that is a huge song for our show. We get hundreds of requests a week for that. That's our buddy Red Peters and how's your whole family? All right. It's a few Friday. Yeah, I thought you were going to move on to something. Yeah, we're trying here. If you want to send in a fax to one two nine five seven W any W got a problem with Brian here from Hillsdale. I'm sending a big FU to all the ass face four-wheel drive morons who think they can drive like butt monkeys because they're in a truck. I hope I see you wrapped around a telephone pole so I can pull over and piss on your truck. You guys rule the world and if anyone in this country should be getting hummers in an office at you. Thanks guys Brian. Well, let me tell you some Brian. There's a bunch of us that have the sports utility trucks with the lovely four-wheel drive. Yeah, we can only take advantage of the four-wheel drive what 10 times a year. Yeah, let us have some fun. You can blow past us when the road is dry. Let us have some nice in the summer. We see you going blow right past us. Yeah in the winter get out of our way because it's our road in the winter. It's our road in the summer. It's your road. The snow is falling. Mm-hmm. Get out of the way. Exactly. You know how painful it is to have a sports utility truck and you're behind that lady going seven miles an hour on the side road and you're the next car and you can't get past her because there's traffic coming the other way stepping on the gas in the rear end of her car is sliding to the right and there you are ready to go. Yeah, ready to go want to see what this four-wheel drive could do. Yeah, and you can't use it. It's painful. So give us a break. We know it doesn't help with the braking on ice. I've heard that before you can't you know, you still sliding on the we know but when there's snow on the road and we're driving we can go fast. We could go faster faster. We still try to be careful, but we could go a little faster and we try to be careful. So how many people forgot where their ice scraper was today? Yeah, whoops. Yeah, I use the cassette case. Yeah, what what cassette I don't know. It's like the bottom of my glove compartment like an old. Yes cassette or something with the winger. Poison every spring. I throw away my ice scraper and my little brush because I'm convinced it's never going to snow again when the when the spring hits summers coming in so far away. Why am I ever going to need a snow shovel again? And say what is the the noise of the day? Thought you'd never hear that sound again. I thought this one too. It. I hate that. Yes. All right, jump your car black girls on the line. What's wrong with black girl? They got lost going to the Bowery ballroom. That mighty vehicle the NW van black girl. Where are you? We're on Allen Street in East St. Lower East Side. Did you get lost? No, we were going to wait back for the Bowery ballroom. We were told to go to the Mercury Lounge to pick up something and then we were told to come back. Oh, I see. How's the traffic out there Earl? Absolutely awful. Wow, what a surprise. I thought you were going to say it was clear clear sailing today. It is absolutely terrible. People cannot drive. The hurdles are corresponded on the streets for the NW storm center. He's in the the NW storm mobile. You're in the storm mobile. We have Earl black girl is in the storm mobile as we speak. It's WNEW weather storm central. Bringing you all the up-to-date weather events during storm 99. Our correspondent black Earl rolling in the WNEW crap mobile. Give us the traffic update. We just played the good sounder there. Well, it is absolutely backed up all the way to the Williamsburg bridge. We're just trying to get back on Broadway and just get to the station. This is a nightmare out here. People cannot drive. Well Earl, you just be careful out there. Drive slow, leave plenty of time and if you don't have to drive, don't. Yeah, black girl stating the obvious for everyone else. All right Earl. Godspeed black Earl. Godspeed to you. Yeah, it'll take you three hours to get back to the station. Who you get it? You're probably right. Yeah. All right. All right. Well, it's opiate Anthony in the any W storm center, I guess. All right. You're hanging with opiate Anthony on FU Friday. Rumor has it that Yoshi the pork man may be checking in really because we got team coverage all over Manhattan. Well, it's the any W storm center. Yeah, we've turned it into the storm center. Everyone else is doing it. So we better we better do the same here in any W. So stick around the rock of New York one oh two seven WNEW. That was the song you had to be listening for this hour to win the black crows tickets and their latest CD by your side and Rick will hear my voice in about 10 seconds because we're on delay and he'll run in with the winner because we did get a winner on that. All right. Okay. In the meantime, let's go the phones. It is FU Friday. Hi any W. Yeah, I'm opiate Anthony. Yeah. Yeah, I want to give a FQ to this lady in front of me. That Jeep Cherokee was doing two miles an hour. I don't care what these people I drive on a duty vehicle and she's I do that. You just did it man. Oh cool. Thanks like I do work. Hey good there. Bye. You said it all there. Yeah, you said it all there. Get out of the way Rick. Who's the winner on the black cross thing? All right. Our winner is Richie Ryan from Staten Island. Okay. Thanks. All right. Good luck. All right. More facts is coming in big FU to the Bergen County Fire Academy for not canceling graduation tonight. I'll graduate stuff. Oh a big FU to my girlfriend for refusing to participate in Hummer Tuesday based on principle. I need this. Tim Tim from Montclair, New Jersey PS the jet song blows. I think we all know that by the way, we got our first Tuesday night Hummer Club song that we're going to be debut in this coming Tuesday. Remember we encouraged the listeners to send in songs about the Hummer Club. Yes, we got one. Yeah, we got the Hummer Queen sent in a little diddy will play it to a Hummer Queen. It won't really make sense today on a Friday. So no, no, no, but I say that. So if you're thinking about writing a song for the Tuesday night Hummer Club, go for it. Feel free and we'll either play it and praise it or we'll play it and smash it. Yeah. All right. What else is going on? Well, you see on the paper Rod Stewart. Yeah. Him and his wife called it quits. Yeah. What is Rachel Hunter? What is wrong with Rod Stewart? He's a he's like Nosferatu. He's like Dracula. He latches on to these young girls sucks them of their life. Yeah, maybe a kid or two and then ditches them get some all out of shape and moves on to the next hot strawberry blonde model. Yeah, Britt Britt Eklund and Kellyanne Berg. Yep. And what what made anybody think he was going to stop here at Rachel right when she turned the issues she's bouncing off a 30 there. She's almost 30 or she's just over 30. How old is she? 31 29 29. See she looks a lot older than 29. Oh, she definitely does. I thought she was older and we're right after she had a kid. She was on TV for something and she just I mean obviously she had just had a child and everything. She was really really huge and and she never really recovered from it. I don't think so. You think Rod Stewart's like a vampire. Yeah. Yeah, he sucks their blood. If you want my body and you think I'm sexy come on sugar. Let me know. Every picture tells a story. Don't be let me suck your blood. Hey, poor Rachel wake up Maggie. I think I've got something to say to you. Bad. I need more you. Bad. He is he's a vampire. He's such a life out of her. There he is. Not for us to know. We're not playing this song. Blue remember when we had to play this during the air pollution. I'm not as raised distinct. They actually made us play this song and act like we liked it. Meanwhile, Rachel hunt is shriveling up like she'd laid down next to a bean pod and invasion of the body snatchers and Rod just cast her aside just like the rest of them. Yeah, who's next? He's going to start going out one of the Olsen twins, right? Now he's a few years away from that still, but I don't know. I wouldn't put it past. I wouldn't doubt it. I can get to pull pull for the price of one. But double the pleasure. And all right, I think we're going to be here from Yoshi the pork man. Yes, reporting live for our WMDW storm center. Yeah, we've turned this place into the storm center because everyone else is doing it. Yeah, and we got to you know, tell you guys useless information. We even got a groovy little like storm center sweeper. Yeah, I think that's here. Doesn't work. Go to the real news place. Wait a minute. Okay, let's try that again. We're pathetic. We can't even do a storm center. Storm center. Why storm center coverage? Any double you with your correspondence? Opie and Anthony in the field black girl and Yoshi the pork man. They storm center. We're like everyone else. We got our storm center happening. We don't tell you anything. But we have a cool little stinger. All right, we could tell people something. Let's try it again. All right, this just in Opie. Snow continuing to come down in the New York area. I guess later on it's going to be changing over to freezing rain. So please be careful on your commute home. Let's go to the traffic department in storm center here. All right, who's in traffic today? You. I am. Yeah, we don't have a budget on this show. All right, let's say. It's pretty bad. Okay, good. One oh two seven W any W the Rock in New York. That's the latest from Sugar Ray. That's every morning Robert plant before that from now in Zen and little Steven Lynch in there as well. Our buddy our power and the Special Olympics song and is Steven Lynch coming in soon. He's coming back soon. All right, we're going to have a second visit from our new pal Steven Lynch in the coming weeks. Maybe next week. Maybe next Friday. We're trying to set that up. He's got a couple other duties that we found out about that we want him to play in our show. Yeah. So stay tuned for that. Okay. All right. All right. Well the big news obviously is the storm blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah. Long look all the news stations and the TV stations. They all think we're a bunch of retards. They got to state the obvious. They're telling everyone to to drive carefully if they're out on the roadways right now Anthony boy. That's a good one. You know, I thought today was the perfect day to try to hit a hundred on the Jersey turnpike on the way home, you know, you hit thirty. Right. You're lucky and they actually said if you're going to be walking around Manhattan today, this was earlier. Yeah, I'll be careful. It's very slippery out the sidewalks very slippery like you don't know if you see a thing of snow slush. It might be slippery. I'm waiting. I haven't seen this one yet where they actually interview the salt driver. Yeah, the truck. I love that one. Yeah, we're here with the Artie the sanitation guy. Yeah, we've been out all day. Yeah, get a lot of coverage on the streets. It's looking pretty good. We're we keep ahead of it and a little under saying it should warm up and I turned to rain. So, um, yeah, we're just hoping for the best hoping for the best as we all are here. Oh shut up. And then of course the guy throwing that one person that is absolutely enjoying the winter wonderland having a hard time with your commute. We found Lisa on the road today. And I have that cheesy audio. I think it's great. I'm kind of enjoying it enjoying it. The news guys man. I don't want I just love the lazy drivers. I think I'm one of them that you know, that doesn't bother to wipe off all the windows. Oh, yeah. Yeah, it's the rolling igloo rolling igloo, right? Like wipe off the top of your car too. I have that little two inch by two inch cube cut out of your windshield so you could see yeah, it's like a porthole on a tank. It is kind of looking at a little flap. What the hell you got in there kind of radar imaging. I love when you're driving down the road behind some truck or a station wagon that has the foot of snow on the top of the car. Yeah, and you just know a chunk of this crap is going to fall off the hood and where is it going to land right on you right on your windshield. That's fun when a big flake of ice comes off the top of the semi trucks. Yeah, you just driving it. It's spinning at you all of a sudden your commute turned into a video game. We got me. I'm the person that lets the defrost defrost maybe an inch of the windshield and I'll just duck way out and try to drive home that way turn the wiper on it just smears this icy mess. It looks like you're driving home looking through a kaleidoscope. It adds adds to the fun adds to the fun. Fun fun fun speaking of fun. We got Yoshi on the phone Anthony. Well, this isn't just the Opie and Anthony show today. No, no, we've turned this place into a any W Storms. Any W Storm Center team coverage with Opie Anthony Street correspondence black girl and Yoshi the pork man and EW Storm Center. Hello Yoshi. Why do you make me call you? I'm freezing cold. Well, you're a correspondent people need to know what's going on out there. Oh, I'm still coming down like a frothy rice. All over the road. I'm stripping and grinding everywhere. Are you on your bike on my bike? It is like trying to pedal on a Romaine noodles. Very slippery. Oh, I saw down area. Yeah, yes a Rimmel cut me off. I fall off my bike and road sauce tastes like soy sauce. Very salty. Oh very cold. Well, how you keeping warm Yoshi? Oh before I leave our restaurant. I put hot and spicy pork down my pants. I'm trying to keep me very warm for two hours delivery time. Two hours to get crossed out. We know many snow plows out on road many snow plows a big pile of snow hit my bike. I fall off again. But all right, this should be a stopping and it all get a sweep and a summer rain but I still remain a very cold. Are you having a hard time getting all your deliveries done? Very hard time. I'll take a many of many hours to get through all snow with the traffic of cold, sweet rain. I'm stripping and grinding everywhere. Stripping and grinding. What are you delivering this afternoon? I have a tomato pork, can can pork, can can pork, can can pork, and can can pork. I am too cold now, very cold. All right, Yoshi. Thanks for checking in. Oh, wow. There he goes. There he goes. Yoshi the pork man. The liver and the pork and his little menu slipping them under the door. And it is FU Friday. So one of that sent a big FU out to everyone that has sent emails and complaint letters and phone calls to the bosses saying don't you guys know anything Yoshi is a Japanese name. That's absolutely racist. You talk to Yoshi's parents then. They're the ones that named him. You mean to tell me there's not one Chinese guy out there named Yoshi not one. Oh saying there's not one white guy out there named Tyrone. Absolute racism and we won't have it here on the open. Of course not. And you all besides everyone knows knows him as Yoshi the pork man. We can't change his name now. This late in the day to be silly. The break guys. You call him Chang the pork man. Right. It's just not going to be the same work. The only thing that kind of rinded frosty. So Yoshi the pork man it is. It's it. All right. Well, I hope you having fun hanging there. We got more stupidity on the way. I think we're going to hear from Popeye again. Oh, yeah, you got married big news with Popeye will go over that again. Also really fast here later this hour when you hear lunatic fringe by Red Ryder be the 10th caller to win a pair of tickets to see the Black Crows Tuesday night at the Bowery ballroom. Why I think I'm going to shed a tear a lot of our faithful listeners are begging us to go an extra like hour tonight because they're stuck in traffic and they're enjoying us today. Really? Wow. The tides are changing just a little bit here. Yeah, we thank you because usually you know, they beg us to get off the radio by four and get off the radio by four. I don't know. We'll figure it out. The Rock of New York 1027 WNEW lunatic fringe from Red Ryder. That was the song you had to be listening for to score the Black Crows tickets and Rick got a winner. Yes, I do. Maria Martini from Brooklyn. All right on little Latin girl or Italian Italian Italian. Very good. Okay, cool. Congratulations. Thanks. You know, he's back. Congratulate me on me marriage. I got the paper today. Popeye's getting married. Oh, I got married to Alibis girl. Yeah, she's a looker. Huh? She's quite the looks good. What do you think? Now Popeye, what do you what do you see in olive oil? I mean, she really doesn't have a body. Well, she's one guy. Yeah. Some Pusky. Wow. What? Pusky. What is Pusky? Oh, I don't know where you're going on your honeymoon yet. But I can call them. You could call Priceline.com and they'll hook you up Popeye. Well, that sounds great. Do you know what Priceline.com is all about? Tell me well you decide how much you want to pay for an airline ticket or a hotel room three cans of spinach. All right. Well, you can give them a call and see if they'll go for that. Priceline.com 1-800 Priceline or if you're on the internet right they got a website and they're really into this hotel thing right now. And if you use their service, they're going to give you a free hotel night. You can't beat the ball. So Popeye if you're going away for seven nights, maybe you'll only pay for six nights around. That's right. Did you got an airline ticket yet for your honeymoon? No. All right. Call Priceline.com for that. Do you know that I saved $350 right after the holidays Popeye? I heard by using Priceline.com great on skintest. They sure are. All right. So if you're going away, you need a flight or you need a hotel. Give Priceline a call 1-800 Priceline or visit them on the web Priceline.com What's that more supposed to be? The sweetest thing you two on the Rock of New York 1 0 2 7 W N EW first spring steam before that it's opiate Anthony and we put our foot in our mouths again. What happened? Well follow along. Okay. I'm following. Okay. Remember when we first got here. Oh, let me think back. Remember how how bad this place blew when we got here. Yeah, by the way, we're looking forward finally. We're not going to bitch as much because we got all the pieces just about in place. Yeah, it's a new year and we're ready to take on the world. Now. That's it. Our new morning show starts Thursday. Steve Mason check him out. Okay. Yeah, these guys have been in here. But remember when we first started remember the old jocks. Oh, yeah. Yeah, please remember we went on the air every day and bitched and complained about the old tired music. Yes. Remember? Yes, the moldy oldies the songs. You've heard a thousand times, but you just don't care about and we thought we were making some headway. Yeah, I started playing some new songs. Yes. And then what happened to us Anthony the air pollution of the Rock of New York. So then we decided to spend a week playing all the oldie moldy crap once again, just when we thought we were moving forward and some of the old zombies started coming back again. Yeah. Well that hated us and left. Yeah, but we put our foot in our mouth because we thought we were convinced that we wouldn't have to play the oldie moldy stuff anymore. And then we got stuck playing that for a week. Yeah. All right. We lost on that one. Then remember we started bitching and complaining about countdown shows that all the radio stations do. Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, the top 500 the firecracker 500 right coming up this fourth July weekend. We're going to count down the top 500 signs of blah blah blah blah, which is such a waste of time because the listeners don't get a chance to to vote for their favorite songs and stuff. It's just the last they put numbers in front of it and make believe they they did all this work. It's it's lazy radio programming. So we bitched about that. And what did they do New Year's Eve? What happened top 99 rockdowns of all time, which by the way was successful because we did allow the listeners to pick their favorite albums, right? That was true. But we put our foot in our mouth again. I want to know what you're getting at here because it's brutal. Why is something else? Well, yeah. How did we feel about the NBA strike? We thought a bunch of clowns all the players greedy and the owners are a bunch of jerkoffs too. Right. And the fans are the ones that are getting hurt. Right. And they settled it. But damn it. I mean just don't don't go to the game. Don't go to the games. Right. Telling people for a week for the love of God on TV for the love of God, you know, make a stand against the owners of the players, right? Right. And I even said I'm not going to watch or go to a game for a while at least at least and you know how big of a fan I am. So where does this fit? We stuck our schlongs out on the line. What's the cat? Okay. And I just see here that Roger the marketing director of any W. Yeah has added something to the things to know and tell she what is it when the NBA gets ready to play. We'll have tickets to get away. Stay tuned to WNEW. We can't win. So we bitched about that. Now we're giving people tickets to go to the game. Okay, that makes sense. So but in a way in a way, I guess it's cool because you don't have to pay the stupid prices for the tickets. They'll be free. I guess there's a positive little spin on it. We can't win 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York hero of the day from the load CD Pink Floyd before that it's opiate Anthony and Popeye hanging with us here today. It's going out on me wedding day. I can't wait to get into Alex Goyle. She takes a little pants keys off and it looks like spinach. But what a busking. No one's ever seen a busking like runs in. Oh, boy. Oh, it's just get violated by Brutus. Hey, what's your measurements? Twenty twenty twenty twenty twenty twenty twenty twenty twenty but the twins. He I like the best is right around the busking. You can't say busky on the radio. We read the rules. We've been over this already. I ain't never seen the word busky spelt out by the FC's because I can't say busky. Most people don't even know what I'm talking about. That's the songs I sing when I see the busking. Yes, the the the the the the the the the the the the the you're going to do a can of Spanish before your wedding night. That's like Pop Skies Viagra. I just take me Spanish. It swells got me. And just make sure you like it. You know, when you're, you know, full around with olive oils, busky, that would not be a good time to eat the spinach. I launched up through the seals and. I should take it to the doctor, though. Why? So he can put skin a stitch or two. Brutus goes pretty big. I can pass a can of spinach through there. The first time I saw the busky, you know, I thought it was the sea. Looks like it was covered with seaweed. Wow, really? Me being a sailor, me whole life. I know what low tide smells like. Popeye, you're going to get us fired. Why, I introduced her to the douche. Sometimes you gots to do the busky. Listen to Pops guy. No, while we have you back on the air here. Is it really true that wimpy is a homosexual like you stated earlier? Wimpy is a fling in homosexual. He's always looking for me. That was a little codeway hamburger. Just going down, looking for another piece of meat. Very good. Was chasing around sweepy. He was a Petsco file. Are you done? Me pipe sounds like craps. I'm done. I don't know where Anthony goes when Popeye's in the studio. Can't wait for the Pusky. Anthony, what were you doing outside the studio? What? What were you doing? I'm waiting for Popeye to get done. Why? You don't like Popeye? No, I was just, I was just like waiting outside. He's becoming the star of the show today. I was talking with Olive. You were doing a great radio show and you're missing all the fun. I was talking with Olive Oil out there. You see how they wrote it up in the paper like they're real people. So I was out talking to Olive. They have a whole... Discussing things like Popeye and where they're going to live and what they're going to do and her Pusky. They have an editorial in the post that says, Will marriage be strong to the finish? They actually talk to people on the street. And from the looks of them, mutants. These people are all, should just be hauled away. I think they should get married and they will be very happy. Mm-hmm. Wow. Did someone inform them their cartoons? Wow. Okay. No, no, no, no, no, no. He's back there. Okay, good. Maybe he'll make one last visit before we get off the air today. Like he never done. We might go late today, by the way, because a lot of people stuck in traffic and they're enjoying us today for once, which is kind of nice. Thank you. And we don't want to get into that. Yeah, that's true. We want to wait for all you bastards to get out of our way. Hey, gay Ben brought up a good point today. What? He said that this is the first Friday we haven't been drinking during our show. That's right. Look at me. I got Pepsi. Yeah, well, we're not that stupid with the weather out there like that. Pepsi. A Pepsi. You're picking up Popeye's speech. I have it. Okay. A little later this hour. We're going to play legs by ZZ Top. That is your cue to be the 10th caller at 212-757-1027 to score the tickets to see the Black Crows at the Bowery Ballroom this coming Tuesday. And we'll throw in their latest CD by your side. And don't forget Ralph D'Otora, the new guy. We love saying that he's a veteran, but we've been here, what five months more than he has. Yeah. So he's the new guy. Right. He'll be interviewing Chris Robinson and a couple of the other guys from the Crows. It's Opie and Anthony hanging with you as you crawl home. Yeah. Good luck to you. Got a song for the Jaguars. Jaguars. Go Jaguars. God damn Jaguars coming to town Sunday. That's a goddamn good team. I'm gonna go around the television at the bar with my hand dog and watch Jaguars. We'll send this one out to the team. Welcome to the jungle, baby. Yo, man, what's your problem? Huh? What do you call up my employees and messing with them? Because you guys are jamming. Pull it down. All right. Bye. He just saw Jaguar fan. Yeah, we had some guy from Jacksonville call up. I mean, we're gonna we're gonna bite you. We're gonna win the football guy. I hope people got to hear that because we had to dump out of it because he called a stupid mother effers. Did you hear any of that before we had to dump out gay gay bad? That was been the fact in the fag. Whatever. I think he got most of it until he he cursed. Oh, well, he keeps on calling back. He why you messing with me? Well, well the music's playing Anthony and I are just randomly calling people in Jacksonville and really screwing with the agno. Anthony came up with a good reason why they're called Jacksonville. Yeah, I tell the people well, it's Jacksonville because years ago the founding fathers would jack their sons. Hence Jacksonville. What do you mean? Of course we do that. And you wonder why none of these are on the air because every single one is cursing so much that we can't we just can't get it on the air. Am I ever right? Yes, he had. Jackie wars. Jackie walks. Jackie wars going to beat the Jets. What a lab. All right. Jackie war is a big pussy. That's all it is. That's all it is. All right. We're worried because I was hoping that guy would hang with us a little bit. But yeah, we're going to get an intelligent conversation out of a guy from Jacksonville. Maybe it'll call back. Oh sure. F you to the whimpering gluttons for abuse who call themselves NBA fans. Here's some news. It's a business. You might as well root for IBM to beat compact. Van for Manhattan. We do it's called the stock market. Which did well again today. Yeah. Oh man. I had a close call with Amazon today. You are my company Anthony. You're not all my God. Amazon was up today. Yeah. Like 30 points at one point. It's like 199. Right. And I punched out just in time before the bottom fell out. You got in at 150. Yeah. Little 150 option. Yeah. What couple. Yeah. Yep. And then it went up to 199. I punched out like 180. And then it did the bottom fell out and it lost all its gains. It made today and close that what? You know 160 and no one could understand why amazon.com is going through the roof. Well, that's why it's got these peaks and valleys like this and you can play them. But you might as well, you know, it's either do that or go play blackjack or the slots because people there's no rhyme or reason to it. Well, people are confused because this stock has split three ways. Yeah, the value of the stock is supposed to be as one of the analysts came out and said $400 a share before it split. I go this can be a $400 stock. Okay. It gets pushed up pushed up close to 400. They split three ways. Right. So you divide 400 by three and that's what your top of the stock should be. That's what the price should be. One thirty three one thirty three boom. It goes up to 150 160 180 199 and you got in a 150. So now you figure this way to a $200 199 $200. It was up to one point today that split three ways that $600 value on the original stock. And this is all from a company that hasn't shown profits in the last year. No more two years. He's not it's not planning. I know when no one can understand it. It's because everyone is just shoving money into it. He's such a popular stock. It's a fun thing for the day traders and the real the people with the iron wills to play with because you could really get burned on this one. Right really burned. That's why now you know, you watch the real stuff the people always call him and for a while and they're going to raise by 16th. Yeah, you're psyched. Is he back? Hello. Ah, guy is so pissed at us. He's trying to figure out who we are. I guess he's got the caller ID and he's calling us back. I want to get him on the phone. So bad. And maybe next time do we finish our stock discussion or yeah, I think so. We leave a loose end there, you know, yeah, go with your blue chips for your long-term and if you want to play around with the Internet stocks, do it only with risk capital and prepare to get burned every so often. I got what happened to you. What happened to my pal? When I met him, he was installing air conditioners and now he's a stock analyst. What happened? Oh, man. All right, Opie Anthony. Someone's abusing me about my sugar and butter sandwiches. When Opie was a young child. His family didn't have the most money and you had a lot of kids. Well, no, in all fairness, this was my my grandmother's fault. Right. Who I love dearly. She's 88 and she listens to us. She doesn't like when we make fun of Chelsea Clinton. Because she doesn't deserve it and leave her alone because she suffered enough like Chelsea listens to our radio show. Is this what you have to do when you go? I don't even go to family functions anymore. Yeah, between the aunts and my grandmother. I have to talk to you. My aunt goes, I've been listening to your radio show. I don't like what I hear, but I've been listening. Join the club. The show isn't for 60 year old Dykes. Wow. Wow. I don't leave a little scratch. That might have made a ding. Sick of it. Everyone has to comment about my radio. It's my own family. Shut up. Don't listen. Yeah, you get criticized like everything you say everything, especially when you start talking about family. Yeah, you said something about a fat and was that me now I got to figure out when is the next time I got a family function and say for at least three or four months. So there's no real holidays. Don't forget about that comment by then. Hopefully. All right. So my grandmother because she had so many grandkids when we stayed with her in waiting River beautiful house on the water. She had to feed us and she would break out the butter the sugar and the Wonderbread. My mouth's watering already and the butter was used to keep the sugar on the sandwich, right? We would eat it and and we were told that it not only doesn't taste good. It's good for you. Of course. Build strong bones and you didn't notice the same like you said the other day. Yeah, even on the beach if it's sugar in there. Sure. You ever eat like a ham sandwich or something at the beach and you're chewing all of a sudden. Oh, I hate that. That's all with a sugar sandwich. You'd never know. You keep looking at the phone like here. He has got to be the guy because he keeps calling, but we can't get him on the the air because he keeps hanging up. He does want to mess with us. I guess. All right. Anyway, opiate Anthony. Oh, so you ate sugar and butter sandwiches when you were a little pecker. The guys who mother was from Holland ate butter and sprinkles sandwiches. That's right. The guy called it. I'm with his story that he ate butter and sprinkles the colored kind. Yeah, they put the colored sprinkles that you usually put on an ice cream cone. Yeah on the bread with butter and what did he call him? Hockle. Hocklage. Hocklage is Hocklage is Hocklage is right. Well, anyway, I got you guys beat. I got to eat potato chips and mayo on white toast. We all belong to a select group called white trash. Speak for yourself. And on holidays, what a special treat. Apple butter sandwiches. I had no apple butter. Yeah, we got him. Yum. Yum. Ninety-nine cents for a five pound jar. While I was eating my potato chip and mayo sandwich, I would watch bewitched. Sam was my Marsha Brady Anthony. When she wiggled her nose. I used to pretend that she would never mind. Something dirty. Yeah, there's a trailer park heat checking in. You know, wow, this is the guy. Are you dumb sons of bitches? Now, what's wrong with you? Who is this? Don't curse. First of all, I'll kill you. You and your goddamn stupid chance crap. This guy doesn't even sound like what kind of accent is that? Yeah, whatever, dude. You got indoor plumbing yet? Oh, very funny. Assholes. Yeah, whatever. Okay. Yeah, you got it. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I'll try it again. Call again. Yeah. I'll call the police. Yeah, that's a call the police. What? The police. Who's going to show up? Barney or Andy? Give me a break, dude. So you got Sunday. You're going to get off your sister long enough to watch the game. Oh. Oh, yeah, I'll go for that. There you bailed out. All right, whatever. There's our little Jaguar pal. Oh, cool. Where are we on this mess of a show? We're going late tonight, guys. The Rack of New York 1027WNEW. That's Creed. Another track from their debut CD, My Own Prison. That's one. Yeah. All right. Groovy. All right. Little Hendrix ending there. We're going to be here while the car isn't starting. I hate when it gets to the clicking part. I know you know, we got to do just sit and wait 10 minutes and try it again. Yeah. For some reason, it recharges itself. You get a good crank out of it. No, it's the worst when you're heading down that road. You're like, I think I can try it one more time. One more time before the click for the click one more time. One more time. One more. One more. One more. Come on. Come on. This is the one. It's not going to start on a. You're it. Son of a. No, we're stuck. We need it. You got cables, man. Hey, you got no. No. Could you look in your trunk? I know you got cable. They get time. Open the trunk. You liar. Don't have cables. So easy top before that legs. I was a song people had to be listening for the book for the for the for the black crows tickets. It's been a long day. And who's the winner? Rick Mike Richardson from Oakland, New Jersey right on. He's got the latest CD as well by your side and not about to Dora will be interviewing the black crows Monday. So make sure you're listening to Ralphie. You're right, bro. Yeah, a little. Little stuffage today. Just a little, huh? I'm going to have to hit some of the quill tonight. Here's my night. Here it goes. Four hours on the road getting home. Little dinner. Make myself a Captain Morgan and coke. Oh, yeah. With a little lime wedge squeezed right in there. Oh, sit down a play a little half life. Oh, yeah. I kill a few people multiplayer. Yeah, of course. Okay. Go go up into bed and set the pillows up just right. Mm hmm. Shot of quill. One shot of night quill to down for the count. Now, very good. See you Monday. You're not going to check your stock portfolio before you hit the sack. You're out your moves from Monday. Now Monday morning. I'll wake up to the boys at Squawk Box. Okay, I'll check everything out. See how the futures did. Well, no, no, no Monday. Yeah, what am I going to do tonight? Let's say how much of anything actually can go home and the weekend plans. I'll be the big big radio guy. You got to be out. This gotta be a concert a party you going to or something, right? Well, let me tell you my hell and I had the faithful listeners of our show know that you're the married guy. Yes, and you're in your own little hell. Yeah, yeah, you have a good marriage. We all know that Jennifer's a lovely lady, but you did them. You chose the marriage route. Of course. I knew what I was getting into and I'm in it. I decided to be a hip single guy, the bachelor guy, bachelor guy. Oh, yeah. Yeah, your own pad. My own coming. Go as you please because you are not married. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you're commanding your own life. Oh, yeah. Let's say you're hanging out all of a sudden. Buddy calls. Yeah, you're out. Oh, you just get up. Go. Oh, yeah. I don't have to check in with them. No calling. Yeah, like tonight. If you would just wanted to go out to a bar somewhere. Oh, yeah. No, no phone calls to make. No, nothing. I am envious. What are you? How I might as well just get married. The hell happened in my life. You are married. Living with my girlfriend. Yeah. And her mother. Yeah. What happened? What happened in my life? What happened to my life? This is the reason why I don't want to be married. I don't want to deal with in-laws. I don't want to deal with a girl sleeping next to me when I don't want to. That's it. What? You're in it, man. You are in it. All I know is I was single. I was happening. I'm we're working at any W. Yeah, you would think I'm banging broads left and right. I can't watch my own damn TV when I come home. You got pulled in to the vortex. I'll be straight a little too close to the center of the vortex and it sucks you in and it is very hard to get out. I got sucked in so bad. You don't know all of a sudden. You're in it. Not only am I living with my girlfriend. Now her mother's living with us for a while. Yeah, don't ask why because that's a whole story in itself that happens to single guys. It happened to me once. What do you mean? I know that's a single guy. I was a single guy. Lives with their girlfriend and her mother. Yeah, well, that's pretty strange. I don't know how you got sucked in. Ever you ever live at a place and a girl comes over occasionally and spends the night your girlfriend. And then as time goes on she's spending more time there and then before you know it some of her clothes are over your house never gave her the space in the sock drawer. That's what happens. You get like, okay, well, Divi the drawer up right? Why take your stuff back? Right. So they plant things. Yeah, it's true. They plant little things. They you ever see a cat spray when a cat like like its tail goes up and it goes like sprays on the wall or something and designates it as its own. That's what girls do with earrings and panties. They go around your house and they leave this a sock right little sock lit. I don't even know how she ended up living with me. What is the explain that to me? We were going after that. I'll explain how David Copperfield disappears from the state. I can't explain it. I'm a guy. It just happens. It's it is quite magical. I thought we were all just having fun here and all of a sudden she's living with me and now her mother's moved in. She doesn't even go. That's the double whammy. That's making the Statue of Liberty disappear. Her mother doesn't even go. Oh my God. Oh my God. Why I thought we all just have a lot. Why? What happened? What she's going to go and you get home go outside your head. What I say that's so wrong. What happened? People are throwing things at me. Holy wow. Oh wow. All right. It happens though. You get pulled into the vortex. No you stray too close to the center. Hold in you have to be constantly alert of your position in a relationship at all time or you fall in. It happens. Is it your carol? Actually, we interrupt this program to bring you. We were in a guy discussion. I know we're in the mill bar show and all of a sudden you come in. Oh man. Am I that? No, you're not that bad. We're in the middle of a lovely discussion here. I was going to add something to it. Add something to it. Two guys talking about how girls can can okay Carol. I had I've heard your show. What could you possibly add to the set? You've heard my show. What can I possibly add to it? We're going to get the lead out now. Here we go. I was going to say is not if I'm not. Oh my God. This is horrible. Oh my God. This is Sarah. Isn't this Sarah? I hear the the stations clicking to what Rocky's doing. Oh my God. Carol Miller sucks. The oh my God. We can't all right add to the discussion. I wouldn't move in with anybody. I mean I'm married right and I would never live with anybody. I wouldn't move in on anybody. My blood is boiling. And the girl that does that's a sucker. Either you get him to marry you or you keep your own stuff. That's my opinion. That's totally opposite. That's a great opinion. Thanks. All right. Yeah, there's a lot. Thank you. Yeah, but that wouldn't you listen and you would have sucked in. Oh pain. Guys see what Rocky's doing. I don't blame you at this point. I don't blame you. Oh, I didn't see the old the old Westerns where the train is steaming full speed ahead and then and then the brake man lays on the handle and sparks come shooting out of the wheels and it it grinds to a halt. Yes. Well, you know, I really think I'm you know, it's a good whistle. Hope you and Anthony Express. Now I was it would you be all right. No. All right. We'll get off the radio. So you can do your show. Now we're going to do one more break. Actually, you can do that. You have the liberty to do that. Thank you. Rick locked the door so we could do one more break. We're going to do an extra hour for you guys, but I think we can only do one more because we can't deal with it, man. Right. Yeah. The doors locked, right? There you go. Who's banging on the door? She's banging on the door. Don't let her in. Can you do one more break and we'll let Carol do her lovely radio show 1027 WNEW the Rock of New York, Dave Matthews band too much the cars in there and Aerosmith from pump as well. It's open Anthony. I guess I guess we're going to leave now. Yeah. Yeah. We were going to do an extra hour, but just isn't in the plans. I guess now he's not in the mood anymore. Just not. We have to hit the roadways. Hit the roadways. Get out there. How is it out there? It's horrible. I think there's someone on the LA can call up. Give us a little traffic report. Yeah, that would be nice. Yeah. Could you do that? Please? Because that's what we're going to be on in five minutes. Okay. Well, if we're going to go that far, I mean, could everybody on the Queensborough Bridge going eastbound just pull over to the side and let us through. Could you do that? Please do that. Okay. That'd be really cool. And like, um, you know, the, the expressway by the fairgrounds is really bad going eastbound. Yeah. Could you guys all just drive off of that bridge that overpass thing? Just for a favor, just pull to the right. Everyone just pull to the right. Pull to the right. When you see us come out, don't worry about us flying in the left lane. Yeah. Yeah. Could you just do that? Please? That would rock. Springfield Boulevard. Don't slow down. Uh, later, later this hour when you hear what song they have to be listening for the police. I don't know that station business stuff. I didn't pay attention to that. All right. It's a police song. Is it the next police song you hear be the 10th caller to one, two, seven, five, seven, one oh two, seven for a pair of tickets to see the black crows Tuesday night at the Bowery ballroom. Plus a copy of their new CD by your side. All right. All right. People want to hear Yoshi one last time before we head out for the weekend. Well, yeah, we had our storm center. WNEW storm center. Hopi was very professionally run just like all the other radio stations did. They had their weather and traffic reports, some flashy stinger sounds and music. And he double you storm center with your storm team. Hopey Anthony and Yoshi the pork man. Hello. Yoshi. Why do you make me call you? I freezing cold. Well, you're a correspondent. People need to know what's going on out there. Oh, it's more still coming down like a frothy rice. All over the road. I stripping and sliding everywhere. Are you on your bike? On my bike. It is like trying to pedal on a romaine noodles. Very slippery. Oh, I saw down area. Yeah. Yes, a rim. Oh, cut me off. Oh, I fall off my bike and road. So it's like soy sauce. Very salty. Oh, very cold. Well, how you keep it warm, Yoshi? Oh, before I leave our restaurant, I put hot and spicy pork down my pants. Keep me very warm for two hour delivery time. Two hour to get crossed out. Many snow plows out on road. Many snow plows. A big pile of snow hit my bike. I fall off again. But later, this should be stopping and it get a sweep and some rain. But I still remain very cold. Are you having a hard time getting all your deliveries done? Very hard time. I take many and many hours to get through all snow with the traffic of cold, street, rain. I stripping and sliding everywhere. Well, what type of pork are you delivering this afternoon? All right, now I have a ton of pork. Tang tang pork. Tang tang pork. Tang tang pork. Tang tang pork. I am to go now, very cold. All right, Yoshi. Thanks for checking in. Come on. There he goes. Yoshi the pork man. Helping out with our team coverage. Yes. Do you want a traffic report on the LIE for our ride home? We got one? I think so. I hope so. NW. Hello. Hey. Hey, what are you doing? What's this? Opie and Anthony. Hey, what are you guys doing? We're talking to you because we're going to be on the LIE. Tell us how it looks. All right, the LIE is great. Not bad at all actually. Don't lie to us. Listen to me. You want to go home? I live on one. I grew up in East Northville. I went to John Glenn High School with you guys. Hey, John Glenn. What you do is you go right through the Midtown Tunnel, get on the BQE. BQE to the Grand Central Pass, LaGuardia, all right? Get back on the Whitestone Expressway quick. Take the Cross Island back to the LIE. That's how we... I did it. I did it in 38 minutes. That's how we came in today. It was such a drag. Wait a minute. Why can't I just take the Queensborough and get on the expressway? No, I'm telling you. Wait, you guys come from Midtown? Yeah. You come from Midtown. Just go right across 36th Street. Get through the tunnel. No, I'm on 557. I want to take 59th Street Bridge. All right, so then get up that way. You can do that, yeah. All right. It's not too bad on the LIE. No, I'd say it's moving great. Okay. It's moving great. By the way, I did not go to John Glenn High School. Oh, you guys didn't? Anthony did. I did. He went to Harborfields. Really? That's just where I am now. What year did you graduate in Harborfields? 1962. Oh, come on. You know Myron? Oh, we went to Harborfags. Oh, shut up. You know Myron from Harborfields? Myron? Yeah, Brian Dobzak. No, I don't think so. Big guy, about 6'6". No. Right-bed-headed guy. I love that when you said he went to a school. When I was in California, I used to say I was from New York. Oh, you know Billy Smith? Oh, yeah, yeah. From that New York place. All right, man. We got to get on the road. Enjoy. We were going to do an extra hour, but we don't feel like it now. I don't think you're allowed. We can. We can. We just, the life was sucked out of us. Yeah. Mood got broken. You guys are really good, man. Hey, thanks. See you later. Have a great weekend. You too. All right. Safe. Cool. We're out of here.