 I don't do seven W and E W the right of New York with Boston matchbox 20 before that 3 a.m. and Van Halen got us going today on a few Friday it's open Anthony hey and I got I got to thank kiss. Yeah you see the new issue of playboy. I haven't even really shown you yet Anthony when we had all the members of kiss in the studio they were talking about how playboy was going to do something called the girls of kiss. Bunch of girls naked with kiss makeup on it and remember we begged the band to please send us a copy when it gets out there. Yeah well they sent us a copy there it is our own personal copy from kiss themselves. Those girls are the girls of kiss. My Lord if you're walking by a newsstand you've got to check this out. Got to look at that. Get all the members of kiss just swarmed with girls completely naked with kiss makeup on. Looks kind of bizarre doesn't it. It does look bizarre. It's so damn hot though. There's some real nice looking ones in there. Look at it. Look at Ace freely. Does he even know that he's hanging out with a bunch of naked girls in that picture. Look at that. Look at Paul. Does he care. What are you trying to say today. I'm saying does he care. I don't know. All right. Look at it. Look at Ace though. He's just so out of it. Hey look around. Those girls are naked man. Look around. Oh man. There's a cool shot. Some shots of girls in the front row at a kiss show all completely topless. That's a hot shot too. So you shouldn't hand this to us just as we're going on. I know because now we're distracted. The whole first break is ruined here. But trust me you're walking by a newsstand. You got to check it out. It's a playboy. The girls of kiss. I'm not even sure if it's on the newsstands yet. And Ralph said this one girl right here was just OK. Well you're a little. You're a little crazy with that girl. Crazy. All right. If you get the kiss issue. There's a bunch of girls around Peter Chris. All right. Just past the pictures of the kiss concert and the girl to the far left. Those are the best breasts I've ever seen in my damn life. Everyone has different opinions. And I said Ralph. I don't know. Aren't those the best breasts you ever seen? Is that what you say Ralph? OK. They're OK. How can you say they're OK? And then Opie said that Ralph must be a homo. Better than OK. Well we're a lot better than OK. All right. Which ones would you go for Ralph? I'm quite happy with the ones I have. Thank you. Well this is fantasy. I think your wife can handle you talking about another woman. Ralph. Look at that. He's in that position. He is. Even though I know your wife's listening. Kathy don't listen to this. Come on. It's fantasy land. Which which press would you point out? Which ones. Yeah. Which ones are like you realize you're getting me in serious. I know. Oh my God. You can't even point to ones you think would be attractive. This is fantasy world. I see. I look like Mrs. T. So. Oh my God. Come on. All right. That one. Yeah. Yeah. That's pretty hot right there. He's pussy whipped. Come on. She knows we're just having fun. Right. Yeah. We put you in a bad position every day. At least you didn't curse this time on our show. We appreciate that. You haven't shut the mic off yet. He's got to shut off the mic. We're in trouble. That's so funny. I got a little flack when I got home the other night from Jen. Remember the girl that called up and said that she had been going out with the guy for about eight weeks and she had finally decided to give him a hammer. Yes. And it was going to be the first time she described how she was going to do it. They usually sit down and make out and he gets to second base as it were. And she was going to finally reach over and undo his pants and start. And we were all just freaking out. And the way. Yeah. Because you remember what that's like. You know, and I was just sitting here, I guess, drooling and moaning and groaning. So I get home and Jen's like, so did you, uh, how long just stay on the phone with your girlfriend? Like, oh, my girlfriend. I can only wish a girlfriend like that. Oh, please. It's just memories. Yeah. So I guess I was being a little too, uh, over, hopefully excited on the phone. When you start dating a new woman and that happens for the first time, there's, there's nothing better in the entire world. I'm eating that. There's no drug that's better. There's, there's nothing. I was just trying to like totally get into the whole mindset there because she was saying the guy has no clue this is going to happen. Like they hadn't talked about it. And remember that when you're dating and all of a sudden you have five or six going down, you have five or six dates, you're watching a, you know, some movies and stuff and you get to second base and you just know every time you try for third, you're going to get shut down. Go try to go for the patch. She's going to make that that Kung Fu maneuver. Your ladies with your hands. It's amazing what you guys could pull off. But you know, it's funny. I remember this one. What are you doing? Oh, like all of a sudden you're like, should I go for it? So, okay, we're in that throws a passion here. It's gotta be the right time. You know, so you go to make the move and the guy goes, What are you doing? And it's just like, oh, man, I felt it. It was perfect. Shut out again. I just like now that the whole scheduling gets pushed back another couple of weeks, it is a mess. And you don't and you ladies don't understand the stress you put us through because we're not sure if it's the right time to make the move. Are we going to get shut down? You don't know. You just don't mind boggling every time you go out on the date. It's like, is this going to be the time? Do I try it? Do I not? And she knows she totally knows all the power in the world. You know, as much as given it, you ladies, I love you. Got all the power. Yeah. All right. So we're ready to rock here, right? It's after you Friday. Let's just get out of the way. A big FU to anyone that supports cop killers. Thank you. Yeah, enough discussion on that. People showed up there. A ton of instant feedback and faxes and phone calls on that. So let's just get that one out of the way. You support a cop killer. A big FU to you. FU. All right. The facts line for the rest of the FU is 212-957-WNEW. And of course, if you're online right now, use the instant feedback. We love feedback when we're doing our radio show. Just click on our pictures through the WNEW website and you could throw an email, write us here in the studio. All right. Look at that. I just updated it. Yeah. It's a scandal. Look at it. All of a sudden, an FU, I guess, to Ralph. A big FU to that pushy, whooped bastard who's scared to look at Playboy because his wife might get mad at him. Thanks, Jay. Jay from Jersey. Look at that. Throwing an FU Ralph's way. That's cool. See, we can update this immediately. The Rock of New York, 1027-WNEW, Days of the New and the Downtown. A little band from Kentucky doing quite well for themselves. I think they're finally of age, that band. When that CD came out, they were 16 and a half, 17 years old. And they and I used to buy beer for those guys. Yeah. And they were doing shows in Boston. The last station we worked at, Days of the New, we were one of the first stations that played those guys. Now everyone plays Days of the New. And they played a couple of club gigs for our radio station, but they weren't of age to drink. So we'd be backstage and they'd go, could you go out to the bar and grab us some beers? Sure, man. So, breaking the law. I think we hold a special place in their hearts. Yes. We got them there. Brew. All right, man. It's FU Friday. Keep the faxes coming, 212-957-WNEW. And if you want to use the phone line, we'll go there next, 212-757-1027. Hi, NEW. Hey, is this Opier Anthony? Both. Yeah, what's up? How are you doing? Good. I want to tie in. I heard Howard this morning and they were talking about you guys. Really? They didn't mention our show. They didn't mention our show. They didn't mention our show, unfortunately. Right. But they said they were talking about what you guys were talking about yesterday when was it Opie got beat up for saying nigger? Yeah. Well, the story goes, yeah, when I was young I was really... Well, I heard it yesterday and this morning I heard it on Howard. Yeah, well, Big Black, if that s*** sucking mother f***er is listening to our show, give us credit, you a**hole. You piece of s***, you f***, you s***. Oh my God. Holy s***. Are you guys playing Braw Bingo today? We need the help around here and if Big Black is going to call Howard with a cute little story that's going to make everyone laugh, at least, you know, tell her where he heard it. I know, I know, I know. Alright, man. Humorous anecdote. You guys are doing a great job. Thank you. Hey, it's Homer. Hi. Hello. My God. I've gotten quite a few calls and emails and faxes about that one. Thanks for, you know, supporting us a little bit, guys. Man, we're feeling the love when you're paying attention and letting us know about things like that. Don Stern, you hold all the listeners in your pocket like so many nickels and dimes. You must let us drink from the well, Don Stern. Hi, N.E.W. N.E.W. You're on the air. You're on the air. Hello. That delay might be shaking them up. Hi, N.E.W. Hi, you guys. What's up? I got a big F-U. Alright. I just bought a brand new vehicle. Yeah. And you know how you get the loan from the bank? Right. They sent me the Dalton loan payment booklet one day before the first payment is due. How's that? You have an instant late on your record now. Big mother effing F-U to North Fork Tank. And while we're on to F-U, big F-U to Caramella. Ouch. Alright, we'll get that one out of the way. Take care, guys. Make it easy, man. A lot of people call him with that one today. I hate that when you get bills or something and it's like due date today. Gee, thanks for the little buffer period here. Exactly. Then they rake you for being late. Hi, N.E.W. Hello. Hi. Hi. What's up? I have a big F-U for the governor of St. Louis. Governor of St. Louis? Yeah, he communicated that guy is sentenced for death when the pope was there? Exactly. Yeah, the pope came and told him that this triple murderer shouldn't be on death row. Yeah. And the guy just rolled over because it was the pope and said, okay, we'll give him life in prison. Incredible. He killed like some drug partner that he had. Yep. But then he killed his wife and his handicapped son. Can you imagine? And this guy, and then all of a sudden he finds God in prison. Of course. You get a couple of feet of pipe in the keister and you'll find God too. That's the first step to becoming a Jesus-freaking-in-prison is becoming queen of the weight room prom. You know? You guys are great. Man, I love all of them. The guy you had on yesterday was hysterical. Oh, we love Lewis Black. He's great. He's out of his mind. We love him. Yeah, he's going to be pretty much a regular on the show. Yeah, he's really great. He really digs coming in here and you can see him on the Daily Show every Wednesday night. Is he? Yeah. All right. Thanks a lot, guys. Thanks for checking in. Have a good day. All right. I was laughing my ass off last night thinking about what that caller said about the pope yesterday. He said, you know the pope has the big pope mobile? It's that car with the square glass case that he drives in. It would be funny as hell if as he's driving all of a sudden wind starts blowing and dollar bills are flying around and he's got to grab them. He could take that big ass pope. I have raised for the better for the Lippers. That was stupid. Wave. He's got he's trying to trying to catch the dollars waving like he does with the back of his hand. Hello. Look at the. So, Peter Anthony, it's a few Friday. I got to read this fax. It's just so wrong to 12957 W. Any W. If you want to send a fax. This is from wacky stacky. I think a big F you to the makers of wow potato chips. I almost asked in my pants because I couldn't hold it on the bus. And when I got home, I blew my first. It says on the bag it could cause a loosening of the stool. Yes. That's what it says. I know that is so wrong. But I had to read that on the air. I'm going to get on the back of the ball. The rock in New York, one of two seven W. Any W. Sweetest thing you do is open Anthony. It's a few Friday. We're off to a fine, fine start. Well, yes, it's your opportunity to vent your week's worth of anger. And we give you the forum right here. I don't think we've explained the F you concept lately and we're getting new listeners every single day at this point. It's pretty good. We're lucky. We have a forum all week long to vent our pissed off in this. And on Friday, we open up the phones and you could call up and what pissed you off this week? You know, whether it was your lame ass boss, your wife or husband ragging you, you know, the mechanic that charged all kinds of cash. car out of the lot and it's still screwed up. Here's your forum. Pretty much. And we put a lot of you guys on on Friday. We kind of turn the show over to you guys completely on Fridays. Exactly. And we got another lady on the line here, Anthony Rachel, I think her name is. She tried the Hummer technique that we're telling everyone and another satisfied customer on the line here. That's great. Now, I'm stuttering because we've been talking to so many ladies in the last few days and they just kept me so worked up. But Laura Korn was in here and she gave a great technique to give a special hummer to your boyfriend or husband. Yes. And Laura Korn pretty much guaranteed the ladies that it would be the best hummer you ever had. As long as this technique wasn't done on him before you got to him. It's a tall order, but people are coming through. Yes. And the technique again, because there's hundreds of emails from ladies that want to know it. Oh, well, you blindfold your man. Of course, he is naked. And then you have a hot liquid and a cold liquid in two separate glasses. You drink the hot and you start your hummer. And then that alone would make most guys go crazy. Then when he's not expecting it, you put the cold liquid in your mouth, place that around a little bit and then proceed again with the hummer. And then alternate. Hot, cold, hot, cold, hot, cold, and supposedly it just drives guys batty. Absolutely nuts. Who is that guy? Do we have a mic on the street again? I don't know what's happening. Somebody is getting the technique as we speak. What's his name? But ladies, if you're using the technique and you got it from us, please tell your man where you got it from. Yes. We're bribing people to listen to our show at this point. And what a better way. There's no better way to get people to listen to the show than to bribe them with sexual favors with the best hum and the lever getting their lives. So let's talk to Rachel here. Rachel, I heard you tried the hummer technique. Uh-huh. And? Phenomenal results. Really? Uh-huh. Was the guy just freaking out? Totally. Completely. What did you use? Actually, just hot water. I didn't even bother with the tea. Couldn't be bothered with that. Hot water. And then you had another glass with some cold water in it? And the cubes, a little bit of cubes. And ice cubes. Uh-huh. And you alternated hot to cold. Uh-huh. And what happened every time you alternated? What did you do? Like jumping, like riding around like a fish out of water. It was unbelievable. Great! Did you have him blindfolded too? Absolutely. Wow. That is fantastic. No doubt. Did you at least tell him where you got the idea from? Yeah, yeah. I kind of set it up. I said, you know, I heard this thing and I'm going to give it a try. Oh my God. Was it the best one you ever had, you think? Oh, definitely. Oh, phew. Definitely. Awesome. See, but now, like, you know, now I've got to live up to that. That's going to be difficult. I think I'm going to have to go buy the book or something. Yeah, there's a lot of interesting things in Laura Korn's book. Absolutely. All right. Cool. We'll pass any new ones on to the listeners also. Great. You never know. Great. Wow, I'm speechless. I know. So is he. I'm just imagining. I know. It's just bad. Well, didn't you guys have your girls try it on you? Well, um. See, you need to be able to speak from experience. That's what you need to do. Yeah. Experiential learning is the best kind of learning there is. Can I give you her phone number? Maybe you could talk to her. Maybe you could call her on Tuesday. There you go. I was experiencing an argument. So. Yeah, Anthony was experiencing the hot and cold, but it was a different hot and cold. Yeah. Oh, man. Well, have a great weekend. Thanks, you guys, too. Bye. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Oh, that's great. Thanks, Rachel. Yeah. Hi, N.E.W. What do you got? How you doing, guys? I saw the, uh, Free of Frustration Friday this morning. Uh-huh. Is that lame? Oh, the best was when they had, uh, what the guy behind the counter, uh, still drumming from the, uh, different strokes. Talking about him, uh, sorry. Oh, you're cursed, man. You're cursed. That's the S-word. That's the F-word. You're cursed, man. You can't use the S-word on a radio. We had to dump out of you. Oh, my goodness. Anthony, explain what's going on with, uh, Fox and the... Well, Fox, yeah, they have that Good Day New York in the morning, and for some reason, like, two weeks ago, they just started this, uh, original idea that they have. You get to fax in what has pissed you off during the week, and they call it Free of Frustration Friday. Is it going to steal our thing? They can't even go the distance and call it F-U Friday. Well, could you picture a Fox News guy sitting there? It's now F-U Friday. Oh, ho. Well, F-U. You know, I don't think that would go over well with the Fox exact. Yeah, but they take our bid and they bastardize it, and now it's all cute and cuddly. I know. Free your frustrations Friday, everyone. Free your frustration Friday. Yeah, yeah, so they have that going. Yeah, you guys should fax Fox and tell them, you know, come on. You got the idea from Opie and Anthony. At least give them credit. Coming up on Fox, it's, uh, uh, Teabag Tuesday. The Facts Line at Fox. Give them hell. 212-717-5849. Rick's got that fax number if you need it, all right? Fax your frustration. Priceline.com, Anthony. Yes, I love Priceline. One of our many sponsors on the Opie and Anthony show. We do love Priceline.com. The reason I love them, personally, I don't think I've mentioned it lately, but they saved me $350 on two plane tickets to Florida right after Christmas. True savings. Did not know who I was. I heard William Shatner's on the radio forever. I needed a flight desperately, so I said, what the hell? I'll give them a call and see what they can do for me. And they saved me $350. They quoted me my price that I wanted to pay for a new hair piece. Priceline actually had a hair piece for a price I could afford. I don't know if they're working hair pieces yet, Mr. Shatner. Well, since I do the commercials, they'll make some concessions for me. Captain James Deeker. I know they do flights. On your primitive airlines, yes. And I know their latest thing is hotel rooms. Yes, yes. Going away in the near future and you need some hotel rooms, why don't you give them a try and see what they can do for you. If you use their service, they will give you a free hotel night. You name your price for a hotel room and then they try to do that for you. Yes, I want to check up in a hotel with that green woman I was dancing with. Maybe I could get in touch with... Baszler! Well, you got a pen. You can write down the number. Yes, get that for me. The Rock of New York, 1027 WNEW. Soapy and Anthony, FU Friday in progress. Keep the facts as they're coming. 212-957-WNEW. We're getting a lot of people asking about Dave Matthews and what is going on this coming Tuesday. My answer to you is, I don't know. I don't know. Well, let's just put that up on the board for everyone to read your words. I don't know. Where's Roger? I don't know. In the hall. I do know that Dave Matthews is coming in Tuesday. I do know he's playing on Ralph DeTorio's show. Right. I do know that we want to invite some listeners down. But besides that, I have no clue what's going on. Because everybody wants to come down here and check out Dave Matthews on the air. So maybe Roger could come in to our show a little later on and explain all this for us. Okay. Because we really don't pay attention in meetings. They did tell us what's going on, right? I don't know. I can't sit in these meetings. We have meetings and I phase out. I start playing with my shoelaces. I swear, I'm sitting in the chair and the whole time I got my eyes wide open and I'm looking right at the person that's talking. And nodding and stuff. And all I'm thinking is, oh my God, I'm going to fall asleep. I can't concentrate. Well, that's why we got into radio so we didn't have to have meetings. I put my foot up on my leg and I take my shoelace, that little plastic piece on the end, and I start poking it through the other holes. As they're talking and occasionally I'm like, mm-hmm, yeah. Well, yeah, of course. Great idea. No, that's good. And then I can't sit in meetings. We have meetings about meetings at this place. And then I feel like I've been beat up when I leave them. I'm all tired. You guys are sitting there going, you guys have the luckiest job in the world. Yeah, we do. But they make it hard. It's a real basic job, but they make it complicated. Suits will wreck even radio. Yeah, they put too much effort behind it. Too much effort and thought. You know, the other day we had Laura Corneon, we decided to drop all our music and turn it into a talk show for two hours. This whole place freaked out. They were calling each other and having meetings saying, is it OK? Why not? We haven't tested that, how well that works with the slide roll. Is there a research book we could go into to make sure this is OK? Well, Tennessee, let's go to the 3D BB. If we cut out all the music, certain listeners will tune away. But others will come in when they hear interesting banter. And whoopee, you get people listening to the station. Thank you, Mr. Whoopee. I mean, yeah, there's a whole thought process behind taking a dump in here. There's everything. You need meetings and scheduling this and that. Like right now, there's someone in an office with a stopwatch going, oh, my God, they're talking too much. What the hell is going to happen? Someone turn off their mics. Yeah, unbelievable. It should be so easy. According to our research, Opie and Anthony should only talk 17 minutes an hour. We've researched this. We know. Thank you. Roger's in the studio. So what's up with Dave Matthews? Well, he's coming up Tuesday. He's going to be playing live in the studio at Ralph's show. I sign up for this. The faithful listeners know what Roger's all about. We just invite him in because we like to hear how he talks. It's like Curse. He was born in Jersey and then raised down south in Atlanta. It's like some kind of obnoxious accent mix that's like matter, anti-matter, you know, and screws everything up. It's a little too proper for you guys. I know. All right. Now say Gary Hoey for us. Gary Hoey. I love that. That's funny. So opening for Dave Matthews will be the Goo Goo Dolls. Then he'll be here at 1 30 to be playing. OK. And on Monday, we're going to be giving out listeners the opportunity to come up to the studio to meet Dave Matthews and hear him play live. Right. And so all day Monday. Are you getting a limo for Dave Matthews to pick him up to bring him to the studio? No, actually, Carol's going to be picking him up and bringing him in. Carol. I don't know that name. Carol. I don't know. Carol. Carol. Oh, no, it doesn't ring a bell. And so all day Monday listeners are going to have to sing their favorite Dave Matthews song to win an invitation to come up here. Really? Wacky radio alert. All right. All right. Cool. That sounds fun. Thanks, Roger. I don't know how that worked. You didn't say limo, though. No, he's not coming in a limo. All right. Thank you. To the studio. All right. And speaking of winning, we got our Super Bowl winner on hold here. Is this the guy? Rick's handed me the name. You and I, Anthony, will be at this guy's house. It's exciting. On Sunday. Mm hmm. It's Tom from Bayshore. Let's say hi to Tom. Tom. Hello. It's Opie and Anthony. No way. We are coming to your house for the Super Bowl. No way. Yeah. Oh my God. I called you guys last night and said, yo, I hope you come to my house. I want you to bring Stephen Lynch. Oh, I remember you. You remember me? I called you. I don't believe it. Are you cool or what? Oh, we're cool. Don't worry. We got nothing to worry about. We're going to have a good party over your house. We're going to have a great party. How many people are we bringing? Well, we could give you a dress out on the air and then we'll get hundreds. It's up to you. Oh my God. It's up to you. I've never won anything in my life. I'll give the dress out if you want me to. No, I don't think I can have that many people. All right. We'll give a hint. It's in Bayshore. That's all right. I can't believe it. My wife is going to kill me. Are you going to supply the strippers? Oh, sure. That was part of the deal. If we come to your house for the Super Bowl, you have to supply the strippers. How many do you need? Six each would be nice. All right. I can't believe it. Oh my God. Well, congratulations. We're coming over Sunday. Great. What time? Anthony and I, and actually, you know, you're going to be here at the end of the day. Great. What time? Anthony and I, and actually, you're really privileged because we're also bringing Ben the Fag and Black Earl. Beautiful. Beautiful. What about Stephen Lynch? You got to bring him. We'll see what he's doing. He might hang with us. Let's bring him out. I'll give him a call. See if he wants to come out. Beautiful. All right. Well, we're going to see you Sunday, man. Great. What time are you coming? I don't know. 435. Beautiful. And we'll stay for the whole game. Great. All right. And we got the 53-inch Sony TV that's going to be hooked up in your house, I think tomorrow. This is outstanding. Well, Tom, congratulations. Thank you. I guess we're supposed to do something really gay here and say, like, what's the rock in New York? But we hate when people do that. So I think we have to come up with a cool one. Come up with a cool one? Yeah. Hey, what's the station that sends two DJs over your house that are probably going to get drunk and puke on your furniture? That must be WIU 102.7. All right, Tom. We'll see you Sunday. Great. Take it easy. Cool. There goes Tom. All right. Looks like we're going to have fun on Sunday. Yes, it does. We were pitching a complaint in all week because we were scared that we would get a winner that wasn't cool. Well, we didn't want, you know, a serial killer. Yeah, a winner that lived in a one-room apartment with his mom or something. Yeah. But it looks like we're going to have fun out there in Bayshore with Tom as a gay. Yeah. Cool. The Rock of New York, 102.7 WNEW, Def Leppard from Pyro Mania. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey. That few Friday's going strong. I got a quick one here on the Instant Feedback. It says, Opie and Anthony, send out the hugest F you to my ex-fiance. The bastard cheated on me with a 20-year-old. We were together for four and a half years and everything was fine until he met this girl who had a sob story about being dumped by her fiance because she got pregnant. I hope he wraps his new truck that I helped him buy around an effing tree. I hope he's happy with the young psych patient with the kid. He's an effing weak pussy who can't deal with being responsible. He owes me almost $1,000 in repairs to my car and bills. Like father, like son, I guess. Thanks. I love how people are using the word pussy in their everyday conversations. Well, it's an easy way to say something else and not get either in trouble or offend. It's a fun little word. Oh, pussy. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. I was watching The Godfather 3 last night. You hate The Godfather 3. I hate it and I was sitting through some of it though just realizing how much I hated it. Not even the case, but commercials came on for what's coming up on the USA Network. And they're showing commercials for Basic Instinct. Speaking of pussy. Pussy. With Sharon Stone. And they're promo-ing it. They must have showed the clip where she's ready to uncross her legs, that famous scene where in the uncut version of the movie she shows... Pussy. And it became like the most famous part of the movie. Sure. So the announcer with that voice, you know, Tonight USA, Basic Instinct, Sharon Stone exposing it all. And you know they're not going to show it. Like USA Network is going to show Gash. Let's just say it. That just like an F-U to USA. Because they're promo-ing it like they're going to show it. They're suckering everyone in. They're not going to show it. Of course not. Rent it if you want to see it. It's not even worth it. I don't even know what the movie's about anymore. I just remember that scene. That's what anyone remembers. I think the movie was bad. Yeah, I'm not even sure. I don't even care. You can punch that up on the internet. They got like zoomed in shots of it and everything. It's just heinous. I swear to God. Why is it heinous? Come on. Do we have to get into it? Carefully, I think we can. Maybe she should have... We're all adults here. Maybe she should have trimmed. You're trying to say, Anthony, that Sharon Stone has a 70s Earth mama muff? Look, I don't want to say it was bad, but it kind of looked like Fidel Castro eating a London broil. I got to tell you, boy. Oh my Lord. Crossing, uncrossing. Oh, the Wookie down there. Wow. Okay. That's all. But USA isn't going to show it. Just stop promoing it like that. Cute little story. Up next, we got more complaint letters about a Stephen Lynch song. What a surprise. Oh, that's Sarkia. Sorry about that. Oh, too busy drinking a beer. What's this one? Look on the bright side. When Sharon gets old, she'll look like Don King upside down. Looks like she's got Phil Donahue's head in a leg lock. All right, enough. We've reached our quota on Sharon Stone private park jokes. The Rock of New York, 1027WNEW, David Bowie, and Rebel Rebel. It's Ophi and Anthony. Hello. And we got to do one of these weather breaks. What? We don't do weather on our show. Okay. What do we got? Traffic and weather together on the 10. No, that's CBS. Oh, okay. No, no. On the ones is wins. On the ones. What do they say? Traffic and weather together on the ones? No, it's traffic on the ones. What about the weather part? It's always traffic and weather together, isn't it? You're thinking CBS. But they both do traffic and weather together. I don't think together. When it says traffic and weather together. No, I don't think together. Okay. Jesus. Now Scott Irma is going to come running down here. Tell us what the deal is. All right. And now the WNEW Weekend Weather Check, sponsored by The Big Chill on home video. The forecast is... Let's look. It's kind of gray. Chilly. Kind of cold, right? I think so. And... And gloomy? Yeah, gloomy. Gloomy, good. Good, gloomy. Gloomy is a good weather word. Yeah. Barometric pressure, do we know that? Um... Um... Does anyone understand... I don't have an isobar count. Does anyone understand the barometric pressure when the weather geek says that on TV? Yeah, so when it gets lower, the weather gets lousier. Yeah, but the average schmo doesn't care or follow that? Well, there is a low pressure system moving into our area. The counterclockwise circulation moving Arctic air. Our direction, which should make for a chilly evening. But this should all move away to make for kind of a partly cloudy weekend. Really? Enjoy it. Back to you, Opie. This weekend, buy a copy of The Big Chill, the 15th anniversary edition from Columbia TriStar Home Video. And when Glenn Close does that shower scene, make sure you openly laugh as loud as you can. That's my favorite scene in the movie. Cracks me up every damn time. In the fetal position on the floor. God, is that funny. It's a scream. All right. Well, we got some FU's here, Anthony, from Paula from College Point, New York. What's her problem? Opie and Anthony, I would like to give a big FU to the despicable bastard who wrote that dumb killer kitten song. Uh-oh. P.S. I would like to also give you guys a big FU for playing it. Paula. She doesn't like Stephen Lynch's little ditty. And we got a letter, Anthony, that's supposed to go to management. Oh, another one. Just like yesterday. I don't know how we intercept these damn things, but, uh. Some veterinarian organization emailed us yesterday. Well, this one has nice letterhead. Look at that. Yeah. Look at the, it's professionally written. It's got to and from and CCs and phone numbers and email addresses, everything. This was supposed to go to the boss. Must have used word perfect. So let me read this one. To WNEW. I was shocked and sickened to hear a song called kill a kitten recently on your reputable radio station. Reputable. Could be reputable. Could be repulsive. I think it is reputable. Is it reputable or repulsive? I think it's reputable. Repugnant? Repugnant radio station. Sorry about the reputable. Is reputable even a word? It is now. Okay. I was shocked and sickened to hear a song called kill a kitten on your lovely radio station. How's that? What is it or was it that you hope to accomplish here? A bunch of innocent mutilated kittens or puppies if you can't find a kitten? I'm sure I don't have to tell you that there are many crazy listeners out there who will certainly enjoy testing out this song's how to. Of course. Whereas I am not an animal rights activist. I am a loving and caring pet owner. I also give much of my spare time, which isn't much, to an animal hospital caring for other people's pets and comforting the owners when their pets are sick and dying or have died. These precious little creatures bring so much joy and happiness to many people and I find it deplorable that any W could even think of playing such a horrific song. Obviously you are not pet owners. Obviously, yes. But if by some chance you are, I feel very sorry for your kittens and puppies. Thank you for your time. I would welcome any response via my email address. Susan from New York, New York. Well, Anthony, I think we should put this aside over here so we could hand that over to the boss after the show. It should go into the file of very, very important letters that we've gotten. Well, that files right over here. Okay, you could file that, right? Yeah. There we go. That's good. Put it in the proper. There it is. Yeah. You know what? I should have gen tape someday. Me being an idiot with my cat. You know? You don't even have to explain yourself. No, no, I'm not. I'm just saying it's funny that they say, you know, you're probably not a pet owner and if you are, I feel sorry for your animals. It's like, JD, hey, come here, boy. I'm all nice to my cat. You bitch. We're both pet owners, but we also have a sense of humor. Yeah, like anyone's going to hear the words to that song and start, you know, killing cats. So this is something new on our radio show, Anthony. When someone complains about a bit, we play the bit. Play it. Simple as that. If you stop writing your stupid letters, then maybe we'll put the bit aside for a while, okay? But here's Stephen Lynch and the Kill a Kitten song that everyone is talking about lately. All right? Okay. My favorite part is the part about trying to feed your kitten cocaine. Cocaine? Yeah. Yeah, that's a good one. Your favorite line? Yeah. Do you have a favorite line in this song? Probably the TNT up the butt line is pretty funny. You always heard the stories of that when you were a kid. Yeah. Like there was always some kid in the neighborhood, yeah, and he took a firecracker and he put it up the cat's butt and lit it. And you know it never happened. It's just one of those stories, you know? All right. Man, we got a great story on the line. We'll get to next. But in the meantime, we've got to get back to the rock and roll. Green Day, our pals. Yeah. When are they coming in to say hi to us? When they're in town, I guess. The last time we had Green Day on our radio show at another radio station, they came in and we allowed them to go through the entire music library of this radio station. Yeah. And smash all the CDs that they felt we shouldn't have been playing at the time. Yeah, they didn't like. So they threw them. They broke the clock. Mm-hmm. They're just nuts. Now, I'm thinking here at NAW, I'm looking at a wall of CDs. There's some purging that needs to be done. So there's an open invitation to the gang of Green Day to come in here and we will allow you to go through our entire CD collection and smash what you don't like. Yeah, there are certain parts of the rock and roll library that should be taken off the Dewey Decimal system. Yes. You know? So we're going to invite our pals, our buddies, Green Day to come in here and purge the library for us. Yeah. They did a great job at the last station we were at, and I do believe they would have a field day in here. Mm-hmm. All right. 1027 WNEW, the Rock of New York. That's the new band, Train, with the song called Free As You Make Your Ride Home on this FU Friday. Run around the studio like a madman today. So many FUs coming in. Yeah. There's a couple good ones on the instant feedback really fast here. This is from Kelly. Kelly, I want to send out a big FU to my boss, the lesbian, who hits on me constantly. You look like a man, bitch, but not enough like one. Oh, man. That's got to stink. That's cold. Yeah. Yeah, Tom, did you read his? No. From New York about the Killer Kitten song. I think a little sarcasm is in this. I'm not sure. Guys, I was wondering if you could start warning people before you played some of those bad songs. Some of us just aren't that bright. I had the blood of about 30 kittens on my hands before someone told me it was a joke. Sorry, I have to go now. That same person just pointed out I have my shoes on backwards. He was killing kittens before someone even had to tell him it was a joke. Oh, my God. We are so wrong. We love sarcasm. Let's stress that. We love sarcasm. Keep it coming. This is a good sarcastic one. My colleague and I would like to send out a tag team FU to our secretary. Today she wore a dress to work that just didn't quite cut it. She is too old and too fat, especially for this dress. Anyway, we were walking towards her desk earlier when she turned around and bent over to open the bottom filing drawer. We couldn't help it, but the guy autopilot thing took over and we lucked. It was nasty. The guy autopilot? Yeah, you have to luck. And FU to her for ruining our lunch. Guys will always sneak a peek. It doesn't matter what it looks like. That's the truth. It always will. I was sitting there and I was starting to breathe heavy. It was very embarrassing. But guys will sneak the peek. How old were you? Sixth grade. That's striking gold when you're in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. I was in sixth grade. That's pretty old when you're in sixth grade. Yeah, yeah. It was pretty embarrassing though. Yeah. Yeah. It's kind of erotic, embarrassing. Cute little story. Interesting. Or school days. Yeah. Rich is telling us we've got a great FU on the line here. Hi, Andy W. Hi. Hi. FU, huh? Let me tell you what happened to me. Christmas Eve day, I've been living with my boyfriend for five years. All right. And Christmas Eve day, I came home from work too far that he was in my house, in my bed, with someone else. Oh. Wow. Who was it? Well, I found out later on who it was, but the best is my father had just passed away three weeks prior to this. Oh, my Lord. Insult to Andrew. And let me tell you another thing. She's married. Oh. Yeah? Yeah. Now, what, did you come home early? Well, no. I came home on time, but they weren't there, but I knew that someone was in the bed, and I happened to see presents that she had given him. And then I happened to unlock his lock drawer and found receipts. He bought her a CD stereo that me and him went shopping one night for Christmas presents, and he bought the stereo and told me it was for his son, but no, it was for his mistress. Oh, what a skank. What a skank. Now, how do you know that they were using the bed? Well, because I know how I make my bed. You know, I know that John is his name. He doesn't put stuffed animals on my bed. Only girls do that. Whoa. He played them just so right. Did you look for errant hairs? Yes. Did you find any? Of course. Oh, man. It's pretty gross. And you know what else? They left their pubies in the bed. This piece of s***. Wow. He was a poor bear at my father's funeral. Holy crap. This is just awful. And the day that my father was buried, he left me and went to her. He told me I had to go to work. Holy s***. Could I be arrested for doing this? No. No, not at all. Come on, man. What? I'm jamming with them. Eddie's getting experimental in that song and you had to ruin it at the end there. The Rock of New York 1027W&EW Pearl Jam Live from Live on Two Legs. That's daughter reciting some Neil Young lyrics in the middle of that song. He's so profound, man. He's just so hip. Keep on rocking in the free world. You might have heard that in that song. That's cool. I like it. It's better, man. All right, man. There is no cooler. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey. The FUs are just great today. Keep them coming. Jersey Girl writes, I want to send a big FU to my ex as of today, boyfriend, who I just discovered today is back with his ex girlfriend, even though we were still seeing each other. I don't think she knows about me, but he's been seeing me ever since he moved out of their house in October. And we slept together as recently as Sunday night. So if he said he was going out for cigarettes and was gone for four hours, now you know why. F you, Mike, and I hope you get those hemorrhoids back. Not a happy camper. What's up with the hemorrhoids part of that, man? What is going on there? All right. Hey, we've got a good FU on line one. OK, we'll go to that next. We want to expand a few Friday. We've decided expand it. Yeah, we want to add a new concept to the to Fridays. Oh, I see. Right. Right. What we were discussing. Yes. To maybe make people feel even better than just venting is correct. Yeah. OK. And that is Anthony. I'll let you explain it. It's a little thing called the Friday fake. Oh, yeah, baby. It's a wonderful feature. We get a lovely lady to call us up if she wants to do the fake. Oh, and she works it up, goes through a fake orgasm. Yes. On the air. Yes. Building. Yes. How do you like how do you like saying it? I like when the orgasm builds to a crescendo. Yes, there you go. I like that. The slow build, the big finish. Yes. And then the relaxing. Yes. Yeah. And you know, there's a lot of people stuck in traffic right now. And I think that would make a lot of people happy. Yes, it would. As they're stuck in traffic. And other people will be truly disgusted. Or we'll worry about you guys later. I take care of the people that will enjoy this. Of course. Just trying to make people happy on their miserable drive home. So if you're a fine young lady and you want to give the Friday fake a try today, we're just starting it today. This is something that we're going to try to work in once a week on Fridays. Give us a call. 212-757-1027. All right. Very good. And we got a great few on one, I think. Hi, who's this? Hello, this is Inga. Oh, Inga. How are you? Inga, are you a German girl? No, actually I'm a black girl. Really? Uh-huh. I love black girls. Yeah. What do you look like? Um, 5'9", 130 pounds. Wow. I got wild curly hair like a lion's mane. Ah. Wow. Honey, I'm a catacombs lady. Anyway, I want to participate in FU Friday. You know that my fantasy is to be with one black girl. One damn lousy black girl. They chew you up, you whitey. I got a wild tattoo on my back, too. I'm hot. You have a tat? I got a huge Japanese koi all over my back. Can you see it? Are you a dark, dark black girl? Oh, no. I'm like, um, catacombs, like, you know, coffee with milk. Oh, yeah. Because some black guys I see getting a lot of tats these days. Oh, no. I look great. It's like, what the hell is that? No, I look great, baby. Oh, wow. It's a Japanese koi. I like to move it around. You know, wow. You know, wait, wait, wait. My fantasy, you know, is to be with a black girl, like I just said. And it goes this far where I used to go into black clubs and try to, like, pick up a black girl. Yeah, that's going to work for Opie. You want to see all those curves, huh? Oh, and I'd go in and I would just try to work in and, like, you know, try to get the wrap down. And so many girls would laugh at me. Of course. You're like the crack-ass crack-ass cracker. Wow. But I try. I try a bunch of times. Like, man, I just want to go black one time, man. Hey, hey, homegirl. What up? What about me and you get down with it? You would have loved me. All right, let's hear you, FU. Anyway, my FU is out to this guy who's an Italian guy, 41. And, you know, we were kicking it for a while. I would give him great phone sex. Kicking it means having sex. Wait, you were having phone sex with him? Yeah. I would have phone sex. I would have real sex. Wait, let's hear your phone sex voice. Don't say anything that will get us kicked off the radio. Be a little careful. Hi. Man, I miss that night. Oh, God, I miss that night. Oh, the static. Damn static on your phone. That erected. Oh, erected. What? I tried again. OK. All right, good. Is that going to get kicked off? It's getting close. If anyone could hear it. Oh, anyway. So you're not going to participate or what? No, go. Go with the FU. OK, cool. I was kicking it with this guy. And we were having a great time. And he's older, 13 years, my senior. So I thought that was being really cool. Daddy's, whatever. And I got breast cancer. Oh, no. You just wrecked everything. Check, please. Check, please. I think this table needs to be bussed. Look at the time. We got to go. Oh, no. You know. What the heck, man? I'm hung like a damn acorn now. We understand it's tragic and all, obviously. But it kind of. Come on. I look like 10 times better than I did before. All right. I'm glad you're fighting it and stuff. We weren't expecting that. Wow, I can't let that feel. Come on. This is my FU Friday. All right, go ahead. Anyway, so I got a horrible near. He took somebody else out. Had a horrible Christmas. He took somebody else out. And it was just like this guy totally ditched me, you know, this week and every week. But I got him back, though. Yeah, how'd you get him back? Well, I called his cell phone, his work phone, his home phone. And I antagonized him to death. And then he got like he had surgery this week. So I think I got him back. Uh-oh. What did he get? He had a brain tumor. So you got radiation? Ah, you know, this is supposed to be. Wow. Hey, what the heck? Where are you guys having sex? On a toxic waste dump? Jesus. No, come on. It's good. It's a good FU Friday, man. Yeah, that's a cute little story. Now I'm dating a head. Hey, we're both like really hot people. You would never expect it. All right, well, then you got, I don't know what to say. Well, good luck to you. Good luck to you. You just killed the mood. No, come on. I used to be a model. I can do good. All right. Well, you'll have to come in and see us someday. So I can show you my new, uh. Yeah, we'll see. We'll rebuild. Yeah, we'll take out anything. All right. Well, thank you for calling in. OK, babe. All right. Bye-bye. Ah, you know, and you know who was screening the phone calls? Gary, our boss. Gary, our boss. Thanks, Gary. That was a great one. Wow. Jeez. Get her on the phone. The Rock of New York, 1027WNEW. The Black Crow is kicking my heart around from there. By Your Side CD. It's Ophi and Anthony on FU Friday. And check this out, Anthony. I see. Oh my god. Those are lovely. I got to thank Stacey for faxing in her breasts. 36 Cs, it looks like. That's what copy machines and faxes were made for. It kind of looks like two fried eggs. Because obviously she pressed them against the. Yeah, those are pushed. They look awesome, though. And it looks like there's some kind of tattoo below the breast. Looks like it might be a son or something like that. It's hard to say. But you think when Alexander Graham Bell invented the telephone, he'd ever think that the phone lines he was inventing would be used to transmit pictures of breasts. Amazing. I don't think that's what he had in mind. Anyway, Stacey writes, because we want a girl to do the Friday fake orgasm today. Now, when we first got to NEW, we were doing this feature. But management and a lot of the listeners, the older listeners, because we didn't purge the system yet. No, we tried this a little too soon. They really weren't into the Friday fake orgasm. Everyone was not into it. It almost killed me. I was listening to NEW for 23 years. And oh, my, I heard a girl moaning. And I started getting a feeling in my prostate. So we had to cancel the feature before it really got going. But we figured at this point, if we could start a Hummer Club, if we could get the FU Friday going, I think it's time to bring back the Friday fake orgasm. Yes. And according to Stacey's facts with her boobs here, she's into it too. She writes, Opinac, hey, guys, I'm alone and bored at work. And I heard you needed someone to do the Friday fake O today. You guys used to do the Friday fake O when you first got to NEW. And then you stopped. I must admit, I missed hearing it. Hearing strange girls moan on the radio was a real turn on to me. Oh, man. Then she goes on, because all right, then the boobs are in the middle of the facts. And then at the bottom, it says, if you like my 36 C's, give me a call at work. And I'll give it a try. Love you guys. Stacey. This could be her right here. All right, Rick called up the number here. Let's get her on the phone. Hello? Hi, is Stacey there? This is she. Stacey? Yeah. Do you have a nice tattoo right below your breast? Yes, I do. Stacey! Hey. It's Opi and Anthony. How are you? Good, how are you? You faxed us your breasts today. I did. And what a lovely set, 36 C's. That's right. Beautiful. And a nice little tattoo. What is that, of like a son or something? Yeah, it is. I have to get it colored, though. It's a son right below her boobs, bro. Those are pretty big. You like those? Did you press them against the Xerox machine? I sure did. Wow. Now, Stacey, we need someone to do today's Friday Fake O. Yeah? And you were brave enough in your little fax to say that you missed the Friday Fake O, so we thought that you should do it today. Right here in the office? Yeah. OK. I mean, all it has to be is like, what, 30, 40 seconds tops? Oh, tops. And you know, you have that nice build, and it builds to a crescendo. And don't leave us hanging. Every once in a while, a girl does this, and they leave us hanging. You've got to have the big finish. By the way, Stacey, what do you look like? We've got to visualize. OK, I have blonde hair. And I have like, bluish, greenish eyes. OK. You're obviously a very good looking lady. Thank you. All right. So you ready for the Friday Fake O? I guess so. All right, it's Stacey, everyone. Oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh Oh Wow, that was awesome. That's one of the best ones we've had That is that is the best one. I think and by the way, just to let you know the noise that you heard in the background This yeah, that was me feeling up your facts of your breath The Rock of New York one of two seven W. Any W. It's opi and Anthony We are having lots and lots of fun today Oh, yeah, set you Friday and we've pretty much lost control of our own radio show today, but that's okay Seems like people are enjoying it today and thanks for the kind words and faxes an email Definitely appreciate it if we've lost control at least it's in good hands. You crazy bastard Hi, any W. Hey, oh Yeah I mean by losing control the show Six-year-old my three-year-old 35 years old and I still remember it like it was yesterday And what happened I was hanging with my friend I grew up in Yonkers Taking the subway down the city and where in sixth grade coming down the stairs of subway and my friend sees The girl there really hot girl. She's standing underneath the stairs and we look down and you can see the nip completely utterly we stood there for literally Six to ten minutes staring at the girls and this is policy You know it the whole time the whole time. She kept looking up at us and laughing and everything else It was unbelievable Phenomenal by the way, I just want to say the reason why I listen to you guys You're amazing and you're the only guy on the face of the earth that was probably play on tiles by by Zeppelin anyway Yeah, that's on rocks For a long list play list and stuff like that that's your own choice. Yeah, awesome. Yeah that one is I just Sitting in my basement now listen listen to you guys I want to tell you that nip store is trying to get in touch with you The whole way home. That's great. I know the ladies out there But I'll let you guys go. I know you probably a lot to go. All right, man calling again. Thank you later I got rules There's a lot of ladies shaking their heads right now in their cars, but yeah, but guys just just love stuff like that the Sneak a peek is a lot more erotic. I think then Sometimes just seen like going it to a club and seeing a dancer Yeah, you know topless dancer if you could sneak a peek off somebody that you normally wouldn't oh Well, we were talking on the way home last night because we had Laura Cornyn earlier Yeah in the week. She did a great job for us, by the way Yes, I went to rant and raving about her appearance, but she was talking about the number one fetishes for men and women Yeah, she got the man fetish all wrong. What was the woman fetish again woman fetish was smell? Oh, yeah Yeah smells away guys. Okay, and the number one fetish for guys. She said is feet No girls in like open-toed shoes high-heeled open-toed not that that's and it doesn't work for me and Anthony No, I think the number one fetish for guys is voyeurism. It's got to be voyeurism to some point I'm not talking about well this man through your neighbor's yard and looking through the window Yeah, no, that's not what we're getting out. But there's just many forms of it Yeah, but something like that story where all sudden you're copying a peek That's that's just drives a man How cool was it like when when you'd be in the pool and a girl would dive in and come up and her top was kind Of down, you know, and she quickly pulled it back and you just go like oh, I Got a peek. Yeah, you know, you would love that. Yeah exactly We're really getting perverted these days I know because we just don't care anymore. I don't even understand We don't care. Yeah. Well, we found out this week that there's just a guy. I don't know listening to our show every day Trying to decide what to do with us. Yeah, and it has hit the internet that he's taking a look at Opie and Anthony Yeah So taking a look into Opie and Anthony into so somewhere and colon scope Somewhere there's a guy Probably with a big pad and a pen in a suit probably Yeah listening to our entire show and he's gonna decide our fate according to the internet He's taking a look at Opie and Anthony read it on the internet. It's got to be true I got to be true. Everything is true on the internet With that, I guess we have entered the I don't care stage. I Love freedom Boyfriend We got into a fight right we're at a party we got into a fight he's driving me home It's like 12 30 in the morning, you know, it does From a moving car. He put it he opens the door pushes me out of the car And there's like a killer around here right that's like killing girls like near the highway Five years How fast was he going I went like face first out of the car I would have been going 70 It wasn't funny and so he came over the next day Yeah, and he wants like make up with me, right? I'm like no way and so he tells me that he pushed me out cuz he wants to teach me a lesson I Told him like a few I'm messing someone else and he's a lot harder than he is. All right. Well, take care yourself We're gonna put you on the air definitely, okay. All right. All right. I'll hold on Yeah, you hold you hold you're on the air These people they don't understand the delay open. That's okay Gary in Farmingdale gotta say hi to him. Yeah, he said that was definitely the best fake Oh, he's ever heard. That was amazing. Keep it up He got a headache yesterday laughing so hard at Lewis black. I'm Lewis black on cool and He just wants to bring up that the Sony PlayStation Commercial for battle tanks with snuggles the teddy bear running on fire with the missing arm cracks him up every time Later guys You haven't seen the one for battle. No, I have it starts off at like a snuggles commercial, you know that snuggles the bear It's so cozy and he's like on top of the washing machine on some soft towel and it snuggles Yeah, and he looks out the window and there's this big battle tank coming at him and it starts firing at him He's running through a field at one point. His arm is missing and the other ones on fire He's waving it trying to put it out in a tank is just shooting at him. It's hysterical. It kills me, too I understand what you mean, Gary. Those commercials are the best. Yeah, really they come up with some really good ones Hey, we're gonna see a Doritos chick commercial Sunday All the big Super Bowl commercials all the DJs got to be talking about that Oh, but she is doing a spot this year. That was the best commercial last year Super Bowl She's hot the lady in the laundromat. Mm-hmm Doritos. What she used to be wide miss USA or something like that. Allie Landry she is doing a spot. I can't wait to see that this Sunday Nice looking lady and real fast as we talk about the Super Bowl. We got to congratulate once again Tom Pick Seattle, I believe is his name from Bayshore. We are going to his house Anthony and Opie Yes with a 53 inch Sony projection screen TV and we are gonna hang out with Tom and his pals and watch the Super Bowl and what did Ben load in in the back of your truck lots and lots of soda pop more than just soda pop Is it better big? This is gonna be a party. It's gonna be a heck of a party tons of food tons of brew We need lots of soda I need soda Because poopsie doesn't let me drink there better be beer in there. There is beer Yeah, plenty of beer I made sure that and we talked to Tom earlier and he's note His reaction was when we said that we're coming to his house with the big TV and what he goes My wife is gonna kill me. Oh, yeah So Ben you uh you put that in the back of Opie's truck Opie's truck is filled you feel crazy You went into the the back door. Yes Ben the fag knows how to use he looked he loaded up the back door Guys love this my fan club And that will be Earl and I at the Nets game in about an hour or whatever All right Horass Earl and I will be in the NW van with tons of stuff to give away All right the metal ends so as Earl gets finished spots Okay up up say hi to Ben the fag and black girl black girl making them famous on a radio show very good At least somebody gets famous over this job Did you see Prince Charles on the news last night yeah and out with Camilla the pig Parker yeah It was unbelievable they leave this restaurant they had informed the press that there they were gonna be at this restaurant So you could take pictures finally they were gonna get pictures if you saw this on the news it looked like a strobe light Was going off correct so many flashes Catching pictures it had to be ten thousand pictures yeah being taken and what happens to us when we leave the NW studios Anthony an occasional homeless guy throws a penny at our head You can hear the crickets Thank you, please the crowd stay away, please One at a time One oh two seven WNEW the rock of New York from my own prison the debut city from Creed Yeah A little Jimi Hendrix ending there rock that's a song called one by Creed It's open Anthony a few Friday going quite well today You finally are you guys are finally are getting the concept of a few Friday a lot of people pretty pissed off today This is good. They were able to vent this is how it's gonna work from now on Monday through Thursday, we love the audience participation mm-hmm every day of the week But Monday through Thursday, you know we'll do our regular show And you know when you could jump in you jump in but Fridays pretty much We're just gonna hand over the radio station to you guys Yeah, we've talked about a lot of pretty wacky stuff today because that's what you guys came up with yeah You never know what you're gonna hear when you go to the phones, you know Great, so we're having a lot of fun with that and thank you guys. Thank you See we're actually starting to be nice to our listeners Now we know we have something Yeah, we always used to get in trouble for just unloading On people on the phone you can't be that mean to the people that call you well, they're calling us, you know assholes Yeah, just please don't call them the c-word Remember that one we got dragged into the office one day and did one of you two call a woman that called up? The c-word the word but you know didn't say the c-word and then Anthony and I are looking at each other We're pretty good at that at fessing up. Yeah, the boss is you know Confront us with something really. Yeah, we have no problem in it But this time we're like who it was too early in the game We're like well and then the boss looks right at me and he goes I have a feeling it was Opie Yeah Opie seems to be the mean one that has a lot of stress and and anger in his in his body And then I got pissed I go. All right. No, that was Anthony that time I said well, you didn't even have to say that cuz at that point I said well No, it may have been me So it was a little bit angry that day. Wait a minute. Come on Yeah, I tend to be the one that Goes nuts, but yeah, but that time it was Anthony But our oops our bosses just didn't get in the beginning. No, because we'd have people just every day Screaming at us. It wasn't a lot of fun around here six months ago screaming at us And what are we supposed to do sit there and go thanks for calling sir, thank you. Thank you. I'm sure your opinion is Wonderful and we will take it and no so we like shut up you Yeah, you got a fight back. Yeah, but it's nice now being able to take calls and actually have people participate on the show It's fun. Well, we just feel like we we're starting to build like a nice little audience. Yeah And it gives us confidence to to go on. Thank you people. Don't get weepy on us Actually, we don't give a damn Hi, any W. Hey, this is Opie or Anthony. Oh, yeah. What's up? How you doing? I want to tell you I heard Howard this morning and they were talking about you guys Unfortunately, right they said they they're talking about you guys are talking about yesterday when was it Opie got beat up for saying nigger Yeah. Yeah. Well the story goes. Yeah when I was young I was I heard it yesterday morning. I heard it on Howard. Yeah Big black if that suck in mother You asshole We need the help around here and a big black to call Howard with a cute little story That's gonna make everyone laugh at least, you know tell her I know I know I know I know Alright man humorous anecdote Yeah, we we don't need any help right no no no no no, please please Don Stern a Mention would be nice. You hold all of your listeners in your pocket like so many nickels and dimes You must let us all drink from the well Don Stern if somebody uses a story that was on our show, please Say our names Don Stern I don't know what he's talking about Robin Big black calls up and Oh He tells a story about something like a black guy or something I Don't know where I heard it Robin. What do you think Jackie? You know, you're Too much fun Hey, everyone is requesting Steven Lynch songs Yeah, people love Steven man. Oh, yeah, cuz he's so honest. Yeah, he's honest like us He's another guy that just doesn't care man. Say now pay later. Exactly You know, I realized that too yeah one day after having sung that song the priest song the gerbil song all in a row issues There okay deal with deal with those I guess Can't wait to get him in for a batch of new socks man. All right Yeah, good at time. I will get out of here. Yeah We've got to leave early today guys. Sorry, we like going late and we'll start going late again next week But yeah, we gotta leave it's Friday. It's time to time to go. Yes. I guess this ends your W&W broadcast day No, no, okay. There's plenty more Music Sure to come. Yes, okay What I thought we were one of those stations when it got dark it been off the air that song No, no We'll be back Monday Monday to tell you all about our little party that we're going to that Sunday at Tom's house in Bayshore Yeah, we're looking forward to that. We really are. Yeah