 Hopi and Anthemade. One is the seven moon. W-N-E-W. I got the peace on my mind. Love the killing soul. I got the ration now. Love the New York comp. I got the patience. Oh, but I'm being blinded. Just like I do. I'm not in the family. Just like I do. I'm not. I got the action now. No more season rolls. I got the life you're saying. You're my billionth goal. I got the world down my back. But I don't seem to care. I got the confidence. All of the world's gone away. I got the power, I got the power. All of the world's gone away. Just like I do. I'm not in the family. Just like I do. Just like I do. I'm not in the family. I'm not in the family. Just like I do. Just like I do. Just like I do. Just like I do. Lay down on my back. I can't please cause I'm falling. I just perceive. I can't see cause I'm eating. It's both a feeling. I can't make cause it's crushing. When you're fucking. I can't please cause it's coming. It's just a feeling. I can't see cause it's coming. It's just a feeling. It's just a feeling. It's just a feeling. Just like I do. Just like I do. Just like I do. I can't feel cause I can't feel cause I can't feel. I'm not in the family. Just like I do. It's just a feeling. I can't see cause it's coming. It's just a feeling. It's just a feeling. It's just a feeling. It's just a feeling. It's just a feeling. Let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain, let it rain. Let it rain. Okay. Thanks � Ta21. I have done this already. You didn't talk enough about Butter. You know that, right? Oh my God! I did. This makes you more the greatest demon of all time! No, I'm not the greatest demon. He's the greatest demon. Oh my god, I'm getting titillated. Opie and Anthony. This is stupid, somebody's got to get laid. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! Hey man. Well the guys from Filter made it. Yes we did. We've got Richard Patrick in the studio, lead singer extraordinaire and Gino, right? Yep. The guitarist. Yes. How you guys doing? We're going to move over here, I'll be second look at you. What's up buddy? What's up? How are you doing? Hey don't do that, spaz will get all mad at you. Looking at Opie. Look, story, you guys play in the Hammerstein ballroom. Yes we are. And we want to thank you guys for coming on our show. This is the first band we've had on since going all talk on our radio show but we're still like rock and roll guys. Alright. And we still spin the tunes, we just played the one with Crystal Meth, Tripp like we do, like I do, excuse me. And we're going to play a couple from the new album as well. Yeah for some reason the record company guys sometimes they feel a little leery about bands coming on our show because we don't play music. Which is stupid because you can sit here and talk and get the point across. Yeah we talk. Yeah see, we guys talk, perfect English. We speak English. Thank God. Well let's back up because Hey Man Nice Shot. We used to play that a lot at another station we used to work at and we've played it here a bunch. Is that song really about Bud Dwyer? Loosely. Anyone who really killed themselves thought it was going to help the world. I mean you know there's references kind of to the situation. You obviously saw the video like we all did. I got a copy of the raw footage. Oh yeah. It's on cut, big, long and it's from the side where you just watch the blood pour out of his nose. I can't even watch that. And you want to give the story really fast, just get everyone on the same page? He was a state treasurer that held a press conference and he was basically, they were going to throw him away in jail forever for like unpeasling hundreds of millions of dollars or something. And he just said no way, I'm not going to do it, I'm not going to go. And before he was going to be sentenced he held a press conference and then he pulled out a .45 caliber revolver, stuck it in his mouth. He goes, first he goes, stop, get back, this might hurt someone. And then he was going to say something and someone rushed him and he just blew his head. I wonder how the guy that rushes him feels. Maybe he wasn't going to do it. I don't know, we get those clips all the time sent to us and stuff. You get like people send you gross clips on the internet and I can't watch that. Oh, excuse me Al. I got that other video of, let's see, what was that, a band from TV. That's some of that stuff on TV. The woman with the train. Oh yeah, she got sent by the train and just goes spinning into the camera. It knocks the camera down. Like a chunk of her body hits the tripod. She was liquefied and you can look back, if you put it in slow-mo, like really slow, you can see the teeth flying under her mouth. Oh my God! I can't stand getting clips like that. Oh, Smut, Porno, oh send it on, I love that. I love the sex stuff. Porno's good. Yeah, that never gets old. How long have you had a computer? And still like, I've had computers since my Commodore 64 and it's still like, oh, porno. It perks you right up. Yeah, bcaity.com is just hours of good clean fun. You just can't get enough. If you're surfing and you're looking for some information that you need and then you find it, you go right back to Smut. What scares me is that he slowed down the tape to see the teeth floating out of the mouth. No one else caught that? I'm researching a song, Opi. Oh my God! No, you know, it's funny, we were in some hotel in Europe, we were on tour and they had a computer in Rich's room. He had this suite and he's like, oh man, I can't get on or whatever. So I finally got online and then they have like your 10, the guy who's had the room prior, the 10, like, you know, his favorite hit list as far as like, you know, and it's all porno. It was all porno. All porno websites. It's got to clear your history. I don't want to sleep in this bed. Yeah, right? Yeah, you need that infrared light imaging thing to do it. Yeah, the light. We actually went over our office with that light because we found out that one of the people that work here was having sex in our office and everything was contaminated. We had cops come in and like cordon off the area, get the lights, chemicals, and they're like, oh yeah, there's semen on the mouse to the computer, there's semen on the couch, on the desk, on our phones, on the keyboard. You could have cloned an army out of what they found in the frigate in the office. It was disgusting. So yeah, God knows what's in the hotel rooms and stuff. You wouldn't even want to ****. I just pray to God that they do a good job. I'm going to the store to get hefty bags and laying them over my mattress this evening. And you got to know they don't clean that top blanket. So you're right. You guys spend a lot of time in hotels. That's the first thing to go. First thing that goes, you get rid of the top blanket. That's disgusting. Getting back to the Bud Dwyer video, my buddy worked in TV and there was a rap video going around to that footage. Oh yeah, someone put some kind of background to it. Did you see that? No, I didn't see that. I saw someone made a video out of Ministries, the Land Rape and Honey, where he starts laughing. You know that song? Which one? Ministries, the Land Rape and Honey. You know who you are? Yeah, you know who you are. You know what you are. Yeah, you know what you are. I was brutal. I just kept doing it over and over again. That's with the Bud Dwyer with the rap beats and his hair going back and forth. Every time they pulled the record back for a scratch it was like, oh man, disgusting. It's pretty brutal. It's kind of like a water balloon hitting a wall. Not into it. We have a lot of people that want to talk to you. 2127571027, we're hanging out with Filter. We've got Richard and Gino from the band. Let's go to the phones here and talk to Dan real fast. Dan, what's up? What's up, how are you doing? Great. How are you doing? Let's just say everyone is fine. Everyone is great. Regardless of names. Alright. We're all changing names today. We have Richard and Gino. I'm Fred. Dan. Richard, sorry. Oh, you called him Rob. That's what he thought you were Rob. Richard Rob. Oh yeah. No, you're confusing me with my brother, the actor. Yeah, that's something. Right. I just found that out. One of the Sopranos. He's a Soprano or was Danny on the Sopranos. And he was in T2. T2, thank you. He intimidated Copland. T2. Copland. That was like the... Fire in the Sky. He's got a new movie coming out with Matt Damon called All the Pretty Horses. We did look like him. Billy Bob Thornton is in it. Really? Yeah. Did we get confused for him? No. No? Not at all. No. In the eyes, you kind of look like him. In the eyes a little bit. Look at that. Yeah. That's pretty scary, man. That was pretty scary. That's pretty good. That's cool though that both of you have a really good career going for yourselves. Yeah. It's really sweet. You could have the bitter brother thing where one is maybe doing the number one afternoon show in New York and the other one's knocking tin. That's a bitter, bitter scene. He's actually that competitive. Is he really? He's like, I think my brother's getting bigger than me. He's all pissed off. I think Richie's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I think he's going platinum. I was on an airplane and I just got drunk or in the altitude. That's what does it. Not the shot. I just was taking my clothes off, man. I was just taking my clothes off. Really? Yeah. They were going to arrest me. I just had like $700 for some reason in my wallet. I don't know why I would have that much money anyways, but I had like $700. I'm like, please don't arrest me. You gave them money? Yeah. You gave the stewardess money. The last time I got crazy on a plane, we landed in Hawaii and they said, dude, get off the plane. I walked out and there's cops. They're the Hawaiian cops. I'm like, oh my God. Gano. They just went right through customs. Everyone else had to wait two hours. We got right through customs. They just pushed us right out into the streets. I was so mad because I was sitting there waiting in line. I'm like, wait a second. These guys get a personal SB. They just get through customs. Right. Then they're out there on the curb smoking. Hey! Hey! I'm with Patrick, the tour manager. He's tripping. He's just like, I'm quitting. I'm never doing this again. I can't take this. An English road manager. Do you have a problem like flying? No, I just, I don't need it. It's the free drinks in business class. That's the problem. That's the brow lung. That's the kicker right there. And the other guy that was getting drunk with me, he was coming up because he had coach. He was part of the crew. The crew doesn't fly business usually. He comes up and he's like, Rich, get me a cognac. I'm like, can I have an order of what was that? Going over the curb. What did you want? Okay, can I get a couple of beers? He snuck up there too and stole a bottle. The whole bottle of whatever it was. Then he ran in the back and gave it to our bass player. He threw it in his chair and the lady came up and, do you have a bottle of liquor? That's ballsy going through that curtain. That's a ballsy move. He was cool though. And the funny thing was the cops were totally cool. They were just like, dude, you just had too good a time and we're just here to make sure you go home. They were so cool. Even the stewardess, they were like, it was just funny. Wow, good way to get through customs. They weren't laughing at Frank though. Frank, there was the Toronto rugby team was sitting right in front of us. And Frank was like picking fights with them. Oh, a rugby team. That's smart. Exactly. It's like, Frank, Frank, you can stop. My brother's a T-1000. Shut up. Tom, what's going on? We're hanging out with Filter today. Hey guys, what's going on? Hey, what's up, Tom? Hey, listen, I want to ask Richard. Take a picture. The lyric where he says, hey dad, what do you think about your son now? It seems like really heartfelt. Did your dad have a problem with you going into music? No, it's just basically it's like the double edged sword. Like, hey dad, I'm in jail. Can you come and get me out? All right. Or, hey dad, I'm standing in front of 10,000 people tonight. What do you think of that? So it's just basically I really love my father. And I just want to always have his pride. I want him to be very proud of me. And no, it's very heartfelt. And actually, it's been really kind of tough. He just got through prostate cancer. Whoa. So the other night, he came to the show. He's playing golf again. He's fine. It's all gone. The cancer's gone and everything. And he was on stage. And I just looked over and I just was like, oh my God, this is so cool. My dad survived cancer. And here he is. And what do you think? And I just totally lost it. Wow. Wow. Look at that. It's very meaningful. I mean, you know, the key to lyrics and getting people to kind of relate to it is just being honest and write what you know. And at that particular time in my life, I guess I just, hey dad, what do you think? Cool. Isn't that pretty cool? Like to be able to get that deep into something where you're creative to write songs like that. I'm such a shallow son of a bitch. I couldn't write a nursery rhyme. You write things and you really have to dig into it to see what it means. If I ever try to sit down, it's like, oh God, is that contrived and stupid. That's true talent. I do that most of the time. Really? Do you write something down and just go, oh, is that lame? There's probably a hit he's thrown away. My crap is Backstreet Boys, you know, forget it. You can trash the Backstreet Boys. We don't mind. Keith, what's going on? We're a little tired of that whole situation going on with music. It's nice to have a breath of fresh air, listen to you guys and stuff. I mean, for the love of God, Christina Aguilera and Britney Spears and the boy bands, he's just like every station pumping his dribble out. Even his sting last night with the Backstreet Boys. What's he done? That was a little tough to swallow, man. What are you doing? I hope he has fun cash in that check. I hope it bleeds. And then he was talking about how they're good singers. Yeah. He was walking out of the interview. Yeah. I was like, oh man. Let's see where they are. I used to love the police. Yeah. We were all talking about that earlier. I mean, what happened to that badass thing that was like right between Ghosts of the Machine and Synchronicity? Yeah. Who had the sharpest wit. The guy was just. Yeah. He was ****. Who's that? Now he's kissing Backstreet Boy ass. Mom. Mom. Mom. We want that police reunion tour. It ain't going to happen. No, it's not going to happen. They couldn't even play at his wedding. Yeah, I know. They couldn't even get together enough to play at a wedding. Yeah, they got him up there for Sting's wedding. And they were fighting. And Sting turns around and starts screaming at Stuart again. Yeah. They're saying, you're rushing it again. You're rushing it. Oh my God. No way. Yeah, it's true. It's a true story. Yeah. God, that's funny. You don't watch the music, Richard? I see so much of myself in all these bands. It's like every band is the same terrible story. It's always a on-the-phone drug. It's got to be a nightmare to think, oh my God. You know, someday. The money was gone. And then. There's always the manager who ran off with the horror when they found out that all their money was invested in widgets by their manager. Oh no, not the widget. We have nothing. The long deserted road has to come up. They show that road. Yeah, yeah. The road is usually for a car accident. That usually happens. They show that. Or they show the other parents. That's always a big thing. Billy Joel lost his money. That was another one. Billy Joel was broke. Billy Joel was. His manager stole it. And this is after hit album after hit album and he turns out broke. You guys got people watching that, right? Oh, totally. I don't know how it happens. What about my CPA? I'm a public accountant. All he does is worry about my brother's money. Good. Very good. And the band's money. And how little they can make. Did I say that? Did I say that? Are you guys finally seeing something? Because I know usually the first album you get like tooled on and then. Are you guys seeing something? Yeah, we moved up from Motel 6 to Holiday Inn. It's a Holiday Inn Express. But it's good. It's good. The towels are clean. That sucks. At least you're. How long? We're doing fine. Obviously you must have been playing and writing since you were young kids and stuff. Moving your own equipment and stuff like that. We've been through it. We've been through it. Now we should get our just desserts. Let's go to Scotty. Scotty, what's up? Hey, what's going on, Ode? We got Richard and Gino from Filter in the studio. Hey, how you doing? Good, man. Hey, I haven't gotten a chance to see you guys live. One question for you. Sure. What's the, Gino, you rely on the Fender side of the house or what? On the what? You a Fender man or a Gibson man? This is a Fender versus Gibson question. The eternal Fender versus Gibson. Actually I play guitars from Sears. No, I don't. No, no, no. No, seriously, we all play Fender Custom Shops. We're really lucky that they came up to us many years ago and were interested in endorsing us. Now it's really amazing. I mean, we can call them up and say we want an ash body, maple neck, rosette. You're going to get jealous that I'm getting a red, white and blue American Telecaster, American flag. We're like two brothers. My Doc Holliday Telecaster, which is essentially, you know, it's like this black one with a pro player. He's like, oh man, I want, now I got to get three of those. Give me five of those. You guys must have creamed when Fender came up to you though. It's like, hey, that's like a musician's dream come true. Well, he's like, how long would you like your neck? What kind of pickup would you like? What kind of wood would you like for the body? Would you like it in this? What color paint would you like? Would you like bird's eye maple, flame maple? I mean, it's just. That's a wet dream right there. Yeah. I mean, Gibson makes a good guitar, but we play Epiphone acoustics, but Fender definitely for the electrics. Could you put in the burn marks on the head so it looks like we're smoking and sticking the cigarettes in there? You know what's scary is they do that. No, no, they have a vintage thing. You can order like these vintage guitars that like, they like, I don't know, they sandblast them or something and make it look. Put a hole in the pickguard. Like you're some road warrior who's been gigging since, you know, 1968. Yeah, same guitar. Yeah, I got the same axe. Hey Richard, what's going on? Anthony, Anthony? Yeah, what's up? What do you got for the filter? Hey, hey. Yo, Richard, I just want to ask you a question, man. What made you decide to leave Nine Inch Nails? Pretty much boredom. Really? Yeah, I didn't do anything. I was going to say guitar. I swear to God, there wasn't even any guitar parts, dude. Wait, I used to stand on stage and wait for like. Are you kidding me? Yeah, the song Sin, I did nothing. The song Sin, I waited. What about Wish, dude? Wish, I played pretty much constantly. But no, Chance is a good guy, but it's, you know, I was just boredom. And I wasn't singing, I wasn't doing anything, I wasn't making any money. Well, you kicked ass now, man, totally. Oh, well thanks, bro. You know, another ballsy move. You might just want to stick with that because it is Nine Inch Nails and then you go off with your own gig and could end up being the other guy from Wham if you're not. That's true. Oh, I miss those Wham days. Check this out, I'm like out charting his new record. I'm like doing better than him. Hell yeah. I don't understand that and it feels weird. You don't understand that, title of record is an amazing piece of work. I crank that damn thing in the subway all the time. Welcome to the fold, I mean the loud stuff is the best. To yourself, though. Huh? To yourself and your headphones. What do you mean? You crank it. Well, I scream out the lyrics so people run away from me. Yeah, people stay away from you. It keeps the bums away if you're screaming like that. I love the honesty though, I didn't do anything on stage. I mean, I would get, I sat there and waited and then I'd get tackled, tackled. Right. And then I, and it would be every night, you know, okay, you're a couple, you know. And then, you know, it's just boredom. Julie's got to say you're an amazing Elsa. Yeah. You know. It works both ways, I don't know, it's good and bad but you know. Did you still talk to Trenton, the guys? We ended on a really bad note at night, you know, we never talked and then finally we're just like, dude, look, you know, it's a big world, we're both making it, you know, so we did make up after a while and we hung out. We went to a... You should have them open for you. Ooh, ooh! Back to the police sound effect. That would be a great show though man. Alright, I think we're running out of time. I know, it's getting so late. We shouldn't end on that note. No. Do we have another caller? Yeah, we have tons of them. Let me pick out a good one here. Actually, they're all a little technical. Hello? Matt, what's up? Yo, what's up man? I just wanted to find out, I'm a breakbeat DJ in the city, I just came back from Miami. I just played your remix track by Freak Nasty, the Take a Picture. I just want to tell you guys, the crowd went off the hook. That is one of the unbelievable... I don't know if you... Have you heard the remix yet by Freak Nasty? Yeah. Yeah, I'll take a picture of it. Yeah, yes, yes. It's on, it's on. F-111 Records, it's one of the most amazing breakbeat remixes I've ever had. I just wanted to know if you guys are putting out any other tracks with Freak Nasty or Renny Pilgrim, anything like that? There's a bunch of remixes of Best Things that are coming out. Yeah, there's a ton of... It's more transient though, it's more like Transy, I guess. Because I have Welcome to the Fold 2, that's another slamming track, that's unbelievable. Yeah, that was not like... That remix was hysterical, it's an old Alesis HR-16 drum machine that I used to have... Oh my God. That I used to have when I was like 14, back in 87, 89 or something like that. And yeah, it was just so bad, I loved it. It was just a terrible remix, but it sounded awesome. Oh, the sound, right now, that's what the sound's all about right now, with the clubs down there. But that, take a picture, I just have to say, people everywhere, whenever I lay it down, I'd be playing a trans set, it is just, people hear that and they're like, what the f***? Oh, I'm sorry. Just thought about that. Nice. But I was just like, talk the hook, I just wanted to... Yeah, we had a dumb... Yeah, we had to dump that. Yeah, sorry about that. They say, what the f***? What the f***? When you play that. Well yeah, it's an incredible record, I just wanted to give you guys some respect and say thanks for that, print out some excellent records, man. Oh man, cool rock. Thanks a lot. That makes it all worth it, bro. Thanks for putting me through, I appreciate talking to you guys. Okay, take it easy. Take care, guys. All right, bye-bye. Do you have any real jobs in your day? I worked at a butcher shop. Yeah. I worked as a painter. Yeah, we've all done the painting. Painting in the summertime. I think I waited tables at every Italian restaurant in Chicago. Really? Yes. Hey, case to taste, though, eh? Let me tell you the specials for tonight. I'll be your server. I'll be your server. All right, well we want to thank you guys for stopping by. Richard and Gino from Filter. Thanks a lot. All right. Hey, what's up? This is Gino. And this is Richard. And we're from the band Filter. And you're listening to our friends Opie and Anthony on 1027 WNEW. A gigantic moon box is coming down the streets. Hand me the RPG7. Opie and Anthony, 1027 WNEW.