 The Opie and Anthony Show. Throne man jumping all over each other. Okay, terrific. 1027 WNEW. It's the O&A Show. Hey, thanks for joining us. Our phone line, 212-757-1027. Bunch of people checking in, saying that Spike is on People's Court. Yeah, we see. We see. We can't put the audio on the radio or anything, but it's pretty damn entertaining. We're checking it out during the commercials. Yeah, she's bitching about something. Wonder if she's going to plug her website or her email at the end of it. Anyway, ooh, Godsmack, Anthony. I hear that. You know, they're in the studio this week, finishing up recording the follow-up to their self-titled debut CD, Anthony. It sounds like a commercial. Well, it's about time, though. I'm looking forward to hearing the new Godsmack. The album's not going to be out for a while. They're not going to mix it until June. So later on this year, you'll hear some new Godsmack. Yeah, of course. The boys hitting the road with the OzFest this summer. So there you go, okay? All right. Oh, my God, look at this. I got new technology in front of me, Opie. The days of my laptop are over, it looks like. I see that. They got like a new computer for me over here. Remember when we first got here? Actually, it was like pulling teeth to get a line so I could plug my laptop in over here. They're like, why would you need that? Yeah, why do you? The other jocks that have been in N.E.W. for a hundred years, they don't need a computer, is that what it's called? Yeah, a computer. And now, look at this. All of a sudden, I'm hooked up with a Pentium 3 600. I think you could land airplanes with that setup. I think you're right. I got a brand new flat screen display, full keyboard down at the laptop thing. I see that. I'm scared because I'm convinced you could play Soldier of Fortune. That's a problem now because all I could do during the day on my laptop here during the show was trade. Trade and read the instant feedback. Now I can play my games as the show is going on and completely pay no attention to the program. Little scary, Anthony. It is quite frightening. It's kind of nice when you become number one in New York. We did? Yeah. I didn't notice. I was trading. Have you been doing a show here between the two and seven or something? I thought we just came in here to day trade. I think they're evening out the playing field. I got the huge massive desk and now you got the killer setup over there. I am hooked up. I'm trading for other people now. They're just like calling me with orders and I'm placing them. Any flight delays today, Anthony? Let me see. No, none at LaGuardia. Kennedy looks good but check with your carrier. You want to book a flight? I'm right here. We've got to take a picture of this. It's hilarious. It just doesn't look right to have you sitting in front of all that stuff. I got everything and then I got my sound thing over here. I got the phone call computer here. I got my computer over here. I'm surrounded by a lot of stuff. Look at that, Opie. The cold front is moving in from the Gulf. Can you book vacations through that? I already did it. We're going to Vegas to see DICE next week. The only thing that sucks is that there are no favorites listed in here. I've got to remember what all my favorite sites were and go to them. This is also the computer that's going to be shared by everyone. I used to take my laptop out of here when our show was over and that was it. Now, God knows what's going to be on this thing. We watched the sexual harassment video. So now what am I supposed to do? Erase all the porno that I get on this on any given day? My God, that could take hours. You better erase it. You might offend Ron and Fez or something. I can't see you offending Ron and Fez. Maybe the chick. The chick's going to be using this. If all of a sudden the chick comes in and starts plowing through some files and all of a sudden something I downloaded pops up there. That's a fair question. You want to ask her real fast? I've got to know if she's going to be offended by anything because it does seem to be more a guy and woman thing, this whole sexual harassment thing. The Ron and Fez thing, I don't know what the hell they're going to be popping on this. I quite frankly am afraid. I'm thankful that Ron sits here and Fez is over on the other side, not by this computer because I'm just frightened to know what he would put on this thing. Oh my God, tell her we need her right now though. She's in the room recording something. She works on her radio show. Yeah, they actually do things after their show. Oh my God. Before the show. That is so weird, really? What a concept. You sure she isn't playing Soldier of Fortune? That's what I do. You sure she's not drinking Budweiser in her office? Drinking beer in the office with everyone else? Listening to Psycho Mark, trying to figure out where he's going to smoke his next bone? They actually work on the show after the show. That's interesting. Work on the show after the show. Very interesting idea. We work on the show between 3 and 7. Yeah. And we've had it. Alright, we've got to find out if she's going to be cool with this because you guys are sharing the same computer. Yeah. And it's public. We're trying to be a little more sensitive as far as the sexual harassment stuff goes after seeing that fine video that they put together. Now wait a minute, based on the video, I can tell you that I probably can't look up smart on this thing because it is a company computer now. Like my own computer was fine. Oh, it's a shared computer. Yeah, remember the episode in the sexual harassment video with the public printer, community printer, a guy printed out a bunch of Viagra jokes, and the woman came over to the printer as it was printing out. That was no woman. Janet Reno walked over to the printer and started picking up the pages, and she's reading them. Like if you go over to the printer and you pick up something and it's not what you printed out, are you going to read through it? No, of course not. No. Twat. Put it down. It's not yours. It's not yours. I don't look at your goddamn printouts on your hot flashes from your menopause, you beast. So don't look at my smart jokes that I'm printing out. Filthy animal. You need some banana juice. Banana juice. I'm printing something out over here now. I'm over here now. I'm over here. I got some banana juice for you. You say what? Over here. Right. So that opens up a whole new can of worms. You know, while we wait for the chick to get in here, take your time, chick. It's not like we're doing a radio show or anything. Thank you. You know the pressure of killing time live on the air. No problem. Killing time. We'll make it work. But that whole dice thing yesterday? Yeah. Man, that was huger than huge. The best email we got about it, and we got, I don't know, probably close to a thousand people had something to say about the J. Moore dice thing from yesterday. Yeah, very funny. You got to tell them the one you read, Anthony. Guy was writing in from his house. He had listened to us on the way home, pulled into his garage, and couldn't shut the car up. He didn't want to shut it up because even the second that you shut your car off and the radio comes back on, he didn't want to miss something. So he left the car running. Well, and a lot of people said that yesterday. I couldn't get out of my car. I had to go into a deli. I didn't go into the house for dinner or whatever. I drove around the neighborhood an extra half hour just to hear it. So that was normal, but this guy took it a little too far. This guy almost killed his family. He almost caused the death of an entire family. With the dice J. Moore bit you. Yeah, he's in his garage with his car running. Finally, his wife, like all beat-eyed, big red bloodshot eyes, comes staggering into the garage and yelling at him, shut the car up. You're killing us. Almost toyed like he killed his whole family. Carbon monoxide poisoning. Yeah, she ran out and said, hey, man, the carbon monoxide is leaking into the house now. What are you doing to us? Now, that would have been good. And then, yeah, Lisa in sales from upstairs, she said she rear-ended a Dodge Durango in Jersey. All right, well, where's the chicken? It was a rental car, so it's even better. Tell the chicken it's been two minutes and we're filling best we can, but we want to get this... No car takes a hit as good as a rental car. You could read all the stats. Rent a car takes more abuse than anything. Right. Remember that one I rented out in California? I rented the convertible Mustang. I saw that and for WrestleMania. I don't think the gas pedal was off the floor for more than like five minutes the whole weekend. Like anytime I took off from a light, it's a rental. Who cares? You know? Yeah. Because who cares? Convertible sound. I'm like seeing dips in the road. All four tires off the ground. Who cares? A rental. Well, well, we're waiting. All right. Let's take a quick break. We'll get the radio chick in here. We'll solve the problem with this computer you and her will be sharing. And also we're going to talk about the post article next. Yeah. It seems like they wrote a little article about Ann Nye and everyone on the show and it was really interesting and we'll have our comments. And the Southern boss called us about the article. And this guy now won't leave us alone. I think it's like I would hazard to say I think he's almost amused by the whole thing now. Yeah. Now he just calls us every day because he knows we're going to mock him. Yes. Yeah. Because everyone wants to be famous. Let's face it. You know, I want airtime. Yeah. He's getting this airtime. We've spent all morning. So it's pretty funny. The stuff he was he's the new Earl. It's pretty funny. The stuff he was saying to us before the show today. I guess Ann and I have to work on our image if we're going to be in the public eye is what the gist of what I got out of the conversation. We're not upholding the corporate image or something. Is anybody ever happy with anything? Yeah. So we'll get into that next. Okay. Quick break. We'll be back. Fuck your butt. Fuck your butt. Fuck your butt. Opie and Anthony. More stupidity is on the way. 1027, trouble view. Anthony, Rockaway bedding. Yes. I like that. I like that. Anthony, Rockaway bedding. Yes. I love Rockaway bedding. You will too. You need a bed? 130 stores throughout New York, New Jersey. Brand name mattresses. See at least service during the foster. Prices up to 65%. The department's so regular prices. Why do you want to go to the department store? Try to pick out a mattress or the sales guy that doesn't care. He's like in there temporarily. He was in pots and pans yesterday. Now he's selling you a mattress. He don't know beds. He doesn't know beds. He was in hardware. He was trying to sell you a ratchet. That's right. I'll wrap your head in with a ratchet. That's right. Rockaway bedding. More better. Yes. Rockaway bedding. More better. It's more gooderer. It's more gooderer. Than going to a department store where they're not as gooderer. Than Rockaway bedding. I need a boxin' of donuts. Boxin'. Sorry. A boxin' spring for my mattress. Yes, they're experts. That's all they do, mattresses and bedding. There you go. You go into one of their stores, like I said, over 100 stores. Like I said, over 130 of them throughout New York and New Jersey. Pick out your own mattress. You lay there. You talk with the guy. 65%. You could go to sleep. Spend the weekend. See how it is. They love that. You talk to the sales guy. You figure out the best bed for you. They love when you try to have sex on the bed right in front of everyone. Yeah. Yeah. Just go in there. Take some chicken and really give the bed a workout. Yeah. You might as well. You got to know if it's a squeaky one so your neighbors are going to be disturbed downstairs, right? How embarrassing is that? Sure. All you're hearing is the squeaking of your mattress. I bought a mattress at the department store and I didn't know when I'm with my chick that the downstairs is hearing ... Oh no. I should have went to Rockaway Bedding. They're the experts. Then you're at the department store. The guy from hardware sells you the mattress. Then they give you the rope to tie it to the roof of your pinto. Then you're driving down the road with this mattress with your arm out the window trying to hold onto it. Then your arms go ... Yeah. Oh. Like if the rope snaps, you're going to be able to hold the mattress. No. Your arm and the mattress are going to be out on the expressway. It's a big pain in the ass. So what you do, Rockaway Bedding, they remove the old bedding, deliver the new bedding, give you a free steel bed frame, free delivery, complete removal of your old bedding. You'll love it. Rockaway Bedding, the official provider of mattresses for Anthony and Jay Moore. Give them a call. 1-800-TRY-ABED. That's 1-800-TRY-ABED. The Opie and Anthony Show. Other debauchery on the way. Stay there. 1-027-WNEW. I used to love this song. I got to admit. Did you? Yeah, I did. Not everything has to be rock in your face, I guess. Hey, Ant. Yeah? New slogan for the show. What's that? It'll make sense to some people out there. Syndication. Underground. Thank you. Yeah. Syndication. Underground. Underground. Want to say hi to all our affiliates out there. Underground. Underground. Phone line 212-757-1027. Well, I was pretty excited to wake up this morning and see that huge article in the Post. Anthony, what about you? Pretty nice. It was very nice. I want to thank Jominelli. I have to admit, I think he did a pretty good job with the article. Yeah, about 90% of it is accurate. That's not too bad. Yeah, I guess he was taking comments off the air. Yeah, I thought we were saying on the air. We were misquoted a couple times, but whatever. We'll let it slide. Nothing big enough to cause a stink, but not with normal people. For some reason, there were some issues with our big boss down there in Washington. Well, yeah. Well, let's explain. First of all, if you haven't checked it out yet, please pick up the Post. We're pretty proud of the article. It says, risk gay radio rocks. Fear and babes routines put any W's toxic twins on a ratings rocket ride. Toxic twins. They do say some really nice things in this article, though. They justify what we do as art, Anthony. Yeah, great. Art. Did you bother to leave, pimp? Showered before the photo shoot? All right, wait. Let me explain. This is what we heard. Right around 1 o'clock today, we came in very proud. The article was copied and put in everyone's mailbox that works for the radio station. And you think an article comes out in the paper and it's a cool thing for a radio show, but the things that go on behind the scenes are just hysterical. Like, the article is picked apart by the corporation. Corporate picks it apart for every little thing to weigh it to see if it's a good article or bad. It might look like a great article on the outside to a person that picks the paper up and reads it. But when it's run in front of lawyers and corporate suits and PR people and everything, oh my God, it could be a catastrophe. Yes, and well, the Southern boss down there in Washington had some problems with this article that's in the Post today. I didn't have any problem with it. Oh, you didn't? Not one problem. No? If it was an expose on the home list. But you boys represent this company. Yeah? And you dress like goddamn slaps. Well... And they look like... Do you have running water in your homes? Try to use it. Next week we'll work on soap. But for the love of God, you goddamn look filthy. Well, we explained yesterday that we were hungover when they came in to take these pictures. We're wearing the same clothes from the night before because we're staying in the city. I love a lot of toilet bowls. Because for the love of God, I ain't never seen something like that. You're representing CBS broadcast. Right. That is a company that has been around for many years. Right. Long before and long after you two be at the door. CBS would go on. Represented by the likes of Mark Wallace and the crew of 60 Minutes. You heard of them, huh? Yes, I did. No, when you tune in 60 Minutes, does Mark Wallace look like he's been running a marathon? And didn't shine? No. Why would Mr. Wallace be in a suit and tie? He looks despicable for the company. Well, but the night before the picture was taken, we were celebrating our great ratings with our listeners. I don't care about your ratings. The pictures are goddamn displaced. I'm wearing the same clothes from the night before or the same clothes I had on in the strip club. I noticed that. I saw some pictures from the day before. You didn't even change for the photo shoot. No, I did not. Now, why don't you both sit down with our promotion department, our public relations? And they will teach you the right way to be dressed and speak at a press conference. Now, I understand you're not the run-of-the-mill show. So you could be a little, what you call, wacky or zany. Maybe we'll give you a big cowboy hat. Wouldn't that be good? A good image or gimmick would be if you're sad and put on a cowboy hat and maybe a bandana around your neck. So you're suggesting we get rid of the baseball caps and we go with the cowboy hat. Cowboy and baseball cap, you look like you're ready to go out on the subway wildin'. Wildin'. But that's us, you know. What, are you carrying around shopping screwdrivers, asking people for money? You work for the company. Well, you don't pay us enough. We've got to make up the money somehow. Or maybe if you're looking for a cool image, every picture they take of you could have sunglasses on. And how about hat extensions? If you want to be cool with the young crowd, you could have long hair extensions. That might get the younger people to look at you like a, well, no, then you just look like someone's father with hair extensions. But, Lars, you've got to work on something. And speaking of the baseball cap, Opie, I'm addressing you right now. Did you have to wear an FBA baseball cap? I don't think I was at CBS. I want to be, I have all personalities for the goddamn FBA cap. And what does FBA stand for, sir? Full-flown A, you idiot. How do you know that? Sir, in my- Unbelievable. In my defense, that's not an FBA hat. It looks like it, it says BA at the end, but it's NBA, am I- Okay, Mr. Genius, what matters, what it really says or what it looks like in the goddamn newspaper? But it clearly looks like an NBA hat, which it is. I'm a huge basketball fan, it says NBA, not FBA. There was a picture of Mayor Julianning in the paper a few months back. Remember this one? Yeah. Where he was visiting a little elementary school? Sure. And he was kissing one of the little children. A sweet, candid picture, very innocent. Right. And the picture looked like it was squeezing her ass. Did anyone say, look at the mayor? Kissing the little child, no. Said, look at the child touching mayor. It don't matter what you're doing, don't matter, the hat don't say FBA. Okay, you're a fresh little bastard. Don't you smart mouth me, boy. I'll have you go out and cut a switch. Well, why don't you- And your hat. Why aren't you making fun of Anthony in the photo there? The photo doesn't not make him fun of him. I can't even elaborate on that. A wow sticker. One of them wow stickers. Oh, that's good for the company. Well, we're proud of the wow and that's the brand new sticker. Yeah, there's a picture of it in the post today. A shower would have been nice for him too. Maybe even a bath in acetone or something. God damn it, he looked greasy. Well, we tried to explain- Two words, hygiene. Well, we tried to explain to you, we were out late the night before, we didn't shower, that's the same clothes we had on at the strip club. We tried to explain that to the post, but they still wanted the pictures. And then not only the pictures, but the God damn text of the article. CBS loves having the toxic twins on their roster. Oh, what a collection of characters that have not been approved by this company. What? Spaz, Stinky, and Psycho Mark? Yeah, they're a big part of the radio show. Oh, and how about Cubby Roy and the Knit? What is that, the God damn Masketeers? Manny Mow and Jack. What's the problem with having guys work on the show that are called Stinky, Spaz, and Psycho Mark? Well, at next corporate meeting, you could go to the big boss of bosses for this company and say, oh, would you like to come by our radio station? And meet some of the people that work here? Oh, what's their names? Bob, Bill, Peacock? No, Spaz, Stinky, and Psycho Mark. Get out the door, I don't care what the hell your ratings are. You're high on yourselves right now, ain't you? So I'm assuming you didn't like the article today in the post. Well, you know something? You aren't professional enough in the corporate industry. Well, you know something? You aren't professional enough in the corporate industry to realize and assess these articles for what they're worth. This is detrimental to the company. And, Opie, is there one picture of you with your God damn mouth shut? Opie, you got your mouth hanging like a bastard hound every time I see you in the paper. Well, I was broadcasting. Broadcasting, is that what you call it? Yeah, I was in the middle of saying something wacky. Wacky, zany. Zanerrific, yeah. Well, if you want to go that route, just come to us before these articles come out, before the photographer gets there. We got our bids. We'll put you two in a dress. That'll be great. We'll dress you up in a dress, a lipstick. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And I don't do dresses. You'll do whatever the hell we tell you. Don't talk back to me. I can hear your head. I don't care what your ratings are. Out the door, crap through a goose. That quick, that quick, it'll happen. I thought you said we were very talented people. Look, I'll say it again, okay? You're a very talented boy. That's why we brought you on board, even after that Boston debacle. We'll bring you on board. We saw raw talent. But goddamn, you screw up one more time by showing up in the paper like a couple of ragamuffins. You'll be out the door. You're representing CBS and Infinity Broadcaster. You can't be in a major metropolitan newspaper looking like a couple of sluts. So you're suggesting like cowboy hats and maybe some hair extensions. Yeah, that might work. That might work? A cowboy hat, some hair extensions, a bandana around your neck. That might work. And Anthony. Anthony, razors. Ever heard of that? Razors. It's called shaver. Look in it. All right, sir. Just doing the best we can. I don't like that wow stick in there much. Now why? What's the problem? Well, it's got the big wow on it. The wow should be the little thing in the corner and 1027W and the W should be the big thing. How the hell are they going to know where to find you if all they see is wow. They've been turning around the station going, oh, where's W.O.W.? Where's the station? W.O.W.? You're a couple of idiots. Filthy, disgusting, greasy idiots. I believe you approved the sticker, sir. Oh, I did? Yeah. That was a brilliant sticker over here. You boys got to learn how to address the major. We've been doing this for years. For years. Ever since the 40s when CBS first went on air. You never saw the famous newscasters with a goddamn baseball cap on. Oh, here's the news. Here's the news on my chair this week. And here's my, my tuberculosis hat. No, it's an NBA hat. I told you that already. NBA, tuberculosis, whatever that cancer. NBA. It doesn't say FBA. It just looks like it says FBA. You never see them do an article on 10-pin wins and have some of the new people up there with the goddamn hats on. Hi. Hi, traffic and weather on the ones. Look at me. I'm a greasy mess. Well, I thought you would like the article today, sir, but I guess, I guess not. John Montone, where's the bathtub? You never see that. You boys are a disgrace to this company. Goddamn. Anthony looked like something out of Planet of the Apes. Give him a goddamn razor. Cut the facial hair a little bit. And OP with his goddamn superless hat. It's an NBA hat. FBA, I don't care what the hell it is. Yeah, we love you representing the company with a disease hat. That's good. What you got planned next week? A sweater with genital herpes written on it? Yes, send it to New York Times to photograph that one. It's an NBA hat. N-B-A. Goddamn geniuses. Yes. Well, maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I've been with the company years and I'm wrong. You boys have got to be right. Well, next time I'll try to get new clothes on at least, fresh clothes. I've got a little question for you. Let's get a little intelligence quiz on you. Yeah. Okay. All right. What, uh, what do you open in a house that is glass and let the air in? Uh, a window. A window, very good. What's on top of the house to keep the rain from coming in? A roof. A roof, right. And where do the people, the guests, knock on when they're there? The door. The door. And what the hell is your ass going to be thrown through and just grow up again? The goddamn door. You don't understand. I'm surprised that they're looking at these pictures. The photographer was able to get close enough to you. Why? You're wearing the same clothes as the night before. I'm sure they smell like whore. That's good. Yeah, we got a photo shoot with a major municipality newspaper. What do we do in the night before? Go out and get liquor and whore it up. That's brilliant. Looking good, boys. Looking good. Jesus Christ, what are you going to do for your first TV appearance? No address on me? Well, he won't be wearing any dresses. I can promise you that. Now, that's a funny, wacky thing. You boys don't understand. I understand you're a comedy show. You got to come to us when you want to be funny, when you want to get a public image of wackiness and zaniness. We'll even give you... Now, I know some other people in the company wear the cowboy hat, and a couple other people maybe use the higher extension. But what you got to do, maybe you could wear a ten-gallon hat with higher extension down the back. Now, that's... Wait a minute. Hold on. Goddamn, I cracked myself up. I should be on the high. You should put me on your show. Goddamn. Well, you've been on a lot lately, sir. That would be the perfect image, huh, in your eyes? Now, that's funny. It's not caseless. And maybe, you know what? You come to my office down in Washington, or maybe even get over to one of the other, over that Black Rock there in New York, and they have signs. Some running water over your body before a photo shoot. Is that too much to ask? Okay, sir. All right. Are we on the same page? Yeah, we're on the same page. Thank you, sir. We're very proud of you, boy. You've done very well in the ratings. Very talented. Very talented. Very good for the company. Yes. But you will be out that door so quick. Crap through a goose! You won't even know what hit you. You'll be standing out on 57 going, Goddamn, what happened? I had a job a minute ago, but I don't now. We had high ratings. What happened? And then maybe one of you will have a divine thought and say, We didn't listen to our boss. Goddamn, now we're out of a job. Don't let that happen, Mark. We think you're going to last long with the company. All right, sir. Not if you keep pulling these shenanigans. Okay, thank you, sir. And Anthony, Anthony, soak! Soak! It's an easy word. It's a four-letter word that don't start with F. Soak. Use it. Okay. And now, funny man Anthony, I hear you're doing impressions of me. That's real funny. Let me hear it. Let me hear it. Go ahead. Let me hear it. See, he ain't even got the balls to do it in front of me, does he? How dare you? Go ahead. You ain't even talking, are you? You're a pussy. See, I could be wacky. All right, thank you. All right, boss. That's pretty much what we heard before the show today. Go on, check out the article for yourself. It's in the Post. John Manelli. In the TV section. I don't know why, but... It's in the TV section. Oh, got it. In from the back. Go to the sports section. It's what, three pages in or something like that? Oh, no. God damn toxic quinn. Yeah. Yeah, what are you, certain think you're a goddamn superhero? Toxic quinn's powers activate. Form of an effing idiot. Look, you are. All right, sir, thank you. Stu and Pid. The toxic quinn. Yeah, well... More checks in that stupid column. More checks. You have opportunity after opportunity to put checks in the smart column. Like other people that work for this company. But no. Look, let me... Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid. Smart column. Nothing. Nothing yet. Nothing. God damn. All right, boys. All right. Keep up the... Bad work. Syndication never, ever, ever, ever, ever. Ever. Ever. Ever, ever, ever, and then add a day. Syndication underground. Syndication underground. I don't know what you're talking about. Syndication underground. Syndication never, ever, ever. All right, sir. We got to move on with the show. It was great talking to you. Bye, bud. Okay. There he goes. Whoa. The southern boss. He was very angry. Now we have to work on our image. Our image. Oh. Stop. All right, we have to take a quick break here. Billy and Paul from Airsick.net sent a little ditty about Cranky Ass. As we go to spots, let's play it. It's pretty funny, all right? And we'll be back. Cranky Ass, you got a smelly little cranky ass. You got a smelly little cranky ass. Cranky Ass, you got a smelly little cranky ass. Cranky Ass, you got a smelly little cranky ass. Cranky Ass, you got a smelly little cranky ass. You got a nugget and some skid mark wears. Cranky Ass, pause your ass to stick and you should do some better wiping. Cranky Ass, thanks to Calvilleville for this turn. We all embrace. You're such a child ass, cause you keep passing gas. Of your stinky cranky ass. Okay, everybody. We punish ignorance. Hey ass, turn down your radio. Go, Nick, go. Go, Nick, go. Anthony, were you watching the Nick game last night? Oh, I was riveted, glued to the TV. What an exciting finish there, Anthony. Oh, are you? Yeah. Do you know who won, Anthony? Ah, the Knicks. Very good. 50-50 shot. 50-50 shot for you. I was on the edge of my seat. Latrell Spreewell made Vince Carr look like a chump at the end of the game there. Big win for the Knicks last night. That was the only time they had the lead, too, the whole game. Oh, yeah? Oh, sorry, I'm talking to a wolf. I didn't notice that. I wonder how I missed that part of the program. Big comeback in the fourth quarter, Anthony. Yeah, yeah. Spreewell pretty much taking the team on his back. One by one point. That was the first time they took the lead in the entire game. I just liked when he choked that guy. See, you know what's so funny? This guy could be the best basketball player in the world. The only way I really know of him is that he choked the guy, his old coach. Isn't that sad? Because there's so much more to Latrell Spreewell, Anthony. Oh, I know. If you get to know him, you'll love him. Oh, yeah? Yeah. What did you do last night instead of watch the Nick game? I was having sex. Well, that's a good excuse. It was your birthday. How was your birthday last night? Very nice. Thank you, Opie. I know Latrell Spreewell, because I went to that one Nick's game. He's the guy that looks like he should be in a lineup, right? I mean, out of all the players, he looks like the guy that should be standing in front of the wall with the lines and the height markers. He looks like Latrell, man. Latrell? But doesn't he? You're busting on Spree, yo. Also, no, he turns black. You know, I hate that show, Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, but they're doing a great little commercial with that. Have you seen that part? It shows Regis, right? They did this at the Garden Sunday when I was there. The place went nuts. He reads the question, who will represent the Eastern Conference in the NBA Finals? And it gives Indiana Pacers, New York Knicks, the 76ers. I forget the last one, Detroit or something, right? And all of a sudden you now see the contestant at the back of his head. And you can't really tell who he is yet. It's Marcus Camby. Obviously I knew that. And he goes, New York Knicks. And then Regis goes, is that your final answer? And then he finally shows Marcus Camby and he goes, that's my final answer. When they did that at the Garden Sunday, the place just went nuts. That's your final answer. It's a pretty funny little spot, but you know like Regis did it for all the teams that are in the Eastern Conference. Oh yeah, you go to their venue and that's the one that's playing. You go to Philadelphia and it's probably like Allen Iverson answering the question. Allen Iverson? And then he ties it up with a little joke. Hey Marcus, the check's in the mail. Did they say that? Allen Iverson answering the question. Oh my God, they're abusing Allen Iverson behind me, sorry. Doesn't Regis do that as a little joke at the end? Hey Marcus, the check's in the mail. And I won't unload in your mouth. What the hell man? Those are the biggest lies. The check's in the mail and I won't... Do you know what happened with... I know, I know. I think everyone gets it, Andrew. Oh no, you look boggled. I was. What happened with South Park? I'm getting a lot of email. I was too busy watching the Knick Game. Alright, I'm watching South Park last week. And they do a little promo after the show for the one that was going to air last night. And it's about these little girls from Romania that are over there. And they really didn't get into the plot last week. But I watched it last night. It was totally the Elion Gonzalez storming of the house and taking Elion thing. They played it perfectly. At one point, the guy, the INS guy, comes into the house, opens the closet, and there's this guy holding Cartman. And it's the same shot. It's the same friggin' shot. And then Kenny was over in Romania singing. And since they're all poor over there, their family would do really well there so they were going to live there. But then Kenny's father was still in America and demanded that his son be returned. So the troopers went in to get Kenny and they opened the closet and there he is. But the guy just unloads Kenny and shoots him full of holes. It was great. And the Janet Reno is just fantastic. The animated South Park Janet Reno. Just a man. But they threw it together. I would love to know how they did this. They put it together in a week's time. Mark, what's going on? Dude, I was going to say the same thing. The Janet Reno was hysterical. I think it was the same voice as the mad scientist. It was a deep guy voice. And Janet Reno dressed up like the Easter Bunny because they were staying in the house on Easter Sunday. Janet dressed up as the Easter Bunny with some tear gas Easter eggs. It was so funny because the Easter egg pops in and you just hear the father go, Oh, yes. And then all the troopers come in with their guns and they're all wearing the goggles and the helmets and stuff. It was great. They threw that together in like no time. I heard I missed a good one there. I would love to know how they were able to put that together so quick. And if they even had an inkling that they were going to do it last week, they couldn't because they didn't know what was going to happen. It was really funny though. Cool. That show has gotten funnier. Tenner! The retired kid. Thank you Mark. Tenner! Reno, Reno, daylight come and he gonna go home. Go! He will go, he will go, he will go, he will go, he will go, he will go, go, go, go, go. Daylight come and he's gonna go home. Hundred men and they all got guns. Daylight come and he's gonna go home. She gonna reunite with her friends and family. Daylight come and he's gonna go home. She gonna reunite the dad with son. Daylight come and he's gonna go home. Come on now Miss Reno, tell us that it ain't so. Daylight come and he's gonna go home. Come on now Miss Reno, did you make up for Waco? Daylight come and he's gonna go home. He will go, he will go, he will go, he will go, he will go, he will go, he will go, go, go, go, go. Daylight come and he's gonna go home. Ah yes, Billy and Paul from Airsick.net. Thank you guys. Thank you, thank you. Get tenner. Reno tune. Yeah. Elion Gonzalez. As we're talking about the Elion Gonzalez thing, really fast. I guess everyone has seen the What's Up thing by now. Do we have that on the unofficial website? I think so, yeah. With all the principal characters and from all the pictures. They just kind of animated their mouths and they're all doing the wazzah. Wazzah. It is hilarious. If you haven't seen it yet, go to foundreamusic.com. I believe we have a copy up there, okay? Yeah. Let's see, John from Rockland. Sat courtside and saw Star Jones with Samuel Jackson. Star doesn't look very fat in person. Stop it. What are you, kidding me? Just stop. You sure you weren't in the bag row? Samuel, I was in the bag row. You were in the garden? God damn, woman. You bet. I've never seen no one eat like that. And those garden seats are tiny, too. Imagine you get the season tickets. You're finally on the floor. You've been trying to get floor tickets for 25 years and finally you get them and you have to sit next to that. Put down the mother effing burger. Her left cheek is on your seat. What are you eating, Star? Is that a big Kahuna burger? It's a royal. Mind if I have some of your tasty beverage? Say what one more time, you fat bitch. One more time. Claire, what's going on? You guys, I just want to say that was the funniest song you just put on. Yeah. All right. Janet Reno, very good. Yeah, you've got to give props there, Sick.net. She's a man. She's definitely a man. And it's a big conspiracy. Yeah. I think Elion should stay. All right, guys. Take care. Bye. Thank you, Claire. Wow, look at that. Well, the Daily News, the Russian Malloy there, kind of the Hollywood what's going on page. Everybody, they show here, all the actors and just people with their girls, except Kevin Spacey. He's with Alec Baldwin. You know, he's going to be starring in The Pink Panther soon. Really? Right? Did they change the storyline around and use the name? Pink Panther. Oh, God. And as we're doing Hollywood News here, too, our buddy, our pal, you know him, you love him, Jay Moore. Got some great news today. They're picking up his failed sitcom, FX. Failed sitcom? Well, it failed, but I mean, the critics loved it. Failed. But like Dice said yesterday, it's a good thing. Are they picking up hits? Right. Like Dice said yesterday, face it, it failed. But FX is going to run 13 episodes of action and will air the five unseen episodes this summer. Very, very good news. Jay, are you making some cash for that, I guess? Yeah, no one's damn sure. But it's a critically acclaimed show that just didn't do too well for Jay. We're distracted because he's running the True Hollywood Story with Andrew Dice Clay. The Dice man. Did they say he's from Brooklyn or Jersey? Brooklyn? Brooklyn, please. That was so much fun yesterday. Brooklyn Potter Jersey! Don't say anything bad. He'll be on that phone again. Yeah, he'll call. You know how he gets. All right. What's this? Chick Carson's banging now. God, is he getting some quality quim? Let me see. Tara Reid. All right. Why? You don't think she's hot? It's all right. Dude, get out of town. It's all right. She's no Jennifer Love. Yeah. I don't know. Not Jennifer Love. I don't know. I mean, the girl's not ugly. I mean, you know, I throw some banana juice at her. Banana juice. I think she's better than Jennifer Love. To tell you the truth. This girl? Yeah. What? Jennifer Love's getting a little wacky in the face, dude. You got to admit. It was all kind of cute and stuff when she was in her teens. I was never into the Jennifer Love. Yeah. I hope we never really into Jennifer Love. Not sloppy enough. Really? Need a little slop. Just a little. A little slop. A little, you know. Yeah. But that's just it. You're into Courtney Love and stuff. Yeah. I'm into the Courtney Love, the Drew Barrymore. They have a little slop to them. Like flab ass, though. Well, you don't have to look at the butt. Laverne DeFazio? Yeah. That's me, Anthony. Pinky Tuscanero. Vova. Pinky Tuscanero. Vo-de-o-do-do. Yeah. There's some slop for you. Roseanne? Roseanne, of course. There's some slop. Yeah, let's take it out of context. Of course. I don't know. Courtney Love and they always come across as, uh, star jumps. Yes. Always come across as just, I don't know, dirty. You wouldn't bang Courtney? It just looks like it would open up and be all dirty. She's all scabbed up. Yeah. Nothing wrong with a little scab. Like all scabby and filthy. She doesn't mind getting dirty. That's kind of cool. Yeah. Well, with one of these supermodels, they don't want to get dirty. They don't want you messing up anything, man. You need a girl that can go. Yeah, but you don't want like, stench. Shed a little mud on those knees. You don't want a stench. I know all the guys that banged Courtney Love. We're not talking like I actually have a chance. It's the dream world. You're looking at that list? You might. All right. Yeah, I don't mind like sleaze, like slutty and stuff, but when they look dirty, like it just looks like you'd open that up and just go like, oh, whoa. Wow. That's really bad. You know? You just get some clothes pins for the nose. Yeah, because maybe you wouldn't be doing that anyway. Let me look. Yeah, I got the cover here. Celebrity skin. She wasn't bad on the cover of Celebrity Skin. Some of those videos from that album, she was, she was, come on. You wouldn't go there? Yeah, you open that up. It just looks like a crime scene. Police tape. Just, oh my God, what happened here? Someone, please call the authorities. Someone dial 911. Scout, what's going on? I'm not, guys. What's up? Talking to you. I just want to tell you guys, oh, I totally agree. Trashy chicks are the best. I mean, some, they have a certain charm. You just want to grab them, bend them over a table and, you know, say, oh, this one's for you. Yeah, but trashy is one thing, but she looks dirty, like there's going to be dirt. Like it's just going to be all like discolored. You know what I mean? Turn off the lights. Turn out the lights. Hey, I'm not going to do that. I'm just going to say, oh, this one's for you. I'm not going to do that. I'm just going to say, oh, this one's for you. Yeah, that's the dirt that can't be washed off. You know? That grime. It's like, oh, you scrub it. That ain't changing color. Kind of like that grime on the car. Yeah. How much you scrub it. It ain't coming off. It doesn't matter. It's like Bondo on your fender. Yeah, there it is. All right, thanks a lot, guys. Syndication now. No, it's the new one, Syndication Underground. Oh, yeah, Syndication Underground. Bootleg tapes and whatever else it takes. Adam, what's going on? Syndication, I'm over here now. I just wanted to agree with you, too. I'll be on the Trashy Girls. I'm into that. Yeah, definitely. It just amazes me that Anthony's not. He does the whole dirty girl voice. I thought he was into that. No, dirty girls fine. Trashy girls fine. The whole look is good. I'm talking about the girls that look like they're dirty. Like the other one, Drew Barrymore. She looks like she would just be dirty. Now, see, I see Drew and my bell just goes off. Yeah, without a doubt. I don't even have to think about it. Yeah, a little sloppy. Yeah, she's happy. Yeah, just like totally up for anything. No matter what you suggest, she's going to go for it. Yes, in the blood. And then when you're finished, you don't even have to worry about it because she was trash to begin with. All right, German fisting videos. My God, we were watching some of those after the show yesterday. We all went into the office and we're viewing some of the German fisting videos that I got from Steve Z for my birthday. Isn't that nice? What a great gift. What did you get for your like eighth birthday, Anthony? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, for my eighth birthday, I think I got like a Polaroid camera. Yeah, maybe a microscope. Yeah, chemistry set, sure. Something like that. Yeah. And then I lost Apollo bicycle. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Maybe one of those water rockets where you have to pump, pump, pump, pump and it goes love those off. Yeah. Yeah. What did you get for your birthday yesterday? Oh, German fisting videos. Thank you, Steve C. So we were watching them last night. Oh, my God. One guy, I swear to God, it was a German V2 in his pants. He had like a ballistic missile. And this girl wasn't even flinching. The best part about it was Psycho Mark doing interactive porno. Oh, that was so funny. This one girl, we got to get a tape of that and put it on the unofficial website. One girl's butt right on the screen. Yeah. All right. You know what you're doing. And a guy's face, let's just say he is fully involved, fully involved. So Mark puts his face right against the TV where the guy's face is and he's going, just going to town. It looked like he was going to be in the TV. It looked so funny, man. It was really funny. He's sticking his tongue out. He's gone crazy. Those videos are so bad, so evil. I think that video could be worse than the 100 year old lady getting banged that we had about a half a year ago. And there's just no rhyme or reason to them. Like you get a porno, an American porno, and there's plot lines to them. This is just, oh, yeah, I'm the doomba. Yeah. Oh. Strikkened, you're the doomba. Yeah. Freaking, freaking doomba. He's just going to town as Nazi freak with a Louisville slugger in his pants. Yeah. Hogan. Hogan. Look at the way Major Bullcloth is going at her. Hogan. It was disturbing. Thank you, I'm a fool. Clink, pull down your pants. Time for a fisting, Clink. I'll get you for this, Hogan. It was pretty disturbing. It was really bad. Like one scene, the guy with the Louisville slugger is like going to town. Going to town, let's just say some backdoor action, as they call it. Oh, oh, oh. Yeah. And there's another guy in this leather sofa just doing himself. Just like pleasuring himself. And he's looking over at the scene and you don't understand what they're saying. It's just, ah, ja, striggle, funn da. Oh, ja, ja. Oh, gran mal, das doomba. I don't even know what that means. Das doomba? Das doomba. I can figure that one out. Das, das, das boopshoo. Das boot. Das booty. That's what it was. Ah, in das booty. Das poopy. And then of course the fisting scenes. That's just, wow. We're talking elbows, pal. Yeah, I know. Elbows. We all saw it. They were looking for Hitler's lost skull. That thing fell. The Russians found Hitler's skull. Is that true? Yeah. How the hell do they tell? Well, they have his jaw too, but they, you know, they have it locked away because it's evidence or something like that. They're looking for the part right under his nose so they can see if there's a little mustache there. That'll confirm it. There's a big hole in this piece of skull, though. The Russians have been saying they have Hitler's body for years, though. It's like a big publicity stunt. They're still all wacky on the war over there. Ah, yes, we have his skull. He burnt it. He was fisting Ava Braun while he bit into the cyanide tablet, getting her right into the bunker. Hitler's bunker. Getting her with one of those wacky old World War II German hand grenades that looked like those lint removers that you scrape off your clothes. Dopey grenade. Let me nail you with this. Let's take a break. Bob from Westchester on the Instant Feedback. You guys better replay Otto and George from yesterday or I'll be pissed. Yeah, they were really fun today. Hey, you know what's pathetic? Came in today, I'm talking to Rick about Otto and George and it was really cool that he invited them down for my birthday. And I said I was so psyched to see George, the puppet. Like Otto, you know, it's cool. Otto's cool. But he's Otto. He's like the straight guy and stuff. I wanted to meet George. Yeah, because George has all the personality. The puppet. The puppet has all the personality. I'm looking at the puppet the whole time. Yeah, because you talk to Otto, it's like, yeah, whatever. I want to talk to the puppet. George. Where's George? It got to the point, I hope people understand, I put a mic on for George, the puppet. Yeah. Because that's why you've got to go see him at Rascals Sunday at 8. I think it's even sold out so we're not even plugging anymore. It gets to the point because it looks so damn real that you want... We were going to put headphones on the puppet. Right? It got that close. Anyway, we're going to replay the Otto and George segment from yesterday in the 5 o'clock hour. And there is a ton of material you missed yesterday because they were dumping out like crazy. I think they dumped out 20 to 25 times. Rick worked on it before the show, put all the bleeps in. So trust me, there's a lot of stuff you missed. So if you heard it yesterday, you're going to want to check it out again today for some new stuff. All right? Yeah. All right. And as we go to break, a lot of people are requesting old bits on the email. And yeah, I mean, sometimes like, nah, we don't want to play that again or that again. But there's one that somebody requested. We haven't played in a while. One of my favorites. One of your favorites, Rick? I love this one. Yeah, I like this one a lot too. It's Dirty Columbo. Dirty Columbo. Is he German? Dirty Columbo. Dirty Columbo. As we go to break, we'll be back. Hello, ma'am. This is Lieutenant Columbo. I got a couple of questions to ask you. Could you shove your fist up my ass? I'd love it if you could just stick your fist up my ass. Listen, get your husband over here. I love that. Mrs. Columbo, she pulls out a big, rips my eye out and just shoves that thing right to my brain. I love it. All right. Thank you. Pardon me. One more thing, ma'am. One more. Bury your boot up my ass. Could you do that? And could you just grab my ass and twist it like a pretzel? I'd love it if you grab my shriveled old Columbo dick and twist that thing like a pretzel. Okay, ma'am. I got to get back to the precinct now. Oh, before I leave, one more thing. Could you do, ma'am, one more thing. Put my ass in a vice. Could you just clamp down on my dick and squeeze them until they come out of the hole in my head that used to have an eye? Columbo, don't you have to go arrest Martin Landau? Oh, I was in a series once with Martin Landau. And after the show, after the shoot, as they call it, I jammed my fist so far up his ass that I actually pulled out his prostate. It was wonderful. We used to film at Universal Studios and we'd all get together in the common setting and pound each other. And pound each other as much as you can. I can't take this. We'll be in Anthony. 1027 WNEW. AnthonyPriceline.com. Picture yourself in a boat on a river with tangerine trees and marmalade sky. Now, wouldn't you like to name your own price for tangerines? Well, you can. Priceline for groceries. Oh my God, bigger than big. Bigger than me. Bigger than Uhura's breasts. Yes, you're a beautiful woman. I've got a dribble in my pants. Where's my cup of coffee with my dribble in my pants? Scotty, bones, get the dribble out of my pants. Yes. Yes. Priceline, bigger than big. Just like Bill Shatner says. Name your price for everything. And of course gaining popularity by the second. Groceries open. You do your grocery shopping. You can cut like more than half off of your grocery bill. Half off with Priceline. What you do, you go to Priceline.com on the web. Name your own price for things you buy every day. Chicken, soda, cereal, all kinds of stuff. Everything you buy. And you don't have to shop at a special store. Where do you shop? A&P, ShopRite, Wallbaums, King Collin, Gristini's, Dagestinos, Food Emporium, hundreds of stores across the galaxy. That's right, Anthony. What are you laughing at? Nothing, I'm just reading an instant feedback. Janet Reno will be popular in the old folks home holding flaccid penises with her shaky Parkinson's. My God, man. I'm in the middle of a Priceline race. Sorry, Mr. Shatner. That was pretty funny though. Banana juice going everywhere. She's going to be big. Really big. All right, sorry. You were saying Priceline.com for groceries. Yes, wherever you shop. All your favorite stores, all your favorite groceries. Up to half off. When you name your own price for groceries with Priceline, visit their website at Priceline.com. First airline tickets, now groceries up to half off. Just log on to Priceline before you go to the store. Priceline for groceries, it's... Bigger than big. Opie and Anthony. Can we get these illiterates off the air, please? Please stop. If I wasn't on it, I wouldn't listen. 1027 WNEW. 212-757-1027 is our phone line, Anthony. Having fun today, very happy. We're in a good mood for one. Yeah, the doomba. Yeah. Oh, that's doomba. That's a booty. Doomba. Yeah. Ah, Megadeth. Yeah, we're in a good mood. Post New York Post wrote a nice article on the show. Thank you. I want to thank John Minnelli. The picture is a little shaky because we're hungover and wearing the same clothes from the night before, but that's okay. Yeah, it happens. It happens, but read it for yourself. It's pretty good. We should get Spaz in here because he was really happy that his name was in print for the first time. Yeah, did you see that? Those guys are out of their friggin' minds. Yeah, Spaz, Stinky, Psycho Mark, all mentioned in the article today. Yeah. That was in the New York Post. I'm glad they're following our lead and not getting big heads, Anthony. Yeah. I'm really happy that that's happening. I was laughing at Spaz. I walk in the office and, you know, Spaz, like I said, Stinky and Psycho Mark mentioned in the article. And I say as a joke, I go, hey, Spaz, Stinky's only been here a month or so, a couple of months, and he's already in the newspaper. And this is your first appearance in the newspaper also. And you know what he says? As serious as a heart attack. Well, let's ask him. What did you say, Spaz, to Anthony when he said that to you? I said, well, my name was put first. I got top billing. He actually thought this out before I ever mentioned it to him. Because I was thinking about it as I was reading it on the train. Stupid! You're so stupid! You were thinking about it reading it on the train going, at least I'm first. You really thought that? What an idiot! I know. Spaz, I could just see the headline now. Spaz. Spaz wins in New York Radio. Spaz number one, K-Dog, number one in mornings. It's Spaz Radio from the top of the Spaz building. You weren't happy for the team? You were happy that your name was mentioned before anyone else's? Of course, Spaz or Psycho Mark. Well, at least Psycho Mark. I was happy. No, I was happy for the team. I was just... Happy for the team. I just didn't think my character name would be put in the paper. Oh, it's your character name now. They broke all of the rules of journalism that you explained to us a few weeks back by not putting your real name in there. Well, you guys probably didn't divulge my real name. Kevin Martin. No, don't bow to... No. Come on! No, no. Don't bow to that. No, no. It's my last name. You don't say his last name. You say mine? Yeah, we don't. That's so funny. What, do you think the Spaz maniacs are going to be outside your house now, waiting for you to come home? I never want my last name put on. Neither did we. Now it's in the paper. Anthony Kumia, Greg Hughes, and Kevin Martin. Dump out of that, John. No, John, you're not dumping out of anything. Dump out of that. Do you think John is going to listen to you and dump out of that, knowing damn well we would rush the dump button and kill him if he did that? He has more sense than that. Come on. Kevin Martin, don't ever do that. Get out of that, John. Come on! You're going to have all your little fans waiting for you. Yeah. This is not your house. It's a good thing I'm moving. Yeah, good sense. There you go. What are you telling me to shut up for? I just don't want people to know my last name. Spaz, what do you picture that you're going to leave the building? You're going to leave the building and it's going to be like the Beatles coming to New York for the first time and all the fans chasing you down the street? Kevin Martin! Click, click, all the photographers taking pictures. Don't pass! Don't pass! Don't pass! Don't pass! Don't pass! John, jump out of all last name references. Be quiet, huh? He's not gonna do that. I'm your friend. It's too late. Come on. Everyone's calling now. They want to talk to Kevin. But don't... I don't want my last name on the air. Alright, the listeners will be nice. But then the people on hold know what my last name is. It's too late. It's out there. Spass. Oh, man. And that's your new gig that spazzes your character? It's... Okay, we'll play along. That's cute. No, it's a character! It's like... like Anthony says. Mr. Anthony uses barricades. How's your brother Ricky? He's not my brother. Alright. Spass, while we have you in here, are you working on Spass' Weekend Review for tomorrow? Yes, I am. Very good. I'm working on the effects of having your last name Eric. Are you gonna comment on Rudy G's prostate cancer? We all found that out today, yes. I'm gonna tie it into the Yankees. Not only do the Yankees get cancer, now their fans get it, right Spass? Is he joining the Yankees? Is that why he has the cancer? Well, he is a strong supporter. He is a strong supporter. And he does meet with Steinbrunner a lot. So you think that might have been why he got cancer? Because he's a Yankee fan, he wears the Yankee hat. I've heard of weirder things. Yeah, like you walking in Britain. Like you walking in... I can't wait to hear that one. That's good, Rick. Alright, we look forward to your report. We might as well just save it for tomorrow. It's too late, dude. Everyone's calling. They want to talk to Kevin Martin. Let's jump out of that, John, now. You're a journalist. Kevin Martin on the scene. Let's jump out of that, John. It's too late. Why don't your last names go out in the air? How come you keep stopping yourself? Anthony Kumia and Greg Hughes, they've used them many times. It's in the New York Post today. What are we gonna do? Right. What about Ben's name? What about Rick's name? Mark's name? What about them? Don't give out their last names. They're not on the air. Everyone know... Mark's on the air. Give out his last name. I don't even know Mark's last name. It's Walsh. I don't even know Stinky's real name. I don't know Stinky's real name. Jared. What? His name's Jared? Jared. Jared. Jared? I don't know. It's Stinky. Honestly, who knew that Stinky's real name was Garrett? Me. I had no clue. Who knew? Kevin Martin knew. Kevin. Don't better that, John. Don't better that, John. Oh, wow. Someone's already found your address. What? Let me see that. Oh my God. Is it right? Just tell me if that's right. No, sir. Okay. Alright, Spaz. Go answer the phone. Thank God. That was good. Very good job. Give a fun hello to Kevin Martin answering our phones. My favorite Martin. Alright, Anthony. Anthony, Rick and Psycho Mark, are you guys doing this or what? Yeah, we're going now. Okay, this is cool. The rest of the WoW stickers have arrived, Anthony. The brand new WoW stickers. We have 170,000 of them to get out. Someone has a great idea. Spaz, you dumbass. If you only would have cursed after they said the name, you would have had to dump out. He wasn't smart enough to figure that out. I figured that one out. So I guess the boys, Rick and Psycho Mark, they're heading down to Penn Station. They're going to be just floating around the streets out there. Yeah, handing out WoW stickers as everyone catches their trains home and stuff. They're taking the new WoW van? Are they taking the new WoW van? Yes. Yeah, the new OV and Anthony WoW van. So if you're going to be in the Penn Station area around, I don't know, it'll take them about a half hour to get downtown. They'll have plenty of WoW stickers to give out today, okay? Uh-huh. And they'll check in with us in a little while, but they're very cool. The WoW sticker proudly displayed in the post article today, Anthony. Yes. Anthony, very smart at marketing, lifted up the WoW sticker really fast when the post photographer was taking his picture. You know, what I did there is the equivalent of a guy throwing himself on a hand grenade to save the platoon, and I'll explain why. I held up the sticker. Now, the whole time, we were just trying to make regular faces. Right. Because we always know the second you make a goofy face, that's the one they're going to use in the paper. Right. So we're just talking, conversing normally, making normal faces. I held up the sticker and did a little wacky smile, knowing that he would take that picture and use the picture with the WoW sticker because I was making the wacky face. I sacrificed myself for the good of the show and WoW, Opie. And there it is. Now that sticker's famous. Look, he made the paper. It's famous. And you could have one just like it. Yes. Uh, Rick and Psycho Mark, outside the Penn Station area with the WoW van handing out stickers very shortly, okay? Uh-huh. We'll be leaving in about five minutes. Take him a half hour, around 5.15 or so, okay? All right. Real fast, and before we take another quick break, Tom from Comac, thank you, Tom, for this. If it's true, this is pretty cool for wrestling fans. The word on the Internet is that Stone Cold is coming back tonight on SmackDown. What? Stone Cold's coming back tonight on SmackDown. Oh, is he? That's the word on the Internet. You're damn right. You got to think he would make an appearance because the pay-per-view is on Sunday. Yeah, so he's going to step out there tonight. The place will just go crazy if that's true. And we have Shane McMahon coming on the show tomorrow, Anthony. That should be fun. We haven't talked to him in a while. Oh, cool. All right. So let's take a quick break, and we'll be back. Stay there. Hey, New York. This is Vince McMahon of the WWF, and you're listening to the greatest tag team in radio, Opie and Anthony, on 1027 WNEW. Anthony Paizano of Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. Ah, yes, Opie. Joey was down here, brought some fine food from Paizano for my birthday. Thank you, Joey. Yeah, I would like to have tasted Joey's food. I haven't been there in a couple of weeks. It's always good to have some of Joey's food before we do these live reads, right, Anthony? Yes, what happened? And I love the food at Paizano. Uh-huh. Well, first of all, everyone ate all our food while we were doing your birthday show yesterday. Opie, it's like asking people not to pick up gold doubloons strewn on the street. They couldn't stay away. Couldn't stay away from the food? Of course. And then Joey had, like, a special dish hidden for me. And me too. He made me a big veal cutlet stuffed. Did he get to eat yours? No. Okay, well... It disappeared. Mine was hidden and he goes, oh, I knew that these animals that work for you would... Feed the animals! Would eat all the food, so I put one aside, I hid it. Here it is. Here it is. He handed it to me. Yes. Thank you, Joey. Linguini with red clam sauce. Oh, yes. Oh, my God, you've got to have that. Now, I was tired. I wanted to get home. We had a long show. So I'm like, I'm going to put this in our beer fridge and I'm going to eat it for lunch today. Yeah. Oh, yes. How many times did I tell people to make sure my food stayed in the fridge? So Albie must be in a great mood because you got to eat some of Joey's fabulous food from Paisano before the show. Joey, your linguini ended up on the wall. I apologize. What happened? I got to work and the linguini and red clam sauce that I was really looking forward to all day, I'm not exaggerating. I woke up and I'm like, yes, I'm so psyched. I'm sick of sushi. I'm going to have some pasta. Was on top of the beer fridge. It was out all night. I was so as these guys, I was so freaking pissed. Oh, I threw beer bottles against the wall. I threw the linguini and red clam sauce against the wall. It was like a Picasso painting on the wall after I was done. And they're all looking at me like I'm a wacko. Because you guys don't listen. I said, make sure my lunch is in there. I don't ask for much. Oh, my God. So you missed out. I missed out. I was all pissed off today. Pizzano, linguini and red clam sauce. Yeah. Well, you don't have to miss out people. Go down to Pizzano Mulberry Street. I didn't think I'd see the debt. Yeah, he's running out. 136 Mulberry. At one point, I picked up scissors. I thought that might be a little out of hand. Yeah, you can't be stabbing employees. Yeah, I'm a crybaby, whatever. But it's great. And also when you get down there, I believe starting next week, look at the menu. You will see in the appetizer section, Anthony's Fried Ravioli. I saw that, Anthony. Yes. And down at the bottom of the menu, Opie's Eggplant Parmesan. It's so at the bottom of the menu. If you blink, you're going to miss it. Thanks, Joey. I'm in the appetizer section. Thanks, Joey. Right up top. For the placement in your menu. Appreciate it. I see the Italian guy gets right to the top of the menu. Hey, huh? Pizzano, that's what it's called, Opie. The American mutt all the way at the bottom. You got to be a Pizzano. Anyway, yeah, we love Pizzano. I would have loved to have it for lunch today. So now I'm like, man, I want some pasta, so I went to one of these places around the corner. It's not as good. Of course not. I'm not just saying that. I'm pissed. Well, Incredible Pasta Lunch Specials, too, down there, Pizzano. Yeah, I should have jumped on the subway. Anyway, it's Pizzano of Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. You ask Joey, you tell him Opie and Anthony sent you. He'll give you a glass of wine in the house, okay? Say Joey, I'm over here now. I'm over here now. Pizzano of Mulberry Street. Opie and Anthony. How often do you get to listen to somebody's cell phones or somebody's uterus? More stupidity on the way. 1027 WNEW. 212757 1027. I'm getting more info about Stone Cold on SmackDown tonight, Anthony. Yes, I don't want to give anything away. But it looks like he is on SmackDown tonight. Let's just put it that way, okay? Yeah. And I think you're going to be very, very happy with the results. Yeah, sounds pretty fun. It looks like a pretty cool storyline, all right? Cool. Cool. Trying to be cool so we won't give you any more. Let's go to the phones. Jules, I believe? Jules? Yeah, hey, guys. What's up? Yeah, we're on the LIE exit 37. LIE exit 37. All right. I got a yellow Xterra. I'm trying to get wild. Snow walk, man. Well, you got to get the new WOW sticker. There's hot looking girls all over the place and no one's violent. Guys, this is a green car. There's a green Cavalier convertible. She's just not doing it for us, man. Do you have any WOW stickers on your car? We went to the med game. We just got there and we forgot the WOW sticker. Well, the WOW sign. Well, that's okay. We got a little piece of paper with a big WOW on it and we're not getting anything. Well, you got to put a little more effort into it than that. We're trying to. We're hanging out the window trying to get WOWs. All right. What exit are you at right now? Right now we're approaching 30 south heading east on the LIE. A yellow Xterra. You can't miss it. All right. If there's any ladies in the area that are listening to the show, you know, throw these guys a bone, okay? You guys are awesome, man. All right, Jules. Thank you. Thank you. All right, man. Hey, wait. Did the meds win today? We left. It was the attempted English 1-1. Oh, okay. Thank you. All right. Thanks, guys. All right. Bye. Bye. Speaking of WOW, Anthony, if you want a brand new WOW sticker, we got to say it again. A lot of people, you know, they're not going to be able to get these stickers personally because they live far away and stuff. That's okay. All you have to do is send a self-addressed stamped envelope to the O.P. and Anthony Show WOW sticker, something like that, W-N-E-W. Put all that on the envelope, okay? Yeah. 888 7th Avenue, 10th floor, New York, New York. 10106. I believe that addresses on the N.A.W. website and our unofficial O.P. and Anthony website. Mets lost 2-1 to Cincinnati. Thank you, Ben, for that. And also speaking of WOW stickers, you want to pick them up today. Rick? Hey, Rick. Yo. All right. What? Are we stoned already? What, do you got a contact buzz from Psycho Mark? Yeah, Psycho Mark and Rick in the WOW van, the official O.P. and Anthony WOW van, Anthony. Yeah. We're like Batman at this point. We got a WOW vehicle. We need a WOW cop. Hey, dude, shut up for a second. What? Hold on a second. Yeah. All right, you might want to, Rick. Yeah, go ahead, Rick. We just went through Times Square. Yeah. Stop a second. And Fat Dave from MTV was out front with a cameraman. Yeah. And Mark leaned out the front with a freaking bullhorn and screamed, Hey, it's Fat Dave from MTV. Gah, gah, gah, gah, gah. Everybody lost their ass. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. And then we got a bunch of people who were like, hey, we're going to the show. But Hillary called up and said, blah, blah, blah, I feel for you. Oh my God. The big C. Did you ever think Rudy Giuliani battling the big C? I don't mean the cancer. I mean Hillary. She's a big C. We all know what that is. I am now entering the most difficult battle of my life. A battle against my trust. Only Donna Shanova, my wife, would instead of going on plays called the Vagina Monologue, give me a little Vagina Monologue. Have an open conversation with my prostate for the love of God. Think I should be new at it in 20 years? My prostate, the doctor said, looks like my head. All super inflated, like a beluga whale. Hillary called up to tell me she's sorry and give me some point about my prostate cancer. And I said I would do the same if she got prostate cancer. That's a joke. She doesn't have a prostate because she's a lady. That would be a little up on your anatomy to get that little joke. But I will prevail. I will prevail. I will cut it out with my lightsaber. What's he going to do? Did they say what kind of treatment he's going to get? Well, radioactive seed implant. I was listening to Ten Ten Winds, Anthony, for the guest conference and it turns out that he didn't even want to announce that he had this prostate cancer because it's too early because he wanted to talk to his doctors and see what course he was going to take to try to treat this thing. But because a post-photographer saw him going in to the hospital, he figured, oh boy, I've got to say something. And that's what he did. We'll find out in the coming weeks. If you don't want anyone to know, why don't you admit someone in your family that day and then just say you're going to visit them? Yeah, do something. Yeah, be a little smarter about it, right? But no. He'll be alright. My dad's been through that a bunch. Oh yeah? Yeah. Sucks. The whole prostate thing? Was he getting a lot of use out of his prostate, if I may ask? Use it or lose it. I guess not. Maybe we should get my data banging. Is that a hint? Oh my God. You've got to use that thing, people. It's like anything else. You know the old pumps? You know the old pumps like Little House on the Prairie where they go outside and pump the water? Right? Sure. Now, if you see one of those pumps now after not being used for years, what is it like? The water's not that good. It's rusty. You can't even move it. Right. It's clogged. You must keep these things well lubricated. You've got an interesting way of looking at it, Anthony. Bob from Staten Island writes, God hates people who close down sex clubs. Isn't that ironic? He closes down the sex clubs which are like a stimulus for men's prostates. Oh really? I didn't know that. Why? It is. Okay. Well, I'm just trying to be really sarcastic today. Oh, okay. Well, your prostate is used, Opie, in the making of the fluid or as the dice would say the banana juice. The banana juice. Okay, sure. So he shut down the clubs that a lot of these guys go to that keeps their prostate working. And now he has a problem with his prostate. I find that ironic. Don't you think? Are you talking to like first graders today? A lot of guys have no clue what their prostate is for. Where is the prostate, Anthony? Well, I wish you would do. All right. Alex, what's up? Yo, Opie, what's up? What is it? What's up? Hey, you know what? Did you see the Wasabi one yet? I know. Oh, the Wasabi commercial with the what's up guys. Hilarious. Oh, they're at the sushi place? Yeah. Wasabi. Wasabi and the cutaways to all the guys working at the sushi place. It's priceless. Anyway, go ahead, Alex. I bet Spaz thinks that Giuliani's cancer is just publicity to get elected. You think it's a publicity stunt like he saw? No, Spaz thinks that. Oh, Spaz thinks that. Well, we'll find out tomorrow when Spaz does his weekend review. Yeah, and you guys got to watch SmackDown, it's going to be good. Yeah, that's what I'm hearing. Yeah, okay, later. All right, man. Bye. Yeah, Stone Cold's coming back tonight on SmackDown, it looks like. He's milking his cancer for sympathy for the Senate run. Well, a lot of people saying that Rudy is using his prostate. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I know. We say that, we'll get sued. Yeah, I know. That one we can't say either, I know. Oh, let me read them. Oh, right. Oh, yeah, wow. I don't think that's true, though. That's what they're saying, though. I don't think he's having any kind of an affair with the secretary or anything. That's been alleged in news things, but I don't believe it. Honestly, I don't. I think the guy personally has taken a vow of celibacy for some apparent reason. I don't know. No, he's kidding. You think? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I can't imagine he's going home and, you know, waxing the carrot. I'm the mayor of New York. Imagine that. That's a power trip, a little power play you can play on the chicks. But he never goes out. He can't go out. He can't even walk into a hospital. He gets his prostate checked. He gets his banana glands checked. Big suburban cruising the bar scene. Yeah. All right. Let's go to privilege, guys. Come on. Load up the suburban. Get the cops. We need an escort. I got to get my prostate working again. Got to lube this thing up. You should go and lube it. Yeah, buddy. That's what we've learned today. Anthony? Yeah. We're going to replay the Otto and George thing in a few minutes here. Very excited. Thank God. I got to take a dump. Yeah. Oh, sorry. Should I have let that out? Come on. I'm kidding. Stop. Yeah, we've been trying to get Otto and George on the show for a long time. It finally happened yesterday. And they dumped out of the segment so much, like 20 to 25 times. And every time you dump out, you're losing four seconds of content. Yeah. It makes it a little choppy and stuff. So I can barely tell why they were dumping out. Yeah. So Rick worked on it, put all the bleeps in, and... Wow. It's really, really good. Yeah, he's a pisser, man. And I'm looking forward to hearing it again. We're going to do that in a few minutes here, okay? All right. Also, if you're heading down to Penn Station to get out of town, your day's over or you're just in the area, we got Rick and Psycho Mark together. That's an amazing feat upon itself, but they're there together. And they're handing out the brand new Wow stickers to the commuters, Anthony, to the commuters around Penn Station. Just look for the big Wow van, okay? Great. All right. Tom from College Point checking in. Oh, so Anthony has the fried ravioli at Paisano on the menu. And Opie has the eggplant parmesan. What about the Kevin Martin fruitcake dessert? What are you doing, man? He's all flustered. He's all flustered? Put that back in there. Put the one I had back in there and go answer the phones. Holy smoke. You're losing your mind. He is so frazzled. Don't worry about it. God, it's like he's a former president or something. I want to be left alone. I want to be alone. He really thinks he's famous. What if people know where I live and come over the day I have Ken Stevens our boss over for cocktails? It would be embarrassing. He's really pissed off because we gave his last name out on the radio. I know. All right, Anthony, let's take a break. We'll get into the Otto and George thing next. Stay there. This is your announcer Hugh Lungespecker saying, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Obviously another reason why we're number one. Yeah. Maybe there was a mistake. 2127571027. Let's talk to Dave real fast. Dave, what's up? Yeah, Rick and Mark are two sick ass band houses at the Light Neck Center on 38th and 7th, tormenting every single girl walking by there. You guys rule. Oh, cool. You saw the big wow band? Yeah, I got some stickers posted on my car. Hopefully I get wowed. All right. Let us know how it works for you. Okay? All right, man. Take it easy. Hey, thanks, Dave. Yeah, we got Rick and Cycle Mark heading down to Penn Station. That's the area they're attacking today with the brand new wow stickers, Anthony. Yes. The wow sticker featured in our post article today. Oh, of course. Thanks to Anthony holding it up real fast. Prominently displayed with an explanation of what Mount Wednesday and the paper also. I guess you figured everyone else is putting the wow on live TV and stuff, and you would do your part, right, Ed? Yes, I did. You're officially a Cycle Mark psychopath, I believe. Wow, there's a proud moment in my career right there. Right there. That's it. Where else can I go? That's it. Where else can I go? He's out of his mind. Here comes the, look at this fat guy coming. Let me explain something to our listeners. People think Cycle Mark puts this on as an act. No, this is how he is all day long. Yeah, he just acts like this. I'm amazed the guy doesn't get punched in the face every day. Alright, where are you guys? Yeah, we're in front of, what do you call it, the 34th Street entrance to Penn Station. Yeah, right in front of the K-Mart. Hey, we're not coming in! Oh my God. We only had like four cop cars pull us over and get their new stickers. Oh, very nice. We support the men in blue. Yeah, they're working hard. Alright, so you guys are just about out. I'd like to get the brand new WoW sticker for your beautiful car. I'll take that car. He's selling them. He's selling them, yeah. Come and get them, come and get them, price shots up first. Alright, you guys are going to be out there for what, another half hour, 45 minutes? Yeah, another half hour or so if we don't get arrested first. Alright, just look for the WoW van outside Penn Station today with the new WoW stickers, okay? Alright, thank you Rick. Alright guys. Alright man. And this just handed to me Anthony. Yes. When you get one of these WoW stickers, check out the offer from RC Edge soda on the back of the sticker. You could win a weekend for two in Philadelphia to see the WWF's unforgiving pay-per-view spectacular live. Yes. From RC Edge Maximum Power Trip in 1027 WNAW. Okay? Alright. Alright Anthony. You want to play the Otto and George thing? Yeah, sure. I got to hear this without the, uh... Without the, without all the dumps that happened last night? Well, it's safe to say that Otto and George, it's actually Otto and his little friend is George. George just happens to be a puppet, right Anthony? Yeah, who's really a little rude. He's very obnoxious, he's over the top, he's got a problem. Very X-rated. Otto, very nice guy, down to earth. Yeah. A bit on the shy side. His puppet, an obnoxious F. I don't know how that happens. I can't imagine Otto saying some of the stuff George says. Yeah. Even though you realize that he... It's a puppet act, but in some weird way it worked on the radio yesterday. And we want to now play without all the dump outs, okay? Yeah. Alright, you want to set the scene Anthony? Because people have to understand that Otto sits there, his puppet is so realistic that you start believing the damn things alive. Well, it's also because Otto will sit there and be looking, let's say at you, if you're talking. While he's listening to you, the puppet's looking around the room. Looking around the room, starts looking at the side of Otto's head and then makes some outrageous comment in the middle. Some comment. He's looking at Steve C. He's looking at me as Otto is just talking to you. Yeah. Or talking on the mic. The puppet is looking around the room, which was frightening. Yeah. It was like seen out of that movie Magic. Yeah. Remember that one? With Anthony Hopkins. Very scary. That's a great movie. So yeah, it was my birthday and Rick surprised me by bringing in Otto and George who saw Caroline's and just killed. He does kill. And I just got to say, it was so realistic that I was ready to offer the puppet some headphones. That's no joke. Little puppet-sized headphones. Yeah, because I mean his eyes are moving, his mouth's moving. Eyebrows. Eyebrows. And then, you know, you don't even look at Otto anymore. You just start talking to the puppet. It's beyond bizarre. Alright. So I hope you got that picture in your head as you listen to this next segment, okay? Yes. Otto and George from yesterday. Alright, Rick. It's Anthony's birthday. Anthony's birthday. Surprise number what? Three? How many surprises have we had so far? We've had Joey and the Chimay and the food. Yep. Alright. What was the other surprise? Oh, the German fisting video. German fisting video. Thank you. Steve. And now for Anthony's nerd surprise. This is a good one. This is a really good one. I'm scared. I hate these nerds. This is good, dude. I'm scared. I like this one. Yeah! Alright! Oh, yeah! What's up? I got a set. It's Otto and George! It's Otto and George! Happy birthday, Anthony. Thanks, man. Happy birthday, Anthony. God damn. Wait, you better put headphones on George there, too. Get into the headphones. Now the date right parking. How many guys you got in this room? It's a sausage party in here. And I'm here with Gorilla Boy. Two six packs of nice to brow and some cold tea for you to get on your own. I didn't know what to get you for your birthday. I got you a bag of tokens and some sugar. Thanks, man. Thanks a lot for me. Oh, man. Hey, that's great. This sucks. We got to tell everyone. I mean, Otto and George, one of our faves. Yeah, we just saw the Carolines a couple weeks ago. And this is a huge surprise. We've been trying to get them on the show for a long time now, Anthony. Love you guys. Holy smoke. It's good to be here. Thank you. Thank you in the meantime. Thank you for coming. Thank you. I'm so afraid to even talk. Otto and George, well, he's got a puppy with him that is very real. I had a nice late. I had a Brooklyn diner downstairs. I had the broken leg of lamb. That was a joke. Come to Raskolz. Come to my f****** Raskolz. Oh, Jesus. We should give John the Dumped Guy a run for his money today and just let Otto and George just go until they run out of delay. And then hit the Van Halen song. It's your responsibility. Our button go black when we realize he's used up all our Dumped. Otto and George are going to be at Raskolz when? Sunday night, 8 o'clock, with Jeff Norris, Gorilla Boy, and Chips Cooney, great magician. Goddamn. Chips is probably listening right now. He's working on a Chris Rock movie. Yeah? Yeah. All right. Yeah, he's an actor as well. Okay. You've got to go down and check these guys out. Yeah, come on down. It should be good. Let me do the talking, all right, you boring a*****. I'm a good friendship, sir. The dummy talking back to Otto. Why do I even have to come here? Can't you just do the voice and let me stay home? Who validates here? All right, $35 to come to this place. Norris, you working out? A little bit. A little bit. Say something. You're on air. I've got to protect Otto on stage. Yeah, we need protections. Yeah. Drive to my gigs in an ambulance or from the gigs in an ambulance. Yeah, we saw you down at our cow lines. Yeah. Man, I was dying. That's very funny. That's the first time you saw Otto and George, right, Anthony? Yeah, you've got to go to Rascals, check them out, man. I've been following Otto and George for many years. I hope you don't mind that I follow you, Otto. That's okay. Yeah? That's all right. You're ripping off all your lines. Jay's been good to me. He put me on his TV show. I mean, you know, nobody's ever done anything like that for me. I've known a lot of famous guys. Now, we like Jay. He's a good guy. He gives you a lot of credit. He's a lot of credit. I don't know. He's a little off, though. I think he likes his Nyquil. Does he, Jeff? We all have across the bear. He's that big guy with the camera there. What the hell is he doing? That's Steve. Recording this for prosperity. Put the camera down. Do some sit-ups. Look at you. Look at yourself. All right. There's jelly on that camera. Do a sit-up. All right. You're wasting away to a warehouse. All right, George, don't insult these guys. This is a very important show. These guys are big in New York. Don't you realize? If they plug one of our dates that we can sell out, we could wind up getting the door. Who do I f*** first? That's what I'm saying. We get the door. We get the door? All right. Which one's Anthony? All right. Easy, George, easy. I'm giving out hummers. Anthony's the Italian-looking one to your left there. How you doing? I can't believe I'm talking to a puppet. You think he looks Italian? He looks like a greasy Puerto Rican to me. Rick would be the greasy Puerto Rican right over there. Really? Our producer Rick, yeah. Oh, the guy, that guy, a little misshapen skull going there. Looks like a coffee mug. Easy. Oh, my God. This really sucks. Nobody got a fart in here. There's a goddamn submarine in here. Sausage party. These two guys are getting paid. I'm paying $30 in pocket. There's a lot of guys in here. I apologize. We have some strippers coming by in a little while, I think. That's really? Yeah. I'm staying. So these guys are really big in New York, George. That's good. That's good. My friend Angelo Vazio's here with me, my photographer. He's Greek. Hello, my friend. Broccoli, garlic, sour, string beans. These carrots, spinach, pie. Take potato, it's too early. He's Greek. All right. His balls smell like feta cheese. It stinks in this room. Yeah, sorry for all the guys in here. Happy birthday. No, happy birthday. Jeff brought pizza. Yeah, thanks, Jeff. Absolutely. It's from Jersey. You know how the pizza is out there? It's like Wonder Bread with V8 poured on it. Get the pizza in Midtown, you schmuck. You carried it. It's pizza in Jersey. You carried it, George. He's arguing with the pub. You carried it. You're arguing with the pub, you little dick. On the bench with eyebrows. You're all right now. It's going to be some show Sunday. It's going to be great. Sunday at Rascals, 8 o'clock. It's going to be a good show if you show up. I'm going to show up. He doesn't show up at some of the gigs there, George. Yeah, he's a real loser. I think my mom is listening, too. Hi, Mom. She usually listens to Bob Grant, but I told her to tune in. Bob Grant, you like the food? How old is that guy? When is he going to die already? Bob Grant, get in the coffin. George, you should invite Anthony as a special guest for Sunday for his birthday as well. Oh, really? You should have him front row. Special guest? You're inviting him Sunday? First Sunday. Come down. Okay. Are you giving me lessons on how to kiss ass? I know what I'm doing. Get the bumper stickers and get in the car. Get the car. I want bumper stickers. They should buy us pizza. I'm lying in their pockets. It's an evil conglomerate in here. You radio bastards ain't fooling me. Wow, he's a little angry today, I say. You seem angry, George. Yeah, whatever. He doesn't seem happy to be here. I don't know how a puppet gets so pissed off like that. Rough ride in. It's schizophrenia at its finest. I can't tell. Eight o'clock. Eight o'clock, a rascal Sunday night. You're going to have a full house. Oh, man, seats are going to go quick. Call now. We're going to make sure everyone goes down there. I don't enjoy it. Nothing like them, man. You know that film you guys got on your website called The Meal where the two kids are eating the... Yeah. Yeah, a friend of mine made that, Craig Cefola. I made a film of him called Telecrappy's. I just wanted to plug it. It's called Telecrappy's, a short film. And if you want to see it, it's on ifilm.com. That's another plug. I saw that one, The Meal. Yeah. And it's two guys in a backyard eating what appears to be fecal matter. Yep, a Pataki. A Pataki. Or a hot lunch. Yeah. Craig makes these films. It's great. Cleveland Steamer. Yeah. It's disgusting. They look like a young guy. Yeah, I'm running out of steam. Well, they were... the actors were just... Oh, they were actors? Yeah, they were just kids. Yeah. I thought maybe they did the movie themselves. No, I don't think... Someone was responsible behind it? Yeah. Yeah, it was a casting call. A casting call. You don't look real enough eating that load. Yeah. That dump is disgusting. Try it again. Yeah. A hot lunch. Yeah. Alright, Cleveland Steamer. Alright, he's mellowing out over there. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. I'm running out of steam. You've only been here five minutes. They don't even offer a beverage or anything. Just sucks. Alright. It's okay, George. Four dollars for the bridge, parking. Alright. This guy with the pizza. They like pizza. I've never seen... Stop buying s***. You're in. You're in. Alright. I was just going to say... I've never seen him so radio friendly right up until that point. Yeah. You have to go to Rascal's Sunday, 8 o'clock, auto and drive. Yeah. I'm going to go to Rascal's Sunday. I'm going to go to Rascal's Sunday. I'm going to go to Rascal's Sunday. I'm going to go to Rascal's Sunday. I'm going to go to Rascal's Sunday. Yeah. You have to go to Rascal's Sunday, 8 o'clock, auto and George. Yeah. To hear the Pope joke. Oh yeah. The most amazing joke I've ever heard in my life. I can't do the Pope joke. We understand you can't do the Pope joke here. You've got to go to Rascal's. That'll be something to look forward to when you go to Rascal's Sunday at 8 with auto and George. That's spaz by the way. Thanks, spaz. That's spaz, yeah. Thanks for the water. A Snapple would have been nice. Can't that Indian guy get me a Slurpee at least? Oh, please. I don't know. He's been working here for like 30 years and you're insulting him? Who cares? George. 30 years, George. A little respect. Yes. Sorry, sir. May shirt leave on assembly. Dressed up, happy to be living here. How are you supposed to have everyone like it if you can insult everyone? George, don't you want to be light? Come on. These are nice guys here. Be nice. Be nice to the customers. I'm scared. I don't want to make eye contact. I don't want to look at the puppet. He had a rough ride in. He had an argument with the toll lady at the Lincoln. Oh, really? Yeah, he got a little pissed off at the toll lady. I like to heat up my chain, shove the quarters in my butt for a few minutes and then hand it to him. Here you go, exact change. Give the dude that heat up a quarter and hand it to the guy. Laughing at him. That must be something you pull up to a toll booth and you're getting yelled at. George drove in. George drove my truck. Yeah. I got pulled over once and I pulled the puppet out of the back seat and I was going, Grab his gun! Grab his gun! My friend's going, Please shut up. Don't do that. Grab his gun! Let him go! Let him go! It's only five beers. Grab his gun! Is the Indian guy laughing? He's laughing a little bit. Oh, rascals. Sunday. God damn it. I wouldn't miss it. Come on. You're crazy. I wouldn't miss it. I wouldn't miss it. I wouldn't miss it. I wouldn't miss it. I wouldn't miss it. I wouldn't miss it. I wouldn't miss it. Which rascals? West Orange. West Orange. What's the phone number? You got the number? Because we want to sell out this place Sunday. Unprepared. No, I don't. Look it up. We'll look it up. No big deal. West Orange rascals. I don't and George Sunday at 8 o'clock. One of our faves, I'm telling you. Anthony saw him for the first time, what was that, two weeks ago? My sideburns. I was dying, man. You had a table up front of women from the Midwest. Oh, yeah. And George was relentless. I was screaming. Yeah, they looked so Midwestern and rosy and innocent. So happy to be there. They were probably just walking down Times Square and go, oh, look, a comedy club. We'll catch one of those fun, clean little acts. And they're just getting lambasted by George. Friggin' hysterical, man. And let's not forget the 14-year-old girl in the front row. Oh, my God. The father has, you know, he's got problems. Yeah, the father brings a 14-year-old girl to Seattle and George. Let me tell you something. She was one hot 14-year-old. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Half the time I'm looking at what's on stage, half the time I'm looking at her ass. Yeah, George, did you like that hot little 14-year-old? Yeah, not too bad. I like a girl who's got Snoopy on her underwear. And horny 40-ticket. Yeah, what father does that, though? It was kind of a weird-looking situation. They had a table all by themselves. Yeah, that was a little bit weird, you know. It's like, what are you going to do, rent Caligula and show that to our next door? How open-minded do you want to be? Hey, honey, look, the fisting scene. This is great. Who are you, Joey Butterfoucault? Yeah, I thought it was abusive. It's not my fault, you know. Yeah, you're doing your act, man. And he's bringing his young daughter in there. Yeah, I did this bachelor party once, and the guy, like, 10 minutes before the gig goes, listen, there's a monsignor here tonight. Can you work clean? He's, like, sitting ringside. I go, why did you hire me? No, I can't work clean. I want to take a walk and, you know, I want to leave for an hour so everybody else can see what they came to see. It's a surge. Damn clergy ruining our good time. Yeah. Taking all the joy out of this world. George, you awake over there? Yeah, not too bad, man. Okay. What did the black lesbian say to the white lesbian? You the man! All right, George. Look alive, Morris. All right. Happy birthday. Here's some Meisterbrow and cold pizza. I like being here. Maybe he's just on a budget. Maybe George hasn't got laid in a while, and that's why he's so angry. Yeah, I'm pretty horny. Shivers Regal and White Castle next year. I'm telling you, I know what I'm talking about. I love that. White Castle, Shivers Regal. Gorilla Boy! I could use some poof ass. I could say pussy. Why didn't you tell me that pussy? A big, f***ing, pussy. That's romantic to say, right? F***ing, pussy. Well, I don't know if you can say it that way, but that's okay. Why not? It's not in any context, is it, Opie? No, you can say whore, too. You can say whore? Yeah, you have a very special way of saying whore, George. Oh, sorry. I'm staring at the console wondering what I can get for that. It's the back of the computer I'm looking at. And Gorilla Boy. Look at my forearms. Look how tough I am like Arnold. I am tough and strong like Arnold. You should have seen him climbing up the side of the building with the pizza and the beer. Playing, shooting at him. You big bully. I protected J. Moore. You heard about that. That's awesome. Yeah, you took a punch for him. For J. Moore. My buddy. It's cool. Like the Secret Service of radio. We do have the number, Anthony. Very good. Cool. Otto and George, I'm telling you, you've got to go Sunday. Eight o'clock show. One show only? Yeah, just one. It's early, so it's a work night so people can see the show and still be in bed by 11. You don't know what we could do for you, Otto. We could get you like 10 shows like we did J. Moore. Oh yeah? Oh yeah. You want to just start with one? We can start with one. Okay. Maybe next time you'll go for the 10? Yeah, I mean that's all I got. Sunday night, yeah, it's a great show and you're going to see Chips Cooney who was on the Drew Carey show when he did that Mr. Las Vegas special. And Jeff Norris who I work with all the time. Now screw that. You're going to go to see George. Yeah, screw Jeff. George is the show this time around. Sunday, eight o'clock at Roskills West Orange. The number is 973-736-2726. It's going to sell out fast, I'm telling you. Yeah. And we encourage everyone to go see Otto and Jeff. Pussy! Pussy! Bitch! Bitch! Pussy! What is wrong with you? Yes, Tourette's. Pussy! Poor! Poor! With that ****! Poor! Out of control. You got Tourette's. George got Tourette's. He's absolutely losing it. Don't you want to be on network TV eventually, George? What's that guy staring at me? He's happy to see you. I hate people who are happy to see me. Because if I walked in here without you they'd go, oh you didn't bring George. They're all sick in here. They all think I'm real. Mental illness. Treat it before it kills you. Oh did I mention pussy? Cock-a-doodle-doo. This is so easy, they're like children. We've got a congressman on the line. Really? Do you want to make fun of a congressman, George? I'll be respectful. Let me take this call, George. Alright, put the homosexual priest on. Gary Ackerman. Hey, how you doing? We're hanging out with Otto and George in the studio today. I've been listening. Yeah. No wonder why your ratings have gone through the roof. Congratulations. Thank you, Gary. Oh father! Happy the morning to ya! Dying the altar boys lately, have ya? No, he's a congressman. Oh, he's a congressman? Oh. What did he think I said? He thought I was a congregation. Oh, well, I'm sorry. He thought I was a congregation. What district are you? The 5th Congressional District of New York. And what have you done for the poor black man in the street lately? I didn't mug him. I got an alibi. This guy's a racist and a f***ing black. Easy, George, easy. I got to compete with a puppet? Yeah, we all do right now. There's Republicans out there, I got to get a puppet. Get some shivers regal for the congressmen, yeah. That's right, George. I'd rather have the White Castle. That would be good. Whores in White Castle. Aposa! Gary, do you have any opinions on the Elion Gonzalez thing? I'm out of opinions. Good. They're milking this poor thing for everything it's worth. It's terrible. Well, let's ask George. Do you have any opinions on that? Yeah, take that little Cuban kid by the ankles and smash his head on the edge of the sink. Get rid of him already. Smash that Cuban skull into some porcelain. Stick him in a corky cup and float him back to Cuba. That's a little harsh. That's a little harsh, George. Easy, easy. What do you really think? What do I think? No, not you. Who cares about you? I'm just kidding. I thought that Janet Rideau had to send these guys in with the machine guns and everything. Really? I mean, you know, as a Jewish guy, I've got to tell you, one thing strikes fear into the hearts of every Jew. Two words. Miami relatives. That was good. Aren't you supposed to be working? Why the hell are you calling this show off? What the hell are you doing for your district? Calm down, George. You f***ing b*** blocker. Wow. I'm going to call Alty and Anthony. All right. Wow, the puppet's really pissed that you're on the lawn, Jared. I know. I'm competing with a puppet. Hey, listen, Anthony, happy birthday. Hey, thank you. I ran into your brother-in-law, you know. Oh, really? Which one? I didn't get his name. He was at the one who liked the Met. Opening date at the Met. Oh, Johnny, yes. Well, good. He came up to me. He recognized me right away. He did? I don't even know what the hell you look like. I'm the guy with the train track down his back. Um... Uh... Uh... Uh... That's what happens when you get hit with a train. Never mind, I take it back. Hang up on the Joe congressman. Don't get Luca Bracci, the Joe congressman from the other district. They're not murderers. Hey, listen, is that puppet vote? No, on election day I stay home and masturbate. That's a vote for myself. Get the Joe congressman from the other district. Thank you for the birthday wish there, Conway. You're very welcome. You're very welcome. You owe me a beer. I could make it the other night. Six thousand times a day. Happy birthday! I'm sorry you told him it's your birthday now. You're right, George. His cold pizza. Happy birthday! Look, I'm going to get you a pizza. I'm going to get you a pizza. I'm going to get you a pizza. Cold pizza. Look, I've got a f***ing envelope with some cash in it. Cold pizza. Does he look hungry to you? He's very, George is very mad at Jeff Norris for bringing just pizza and beer. He looks so happy walking up with the pizza and the beer. Look at me. Look at me holding this all by myself with my big arms. All right. He's in good shape. Yeah. Well, thank you, Gary. You're very welcome. Put the Jew congressman in a headlock. You have very bad timing, Gary. Listen, tell Otto I'm going to cut George's strings over there. Son of a b***h. All right, Gary, thanks. Okay, buddy, take care. Bye bye. Confusing George with a marionette. What a dull useless guy that was. Sean, what's going on? Not much, guys. What's going on with you? We're hanging out with Otto and George. They're performing at Rascals in West Orange Sunday, 8 o'clock. I know. I was just talking to Spaz and the lines are going nuts there. It took me 20 minutes to get through, got my reservations. I am all set to go. See Otto and George. Nice. All right, I guess you guys can go home. You did your job. Thanks, pal. All right, Sean. All right, happy birthday, Anthony. Thank you. I guess they can leave. They did their job. It's going to sell out now. Yeah, rocks. See, George, you don't have to hang out anymore. What is your congressman? Where does he work? I don't even know. He's not a regular? He's in Nassau County. Hi, first time caller. I'm the Jew congressman. It's cold in here. Throw a Jew in the fire. Oh my God. Oh, geez. Come on. George, don't you want to be back at our show? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was not cold. That's all right. What a bitter, bitter puppet. Very bitter. Something must have happened in his childhood. I thought I made Gilligan look like Sherman Hemsley. Get the Jew congressman from the other district. We're not murderers. From the godfather. One of our favorite movies, George. We like when people quote the godfather. Oh my God. That could be some of the most inappropriate stuff I've ever heard on this show. Yeah, but it came from a puppet. Of course. That's our out. It comes from a puppet, it's okay. I don't figure that out a long time ago. Yeah. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. You have to get the venom out somehow. It's either this or go to a batting range. You have to somehow get the aggression out. You can't just go through life saying rotten things to people even though you can thank them. Buy a puppet. Yeah, because you seem like a pretty laid back guy. It's a strange way to make a living. I feel weird when I do it, but I get big laughs and people seem to love it. I get bored by my own material, but you just keep going. You have to do the same act. There are a couple of people on the line that want to ask George a couple of questions. Oh, Jesus. George, you want to answer a couple of questions before I leave? Sure. You're on here. I'm taking all the gorilla boys. That's right, George. Let's go to Jim. Jim, you're talking to Otto and George playing Rascals, West Orange Sunday at 8 o'clock. You're on the edge, Jim. Get a job. Jim? Hey, guys, how are you doing? I'm fine. The people on hold get to hear the uncensored version of this. Do you have a question for George? How old a man are you, sir? How old are you, sir? 40. What, are you still going to kick out a cursing? Did I curse? Hello? Listen, George, let me ask you a question. How do you pick up women? You go up to them and say, let me show you my woodpecker for a while. I'm like, oh, yeah. I'm actually very romantic. I like to go like Valentine's Day. I get up really early, buy a dozen long stem roses, take out the hooker in Nick Town and strangler and dump her in the Hudson. What do you usually do? You make totted mistake calling this show? I'm 40. I like it when this show is dirty. Okay, terrific. Sunday at Rascals, 8 o'clock show, right? Yeah. Phone number is 973-736-2726. All right. We have one more call here. Joanna, Joanna, what's up? Hey, what's going on? Happy birthday, Anthony. Well, thank you, Joanna. Way to go, Joanna. Talk to you later. Brush your teeth with my ****. Oh, George. George, did you forget we're on the radio again? Yeah, we're adding a little 40 second thing. I don't know, they said that. They said don't say it that often, just once in a while. Let's ask the Joe congressman and another digit. Well, oh my God. We want to thank Otto and George for stopping by. Thank you. This is a huge treat. We are huge fans of yours. When the weather gets better, we'll come up in short pants and just hang out. Nobody wants to hear from you. Calm down, George. I'm going to give the plug now. Really? Okay, quiet for the plug. Otto and George, Rascals, Sunday night, one show, 8 o'clock show, you're crazy not to go. Yeah, got to go. We'll probably go again. We love Otto and George. West Orange, tickets going fast, 973-736-2726. We have that number here if you need it, okay? Right. Thanks for the plug. Yeah, no problem. That 12 pack of Meisterbrow is a nice touch. You won't leave Jeff alone. He won't. He's rough. RSC Sunday. George, any final thoughts? Why am I looking at a puppet? Final thoughts? No, it's just great to be up here and final thoughts? Yeah. What about that JFK Junior? I don't talk about that. It's old stuff. You want to leave with a JFK Junior thing? We love JFK Junior. Yeah, that was a shock. I thought they drowned their bitches one in a time. Oh, God. Hi, Mom. Hi, Mom. All right, Otto and George, stopping by for Anthony's birthday. A big huge surprise. That was awesome. Thanks, man. How pathetic am I? I had a mic on for George the whole time. I'll give you headphones next. Next, we're going to give you your own headphones, George. Thanks. Headphones. Thank you. Otto and George, once again, Rascals, West Orange, Sunday night at 8, it's going to sell out, so call ASAP and try to get your tickets, okay? Right. All right, very cool. The OPM Dance of the Show. You're never going to amount to anything. It's awesome. I'm going to go crazy. I cannot believe that those morons are on the air. I don't know, Anthony. I think this is better than a rock block, don't you? Only half is nauseating. I'll tell you why they watch UPN Channel 9 News. Why? To see if any of the live reporters are going to get wowed. That's the best reason to, yeah? Every night at 10 o'clock, I just go around the channel, see if any of our lacos are out there with their wow signs. I go, come on, come on. It makes watching the news fun again, Anthony. Time Out New York, brand new sponsor to the ONA Show. Got to love Time Out New York if you want to figure out what the hell you want to do in the city. Find yourself in New York City, you're with a group of your friends, you're saying, what do you want to do? I don't know, what do you want to do? I don't know. It's a big city. It's kind of hard to keep track of what to do. Time Out New York, great guide to what's going on in this city. The cool stuff to do. Not like an old fuddy duddy guy. Go, I'm going to go to the Statue of Liberty. And touristy things. The cool trade center. Everyone knows that stuff. Leave that for the rubes. This will tell you the cool clubs, cool places to eat, things to do. Yeah, it's on every newsstand. It's the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. They have articles every week as well, Anthony. This week they're featuring a guide to bike riding in New York City. A lot of people have bikes but don't know where to take them in this fine city of ours. So they help you out with that. Also, they have a sexpert in Time Out New York. Like you said, they have over 100 restaurants to choose from. A rundown of what theater tickets are on sale at TKTS booth. And more. Over a thousand things to do with your free time. Simple as that. It's on every newsstand. If you're coming into the city or you work in the city and you're looking for something to do after work, go to the newsstand. Go to any newsstand. Time Out New York's at every single one of them, okay? Time Out New York, for a subscription call, 1-888-GET-TO-NEW-YORK. That's 1-888-GET-TO-NY. Time Out New York, the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. Get it and get out. Let me let you ladies in on something. Oral never gets old. O.T. and Destiny. Their brains are in their pants. 1027-WNEW. It's the O&A show, 212757-1027 is our phone number. Foundrymusic.com, check it in Anthony. The unofficial O&A website. We got video of Marvin Scott and the wow sign from Channel 11 Monday night on the unofficial O&A website. Under Files 5. The one that started the brawl between the police, the camera crew for Channel 11. I'm waiting for Marvin to start throwing blows. You know, Marvin just got so pissed off he's in his live show. Here we are live on, oh son of a bitch, you bastards. I'll get you Psycho Mark. And then you see Stinky and Psycho Mark running all over the place while Marvin Scott's trying to do his live broadcast. It's good, the video's up on foundrymusic.com, okay? Yeah. Alright, Rick's checking in one last time. I believe there's still a Penn Station with the wow stickers. Hey, look at that. He's a cutie. He's a cutie. Oh boy. Sounds like something to hear on Z100, I swear to God. Just speak English. Yes, yes, yes. Oh ho, here we go. Look at our wacky van crew. Look at that. What country do you live in? Oh, that's Clonson. Bring these back to Green Bay and rip them all over the place. Ho ho, wack zanerific. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful people. What are they, what are they doing? I'm embarrassed. Rick, where are you? I'm embarrassed. Rick, where are you? We got them there fresh and tasty. They're beautiful. Just do it. Yeah, enough of that. What do you hear on Z100? Did we call R-van or was that Z100's van? We're doing wacky bits. Did our signals get crossed with Z100's van or something? A couple of people's names get in the paper, they get all pumped up. Ho, what a mess. They're out there with the wow van somewhere with the branded wow sticker. I apologize for that. We used to call and it was like, Hi guys, I'm here with the wow stickers. A lot of fans showing up. It's a good time. If you want your stickers, come on down. We've got 20 to hand out. Now it's like, you're on the air. What are you doing? We need you. We need you. We need you. We need you. We need you. It was over the top. That's the problem. They're calling back. Yeah, sure. Hey Rick. Yo. What's up? What's up guys? How are you? You're live in the air Rick. Oh, okay. What's going on? Alright, we're here. We're still on the 34th Street entrance. Yes. Yeah, doing our wacky stuff. And a lot of people stopping by. Oh yeah. We've got lots of people stopping by. We still haven't gotten a ticket yet. That's good. Where are you? Right on 34th and what is that? 7th Avenue. Right on the corner. Right on the corner. You're handing out the brand new wow stickers, right? A lot of brothers enjoying the wow stickers. Alright. Very good. We like our African brothers to be enjoying the whole wow thing. What was that wacky thing going on about a minute ago when you called us? I don't know. I couldn't even hear you guys. Mark was talking. Both shot up for a van. I want a limo. Oh Jesus. His head has exploded. Alright man. Alright. We'll see you guys in a bit. We're going to be here for like 10 more minutes. Alright. Have you given out a lot of stickers? We've almost gone through an entire freaking box. Nice. And I don't even know how many are in here. Probably what? 3500? Yeah. So we're giving out a lot of people are driving up. One guy pulled up. He just got through the tunnel as quick as he could to get here. Right. Alright. Call out. Yeah. Just pull up next to us. We're handing out a lot on both sides of the van. 34th Street and 7th Avenue outside Penn Station as you head home. Another 10 minutes. Alright. Thank you, Rick. That's a lot better. People are getting to a point where we can't even deal with them anymore. I know. A couple more articles like that today. It's going to be unbearable. That was a little better. Spaz freaking out that we were giving out his last name. He's yelling at John. Did you see the yelling match between Spaz and John the Dump Guy? Yeah. Like when Spaz was saying, dump out of my last name. Dump out of it, John. Because we wouldn't dump out when we said his last name. Kevin. I won't say Martin. But he's yelling. He's yelling, dump out of my name. And of course John's not going to dump out of his name. He only dumps out of things deemed objectionable by the FCC. Right. So John comes up to say hi to us and Spaz is yelling at him outside. Why the F didn't you dump out? Spaz has an attitude. Because his name was first when it came to Spaz, Stinky and Psycho Mark in the post today. I'm so glad they're following our lead and not getting big heads. That's good. That's wonderful. All right Anthony, what else is happening? We've talked about just about everything today. 212-757-1027 if you want in on anything today. I guess we can mention McCain. Yeah, that's an interesting little tidbit in the paper today. John McCain made his little failed bid for the presidency. Wait, I've got to put something in their place. Oh boy. Rick. I dumped out. Don't worry Spaz. Look it's Spaz getting out of the window. I dumped out. Calm down, I dumped out. He's a freaking lunatic man. All right anyway, we're going to need a vacation already. We just took one. We're going to need one away from our crew. Oh no, and I think we've gone four weeks without taking a day off. This is a brand new record for the opening of the Anthony show. We've got to keep this streak going. Yeah, John McCain. Wow, I saw the footage on TV. Is he nuts or what? John McCain, we all know the story. He's an American hero. He was tortured at the Hanoi Hilton, right? Right. Over there in Vietnam. North Vietnamese, had him a prisoner. And everyone's doing stories because it's been 25 years. So what does McCain decide to do? He decides to go back to Vietnam. What is he nuts? Not only back to Vietnam, back to the same cell that he was held in, in the POW camp. That's like going back to a bad marriage years after you get a divorce. Yeah, right. Why would you do it? Why put yourself through the agony? Why would you do that? He flies halfway around the world to probably get depressed. The cell he was in where he was beaten, tied up, bottom of his feet smacked with bamboo shoots, with bamboo and his shoulders broken, his face pummeled. And he goes back. Like you're visiting your old neighborhood when you get a new car or something. When you're a kid, you get your first car. What do you do? You drive around your old neighborhood. To show it off? Right. What is he showing off though? Well, he brought his son, I guess, son Jack, 13. His son in the picture on the paper was walking in the cell like, Oh, Jesus, no wonder dad's such a son of a bitch. Oh, he had to stay in here. Good dad, thanks for locking me in my room. Yeah, I think you'd understand now. So you think John McCain was in his old cell and just kind of sitting there and reflecting a little bit and- Son, son, this is where I stayed for many years in the war. I remember being in this very cell when the gooks came in. That's what he called them, son. The gooks. They'd come in and smash me in the face. Man, what if I smuggle in here in my pocket? Hey, hey, Mr. Vietnamese guy. Take that! Go on! Take it, son! You son of a bitch! Swear to God, yellow gooks, you'll be taken care of! Cover me, son! I'm gonna take the short one! See him there, the yellow one behind the rock! I'm gonna take the short one! See him there, the yellow one behind the rock! I'll take you back in person! Oh, look! Gook baby! Gook baby! Watch out for the gooks. He could have a grenade. Gook women! Don't trust them! Oh, yeah. It's the year 2000. Sorry. Sorry about that. Gook gooks! Gook babies! Die, gook babies! Gook babies! Claymores! I don't wanna go back, man. Wow. Okay. I almost felt like I was there, Elphie. That's a haunting tribute song you played for his return to Vietnam. Well, this actually is the song they used in that Columbine video, which is just a twisted thing going on in Colorado. Did you hear about this one? Yeah, they took this song and put it on a video of the scene of the massacre. Yes. So they got footage of the library. I mean, it just looked... Oh, my God. Who's putting this video out? What, the fire department or something? They're selling copies for 25 bucks. They got the video of the library with his blood stains and books and just everything shattered all over the place. And this song is playing in the background. Yeah, that's pretty bad. And then they got like... So my mom was really outraged. She was on TV. Yeah, because in the video, I guess, they have somebody dragging her daughter's body across the lawn. To the video? On the video to this music? Yes. Oh, see, that's kind of like... And for 25 dollars, anyone can buy a video showing an empty, bullet-riddled Columbine high school after the massacre a year ago. And the footage comes with a pop music soundtrack. That's creepy. The tape is three hours long, primarily aerial footage from the day of the attack, showing the wounded and the bodies of two slain students. What could that tape possibly be for? That is like... Nuts. Who's making money off of it? I don't know. To be honest with you, I don't know. I'm sure they'll delve into this. So... Try to figure that out. Hmm. That's like... that's out there. Yeesh. I wonder if they used your brother's song. They did have... Yeah, now that they should have used. They did everything in perspective. They did have pop music playing. Yeah. You think they were playing your brother Joe's song? Somehow I doubt that. Yeah. Although it does put the whole thing in perspective and shows what fiends the two were. You know. Doesn't glorify it or anything. No, not at all. No. This is what Anthony's brother Joe came up on. Oh, no. Who's that gonna buy? OP and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. And our phone number, 2127571027. Anthony, big show tonight. Yeah. Real big concert tonight. I don't think a lot of people know about this show tonight. What is it? At the Trade Winds, Anthony. The Trade Winds? Who's gonna be there? A place we know very well from last year. Yeah. Had a great time down there. Kicking off summer. I wonder if we're gonna be back down there this summer. Yeah. Would be nice to return to Trade Winds. But tonight we have to step aside because, well, Bon Jovi's playing the Trade Winds, Anthony. Alright. Rock. Bon Jovi from his hit movie that day, U-571, is that it? I can't confirm this, but the record company didn't even know they were playing at the Trade Winds tonight. What? That's what I'm hearing. Well, what? Yeah, baby. Yeah. B.J. Bon Jovi. Hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey. How do you like the mobile law? Huh? Spaz has to... Get Spaz in here. What now? He's such a loser. Spaz! So Bon Jovi at Trade Winds tonight. Spaz. Why'd you just hang up on all the Columbine people? Because you switched subjects. We were all over the place. We were gonna go back to that. You think we were gonna do 20, 30 minutes on Bon Jovi? It was a quick little joke. And I get yelled at at the beginning of the show. Rick's telling me why are these people waiting on line. We switched subjects. And then I just wanna hang up on them because I get yelled at because we switched subjects. It wasn't like the phones were on fire with all the people trying to get through. You had four calls. No one else calling in. They had something that they wanted to talk about. One lady wanted to complain about the Columbine song we just played. We should give her that right. And you hang up on everybody. But I get... A couple people had copies of the video. I wanna see what the video's all about. I get yelled at about the same thing before. And then I went the other way. Now I'm going the other way. And now you're all in me. Which way do you want me to do it? If I leave them online, then I get yelled at. If I don't leave them online, I get yelled at. Use your head. Right? It wasn't like the phones were exploding and we needed to make room. They were sitting there comfortably waiting for us to talk to them. It was the same situation before. And Rick told me to hang up on them because... So if the people that had the Columbine video... I wanna see what it's all about. They're just going... I'm sorry, brother. That's the argument you just heard. AAAAAAAAHHHHH! AAAAAAAAHHHHH! AAAAAAAAHHHHH! AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH! AAAAAAAAHHHHH! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH! AAAAAAAAHHHHH! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH! AAAAAAAAHHHHH! AAAAAAAAHHHHH! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH! AAAAAAAAHHHHH! AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH! Hahahaha! But Ed, what would you rather do, seriously? DUMBED! Haha! Maybe stay on the Columbine thing a little bit? It's a big story on the news. Or talk about Bon Jovi for a half hour. Um... Let's see. Tough decision there. Uh... I... and joe he said the trade wins that was like who cares i don't know uh... i just watched him like just hanging up on the people i can get some fast enough one by one they all you just want to drop it off the screen and gone gone gone gone no need them back uh... now people have been fallen by joe because the spats graham you don't care this is going to be just great bobby what's up a lot of those go man all right we have uh... yet inside schuchel it down to jersey short driver destiny transport and uh... partially groups and outside dot you're going to be open up for a bond only that's a lie not telling you guys what i like it how much money one of that short i'm a journey part how much money one of them totally serious i will bet you any amount of money that's outside johnny and bruce springsteen will not be at the trade once tonight well i think that i was charged you know how many times did you hear that grown up and so much as they don't know about it how many times you hear that grown up when when i think okay anything else anything else bobby bobby now the hang up comes up there again so i can see that's great uh... at school or should we don't have to someone mentions or you got us uh... remember here not that when you're going out but there's a show that might not be selling too well or needs a little buzz quickly so they'll just like come up with some exaggerated rumor secret uh... special guest going to be showing up tonight at the club i can't really a divulge who that's going to be they usually use the stones is a good one like this some kind of lame band and not many people know ticket sales aren't that great well you know keith richards is supposed to show up on the show up and sit in with the band jam with the band and who knows you know if keith is there maybe mick will show up right do a couple of stones to and so they get the word out you know the show sells out of the packed house to get there and you get you get no keith richards yeah case soft white underbelly tonight at hammerheads joey and joey and how's it going to a pretty good man whether it's not going to happen to me well what do you got now you're on the air i've been breaking his chops for the past three hours and he keeps hanging up on the whilst as a little uh... irritated today those john uh... john uh... my god i've been totally newspaper for hours and now you're torturing us so well alright well i got the video you'll be the city of mt three all my god you know that well this is the number one show in uh... afternoon drive and i'll take a terrific just in case you wonder uh... joey are you listening to yourself and i'm waiting to hear someone talk to me you have nothing to say i have nothing to say to say told you want me to email you just send the video in what's your address uh... you guys thought what's your address the little my god i think i'm on hold you're on hold your own holder i'll call the world what i want to do is uh... i want to plug my dick are and this is the latest takes a valium copy talent that without guys how are you that's not right man and i think that the same here burning one of the you know if they still is why you cursing now i have a lot of uh... uh... it was a t there was one i was a t because now so i sure there was no guys you can play that why are right cause that's not right like you know kids die you know we understand that we didn't say was glorifying the incident i got out against you guys i think you guys are great are you talking as well you like smoke a blunt okay and those guys are cool bro okay wow all of it this is a prime example without it not not the train got well give it a chance train wreck we were doing so well we were on the glide plane and we have clearance to land where jet where where on the glide slow perfect clear whether everything was fine all the sudden we got some of that wind shear toward the end of the show coming in everything's fine all of a sudden uh... i think that is just in from frank uh... from manhattan only they had the skinny and who actually killed jfk but you change subject and spas hung up on me all well i'll keep it to myself frank uh... uh... hello jesus christ no we're not talking about that uh... who's this hermits yet how are you hermits and help us out here you know and uh... and all of the any caller hell hole that were and yes now that they would need to buy the uh... by the columbine police department and it was edited by a guy in the punk columbine fire department and what's its purpose it was made to add the like an instructional tape for other police was supposed to be sent by the speed that's a crock of and yet well i don't know that's what i thought it was a personal video what is it like evidence gathering and you know and like what how you spoke alright with all right so why are they are making this uh... video available available i don't know i thought i was a pop yeah i thought it was just that you could get it at columbine like if you were there when they were selling you can buy it but i don't know was that sure that can be on the internet by the end of the week now yeah it's a it's all over the place i'm hearing like uh... there's empty trees and stuff i mean is it available at the local blockbuster something it's twisted and the claim is some instructional video there they say that well that the police department put it out as you know but it's interpolice you know like they're supposed to look at it so they can get the you know like to see all the the the way the evidence laid out and all that stuff so why did they put the music to it that's the guy in the fire department had done that they had somebody in the you know in the in the department make it and that's the big problem that everybody's freaking out to be put the music to it i guess i thought it would be kind of better than just silences and i don't know it's not small move they might as well just had a cdc play in the background should be a little along i'm serious it's a you know that's a mclaughlin song is annoying uh... as it is so needed as the you know the song that's playing on the show in the columbine uh... aftermath i guess they probably figured out that we're going to catch some flack right for putting out of these people on video and the scene on video anyway so if we put the i will remember you song in the background of almost seem like downplaying it and trying to make it like a tribute to remember and you're going to remember them getting shot you're not going to remember them now alright that's a croc you know i want to know who's getting the money what they're going to use it for and i think that's a good question i meant that's target thanks hermes later for her miss what's your name hermes hermes everyone hermes object in the city keep this quiet and just learned stonetemple pilots are derving plaza elvis is the opening act well really yeah right heard it here first a ten what's going on a guy that i want to write all right uh... i heard i've seen a movie uh... it's not like that one of its called duck the carbine high massacre which is a total like making fun of everything about calm mind by two colleges in new jersey might heard them get arrested for bringing fire arms onto the school grounds or a few months back and then no no no no no but you go to talk to take duck to kate dot com you could see all the stuff about it you know that they make the bible goal you know it blow her head off and all that stuff i know i know i'm probably sound like a crappy caller but i'm sorry at least you identified it indication never because of this crap so the letter now it's called syndication underground oh yes under and i'm in that over and out diamond dot i have a one more on this and then we'll change subjects are as did not hang out many ones up you know i guess that is right on the callers but anyway listed out of the other fine that w any doubt you show this morning sports guy they were talking about it yes got said sure yeah i don't know if it was a caller or are missing feedback whatever but they said that they made the video uh... uh... so they wouldn't catch any litigation cases of some kind of stuff like that so you know it's a little bit i don't know it didn't make any sense to me either but that's what they were saying yes almost all well but we have my theory on the thing that i think they needed to new police cards and new fire trucks they're like hey we got the video when we stop i think i've had it i have had it we were doing so well right up until we took those calls that's the first meltdown we've had a lot of time and then they got to do that to us time to take a break or we're going to try to pull ourselves out of this hole when a meltdown all my god unbelievable you know somebody else and billy well what's up they got to know that you're my job you can't be of that brought the olympics finishing the marathon and just before the finish line she like a lot of it it's probably are you going to have a little bit of a yeah weapon what's going on with uh... you guys you'd be affected by the uh... sad after strike on monday i don't i don't pay attention to strikes and i don't know i mean it i think you know the radio commercial for something to go to just commercial i don't pay attention to i didn't even open any of the envelope that i can i don't even know there is a strike on a uh... will will come across any picket line i don't give a crap i'm getting on the air now it's probably just commercial so i don't know what the hell's going on with that all good so we have no place to go to and calls blow monkey ass columbia response all i know about the union is that uh... you get more money no no we don't know what i want to meet that we came a bloody fortune and then i i sent in like a stupid bill for a chiropractor and that they deny everything and then they just give me a bunch of crap to read about strikes and stuff and i don't know what the hell you guys all i know uh... i don't know what they do for me i don't know what they're doing for me general you got you got your after i don't know i'm in cedric i just got the thing in the mail with the public except no commercial work but what about the dues we pay to this union i swear to god i could feed a family of four for uh... here we are all the areas or all favors and so that i i send in like you know a simple little bad bill i got my teeth clean your or you know chiropractor bill need to know everything so i don't know what why i'm paying them all this damn money yes i think you're in radio what do you clean teeth for and meanwhile the people that work for the cbs and aren't in any union they get benefits anyway through the company so we would get benefits anyway yet but for some reason we got a pay note tons of money the point i'm making is i don't i haven't seen any benefit that's what i mean they don't even get that this would take you have to make certain amount and i can't get anyone on the phone i don't even know what it is no one i have been i've been here two years all all we know is they pretty much put a gun to our heads a pay union dues you try to get a representative on the phone that tell you what you know what you get for your money in your dues i i don't know nothing i have not not a clue what they did they've done nothing for me i call my body i sit on hold for an hour i sent in bills that you know hoping they meant they might pay for me because i i pay all this money to the union now they deny everything that i know they send you the letter with the bill in it that send them more money well yeah i i mean i think i'm not following yet uh... it's a blast i'll tell you about that now i just want to let you know what you live region on i'll do whatever the hell we've been doing on the show i can give a flying f about uh... a strike or anything someone saying how can you best union well maybe your unions good i i really don't know what my unions all about when they do something for me maybe i'll change my mind i don't want to read to try to get the right now if there's anyone well this would be this would be good maybe will finally get the parts of someone i've i'm being honest i have no freaking idea what they do for me i know i pay a lot of money that's a lot of the debt is bill that will read a lot of free kids i know i pay a lot of money and i'm not bashing every union so relax on the phone lines that i'm sure there's some unions out there that do a fine job for the people i'm talking about my personal experience and i have no freaking clue what they do most of all i just left the web page and it's still do it's still going to happen in monday so i would appreciate if i represented of this fine union with uh... give me a call and explain exactly what i'm i'm i'm i'm i'm supposed to get let's talk to pop it had mike who obviously if we're if we're bashing up my own union uh... and he says to how could you best any union he's just blind faith blindly following just because it's a union i don't think that you're right guys later on right uh... mike what's going on top it had might up ahead michael's going on got a pillow but the law yeah i had but the law you know you're going to have that union talking about you don't know what they do for you if they want around and you would know was management take advantage you do whatever they want to push you around they do it anyway they do it anyway and i have a contract so what what the hell they're going to do against my contract well you have to get them out that it would be what they're not going for me i don't know we're talking about our union might maybe your unions great that's great i don't know i don't know why you're not even your union i'm not even i'm not against unions in general but i know the one i'm currently and i have no freaking idea what they do for me and no one around here will tell me what they do for me i can't get a representative on the phone i'm on hold for two hours i had i i send in bills and stuff that supposedly should be paid i get nothing and we try to have a little bit and we pay the people on the union you go out the office and you get some answers and we're going to do a lot of the bus and you run away you go down there you pay them a visit and i think you get everything straight now and we have to get involved because you just can't like any of the only like bob well whatever i had tried to get involved i called is a number you call there's a i i i've wrote i've written stuff i said please someone's you know talk to me what the hell's going on i want to know what that you know what you guys are doing for me what about your all this money to be in a union i want to know i i want to know what i get i understand that if you don't get a go to a doctor for a simple checkup and and you have to pay the entire amount of the pain union dues i think there might be a problem there maybe i'm doing something wrong but i can't get anyone on the line telling what to do if you can get the answer you want to write to the board of trustees and they have to return to have to apply interest the thank you mike you're just getting more pissed off i i'm sure you're you're unions fine i'm not telling you that you have you have to mention complain about it and that's it right now you got answers i don't know if they do for me thank you thank you mike later guys i don't think they've done anything for me i don't think they've done anything for me nathan anthony's union guys been in unions his whole life twenty eight mofo that's right at least it made sense with ten o'clock is and then if i don't pay my dues they start threatening with stuff my home i got a calm down i'll give you more money he's a union rep would come in talk to your management as far as uh... the management went out with ten knocking and they would have a deal and that's what you would get now as far as we're concerned our agent comes in hammers out of the law management signs a contract and the station has to abide by the contract if they renege on that of then the unions is supposed to step in to contact i can hire a free lawyer to step in right i don't care for probably less than that that the union dues are i don't know what they do they're not doing anything for me i'm not striking i don't know that's about i get things from them i come away i guess so much paperwork in envelopes from the the uh... whatever don't get me started but there's a representative that's listening maybe this is a way where you can finally you know contact us and talk to us we have no clue we've been here two years a good chance to get involved right about now i'd rather send the money to uh... you know family that needs it jesus war knows i can feed up a family for serious for the money i paid yeah i'm a little tired of writing checks and sending them to people that uh... aren't doing anything for me uh... steve what's up i had a quick story about that let being fathead roe vial donald yeah a patient and i have my mother's office right for a letter that she's from colmack long island bob lost their life they've missed it yellowfield dot center you know for tickets for our in a fourth this disease ladies in their sixties to go to that entertaining rosie oh yeah i have to go there in an audience of fat uh... housewife and homosexual men and i have a fun time watching rosie push her friggin agenda gray out somebody on sir and there are one of the break she uh... but you know she said people women she's like you're not mrs jones you're an imposter don't want to break such yell at the four ladies i guess that there was a mrs jones who is friend without fat mother and now she thought it was the same mrs johnson colmack let them out karen canada and for a matter of the studio well you'll never see that on camera sidecar this morning will never see that i can't hear a lot of money on camera hard not shall be eat club whatever they are the fat women club all right anything i've ever heard uh... thank you steve yeah it's all about anything i've ever heard of of rosie uh... off-camera you know could be rumors speculation i don't know but i've never heard like nice things any stories people come to me with is like all my god bitch on wheels off-camera bitch on wheels and then there's the allegations that she's a dyke but you know just because i show up at the uh... let you know the w n b a games and you sit there with other uh... uh... all what's going on and i had done family of turkey baster babies uh... but i've never know she wanted to carry the kid she wants more pre-packaged but that's like a fast food restaurant she's used to fast food she wanted babies the same way drive-through give me a kid i want young i want white paul and say that i don't want one of those all reported black kids that are working over sally strove is trying to get us to adopt they are part of your teamster yes i am was that her in the first thing the german system last night we go was that they all ever we got a team sir online and i'm sorry i was i was i was wondering because it was a girl in the uh... german fisting video last night just like rosie o'donnell and boy could she take a fist up to the elbow swear to god i saw those uh... nazi tattooed disappearing teamster paul howard are you doing and what's up a and not the much uh... i am a team to do a two put in hundreds and hundreds of hours i go to the dentist a few months ago i don't know if i was and i'm paying six hundred dollars a year for two i don't want to lean out for the dollars for rukanel while and this is my great union that will be one of the most powerful all right they talk well that's your opinion thank you paul uh... i got to put what you learn why i learned yeah i'll make fun of after i think they're all a bunch of artistic fags but i think this story again support your pal uh... i love the team states on show of gay brother uh... i thought i would uh... and i i i don't know you make fun after you get a ballet shoe lop up side your head you know you make fun of the things that's can be done come to the house and with the crowbar you can get hit with a microphone we need them students at night that night n  uh... halfway night and going   i leaf grilling returns a basic and who henry uh... yes mbam hug time here at the mike cable would you please bang bang and i think bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang how'd you like to know my law god just a flaming fag hey screw you okay brother can we see your stuff god i'm just a flaming fag can we see your stuff donnie patty hey can we see your stuff pull her pants down look at my panties look at my panties can't do it the same time for having a war i know my panties i don't have any more fun clips of you virgin girls gay terrific haha whoa haha well done haha hey whoa coming ouch coming ouch coming are you my pal ouch haha haha excuse me while i whip this out what are you people calling so you use your tongue prettier in a twenty dollar whore haha haha shut up yeah sure haha haha oh man this is so intense haha ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch ouch haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha haha okay terrific haha haha is she happy with her large boobs haha haha haha terrific be quiet sir haha haha haha haha haha haha i just don't know when to stop call me captain grudge haha haha haha haha haha haha yes thats right in haha known ho haha  ho daar You sit right next to Anthony. Can someone put a frickin' band on him or something? I demand a little respect. Can we see your stuff? Yeah baby, I've lost my mojo. Coming, coming, coming. Ouch! Stupid! You're so stupid! Okay, great. Okay, okay. Pull her pants down. This is degenerated. Oh man, this is so tense! I'm done. Yeah. Put a fork in me, I'm done. Wow. Well, we apologize for the last half hour with radio. Yeah. Something happened. Something must have happened to him, man. Alright, we'll see you guys tomorrow too for FU Friday, right? Shane McMahon calling in tomorrow? Yeah. It sounds like Stone Cold Steve Austin is on SmackDown tonight. That should be very, very exciting. That starts at 8 o'clock, right? Channel 9, I believe? Yeah. Alright, so check it out. We'll talk about it tomorrow and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Blah, blah, blah, blah. A last night show, people couldn't get out of their cars. Tonight, they can't get out of them fast enough. Guys, I almost hit the guard rail. I fell asleep. Alright, Ben Stein tomorrow too, I think.