 The grossest thing I've ever heard in my life. ONA, my two new favorite whores. You guys are really horrible. OPA and Anthony. What a couple of asswipes. 1027. WNEW. It's the ONA Show. Pay for Tuesday, April 25th, 2000. Yeah. I'm hearing things. I'm hearing things. I'm hearing things. I'm hearing things. I'm hearing things. I'm hearing things. I'm hearing things. I'm hearing things. I'm hearing things. I'm hearing things. I'm hearing things. I'm hearing things. Oh yeah. Boy, everyone looks so happy in the hallway. Why are all the newspapers calling the OPA and Anthony show today? I'm hearing things. I don't understand. Can't confirm it myself, but I'm hearing things. Huh. That's fascinating. Ah, what a mess. That's fascinating. Ah. Phone line, 212-757-1027. The fax line, 212-957-9639. Ah. Ah. Hearing things. Hello? Yeah. Hello, boss? Oh, it's our Southern boss. How you doing? Hey, I'm here. We're here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. Hey, boss. How you doing? God damn doing good, boss. Let me just tell you. We've been, we've been. Wait, can I preface this by saying this is what we heard about two hours ago now. Yeah. Yeah. Two hours. Sorry, sorry. Continue. Hey, boy. I've been thumbing through some of the paperwork here that we like to call the ratings. The ratings, yes. The ratings, that's what I said. The ratings. God damn. God damn. Jesus Christ, I don't know how the hell you did it. I'm looking through the ratings here. Yeah. 1834 men. Yeah. You boys are number one. God damn. 2554 men. Yeah. God damn, you're number one. I don't understand how this happened. Sir, how about 1849 men? Let me look here. Okay. Please, God. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I don't understand. I never, God damn. You're number one? I'm number one. You boys seemed to be the highest book you have gotten since you've been at NAW. Well, thank you, sir. Now I'm very proud of you. And we knew you would do this because you're very talented boy. Yeah. I saw that when I met with you three minutes before you were hired. Right. But I gotta tell you something. What? I'm the son of a value. I told you about it. Really, sir? Yeah. On the one hand, you yourself were a good employer. What, you're going to congratulate us? Well, OK. That too. Congratulations. Going to send us some gifts, maybe? Some champagne so we can celebrate? Maybe some Cuban cigars or something? No. No. No. Well, what? You've done a fine job for the company. OK. We want you here a long time. Yes. Growing, as you have. Yeah. Yeah. But goddamn, one more stunt line gift, and you're out the door. I don't care what your numbers are. I don't care your number one. But 85-year-old nuns, you will be gone like crap to a goose. Am I making myself clear? Yeah, but today, shouldn't we just be celebrating the fact that we did pretty well in the ratings here in New York? I got to keep you boys in check. You don't understand. You boys screw up, and the heat comes down on me. Don't you understand? But don't you understand that this is why we do well in the ratings, because we're so out of control? You boys, you don't understand. You are out of control. Yeah. You've got to be smart, not stupid. You boys are stupid. The number one stupid is what you are. I don't know who the hell's listening to you. They must be stupid, too. Well, sir, there are listeners. We don't want you calling our listeners stupid. I don't care who they are, as long as I never got to meet them. They, quite frankly, are scared the crap out of me. Well, they scare the hell out of us sometimes, too, sir. Goddamn. Yeah. But like I said, good job. Thank you. Very impressed. Very good job for the company. Thank you. You're company boys. I like that. That's right. And you've done a fine job. Yeah. But one more error. I swear to God you will feel my boot in your ass, and you will not work in this country again, in this industry. We own everything, and I think next week we're trying to buy Baskin Robbins. So you won't even be able to make a high-spin call. Sir, now that we're number one. Do we own all the people, Hans? Yeah, pretty much. I think we're going to put it all into it, and I make a merger. Sir, this is like the third book in a row. We've been number one in all the key demos. Yeah. So could we start talking about maybe syndicating the show? Oh, boy, now that is funny. God damn, you boys are all funny. Syndicate what? Syndication. Yeah, that's the right word. God damn, that's funny, boy. OK, you boys keep it up. Bye. Oh, that was a clear answer. Well, that's pretty much what we heard a couple hours ago. We're still stupid. We're still stupid. It doesn't matter. But we're number one again in all the key demos. Best book since moving back to New York. Thank you guys. Thank you very, very much. Stupid! You're so stupid! Well, if that's what it takes to get good ratings, we'll continue being stupid. We don't care. We don't care. Oh, my god, the boss. Well, I'm hearing rumors that we did really well. Yeah. Really well. So we want to thank our listeners. It is the People's Radio Show. We got to do something. If it was up to me, I want to go out right after the show and just buy beers for our listeners. Can we do that? We need a place. If we can find a place, I think we can do it. If we grab some bar in Midtown, and we'll just buy beers for the listeners. We got to thank them. Absolutely. It's their show, too. We're just the figureheads of this radio show. Yes. Our listeners are a huge part of this, so we got to celebrate with them. Yeah, you bastards got to take some responsibility for this mess. Can't just be us. Some of the best stuff that gets on the radio is from you guys. For the love of god. Yeah, we need to find a bar. Our regular places like Hooters and La Barbat, they kind of booked. They're out of business. I think they closed Hooters. I'm not really sure. They closed Hooters officially? Supposedly for renovation. For renovation. For renovations. And our pals at La Barbat have something else going on with another radio station I'm hearing. Oh my god. So we need to find just a cool bar that'll have, I don't know, 300 to 500 of our listeners so we can buy them a beer. Yeah, we'll shove in there and buy a few beers. We're in Midtown. That's where we need it. Yeah, anywhere in the area. We don't know where to go. We're being honest. There's no other places around the station that we can think of. So if anyone has an idea, you own a place, and you're a fan of the show, and you want to help us out, here's your chance. You're a bar owner. If you want a relationship with the station and the show and stuff, give us a call. We'd love to come down after the show, drink a few beers. Yeah. So we want to thank the listeners. Definitely want to thank Rick, our producer, working his ass off. Well, you can. Nah, this is, I mean, we'll start goofing on him like after this, but we want to thank Rick. Want to thank Spaz. Want to thank Stinky. Want to thank John. Want to thank Ben. And of course, Psycho Mark. Oh, yes. We have a huge story as far as Psycho Mark goes. Yeah, what, he almost got arrested last night? He almost got arrested last night. Wow made it on TV again last night. And Stinky was treated like Abner Loema. Ah, correct. Well, we got to find Stinky. We haven't heard from him since he was cuffed from last night. That's all we'll say right now. Yeah. So Stinky, if you're out there, you need to call the show, OK? We'll get into that story and other things. We'll go to the phones next, of course. Our phone line, 212-757-1027. But once again, thank you to you guys. We're hearing very good things about the ratings that came out a few hours ago, and we greatly appreciate it, OK? It's been a long, long two years. Don't get carried away, god damn it. Why not? Get all full of yourself, because I swear to god, by tomorrow you'll be back in the dog house again with one foot out the door and another on a skateboard. I'm crap to you now. What's it going to take to make that damn guy happy down there? Nothing. Nothing. My buddy. I don't think we can do any better in the ratings, and the guy still yells at it. I'd love to get him on the phone, man, and say, and just to ask him straight out, on the air. You know, what do you think? Are we progressing in your mind? Are we better off than we were when we first came here? How do we stand with you and the company? Right. For the love of god. Right. He gives us these backhand compliments always. Totally backhanded compliments. It's like he congratulates you for 30 seconds and yells at you for lies. I don't know how, but you've done it. Right. It's like a thanks? What? Thank you. I think, sir. I think. Right. I don't even remember what he looks like. My image of him is a speaker phone. Just a crackly speaker phone. What are you going to do? Yeah, because usually it's like, hold on, sir. I'll get Anthony, sir. And then we put him on the speaker phone. It's so funny when that's the exact way we hear him. Our boss is on the regular handset phone, and he has to do the preliminary. It's like, yes, no, I know. Yeah. OK. No, we understand. Yeah, they're right here. OK, hold on. And he puts the receiver down and hits the speaker thing. It's like, OK, Opie and Anthony are here in the office. I can hear me. Yeah, we hear you. Yeah, we can hear you. What the hell are you boys doing? And it's just like a window shake. It's a rattly little speaker phone speaker, so it sounds even worse. Nothing makes him happy. I forgot what he looks like. The best was today, though. Well, I got the ratings here. Yeah. Looks like your boys did real well. Just like you did it, man. Good job, very good, very good for the company. Company. Company. But it don't matter. The more your ratings go up, the more it don't matter. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. All right. Love that guy. We got Kevin from Privilege. Wow, getting 300 or 400 of our listeners into a strip club after the show. Oh, yeah. Beards are on us, though, they're saying. That means we don't even have to buy them. Oh. Oh, no. That could be ugly. Oh, no. They don't understand what our listeners can do in a strip club. They're pretty cool. All right. We'll see what happens. We're going to try to figure out something, but we want to just go out and have a beer with you guys and thank you. Yeah. And buy the first beer. Yeah, why not, man? We'll buy the first beer until we run out of money and then you're on your own. All right, man. Let's take a break, OK? Yeah, let's get set. We'll go right to the phones next. We have a great story, Psycho Mark and Stinky, almost arrested last night. We have brand new Wow stickers that we're going to be giving out all over the damn tri-state area. I think we're going to have some to give away right outside the building all day long here today. We've got to work that out. How come when, like, Reverend Al is walking around and he gets arrested, it's like nothing? There's no scuffle. There's nothing. He's just arresting him. You barely even know he was being arrested. It looks like he's being escorted away. But when anyone from our show has a confrontation with the police, I swear to God it looks like the Watts riots. On the ground, knee in the back. I can't wait to get into this story. We'll do it right after commercials, I promise. Everyone's on hold. Felony wowing? Because a lot of people saw it. Look at all the phone lines. Oh, yeah. I didn't see it live. Ben had to tell me as soon as I walked in today. The tape is classic. And we'll get Psycho Mark in here in just a bit. Stay there. Our phone number, 212-757-1027. Hey, this is Jim Brewer, and I've been up since, like, oh, I don't know, yesterday. And the only thing that gets me going, Hammer, is OP and Anthony. I'm talking in 1027. WNEW, Hammer, I got a P. Welcome to Call Over. Don't you have any self-respect? Aren't you embarrassed to be self for your family? Open your mouth for me. You inhuman slime! 1027 WNEW. Oh, boy. Ha ha ha. Just trying to figure out where to go after the show today. See, real hard decisions. Ha ha ha. If you're just tuning in, we're hearing rumors. Well, we have confirmed it with the Southern boss. We just don't know how well we did, but Ann and I just killed in the ratings. Thank you. We love that. Every three months, we get an ulcer. And then the ratings come out, and we feel good for a day. And then it's back to being crapped on. Yeah. Great. Yeah, that's how it works. But before we go back to that, we want to, like, celebrate with you guys today. We have a bunch of strip clubs checking in. They want to give us free beer. Not Ann and I. We're talking the listeners, free beer. That's just crazy. Yeah, well, that's what we want to do. We want to, after the show, get together with some of the listeners to help bring us up in the ratings to where we are. Thank you. All right, listen, this is the deal. We honestly don't know where we're going yet. We're going to try to go somewhere right at 7. We'll get there by 7.20 or so, because we have to pack up. Just keep listening to the radio. This isn't a radio tease. We really don't know where we're going yet, because we We're going to go to, like, La Barbat, but they're busy with another party or Hooters. And Hooters is closed. We have to find a new place. Some of the contenders for where we will be going after the show, this is going to be good. This could be a very good thank you to the listeners. The problem is, they're small places. When we announce it, man, you've got to just get there immediately, because there's no way we're going to get everyone inside. And Ann and I are pretty much behind the first round. Or the club, in some cases. The club is now saying, screw you guys. You guys should have some free beer, too. So now they're saying they'll take the tab. What? Maybe we can buy a round, and the club can buy a round. Us, our listeners, like to drink. Yeah, we can handle that, because that's what we truly want to do. So stick around for that, OK? Couple of those places. The scenery would be very nice in the club, too, wouldn't it? Well, we said a bunch of strip clubs want to throw us a little congratulatory beer party. What a thank you for the listeners, that would be. Being able to just hang out in the strip club. God damn. We did warn these places of what damage our listeners could do, right? OK, as long as they know. As long as they know. Cool. All right, we'll have it figured out very, very soon. Another hour? We have to give people time to get there. All right, I guess, Anna, we're definitely going out after the show. Yeah. OK, we're definitely going out after the show. We're definitely doing something in Midtown Manhattan in general. OK, because we're checking out some places all over the place. So just kind of circle the area and wait, and we'll let you know where we're going to be, OK? Going to orbit. You'll be very, very happy, though. We've got to just make sure everyone's cool with this, management, the club, things like that, OK? And then, there goes Ben to check on it right now. He's going down the hall. Then we are going to party. We are going to partay. And thank you, guys. All right, let's go to the phones, Anthony. A big night on TV last night. Dave, what's up? Hey, guys. How are you, man? Dave? Listen, I was watching the ABC News last night, and I saw this guy. He was a broadcaster, and your guy came up with the big wow sign. Well, first of all, I think it was what? Channel 11? Channel 11. Channel 7. Channel 7, too? Yeah, ABC had it on. All right. I think you're talking about Channel 11. No, ABC had one, too? Hold on. Yeah, Psychomag got into a live feed. I guess there was a live broadcast on ABC. What, you got on Channel 7 and 11 last night? I did. Yeah. What were you accosted for? But the problem was with Channel 11, right? Yes. Yeah. I saw the cops chasing after my Channel 11. That was the funniest thing, laughing cops chasing after Psychomag. And then all of a sudden, it's stinky. The wow sign's off the air, and the cops are like chasing after them. Yeah, you see three or four cops running down the road. We're going to get Psychomag telling the story in a second here. And this is the second time that this reporter has been floundered. What's his name? I forget. That was when the two guys, Anthony and his buddy, Steve, they put the sign in front of his face, and he got all scared. Remember that one? Oh, that's the guy? Yeah, it's the same guy. What's his name? Rob, what's up? Hey, Rob. Hey, you're on the air. You're dope. Rob, last chance. You're on the air. Hello? Hey. Hey, what's going on? This is the reason why we're number one, because our listeners are so quick and with it. Yeah, I'm totally convinced that you're listening as stupid as you guys. OK. I see some guy running behind Channel 11 with an upside down wow sign. I know. That was stinky. That's why he's the clone of Spies. He had his chance to get the wow sign on TV last night, and he did it upside down. He was holding a mom sign. Yeah, then the cops started chasing him. First, the cameraman from Channel 11 started chasing him. We've got to have Psycho Mark and Stinky come in so they could talk about it. But the cameraman left the camera. He's doing a live broadcast. The reporter's in front of the camera doing his little thing. Stinky comes up and starts waving the upside down wow banner. Good job, Stinky. The cameraman just bolts away from his post, leaves the camera to beat the crap out of Stinky. He's chasing him down the street. Then you see three or four cops run by the camera. You see the sergeant run by. And then in the background, you see Psycho Mark running after Stinky to make sure he's going to be OK. And if you have a tape of last night's wowing on Channel 11, look closely in the background, way in the background, you see Psycho Mark running down the sidewalk. Run past. Run past, checking out Stinky to make sure he's OK. Tries to recover the banner. And then before he knows it, he's up against the wall, getting good. It's just a mess. Well, let's get Psycho Mark in here. Psycho Mark, let's go. Mike, what's up? Hey, what's up? How are you? I'm OK. How's it going? Good. They had a, the best part about it was the camera man came out of the left part of the screen, and his lips were clenched, like he wanted to beat his butt bad. He wanted so bad to punch somebody. Yeah. Like, you guys, you could like a Tom Green show. You guys were so funny. It was so funny last night. It was the second time. I'm watching the news, a guy trying to say how Hillary Clinton's inside kissing butt. And then all of a sudden, he comes out of nowhere, with the upside down side. It was so funny. He just came out of the darkness from beyond. Oh, you guys, let me tell you something. You guys made Mike rise home so much better, and it's great. I just want to tell you a quick joke for you. You guys probably heard it already. Yeah. Why didn't Bill Clinton get involved with the Ewing-Gonzalez case? Why? Because you know what happened the last time he tried to play for Cuban. Yeah. You didn't like it? It's all right. All right. Take care, guys. Good job, man. Bye. What's the name of the reporter? Because he was the reporter that got the tiny wow sign put directly in front of his face. He was doing a live report about a month and a half ago, and the guy yelled something like, ugh. Yeah. No, you're going to go, hey. Hey. He put the sign in front of his face, and the reporter got the crap scared out of him. And that was the same camera guy that chased after Steve and Anthony, too. This camera guy, he could, oh, you should have seen his face. He wanted blood. I'm screaming a stinky. I'm going, red, stinky, red. I was blanky stinky trying to run down the street with a cameraman chasing him, and then the cops chasing him. All right, let's get the whole story from Psycho Mark. He's in the studio. Obviously, they were reporting on the Clintons in town and Al Gore in town, right, at the fundraiser or whatever it was. And it was too good to be true. It was right around the corner from the home here, home base. So you did Channel 7 and 11 last night? I didn't know it was Channel 7. I just saw a big network feed with a satellite truck. And a lot of times, they'll use one truck for a bunch of different things. And I saw him. He was going live, and so was I. So I did that one first. And then I got Ben on the phone, and he helped me coordinate the second one with Channel 11. I was making sure he was watching TV. And he gave me the cue. Yeah, that's the best when you have somebody watching TV at home so they could tell you, OK, he's live. Go in now. So he's just like a Navy SEAL on the other line going, go, go, go, go. Forward observer. Forward observer. Well, what we got to explain with what everyone got to see at home was the reporter was on one side of the street. You were across the street in front of the hotel, I guess, right? Pretty much, yeah. And all of a sudden, while the guy's doing the live report, you see this sign come out of the darkness. The debut. The debut of the new huge wow sign. The brand new wow logo. And you had to run in between traffic, because there was a lot of traffic. And it was time. You claimed it perfect. It claimed it in time. So all of a sudden, the guy is doing his report. And now there's just this huge wow sign behind him. And you're jumping up and down in the middle of traffic. And then what happened from there? We were screening like lunatics. And then all of a sudden, the camera guy drops everything. I'm going, holy ass. I can't believe he's dropping his post. And he makes a beeline right from me and Stinky. So we retreat right back across the street. And thank God there was no traffic. You guys didn't even look. You just ran into the street. I was like, I'd rather get hit by a bus than this guy, because he's really pissed. He wanted to choke us. So one isn't good enough, Opie. So we get back. But wait, wait, wait. So what happened after that? They chased you. They couldn't get you. So they just left you alone? All I hear on the phone is Ben screaming his brains out. You got it. You got it. There we go. Not only that, they had gone from his live shot to a filmed clip. And they were waiting to come back to another live shot. So the camera guy couldn't go running off. He had to stay at his post, because they were setting up for another live shot in about a minute when they get through with the film. So they couldn't leave well enough alone. They got the wow on. They escaped unscathed, pissed off another camera man. Mission accomplished. But no, they got to go back for more. So we're standing right after the first one. We're hooting and hollering. There's a bunch of cops standing around. They're all laughing. They thought it was the best thing in the whole world. The Instinctia giving high fives. We're like, we got them. We got them. How quickly victory turns to defeat. The thrill of victory and the agony of defeat. All of a sudden, they were the guy on the skis falling off the side of the ski jump. So I'm on the phone with Ben again. He goes, dude, they're about to go back. They're about to go back. So we had the sign all screwed up. So I just handed it to the Stakey. I said, go ahead. You unravel the sign as fast as you can. And as he was unraveling the sign, I'm like, go, go, go. Get on fast. And that's when Stakey ran across by himself with the upside down wow sign. Stupid! You're so stupid! It was pretty funny to see it upside down though. Yeah, it was. And Stakey, his onscreen debut, just looking all dopey and everything with the upside down sign. Jumping up and down with the upside down. It was Marvin Scott, by the way. Thank you. Marvin Scott. Marvin once again getting pounded. Mark on line eight with that. Thank you. And Mark almost got him killed. Because remember, you said, oh watch, look, these two cabs almost hit him. Yeah, because the video is classic. Because you see these cabs just missing Stakey. The second sortie wasn't as clean as the first one. Well, the cameraman chases Stakey. And I am not kidding you, a block and a half down the street. Well, the funniest thing, right when the cameraman bolts from behind his camera, now he's in front of the camera. You see him run, and he is so pissed, he's biting his lip. And you see Stakey's face, like he looks. He sees the cameraman is ready to bolt at him. He looks all scared and just runs. You see him run off the right side of the screen. And the cameraman starts chasing. Now the attention of the cops, they got the attention of the cops, so the cops are on camera looking around. And then they slowly start moving towards the right side of the screen. And they can see a sergeant coming over, three more cops coming over. They're all just running from the left side of the screen and running through the right side of the screen. And don't forget the shadowy figure in the back. And then way in the back on the other side of the street, lurking, you see Psycho Mark across the screen. Because you want to make sure Stakey is all right. I was going right after Stakey. So now I don't understand how Stakey ran. Now he's being chased by the camera guy, by the police. And why doesn't he keep running straight? That question I don't know the answer to. But he doubles back. He doubles back. Run towards me and literally almost comes by me. And then the camera man goes right by me. And the camera man trips Stakey. The camera man sticks his foot out, trips Stakey, who does a header into the side of the Channel 11 news van. He does everything we missed, Ed, wasn't on camera? I missed it all. Oh my god. So he trips and he just, boop, boop. He drops the banner in the middle of the street. So here's the TV guys on top of Stakey trying to joke with myself. And then within two seconds, there's five cops on Stakey. So I go for the wild sign. I grab the wild sign and say, well, these are the wild sign. I grab the wild sign. I'm like, screw it. I better get out here myself. So I screw around the corner. Next thing you know it, there's three cops grabbing me, pushing me up against the wall. Boom. Where are you going? You're coming with us. I get dragged back over to the Channel 11 van. They throw me right up against the side. There's Stakey on the ground on time. OK? With a cop on his back. He was hot-tied. They had him cuffed and stomped. He's looking up to me going, I didn't know what he was doing. I didn't know. There was a cop on his neck, like right on his neck. Ouch. I'm knocked by his mouth. Ouch. So the cameraman screams, you two, these guys, you two are going to jail. Oh. So next thing you know, we're both put up against the van. Virgin. It's Stakey in prison. Virgin. Hey. Virgin. He's a nightstick virgin. Virgin. So he was hot-tied, really? Dude, they had him cuffed and stomped. Like a Boston crab. How is he holding up under the pressure? So do you see his face? He's looking up at you. His face is like on the side of the pavement, like this. You know? Hey, guys, I didn't do anything. He's just looking up at me. And I'm standing up against the van. I can't make a move. They're like, you guys, we could have shot you too. Oh, yeah. They thought we robbed somebody. Because we were running so fast, they thought we pickpocketed the cameraman. Not too much police in the area since the president and first lady and vice president. Oh, yeah. It was the first time all three of them were in town at the same time. Like a mere few yards away from the president of the United States and the vice president. So I mean, they are on extra guard at any problem. And Psycho Mike thinks it's a good time to do a second wowing. I feel like I'm out of your mind. It was jerk fun. Stinky was voted queen of the weight room prom. So you guys did not have to go down the station house. Well, I won't mention any names. But there was probably about 15 to 20 cops surrounding us. Not to mention like 100 people just standing there in total amazement as to what's going on. And I didn't do nothing. I didn't do nothing. Deny. Kiss my ass. Deny, deny, deny. You kissed my ass. I don't know what you're talking about. First of all, I saw him causing a rug to fall off. I saw him causing a rug. Get your hands off of me, you son of a bitch. I ain't going to my house, my house. So one of the big way cops says, I want them sent down and send them through the system. I am literally. Melanie Wowing. Oh, yeah. You've got the sweat dumps at this point. What's the charge? What's the charge for putting a sign in front of a camera? Disturbing the peace or something. Disturbing the peace, really? We caused a major disturbance. He said you saw the tape. Yeah, I guess so. I think the cameraman caused more of a disturbance. Yeah, the cop, that head cop was so mad. It didn't matter. He would have charged us with cocaine possession. It didn't matter at that point. They're going down for something. Jail. But the funny part was a lot of cops really then found out who we were. It was like a mark and stick. Well, first of all, obviously we love the cops. And they listen to the show. A lot of cops are fans of this show. You put them in a bad position. They're like, oh, man, I'm a fan of the show, but oh, geez. I got a rest. It's like, oh, no. I'm sorry, I'm just going to kill them if I don't do it. The idea that they're all standing by giggling and laughing is just, I love it. I love it. Even in the tape, you can see the cops laugh. That's the funniest part. The cops that are slowly walking over to the melee that's happening by the news band, you see them shaking their head and laughing. They're like, oh, boy, it's like a mark. You know what? I've got to say, though, this is only the second best wowing that you've been part of. Oh, what was the first one? Number one is still where you check the report line. Oh, and the sidewalk is icy in front of the Letterman studio. They came running up with the wow sign, tried to stop it, slid right into the reporter, live on the air. And then the news band, the doors flung open like the SWAT van. They all came out and piled on top of them. So now there's a fight while the guys are trying to do a live. It amazes me how angry these people get at a friggin' sign behind their reporter. Oh, man. Wow. They lose it. Their wow sign looks great, I've got to tell you. It shows up really well. It's got Opie and Anthony on it, any W on it, even upside down. Even upside down. Wow, that's really funny. What a story. I think he's on his way in so we could grill him about this. He could be here any moment. You should see the scars on him from the pavement. Really? Well, when the cops take you down and put you on the pavement, they don't care that it's pavement. They're going to squish your face into it, put the neck, put the knee into the neck. That's it. Well, they had him good. It was really funny. Oh, that is too friggin' funny. I feel bad for the poor reporter, though. Boy, we'd goose him. How many times has he been goosed? Second time. That's the second time Marvin's been pounded by a wow sign. Dude, every time he does a live broadcast now, he's going to be looking over his shoulder and looking at the right. No one is safe. Well, here's the danger. The wow thing's going to go to the next level now because we got in today 170,000 wow stickers. Brand new wow stickers. Not the lousy little window clings we had last time. These are authentic stickers. You can stick them virtually anywhere, Opie. Yeah, they're big. You're going to love these damn things. Right. They have an attitude to them. Good job. If you want to be the first person with a wow sticker and you're in the area, we're going to be outside the Brooklyn diner all day just handing these damn things out to our listeners. Handing them out. And when we celebrate tonight because we had a pretty damn good ratings book, possibly at a strip club, we're still trying to find out. We'll bring a ton of wow stickers down there as well, okay? You know something? What? You can't even almost promise a strip club and not deliver. Once you say it, you have to do it. Like, what are we going to do? Oh, it was going to be a strip club, but this is good, an English pub. How about Chuck E. Cheese? We could play some darts instead of looking at big nips. I mean, come on, now we're going to have to deliver. What about our ten female listeners, though? They're going to be dancing. Yeah. All right, so that's a great story. Brand new wow stickers. Of course, you guys know what to do. You've got to get the wow on TV. Psycho Mark risking his life at this point to get the wow on TV. You're like on America's Most Wanted. I couldn't believe it. They see you coming out too and it's so funny. They all know who you are. It's hilarious. They're so scared. A lot of the news crews have now taken to doing the broadcast from the top of the vans. They park in Times Square, climb up onto the top of the van. It's pretty cool when it's a chick. You can look right up her skirt. Why don't you make that up while you're doing your makeup. All right, who's going outside with the brand new wow stickers? Psycho Mark? Psycho Mark. You've got to meet your public. They're going to want to high-five you. Say hi to everyone's favorite felon. Psycho Mark. Psycho Mark will be right outside the Brooklyn diner there. 57th and 7th, sort of. Right there, right? Lee Harvey Mark. Lee Harvey Mark. Jesus Christ, the President and Vice President of the United States. The Vice President are right there. There's Secret Service everywhere last night. Did you see all the Secret Service? Dude, it was in cops everywhere. Plane clothes, uniform. The big Suburbans cruising up and down the road. Oh yeah, it was unbelievable. And Psycho Mark chooses to make a disturbance. Put it this way. If you were down by Battery Park making a disturbance, Secret Service would have found you. That's how many. Psycho Mark, yards away from the hotel that the President is at. You could see the hotel in the shot. It's Sheridan right there in the shot. He was still inside at that point. You are nuts. Psycho Mark. I should have ran a round on R.P.Junior. Oh yeah. See how fast you would have been dead. Well, you're living up to your name there. It's tough. Someone's got to do it. At least he would have done it during the fall of the Spring Ratings book. If you're going to get shot by Secret Service, please do it now. During this. All right, so you're going to take a pile of these Brandy Wow stickers down outside the Brooklyn Diner. We're going to be out there off and on all day long with them. Be the first one on your block with them. Be the first one to put one on Marvin Scott's head. Poor Marvin. I think Marvin's the one that deserves the A-bomb. Don't you think? He's the charm, man. Marvin Scott doing his news broadcast. Oh no, up in the sky, look, it's the Anonymous. My silver fuselage is blistering in the sun. The bomb bay door is open. And you see the convo of death. The atomic bomb in her belly. Well, dude, the best part was the cameraman ran away. If I had stood behind him, there would have been no one to chase me. I could have grabbed Marvin and gave him a hug. Dude, you know what? Perfect. Get this. Next time when you have Stinky, the cameraman chases him, you take the camera. Yes! And start chasing the cameraman. And then no tape of Jason Stinky. What I would do is just play cameraman and just focus on Marvin Scott's crotch while he's still trying to do his live show. Hey, we're going to pause you in his pants. Can we see your stuff? Oh wow. That is very good. What a pisser. All right, so what time will you be out there? Like in 10 minutes? Yeah, we'll head down there in about quarter of four. Quarter of four, if you want. The brand new Wow sticker. They just came in. I mean, we're opening the boxes as we speak here. Yeah, outside the Brooklyn diner, it's like 57th and 7th. Very psyched. These things got attitude. They really do. They really do, so. We'll be out there starting at quarter to four. And stay tuned for when we announce where we're going to be after the show. Yeah. Are we allowed to do it? Not yet. Who are you checking with? Just a couple minutes. We're working on it. All right. We just want to give people time to join us. They'll have enough time. All right. All right. Wind outlings. I want to make Wow valve stem caps. You screw them on your tires. All right, and as we go to break here, it's the lies of steel. Oh yeah. People love this little thing. We'll be back. Stay there. But not anymore. The second I put in the Bill Clinton workout video, that all went away. Lies of steel. It shrinks accountability in just four short hours. But wait, there's still more. Listen to this special offer. Order my four hour videotape, Lies of Steel, and get the joy of phone sex absolutely free. Lies of steel. All right, let's see your smirks. Smirk. One, two, three, smirk. A Scrooge production. Deny. Deny. Deny. Hey Anthony, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Yes. Great way to show your secretary that you care about her. Tomorrow is Secretary's Day, I'll be sure. Do we have a secretary? Do we? Yeah. No. I don't think so. Who is? Oh Rick. Rick. Please. Hey Stinky's here. We'll talk to him in a second. Cool. Stinky's a felon. Look at him. All right, sorry. Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Yes, Secretary's Day is tomorrow, Anthony. Yeah. Do something different this year. You're an exceptional assistant with a Bear Graham gift from the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. A great way to show your appreciation in the way that it's original and fun. Your assistant receives a beautiful bear, handcrafted in Vermont, delivered with a personalized card and candy in a colorful gift box. Sorry, I'll be. All you have to do is call the bear counselor at 1-800-829-BEAR. They help you choose the right bear. You give them a little info about the person you want to send the bear to and they help you out. Now for Secretary's Day, the real boss bear, the business bear or the voodoo boss bear? I guess you stick pins in that one if your boss pees you off. Well, we would really like one of those from the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Yeah. I forgot you're a Vermont Teddy Bear. Yeah. I got that voodoo boss bear. Yeah, you like it. You like it, boss. That's still wonderful. Yeah. Yeah. Did you take the pin out of the car? I swear to God it came sit down. Now you'll be having to do it. Your assistant will love getting their bear delivered to the office and everyone at work will think you're the most thoughtful boss ever, Anthony. A bear grand gift is a creative change of pace from flowers and will be enjoyed forever. Mother's Day right around the corner. This is a great gift for Mother's Day as well, right, Anthony? Yes. It really is. We've all given bears to people in our lives and, man, the reaction you get is really, really good. Call 1-800-829-BEAR or shop online at vermontteddybear.com. The creative alternative to flowers for Secretaries Day, Mother's Day or any occasion. That's 1-800-829-BEAR. Tell them Opie and Anthony sent you from N.E.W. And action. I can't go one afternoon without spanking my junk. Okay, terrific. And cut. Opie. Anthony. 1027. WNEW. Speaking of, okay, terrific, Joe's on the line. Joe, what's up? What's up, fellas? How are you, buddy? You're live on the radio, man. Cool, man. You guys just got okay terrific on the People's Court when they go out into the street and ask the schlups what they think about the court case. Yeah, all the live little thing they do out on the street, yeah. Yeah, when they go with the Indian guy and the old guy with no teeth, yeah. Yeah, they asked this guy and he said, hey, they did an okay terrific job. Okay, terrific. Come up, come down, there you go. Ah, cool, man. Thanks, Joe. Hi, brother. Hi. Part of our language now, isn't it? Yes, it is. Paul, what's up? Hey, they just did an okay terrific on the People's Court. Yeah. Okay, terrific. Everyone's calling in with that, man. They went to the street? Yeah. Yeah, it's messed up. Everybody's saying it now. Okay, terrific. Okay. He did an okay terrific job. Thank you, Paul. Okay, you guys suck. Okay. All right, man. Also, reports coming in, there's a wow on MTV, TRL. Once again, we struck. A huge white sign with red letters. Cool. Nice. Chris from Jersey letting us in on that one. Speaking of wow, we got the brand new wow stickers in today. Very excited. Very proud of these stickers. These are the stickers we want you guys to have. Those are the ones we wanted the first time around, but they went with those dopey color form window clings that no one put on their cars because they suck. You couldn't see them. A lot of people now have SUVs with tinted back windows or the cars with tinted back windows. Yeah. It's ridiculous. Yeah, this shows an attitude and we want everyone to have them. Matter of fact, Psycho Mark is leaving the building within the next few minutes with the first batch of wow stickers. He's handing them out on the streets of New York. He's going to be outside the Brooklyn Diner, 57th and 7th. So if you're in the area, please stop by and get yourself a sticker, okay? Absolutely. And then a little later today, we're still trying to work out the details, but we want to have a beer with you guys. We found out that we just killed in the ratings. Thank you. Number one in all the main demos, the demos that matter most to us. Yes. Men 1834, number one. Men 1849, number one. Men 25 to 54, number one. Rock. Thanks to the ladies too. Yeah. I mean really. I mean, you know, we know you're out there, but we know, we hear you. I think we're in like 40th place with the ladies. We're not going to lie to you. Well, there's some, what's a format that does well with ladies like the Ricky Martin music? Don't insult the ladies that listen to the show. No, no, they are the cool ones. I understand. I'm talking about the ones that show up in the ratings. The majority of the ladies listen to. Like a Hot 97. Right. You know, those type of stations. Yeah, it's very hard to get an equal number of men and women to listen to this type of program. We understand when we're pouring hot wax over, you know, hot bodies that maybe the ladies are going to go try to find a Ricky Martin song. Celine or something. Right. We understand that. But God bless you guys. You're right there with us. Yes, you are. In huge numbers. Thank you. Third book in a row that we've been number one, I believe. So we're going to take it to the streets after the show. Yeah. And we're going to go to a bar. Strip club. Strip club. Come on. Give me a raise. We're going to be great. Right after the show at seven o'clock. You got to act fast, though, because the place is going to fill up very, very fast. Yeah. To downtown. Anyway, downtown. Oh, look at Ben's freak out. What? Ixnay. I just said downtown. Downtown. Take the downtown train. You got knocked the head out. Westside. Scott. What? Stupid. You're so stupid. Be quiet, sir. Be quiet, sir. Is she happy with her large boobs? I don't know. We'll all find out. We'll all find out. Okay. Yeah, Scott's on. Yes. Come on down, Scott. Coming. Scott, will you be with us? Coming. Anyway, did Psycho Mark leave the building with the brand new WoW stickers? Bring a cell phone with him, too. Actually, if you're waiting for Mark to show up downstairs with the brand new WoW stickers, he's leaving in a couple minutes, 57 and 7, outside the Brooklyn Diner. But we got to get Stinky in here, the second part of the WoW story from last night. You got to see the battle scars. Yeah, let's see Stinky. Wow. Nice. Look at his neck. Is that where the Stinky is? Yeah. He's got road rash all over. How many cops did you have on you at one point? At least three or four. It was like Rodney King. Lift the mic up. Yeah, that's a pretty large number of cops for a white guy. We probably have a lot of people tuning in for the first time here. We discussed it for about 20 minutes already. But last night on Channel 11, poor Marvin Scott was doing a live shot from outside of the building. He was doing a live shot of the building. He was doing a live shot of the building. He was doing a live shot of the building. Last night on Channel 11, poor Marvin Scott was doing a live shot from outside the Sheridan, where Clinton and his wife and Al Gore were having a little fundraiser. Do you know how high security is when you have the president and vice president in the same place? Because if that happens, if something happens to both of them, well, then you're screwed. So they, I mean, they are unbelievable on the security. So Psycho Mark and Stinky, you think it's a good time to start wowing the cameras, the news crews, causing any kind of a scuffle. You know how pumped up the cops are in that situation? So that when they see a scuffle and people running and chasing, to them it might as well just be running toward the hotel yelling, Allah! Allah Akbar! You know, with a satchel bomb or something. But no, it's just lovable goof-offs with wow signs. Psycho Mark and then... So the cops just didn't take this one lightly. They pounced. And this is just how stupid our show is in general. Psycho Mark gets away with the wowing live on Channel 11 with Marvin Scott. First, it was a textbook wowing. Marvin Scott goes live shot. Ben is home on his phone, tells Psycho Mark, all right, he's live now, go. Psycho Mark comes up with the wow sign, wows the camera. Marvin Scott gets taken again. We all have a good laugh. The cameraman chases after Psycho Mark. Mark retreats across the street. Successful wowing. No one's hurt. No worse for wear. Do they leave it at that? No. Marvin comes back for another live shot. Stinky comes running across the street. Wow sign upside down. The cameraman bolts after him. This time... He almost got hit by that car. Let's not forget that. Catch him. Stinky, I've got to ask you this. When you ran away from the cameraman and you were running down the street, why in God's name did you double back and come back towards the scene of the crime? Because the guy was chasing me and I saw all these cops and I ran past the cops thinking they were going to stop it and they didn't. So I just circled around and tried to come back to where the cops were. What, you thought the cops were going to help you? A lot of them love the show but they do have a job to do. Stinky, listen, the camera guy, but the camera guy's not really going to go too far. He's got a job to do. You're pretty tall. I would imagine you're a fast runner. Was the camera guy gaining on you? Yeah, he was. The guy wouldn't let up though. I ran at least a block down. I thought he'd stop because the camera was rolling and everything but he kept going. I hear Mark come running down the street. Run Stinky, just run! Run Forest, run! If you notice the guy's catching you, you've got to turn around and just act crazy. Come on, bring it on mother! Stuff like that and then he'll back off. That might have worked. I got to ask the obvious question. How stoned were you guys? Alright, that's a good question. No comment. No comment. Okay. Blowing doobies near the President. Hey guy in the coat, come on I won't inhale. Hey, can I join you in your wild? You guys obviously weren't thinking straight. To strike twice is just crazy. So this way we had a few beers in us. A few beers? The President and Vice President were yards away. Yards away. And you're making a scuffle in a zone that is like a war zone. There were more cops on that square a block than anywhere probably in the world at that given moment. And I'm not even exaggerating. At that moment more cops there than anywhere on the face of the globe. You two idiots decide it's time to push your luck. So now it's stinky. You double back and the camera guy sticks his foot out and trips you. You do a header into the Channel 11 news fan. Right into the tire. That is classic. You grabbed the back of my neck and tried to pull me down. I went forward to get him off of me. We fell to the ground. And before I know it a cop's knee is in my groin telling me to turn. In your groin? Yeah. They hog tied you? They had my face against the asphalt and my hands behind my back. Oh my God. That's what the cut on my neck is from. He's all scabbed up. Did he have an arm around you and stuff? Everything. And what was he saying to you? Stay down. Stay down! He started patting me. I'm just trying to wow it's a joke. I stole the sign. What's all the commotion? Where did all these officers come from? It's like the scene from Trading Places. Eddie Murphy comes out from underneath the table. He's like, good evening, officer. Exactly the same scene. Sneaky's face with guns pointing at him. One wrong move and it's all over. Oh my God. We're obviously sending the clip right over to Steve from the unofficial website FoundryMusic.com. You don't get to see all that but you get to see what happened on live TV. The funniest is the laughing cops chasing the scene right out of the camera angle. Marvin, what a professional, continued his whole broadcast like nothing ever happened. That guy is amazing. He ought to be given a lot of credit for that. We finally attacked a station that we don't own. That's good. I don't see us getting in trouble for this one. Marvin, we bought camera 11 this morning. Here's your new boss, Marvin Scott. We did use the Channel 2 man for cover. An accomplice. You guys are out of your frigging minds, man. Can I tell you what a rush that was? I bet. We were walking away. We got out of the train, blessing myself the entire way, going, Holy Jesus, thank you, Jesus, thank you, Jesus, thank you, Jesus. It was like we just did about four shots of heroin. The adrenaline was pumping. Antoine, what's up? Thank God Stinky didn't take out his wallet. Jesus. We actually did have to take our weapons out because they wanted ID. That's never good. Good thing a black girl wasn't with you. Could have been a different outcome. Good thing we didn't find that big bag of weed out. Oh my God, you idiot. All right, listen, that's very good. Good story. Look at the scabs on Stinky. Lift up that right arm again. That's a good one. That's great. Oh my God. Stinky's finally earned his colors. Drop the wild side. Put your hands on your head. This is the United States Secret Service. What are you two idiots doing? Yeah, take the skinny one. Put your knee right in his throat. And the goofy stoned one. Take him down. My God, I could smell him from up in his chopper. He breathed. That smelled like good pot. What did you say to him then? Get out of your minds, man. Oh, that rocks. Well, we encourage the wow signs on live TV, but just don't hurt anyone. Maybe when the President's back at the White House. Yeah, we don't want anyone to get hurt, obviously. One question. What if you guys would have gotten busted? Forget it. It'd be run through the system. I don't think there's anything they can really do. Mind if we dance with your dates? I'm just wondering about anything that may have been on their person. Well, that's a whole different story. Now we talk like I want. I don't even understand what you're talking about. Jesus. No contraband. No, it's just me and myself and I. All three of us. All right, listen. That is great stuff. You guys. All right, go outside with the brand new wow stickers. People are waiting outside there. We got the brand new wow stickers in today. We want to start handing them out. They're really cool. They're going to be all over the Tri-State area within a week or two. How do you like to mow my lawn? Huh? But if you want to be the first on your block with one, we got Psycho Mark and Stinky leaving the building. Hi, I'm Stinky. Want a wow sticker? They'll be outside the Brooklyn diner. Stop by if you're in the area. We'll be out there all afternoon handing them out, okay? All right. 57th and 7th. And I guess we'll be back in a little bit. That is some funny stuff. Very funny, man. I can't believe these guys. OP and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. I hear there's quite a crowd outside the building, Anthony. Yeah. We have Psycho Mark outside with the brand new wow stickers. They came in today. They're going to be all over the Tri-State area within a week or two. But if you want them today, just head to the Brooklyn diner, 57th and 7th. We'll be out there for the rest of the show. I think Earl and Psycho Mark and Stinky are going to be taking turns handing out stickers. Yeah. Psycho Mark in a second or two here, all right? Brand new wow sticker. Very attractive. This is the one we wanted from the start. Not the one that was concocted by the old regime that was here. Right. Rose blue. So these are the new ones. We have, I don't know, literally what? Quarter million of these things to give out. Pretty close. 170,000. Came in today. Nice. Hey, what's up, guys? I've just gone through a thousand stickers easily. Get out of here. Jesus. People are coming up left and right down here for stickers. It's insane. Cool. I walked out the door. There was at least 30 or 40 people screaming and yelling. And I'm just waiting for stickers. You guys going to be hanging out outside the diner for a while? Yeah. Some guy just handed me a cigar. We'll sit out here and smoke it and we'll hand out stickers and have fun. It's Brooklyn Diner 5727. Psycho Mark's there right now with the brand new Wow stickers. All right, Marky. Yep. Thank you. Bye, guys. Bye. There you go, Psycho Mark. Let's go to Debbie on line three. Debbie, what's up? Hey, you a-holes. Hey, all right. I've been listening to you guys for more than a year. Yeah. I don't know what to expect. Well, we didn't say that there are no ladies listening to the opening. Oh, but you kind of foreshadowed the idea. Well, we said there are a lot more guys listening to the show than ladies. And we're trying to, Debbie, trust me, Aunt and I would love, love to have a ton more women listeners. You think we want to hang out with a thousand guys and ten girls when we do these most shows? Yeah, you guys need to be having a pecker party constantly. That's why we have to bring the girls on stage. You know what it really is? Some of my friends don't listen to you. They hate the idea of what I put you guys on the car. They can't stand it. But the reason is because you don't apologize for anything. Well, we don't like apologizing. We just say what we have to say and see what happens. Yeah, and I think you're hilarious because I know you guys don't really think the way you say things. And it's just for a joke, for ratings, it's great. I love it. Cool. The official line. I'm glad you see it that way. Anyway, I was just trying to have fun. I'll put in, let you know that we are out here. We understand you ladies are out there. Why do you think we're doing this WOW promotion? This WOW promotion would not work if we didn't have lady listeners. Exactly. So we acknowledge you, we bow to you. Thank you. Thank you. Maybe one day you'll see my 34Cs. Very nice. Well, thank you, Debbie. Take care. All right, come on. Bye. Of course, ladies, we know you're out there. But I hope you don't mind if we throw a little ratings party at a strip club tonight. Angela. Hey, guys. Hi, what's up? I'm a little, I agree with Debbie. Yeah. And I'm a little upset that you guys are going out there because I'd love to come out and hang out. You could come. Well, okay. I encourage the ladies to join us at the strip club. I promise you won't be harassed. It's the safest place for you to be today. Yeah, because we're at a regular bar and the guys need to see something. What do they turn to? The girls that are there. The girls that are there. The new girls that have shown up. It actually makes sense for the ladies to show up at the strip club because you won't be bothered. Not only that, this is a great opportunity for those ladies that may have wanted to go to a strip club in the past, but didn't have the balls or didn't really feel it was appropriate to walk into a strip club. If I can sticker-coat it any way you want, that's fine. But the bottom line is that most of us are going to feel a little bit uncomfortable. And when you ladies make us number one in the girl demos, we'll throw a party of tripping downs. But I'll tell you, until then, it's booby-barred. Well, Angela, we wanted to do something real close to the station, but this is what we got and we're going to go with it. All right, so then give the girls a little incentive to get there. I really hope a lot of ladies show up. Yeah, but incentive. You know something, and I'm serious about that, a lot of girls are leery about just going to a strip club. This is a great opportunity because it's for our show. It's not something like you're just walking into a strip club and you've got to feel weird about it. But then how do you get your friends to come with you? Hey guys, I'll go to a strip club at the O.B. and Anthony. Like, that's a little... I think a group of girls would have a good time. It's kind of fun. You can watch us all act like idiots drooling over these girls. Yeah, a bit unorthodox, but that's fine. All right, maybe. All right, Angela. If not, we'll see you at the next one. We do these things all the time. Well, hopefully. All right? All right. All right, Angela. And in our defense, you know, this is the first time we've ever tried to do anything at a strip club. Right. You know, as far as the listeners are concerned. Patricia. Hi. Hi, how are you? Love you guys. I want to congratulate you for being number one. And I agree with the previous girls, you know, as far as, you know, she catered to the women more. Because you do have female listeners out there who have a little off-the-wall sense of humor. We know you're there, yeah. And we're just not number one with them. But I just want to tell the girl who was just on before, I've been to strip clubs as a, you know, not a participant, because I have small boobs. Boobs, Opie. Boobs. Boobs. And you know what? All we have to do is say, hey, guys, you know, you see any of the female listeners at the strip club after the show tonight? Be cool. Yeah. And they'll be cool. It's fun to go. I just want to let your female audience know that there's nothing wrong with it. You have to be secure with a new womanhood to accept the women with, you know, the great bodies and whether you have one or not. I just think it's a lot of fun to go and just enjoy and have a few drinks. Look at the big boobs. You didn't used to work here, did you? Why you say that? You just remind me of someone. Oh, listen, guys, you know with your stickers? Yeah. If I send you my name and address, can I get some in the mail? Oh, that's a very good question. Yes. Self-address stamped envelope. We'll send the stickers out immediately. The address is very simple. Just write, wow, WNEW, 888 7th Avenue, New York, New York, 10106. 10106. 888 7th Avenue, New York, New York, 10106. Self-address stamped envelope and we'll send it out immediately. Oh, great. All right, Patricia. Oh, look, look, one more thing. Oh, she's using up all of our... Real quick, just mind, Terry, why? Oh, just one more thing. Just one, why Donna Hanover doesn't, you know, she's not with her husband all the time? Yeah. It all happened since the affair that he supposedly had with that woman on his staff. Yeah, we don't know anything about that. Okay, I get your drift. Okay. All right. Bye, Patricia. Bye. All right, can we announce a place where we're going to have a beer with our listeners? Can we? Better wait for Ben. He's the guy. Yeah. We have to wait for Ben? Yeah, he... I think we've got it all straightened out, right? Well, I would rather wait for Ben. We need... And I see Ben nod his head and say... because he's the guy that handles the bar. All right. Wow, did Rick just walk out miffed? No. Because I was going over his head and going to Ben? He's looking for Ben, I think. Or is he pissed? Because he said, you know, no, it's okay. And I'm saying, no, I'd rather hear it from Ben. Right. Because I know Ben is the guy that's on the phone with these places. Well, this is what we want to do and it's turning into something completely different. We did pretty well in the ratings. Yeah. We did very well in the ratings and we want to thank you guys again. It is the People's Radio Show. You guys are a big part of this, obviously. Very happy. So, and I said, hey, let's just go out and buy our listeners a beer. One beer for each listener until we run out of money. So, anyway, a few clubs came to the table and they want to help us out. Yeah. And one's a strip club and I think that's where we're going. Right after the show, right at seven o'clock, 715. Who's the show that gives you boobs? Who takes you to the strip club? Here's the deal. All right, Rick's in the studio. In about five or ten minutes, we're just waiting for some paperwork to be signed and signed. And we're good. Good. All right, let me make sure. There's going to be no cover charge for our listeners, right? Ah, that would be a serious problem. I really don't think so. Yeah, let's make sure of everything because we can't have that. It's simple. We're giving this place a ton of advertising. Obviously, no one at the strip club at seven o'clock on a Tuesday night. Yeah, the place is going to be packed. It's a good opportunity to expose the club to a lot of people that will be coming in. We're holding out. No cover charge for our listeners. We can't charge these people for that. No cover until you can set a time. I don't care, but no cover charge. You've got to allow our listeners to get in there for free. Yeah. And Ant and I have to be able to buy a ton of first-round beers. Right. That's it. That's all we're asking for. Until that happens, we're holding out, Anthony. Yeah. We have to. So our listeners have been screwed over more times than I could count. Okay. Here comes Rick back into the studio. Okay. What? It's not bad news. It's good news. We're just waiting for the papers to be sent back, but one of the stipulations is no cover charge. No cover charge. They just see it as a formality. They can set a time, though, because I understand they have regular business to do. That's fine. And our listeners don't need a lot of time to get there and get in for free. I would say no cover up until eight would be more than reasonable. Right. So eight, if they want to start charging, then that's fine. We've at least warned our listeners. Right? Exactly. That sounds good. Because, I mean, as soon as we announce this, within like ten minutes, you know, people are going to start heading down immediately. Right. Immediately. All right. What are we waiting for? They're going to fax it back? Fax paperwork with a signature. Downtown Westside, though? It looks like it could be that area. We're such idiots. We're such idiots. Natasha. Hold on a second. Hello. Hold on a second, Natasha. They find something very funny over there. What? Well, yesterday we were taking the Elion Gonzalez capture picture. Yeah. And putting captions and kind of screwing with the picture, adding in your own faces and stuff. Somebody put the Elion Gonzalez band. Look, the cop with the gun is now holding a guitar and Elion is screaming into a microphone. And I'm like, what's going on? And I'm like, what's going on? And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And I'm like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. And they're like, oh, I'm going to go to the bathroom. Please excuse Opie. He's a guy that punches guests. So you really have to cut him some slack. He OK. I'm sorry. Calm down. Take a breath with me. So get your ass out of the champagne room. No. What? What happened? I thought we were all having fun. No? Oh my God. We're all going to go down to McDonald's for a shake if Opie doesn't shut up. You can tell them that they could charge a cover at a certain time. Just give our listeners a few hours to get in there for free. That's all we have to do. You don't tell them anything. We make mutual suggestions for the benefit of all involved. Oh, I see. And before you know it, we're all having a good time and it's beneficial to everybody. I see. No hard feelings. It's fun, fun, fun. Right? Right. I'm coming back to you. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. I'm coming back to you. All right. Okay, listen. Calm down. We will announce the club that we're going to right after the show to celebrate with you guys right after these commercials, okay? Pull your pants down. Idiots. All right. Okay. Okay. We'll be back. Whoopi and Anthony. There's no level two on the show. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, W, N, E, W. Anthony Pizzano of Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. You'll love Pizzano. You know how we're going to celebrate after the show with the listeners? We're going to announce the place in a little while here? Yeah. I really want to call up Joey and say, Joey, what do you say, man? We'll just push the tables aside and have a beer bash. Well, let me tell you something. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? That'll be there with us. That's right. And I will not be there, wink, wink, nudge, nudge. Well, table in the basement, please. Paisano's great. We love it. Great food, warm, friendly, relaxed atmosphere. Portions, huge. Prices, very reasonable. And incredible pasta lunch specials, which we don't talk about enough. Yeah. After a year of advertising, we realized that, wow, he has great lunch specials, too. You will love it. You want to go down to Little Italy, you want to get some authentic Italian cuisine, Paisano on Mulberry Street, that's where you got to go. That's the place. Bypass all the other people that are trying to drag you into their restaurant. Why do you think they put somebody out front, come, this one, good, this is good, good place, good place, try to drag you in. You don't see that at Paisano because the place doesn't look fine by word of mouth in this program. I rub it in, though, when I walk down Mulberry. They're like, get in here, come in here. I'm like, no, I'm going to Paisano. And then you can tell the guy's just pissed because he's seen this son of a bitch. A hundred times he's slammed the menu down on his leg. What does a Joe have? You know what I'm saying? Right. You ever see that Bugs Bunny episode with the two little Italian guys and they're trying to get bugs for the thing? That's what a walk down Mulberry Street's like. They're coming to mine. I'm making the best of rabbit stew. I'll pinch your little red tomato nose. Oh, brother. That's what they're like. What are you cooking, Doc? He's in the pot, grabs a carrot. Rabbit cacciatori. That's what they're like. All right, so it's Paisano, Mulberry Street. You ask for Joey, say, hey, Joey, Opie and Anthony sent me, what do I get? And he'll say, well, you get a glass of wine on the house. I'll be right back with your wine as you look at the menu. Okay. That's right. Call 965-1188. That's 965-1188 for reservations. It's Paisano, Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. I see some movement in the hallway. It looks like Ben is walking down the hall. I think we're going to finally be able to announce where we're going after the show tonight, Anthony. Yes. All right, stay there. Opie and Anthony. Brilliant radio at its best. It's the O&H show. Hey, we announced it yesterday. I want to announce it again. A lot of people emailed me about this. Limp Bizkit doing a free tour this summer with Cypress Hill. Multiple nights in New York to be announced along with venues. Very, very cool. We don't need to give away tickets to that one because it's free. All right, Ben's walking down the hall. Anthony, we're going to announce the club we're going to be partying at at 7 o'clock right after the show tonight. Yes. We did very well in the ratings and we want to immediately thank you guys and have a few beers with you guys. And we're going to try to buy the first round party. Psycho Mark, what's up? Hey, what's up, guys? We have Psycho Mark outside the building. There's so much stuff going on today. The brand new WoW stickers came in. We're excited about that. And if you want to be the first person to own one of these WoW stickers, Psycho Mark is outside the building, outside the Brooklyn Diner, 57th and 7th with a ton of these stickers and people are stopping by to get them. Right, Mark? There are people coming up left and right. This guy shows up in a Rolls Royce limo and jumps out to get a brand new WoW sticker. Nice. It was a bonus. It's great. We've got a bunch of people standing out here. We're haggling. Everybody, everyone's doing Dr. Smith impressions. And everyone's going, WoW! Oh dear, oh dear. I like the new sticker. You know what you do? You put it on a boy's behind and all of a sudden it ripped it off and it's hairless. WoW! Pull the hair out of their ass, yeah. All right, guys, we're done here. We've got plenty of stickers, so come on by. We're standing right out in front of the Brooklyn Diner. And you guys going to be there pretty much for the rest of the show? I guess so. All right. We're not going anywhere fast, that's for sure. Hey, Mark, how much free weed are you getting? Well, you're a genius. WoW! Dr. Smith just came by and gave me a boob! WoW! All right, Mark. Bye. Bye. There you go, Psycho Mark, outside the building, 57 and 7, outside the Brooklyn Diner with the brand new WoW sticker. Hey, we have one of the cops on the line that was part of the whole Psycho Mark stinky fiasco on outside the Sheridan. They got a WoW sign on the 10 o'clock news on Channel 11 last night. It was a complete mess. Pandemonium. They decided to make a ruckus right near the hotel that Clinton and Gore are at, so there are cops everywhere. Yeah. And stinky was wrestled to the ground and handcuffed. After a chase by the cameraman from Channel 11 news, Marvin Scott WoW'd again. Yeah, poor guy. All right, let's talk to Pete. He was one of the cops on the scene last night. Pete, what's up? Hey, how you doing, guys? All right. Thanks for putting me on. I just wanted to let you know, he wasn't handcuffed. He wasn't handcuffed? No, he wasn't handcuffed. All right, Steve. But the reason I'm calling is my partner and I, we won our cigars back. We lost them in the melee. We figured Psycho Mark was just a couple of stogies. You should go see Psycho Mark. He's outside the Brooklyn Diner right now. He might have some stuff for you. Yeah. The funny thing was, after stinky went down, Psycho Mark just grabbed the sign. He tried to run away and left his buddy hanging there. Ah. Watched him through the walls. Yeah, but you guys got him. Yeah, wouldn't you at that point though? I don't know. I thought it would help my buddy out. I'll tell you what, that guy ran pretty quickly. Stinky? No, the other guy. Psycho Mark? Yeah. No, not Psycho Mark. The newsman. Oh, the camera guy. Oh, the camera guy. Yeah, he was a full tilt from the marquee down to the Sheridan on 51st. He was full of being pissed off and what it was. He had that pissed off energy. He says, these two guys have been heckling me since the Westchester nuclear fiasco. That's true. He was tired of it. That was the last time Marvin Scott got wowed where somebody put a small sign the size of his face directly in front of his face as he was trying to do a live report. It's not personal with him though. I mean, he's got the wrong idea. I'll tell you what though, he said that he was pissed. He's like, pretty soon they're going to start wowing us and I won't have that. Yeah. Couldn't understand what his problem was. Yeah, really. I'll get the ratings up on Channel 11 news if you know that there will be a live shot with girls boobs flashing in the background. That's the next stage with this. We're going to get girls getting their live boobs on TV. You guys got them panicking though. You certainly have them panicking. And that isn't the atomic bomb either. Oh, leave me. That's just softening the beaches. Right. Wait for the atomic bomb. It is going to be like nothing anyone has ever seen. It's going to be like. Last year's rolling off the tarmac. Colonel Tibbetts and his crew are being on the day. I didn't even believe it was them. I go, let me tell you, let me guess, you guys are psychomarcus? Yeah, we are. Yeah, we are. Could you please get your knee out of my throat? I don't even want to be in that and I was just spending a nice day to detail trying to enjoy some white women with teeth in their head. Where do you work, man? I work in Brooklyn in an undesirable geographic, undesirable area. Cool, man. That's funny. That's funny, man. Well, thanks for being cool. We understand we put you guys in an under-session. I just want to let them know there's definitely no hard feelings. Hey, you got to rough them up a little bit. No, we didn't. We didn't. I don't know. Somebody roughed them up. We didn't know that they did it the first time. I was on a corner unaware of the whole first, you know, this is the second time when he went running down. I think he could have got those injuries when the Channel 11 cameraman tripped him. I want to know why he did a header into the news truck. Yeah, that's what happened. I mean, I want to know why he decided to do it in front of a lieutenant and an inspector. That wasn't using his head. What a tool. They're not slo-ing. No. Yeah. All right, thanks for taking the day. And congratulations with the new ratings. Hey, thanks, Pete. All right. Bye-bye. It's so funny. It's like, no, we didn't rough them up. Now, relatively speaking, they didn't. You know what I mean? Like, roughen somebody up. Oh, my God. Forget about it. The guys would be all blown up, their eyes and stuff. So that's nothing. That's just keeping somebody down. Chris says he was there last night as well, another cop. Chris? What's up, guys? Were you really there? I was there, man. Big fan. You don't guys understand what could have happened to your little buddies over there. Oh, we completely understand. We saw it. There was secret service and everything all over the place. Man, you guys, they picked the wrong night. Yeah. Yeah. They picked the wrong night. Thank God you got fans though, the other blue fans. Yeah, we put you guys in a bad position last night. Some of you guys on TV were laughing and the others were like, man, you know, the sergeant right here, we got to do something. The lieutenant was there. Oh, the lieutenant was there. Yeah, we're big fans of the show, but when you know, Clinton's in town, just do it there. We'll just do it maybe in Jersey or Pennsylvania. Yeah, we understand. All right. Have fun tonight, guys. Thanks, Chris. Later. It's kind of true. Yeah, it's like, come on. It was the first time you had the Clintons and Gore at the same place at the same time in a long time. Yeah. First time in the city anyway. So, I mean, they were nothing but business last night. Not the time to do that. And especially twice. You got away with it once, consider yourself lucky, come back to the office, grab a beer and celebrate. But no, let's do it again. And Psycho Mark, you know, felt he did such a great job, he decided to take one of my Cubans off my desk. All right, who's going to announce this? It's not like you don't already know. I know. You're confusing me, trying to make me have a heart attack down with a fax machine. All right, well, here's the deal. If you're just tuning in, the ratings came out. We did really, really well. We really want to thank you guys. And that's the God's honest truth. We said it earlier, but we definitely want to thank Rick, our producer, Ben, Stinky. Wow, it sounds like an award show. I know. I'd like to thank our producer. Well, you know, it's not just us. There's so many people that help out with the show. You know, there are listeners. So many people that help. I want to run through a short list I have here. All right, all right. Ben, you're wonderful. Oh, no, just a couple more. Rick, you're doing a great job. Thank you so much. Opie, you're great. Psycho Mark, did I mention? We'll be back with more of the 1999 Academy Award after this. Shut the f up music. Of course, I want to thank Spaz and John. Black Girl, of course, takes a lot of abuse. And Jimmy, who works behind the scenes and puts together a lot of the production for us. Anyone else, Anthony? I was just pounding you now. Are you going to keep going? Oh, yeah. I want to thank our listeners. I'd like to thank God. God. God. I want to thank God. Thank God. My flip-mode squad. Maya Angelou said it fast when she said. Steve C from the unofficial website. Of course, Steve C from the unofficial Opien Anthony website. The extension of this damn radio show. Works his ass off. Yeah, Psycho Patty for not shooting me yet. Thank you. Stalker Patty, I should say. Psycho Patty, same thing. What are you? I'm a stalker. I'm a stalker. I'm a stalker. I'm a stalker. I'm a stalker. I'm a stalker. I'm a stalker. I'm a stalker. I'm a stalker. I'm a stalker. I'm a stalker. I'm a stalker. I'm a stalker. Yeah, thank you. Stalker Patty, I should say. Psycho Patty, same thing. What are you? All right. And stinky. And stinky, yeah. This man is love. This man is love. Oh, just a couple more things. And of course, Mom, you've got me through so much. And my sister, I'm going to go bake out with her right now. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. Oh, that Elion Gonzalez. I'm going to tell your friends to turn off Hot 97 and start listening to us. Maybe if we went to places besides strip clubs. Well, after you say you're number one, men 18+, where do you think we should celebrate? And we encourage the ladies to join us today. You'll have fun. You won't be harassed. All right? We'll just ogle at the girls on the stage. Yeah. That's it. Ogle. Good word. Ogle. I've been leery about going on a strip club, but always wanted to. What a better opportunity. Now you have an excuse. Okay. It's a little ratings party we're having. All right. So let's announce it here, Anthony. What? I just want to thank Old Dirty. Thank you so much. Louis Black, of course. Stephen Lynch. My close personal friend, Adam Ferrara. And of course, Jay Moore. What would a show be? And I hope you... We'll return. We'll return with more. I want to thank all the girls that have made it onto the lesbian couch, Anthony. And the girls that have performed on the blue-carb cabaret. Beautiful. The one girl that got the hot wax dripped all over her fine body. All right. Freaking awards show. 7 o'clock tonight, we're going to be a privilege. Oh, there it is. We want to thank our old boss for getting fired. We want to thank our old boss for getting fired. For leaving. For leaving. Giving us the chance to succeed. What happened? Let's call Washington, D.C. All right, listen. Ben, why don't you tell everyone what's going on? Privilege. We'll be there at 7.30. They're opening at 5 o'clock. No cover charge. Privilege. 23rd and 11th Ave. 23rd and 11th Ave. Privilege. They'll have a buffet set up. We'll get there about 7.30 and the first beer is free. First beer is free. Rock. First beer on the Opie and Anthony show. Sing. And privilege. We're in this together. They're giving us a free buffet. We didn't even ask for that, so we want to thank the guys at Privilege for doing that. Nice. And doors open at 5. It's not a huge place, so I would definitely get down there early. Right? I think we could squeeze in. I don't even want to give out the number, but it's not as big as the Mulcahy's gig or anything like that. Trust me on that. Okay? Yeah, this isn't a road show or anything we're doing. We're going down there to celebrate. You people are right there with us. Thanks, man. You think they'll play celebrate as the girls are showing their cats? The girls will be the show. That's how I like it to be. Use it or lose it. Yes, buddy. We want to thank Buddy Epson for helping us out on the ratings. Buddy Hackett. And of course, the biggest part of our show, Scott Mune. The professor. Coming. I want to thank the OK Terrific guy. OK Terrific. Yes. Dr. Smith, of course. Oh, you're very naughty. Jimmy Superfly Schnooker. Uh-oh. I need him on every template. Ouch. There he is. Jimmy, thank you. Okay, brother. Of course, Arthur, thank you. Yes, and of course, Ted Knight, big part of the radio show. How would you like to mow my lawn? Yes. I want to thank the stupid guy. Stupid! You're so stupid! Look who's making his way to the stage with us, Opie. None other than Superman Christopher Reeves. Here he comes. Just like the gift. I want to thank the train that comes by every once in a while. There it is. Oh, of course. I've got to thank Marco. Sammy Hagar. Marco. Sammy. Hey. Virgin. Yes, Scott. So, already thank you. The insane laughing guy. Alan Sniffin. Very good. Another obscure reference. Love the obscure references. Why not? Radio dentist. So, we're going to be celebrating. We'll be there at 730, Privilege, 23rd and 11th Avenue. Doors open in 10 minutes. Free buffet. First round of drinks on the ONA show and Privilege. Okay? Yes. Upstar Jones. Oh, wow. Look at this. We've got girlies coming in. Sandy's here. Hi, sweetie. How are you? Hi! What was that? Can we see your stuff? Seeing that, we thought you might want to celebrate with us. Can we see your stuff? Wow. Holy smoke. I demand a little respect. Oh, man, this is so tense. Someone's saying we're forgetting J. Moore. We're not forgetting J. Moore. Hey. Hey. All right, Anthony, let's take a break. Okay, Ophi. And of course, thank you, Ophi. Tool. And lastly, I'd like to thank Ophi. If it wasn't for this man, I would... And finally, we'll be back with more of this pompous, ponderous, f-ing ponderous bullcrap. Hi, I'm Casey Gason. And I'd like to thank Don. Where are those pictures I'm supposed to see? All right, we've got to take a break. We'll be back. Stay there. Ophi and Anthony. But how often do you get to listen to somebody's self-hawks or somebody's uterus? Oh, stupidity is on the way. 1027 WNEW. Hey, Anthony, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Yes, Ophi, Stacker 2, losing weight. Who wants to lose weight? A lot of people. Some are right around the corner, right? Yeah, like really right around the corner now. It's starting to get nice out. You're shedding those big heavy clothes. It lasted a little longer than we thought, didn't it? Yes, it did. You thought you were safe with your little pudge, didn't you? It's like, oh, thank God, you went out of the house. It's like, it's cold again and it's raining. I could keep the heavy coat on and no one will notice I have a big bunt. But now, nice weather. And tomorrow, of course, the first Whip Mount Wednesday. And what are you going to do? You've got to lose the weight. Stacker 2, world's strongest fat burner. What does it do? Well, it's the world's strongest fat burner. It burns the fat. And it also cuts the cravings to snack during the day. And it gives you a boost to energy. You'll be going at your work like never before. Stacker 2. Opie, if you would please take this commercial, the rest of it, and tell them how they could get it and any other little tidbits of info you would like to add in. OK. It's a great product. Yes. I'll just reiterate things that you say. Go ahead. OK, it's a great product. Yes, indeed. It does the three things. I've heard it does a fourth and makes you last longer in bed. In bed, yes. Yes. I guess that's where the boost of energy comes into play. Yes. And you can log on to Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner, at www.stacker2.com. And you could also give them a call. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Thousands have proven it works. And we'll be back in a few minutes. A lot of people calling in. They have people they want to thank for our huge ratings, Anthony. We'll go to the phones next. Stay there. This is your announcer Hugh Mungus Becker saying OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP OP Don't hit anybody with the Yeah, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey. Yeah. Okay. Terrific. That's right. We're giving out the brand new stick stickers as we speak outside the building, Brooklyn Diner, 57th and 7th. It's like a mark and stinky out there. They've gone through close to 2000 stickers already. Anthony. Well, this sticker is great. It's not like the old one that we had put out by the old regime of bosses that were here. This is a very good sticker. It's got attitude. Yeah, it does. I'm proud. My brother did the design, by the way. Oh, really? Little nepotism, cool. All right. What the hell, right? You know something? Your brother helps us out with the show. My brother helps out with the show. Oh, we didn't thank them in our thank yous. Oh, you better thank your brother and your sister. And I'd like to thank Dawn, my brother Joe, and Cowbell Bill. Of course, doing a fine job. Joseph T. Curry. Fine job. Thank you. Thank you. All right, look at that. Salute. Nothing better than some champagne and a paper cup. Put that down. Who you? Who you? What? What? What? Now, what you did? You spin this? I'm going to call the father. Oh, I haven't turned it up. Sandy, you going to the strip club with us tonight? I'm hoping to get a lap dance. Whoa. My girlfriend going to the strip club. Whoa. So guys, please don't fondle her. Please. Or you can fondle her. That's fine. Just make sure you take money, though. Show my girlfriend your junk. What? Make sure I get paid for it. Dollar bill to be flying. Come on. We could pay rent, man. Get liquored up on the champagne. We'll get you on stage. I'm going to turn that bitch out. I plan on it. I'm going to pimp you out tonight. I hope he's pimpin' out on his girl. Jesus. I'm going to wear one tonight. I'm going to put it on. We better thank Airsick, or they're going to cry. Pimp hands. Because J. Moore got thanked and not them. Why did J. Moore get thanked? You're a comic, O.B. You didn't thank the ping pong sound, did you? Oh, I don't think we did. You have to thank him. Thank you, ping pong sound. Thank you, ping pong sound. John Elway? Did we thank John Elway? No, we didn't. That's really John Elway. Buddy? Wooo, doggy. Yeah, if you're just tuning in, we'll be there at 720, because it's going to take us about 20 minutes to get through the subway system. But we're going to be at Privilege, corner of 23rd Street and 11th Avenue. Doors have officially opened. Want to thank Privilege for helping us out. We threw this together at the last minute. I want to thank you guys for helping us out with the ratings. You are a big part of the show, so you should celebrate with us. Privilege throwing a free buffet at our listeners tonight, Anthony. Yeah. And the first beer is free on the ONA show and Privilege. Tony from Putnam checking in. The vote. What? That's what he said. OK, very good. Thank you. Thank you, Tony. Thank you, Tony. Dan, what's going on? Hey, what's going on, guys? How are you? Congratulations. Thank you. First time, I've been listening to you for a while now. Cool. We'll see how they report this in the paper tomorrow, if they'll give us any credit whatsoever. They usually don't, but whatever. One guy you didn't thank, Mike Tyson. Oh, that's right. What about Mike Tyson? Why don't you thank me, you bastard? Your son's a bitch. He's getting too big for your bitches. I'm going to have him come down there and maybe give a left or right to your testicles. You know, I was the one that, who did I talk to? I made Bridget cry once. Right. Who else did I make cry? That's Nikki from We Deliver Keggers. Nikki, remember that? We want to thank Nikki from We Deliver Keggers. Yeah, I thank her. OK. I would thank her with an uppercut to her vulva. And I don't mean the car. Vulva, X-Q-Z-P-A, vulva. Next word. Yeah. And I would like to actually congratulate you, too. My job well done. OK. And if I come down there and see you, I will make sure I punch one of you in the butt, so I feel a prostate. And the other one, I'm going to punch so hard in the testicles that you're going to look like a lizard, one of those pickles. With the eyeballs that poke each and every way, because that's going to be your nuts. Give me some credit. All right. Thank you, Mike Tyson. Yes. A lot of people are a part of this radio show. EJ. Hey, what's going on, guys? Hey. Congratulations. Thank you. I've got to thank all your affiliates who carry you across the nation. Yes. Yes. We'd like to thank all the affiliates that carry you up in Amherst. Well, I went to see you on 107.5 down in Dallas. And that's the best station to hear you guys at. Our Dallas affiliate. It's still a little slow to get up there with the ratings, but we're moving. Also, guys, I just wanted to give a quick, you know who the stupid, you're so stupid comes from? That comes from the great, weird Al Yankovic movie, UHF. Yes, it does. Very good. Congratulations, guys. All right. Thank you, EJ. Later. Anthony, I'm a hard guy. I was just thanking their helping. Well, there's someone else that wants to thank us today. Oh, yeah? Or yeah, give a thank you to our listeners, I believe. What would the show be without Celine Dion? I want to say, wait, first. I'm getting good at that. I want to say congratulations to Opium Anthony, who have taken this N.E.W. ship, as it were, on its maiden voyage into talk radio. You had many obstacles along the way. Remember your old boss? Remember the promotions guy who couldn't even get a wow sticker right? Remember the old DJs who hated you? And your retarded boss who had everyone bamboozled? They were much like huge icebergs in your path. Yes. And many times, oh. Where? Where? Ah! Sorry. Many times, it seemed like you had smashed into these icebergs. And the mighty ship N.E.W. was going to slip beneath the icy waters of the North Atlantic. But no, you went on. You went on. You continued on. Opium Anthony, I congratulate you, not only as radio personalities, not only as winners, but as survivors. OK, terrific. OK, terrific. OK, terrific. OK, terrific. OK. OK. Congratulations. Hey, here I go. I am Sam Fier, master of pamphlet. I'm Sam Fier, master of pamphlet. We're the best. We're the best. Here it comes. We're the best. Everybody. We're the best. We're the best. We're the best. You are survivors. You are like rocks who clung onto a piece of wood. You. Well, Anthony. Thank you, Celine. More people we got to thank for this radio show. Let's not forget the guy who said, what's that? A train? Who started the whole phenomenon. Yes, that ruled. Who could forget? Who could forget that guy? Anthony from Midtown. Hey, what about the giant mosquito and the cancerous live wires? Yes. Yes, of course. All contributing to this program. I suggest we all have a celebratory pee from the top of the buildings today. Hey, not on me. Don't forget to thank you. No. Oh, we have to thank Yoshi for all the pork. Yeah, that's from Charlie from the Upper West Side. Who else? Mike from Clinton. Why not thank the Apache helicopter? Ronald Reagan checking in. Don't forget me. Ronald Reagan. Thank me. Yes. Congratulations to you, too. I believe. Burns and Allen, you're the best. Old Dirty wants to thank us off the air. Off the air? Well, remember he said he wants to be banned from the show for a while? Oh, yeah. Now, we got to get old Dirty on. Got to make an exception today. Oh, D, what's up? Oh, Dirty. Oh, Dirty. He wants to be on the air. He refuses to be on the air. He's taking himself out of the show. He probably ran out of minutes on his free phone card. All right, no old Dirty. OK. Hey, I'd like to step in and thank you. Yeah, the Dice Man, yes. For making my career bigger. But you're tooting your own horn. Yeah, we know that. And it's not like you're selling out Madison Square Garden like I did all those years ago. We're going to be selling out of Strip Club in a little while, though. Hey, can I come? You sure can. Thank you. All right. I want to also congratulate the WWF and Jim Brewer. Ah, yes. Yes, of course. Brewer. Did you thank Roger? Roger, please. I want to shove my fist up his you-know-what. I want to thank him for getting fired. Hey! Or did he leave on his own? I don't know what that was. Left for the truckload. That was a distraction. I need a satellite. Jim, what's going on? How you doing, guys? How are you? I just wanted to thank Louis Anderson. Oh, yes. I also wanted to thank American Express because Spaz never leaves home without it. Congratulations. Indication when hell freezes over. I think the beers tonight are on Spaz's credit card. I'll buy. And then I'm taking everybody to St. Regis for a night with a butler. Anthony, we also want to... I'm buying you heavy metal shoes. And I know he's listening, so I want to thank Steve from another radio station. Respect our dirty! Respect my dirty! Ouch. That must hurt. Didn't hire us. Ouch. That was a smart decision at the time. Wait, wait. I think we got him here. Ouch. Yeah. Ouch. Ooh, that had to hurt. Ouch. That's okay. Oh, really, real smart. I'm going to shave the wood. Somebody wants to thank Ivan in the afternoon. Ivan in the afternoon? Yeah, it's a 515 Ivan in the afternoon show. Hey, Maury Leach coming to get you, baby. Maury the Leach. Yes. Reverend Bobby Sill, hard ass. One of my hard ass bits. All right, let's get a mic. What's up, guys? Congratulations. Thank you. You forgot four major people to thank. Corky. Of course, Corky. Yes. And Mr. Tamarie Mann. Yeah. William Shadner. I told you on the other day we were going to be big. Really, Bill? Charlton Heston. Damn you. And my name is Bill. Yeah. Oh, they call my names Bill. Yes, we've got to thank him as well. Plenty of time for them to check in. All right, guys. Have a good one. Thank you. Also, we've got to thank Robin Leach. We've got to thank Van Halen for providing the dumb music. Reverend Al checking in from Queens. What about thanking me? Always the black man being opressed. Al Ray. He's outraged. We're not thanking him. Don't forget to thank Ziggy the Smelly Bum from the Homeless Shopping Spray. That's Steven from New Jersey. Yeah. Congratulations on your ratings. You know, I understand what it's like to be number one in the field. And you start reaping the rewards. You start reaping the rewards. You use your tongue? Shut up. You use your tongue? Shut up. You use your tongue? Shut up. You know, you're getting ready. So at any time, I'm sure you can just call up a girl and she'll come down and squat over a glass table for you. That's right, baby. Now, I would lay under the glass table and you let it roll, baby. Let it roll. You started it. I didn't start it. Grab on me. Grab on me, Mickey. Grab on me. Grab on me. Hey, I didn't do anything. She threw first dump. I didn't drop first dump. She threw first dump. Nothing's over until she grabs on me. Adrian! Adrian! Hey, Paulie. Go on up out of the table and grab on me. Did you do that, Paulie? Oh, you are a Paulie. Anthony, more thank yous coming in. Brian from Jersey, let's thank the guy from Boston who won $100,000 and did not kill you. I want to thank Tom Brokenjaw as well. Seth wants us to thank Julia Child. Wonderful. And Joey! You guys are like me, number one in your field. Grandma! You always have to have a snappy little thing on the music end. Anthony, the limo driver. What's up, Anthony? Christopher Russo, you've got a bank. Yes, thank you to that radio show. Mike the Bad Dog! Mayor! I've got to dump out. Yeah, you've got to give Anthony a lot of credit. Yeah, David, it's going up. It's going down there, Maggie. What the hell's the problem? I think you guys need hot wax on your show. Hot wax coming in on the show. We're going to have Mike Piazza come in and get on the blue top cab of A. We're going to put some icing in his ass. It's being dumped. This is just a voice. How can I dump out of a voice? I'm not even saying anything. I'm just talking, for God's sake. Just sounds like someone, that's all. What the hell? Wow, that's bizarre now. The big deck has got to go out to the mayor from Boston, really. Yeah, for not having a sense of humor. Thank you, Anthony. Bye, guys. The mayor, Tom Mignone, as a candidate, in that division, is the leaderboard. Dave, our old PD. Da-da Dave. For going into the gay zone. Are we allowed to say who's here or no? No, no, no, no. Look at them. Now they're getting scared. Oh, no. That's cool, though. Well, a lot of people stop him by the station to say hi. Let's just put it at that, Anthony. Good to see you, guys. What a pisser. Anyway, we've got to take a break, Anthony. Quickie, yeah. We're going to be having a beer with you guys. We're going to be at Privilege tonight. We picked the strip club. Yes. To celebrate our recent rating success. Who gives you boobs? Yes. Corner of 23rd Street and 11th Avenue. You give us ratings, we will give you breasts. Doors open at 5. Well, the doors are open already. If anyone's down there with a cell phone, I would like to know what's going on down there. Privilege has given our listeners a free buffet. And the first beer is free from ONA and Privilege. Okay? And we'll be there right after the show, right around 7.30-ish. Okay? Cool. All right, we'll be back. Stay there. Hello? I thought I'd inject a little intelligence to this conversation here. That has no place on this show. I know that. OP and Anthony, more stupidity on the way. 1027 WNEW. Ah, yes, Anthony. Carcash, it's one of our newest sponsors. And already our listeners are loving them. You know why? Do you? They will pay you top dollar for your car. That's it. That's what you gotta do. You're trying to sell your car, you take that ad out in the paper, you're gonna wait weeks or months to sell your car. You're gonna have people calling you. Perhaps a misprint in the paper. It's just a big hassle. This is the way to sell your car. You have to stay home because you know people are stopping by. Yeah, that's another thing. It's just a hassle. Then they know where you live. They have problems with the car after you sell it to them. You know they're coming back to bitching you. Carcash makes it real easy. You just give them a call, 1-800-CARCASH. And they'll take care of all that for you and pay top dollar on the spot, Anthony. Quick, easy, if you're selling your car or even thinking about it. If you're thinking about selling your car, give them a call. They'll give you a price on it right over the phone. New cars, vans, pickups, 4x4s, even leased or financed. If you can drive it, Carcash is gonna buy it. That's it, give them a call. Nobody is gonna give you more money for your car than Carcash. Very important, okay? Top dollar. And nobody makes selling your car easier. 1-800-CARCASH, 1-800-CARCASH. Visit Carcash on the web at www.carcash.com or stop by Carcash on West 55th Street between 11th and 12th Avenues in Manhattan. Remember, if you're selling your car in the near future, give these guys a call. They'll take care of you. 1-800-CARCASH, that's 1-800-CARCASH. OP and Anthony. Who would you rather nail? I disqualified myself because I got them both. Oh, is that weirdo? 1027-WNEW. Hey, Anthony, smashing pumpkins tonight at the Hammerstein Ballroom. Sold out show. Should be good. We're going to privilege, though, Anthony. Yeah, we are. We're gonna be celebrating with our listeners. Got some great news today. Our ratings were way, way, way, way higher than the previous one. We're gonna be celebrating with our listeners. Our ratings were way, way, way, way, way, way up. Thank you. Radio Chick did pretty well on the ratings as well. Yeah, I'll acknowledge her. She's on her way. She's on her way and the rest of the station is still too early to tell. The ratings that they received today are from the past shows. Yeah, the morning slot there. OPEN. It's just going to be amazing when they show up in the top 30 for the first time. That is going to be huge news. When the NEW morning show shows up in the top 30. That is going to be huge news. When the NEW morning show shows up in the top 30. Let's just put it this way. Our old morning show, Manson and Kaczynski in the morning. Yeah, they weren't even a blip on the radar screen. No. We don't know how bad they did because they don't go that low the ratings in the morning. Yeah. They don't go that low. Last they charted was a .5 I think. Yeah, and now they're below a .5. That's what they handed Scott and Sid our new morning show. So I feel for those guys today. Run with it. Run with it, guys. Make it happen. We remember that fun. Yeah. There you go. Run with it. And Dynamite too early to tell but they did okay. Say hi to the guys from NMI. Yeah. What's up guys? They know who they are. They're listening. Oh, they're out there somewhere? Of course, man. Oh yeah, okay. Are they close to the station, Anthony? Very close. That's what I'm hearing. Cool. Mike from Manhattan wants to thank the Bronco that we bashed at Manny's. That was the turning point. That really was. That was the turning point for this radio show. We finally got our asses out of this studio. Cool. Mike's a privilege. Let's see what's going on down there so far. Mike, what's up? What's up, R1A? Are you really a privilege? Yeah, I'm down here now. We're going to be there in two hours. There's only a few people here so far. That's okay. It happens fast. It's not a big place. They're going to have to close the doors when we fill it up. So I get down there. It's nice. I'm sending a big red chair. I'm sitting in the high-heel right now. Very good. We'll be there in a couple of hours. Okay. Do they have the free buffet out yet? Yeah, they got it out here. They got the lunch and burgers going. It's ready to go. The girls are up to a hook, man. Yes, they are. I'll tell you that much. Thank you, Mike. Getting reports of a wow sign on Channel 4? Oh, no. Are you serious? Just a big wow sign on Channel 4. Oh, no. At least our own Stinky and Psycho Mark are safely in the building so they won't be wrassled to the ground. No, no more wrestling to the ground with those guys. The doors open to privilege, Anthony. Free buffet. First beer is on us and privilege. We'll be there at 730. It's the corner of 23rd Street and 11th Avenue. I want to have a beer with you guys because you guys obviously helped out the show. Okay. Want to talk to Ol' Dirty? Yeah. What's up, baby? Congratulations, man. Thank you. No doubt, Antonio. Thank you, Ol' Dirty, coming from a perp like you. You guys are really making it happen. You know what I'm saying? You going to hang with us or what? Yeah, man. I'm rolling out there. No doubt. You know me, my man PR right there in my book and diner. Where you hanging out right now? Right now I'm in my crib, son. Oh, I thought you might be on 8th Avenue. Oh, by the... Nah, man. Today's Tuesday. Taco Tuesday. You don't want to be hanging out by the Port Authority bus terminal. I just wanted to make the cops out there laugh. I learned some lingo recently. 8th Avenue? No, they call 8th Avenue, Ape Avenue. Anthony the Belt, please. Take the bow. Take the bow, my God. There's some cops out there. Oh, there it is. I was reading this book about some police lingo and I read that and I'm like, Whoa! Alright, look, this is a dance celebration. Let's not rest for the feathers, alright? Alright, Ol' Dirty. Alright. Yo, man, you guys really doing it, kid, huh? We've been doing it for a while. You know what I'm saying? This was the highest book yet. Oh, what? It was like that? Double digits, double digits? It was through the roof. Now, in the real? Very nice. All the newspapers called us. We'll see what they print tomorrow. They'll downplay it somehow. They'll put some kind of negative spin on it. It has to be. It's the New York Press. But, yeah, qualify as a listener, alright? So this freebie is alright, then, right? Get your ass down there. It's going to fill up fast, I'm telling you. Alright, man. Are you going to go or no? Yes, I am. Peace. Oh, dang. I made someone laugh out there hard. Uh, Joe, what's up? Hey, hey, hey, Joseph Parnot from Fancy Music here. Hey, Joe. Hey, we got to thank Marvin Scott, Steven Clark, the cameraman, and everyone else who stood all the way outside. We couldn't have done it without you. That's right. Wow, all over the TV lately. Hey, 5-0 rating now. Hey, do you guys got the video from last night yet? Um, we're hoping someone will use it to us. I'm sure Steve will have more info. Yeah, we talked about earlier, there was an unbelievable live wowing on the 10 o'clock news on Channel 11. What's Cycle Mark? We sent it out to him. We sent it out to Steve, he'll have it up soon then, okay? Goodie, goodie, gun drops. Later, fellas. Congrats once again. Hey, thanks. Bye. Cycle Mark digging into the cake. Mm-hmm. That the girls brought in. Sandy and Rick's wife. They're going to join us at the strip club, too. That could be trouble. That'll be fun. I want a lap dance. The girls want lap dances. Lap dance. Guys, don't growl at my girlfriend, please. You're going to have guys coming up. I'll give you a lap dance. You can show Sandy you're drunk, just don't touch her. Oh my God. Dude, you're opening up some can of worms. No pun. Let's all have fun tonight. Alright, a lot of other people checking in here. Scott, what's going on? How are you? Can't forget about all the people who made the most offensive songs. Of course. We want to thank the guy who wrote Baby Raper. We want to thank the guy who wrote Horny for Little Girls. We want to thank the guy who wrote Old Mind Fewer. Stuck in an oven with Jews. The KKK man. Killifetus from the boys at airsick.net. Who are on the line. They wanted like... Alright, thanks Scott. Congratulations, guys. Oh yeah, look at that. Billy and Paul on line 12. Billy and Paul, what's up? Hey, congratulations. Hey guys, congrats. Can you hear us okay from Exileland? Yeah, Paul. You'd know it was good if you were in radio, Paul. Wrong book, guys. Wrong book. Lake of the Springs with Alphonse. Guys, congrats. What was it? A whole friggin' point? Very nice. On the overall number, yeah. Plus, I was very impressed. You're bringing in the teens. Yeah, we're bringing in the teeny-vomiters than the old fogies. What's gambling going to do in the morning? You guys going to come down to privilege? We want to ask permission. Are we allowed in? Shut up. Get your ass down there. Are you on the island, though? Yeah, we'll look forward to seeing you guys. You better just get the merchandise truck all fired up and back it up to the club and start selling T-shirts and mouthpacks. Anthony, are you ready for this? We're coming empty-handed. That's right. We're coming empty-handed. We'll see you down there, man. We'll see you down there, man. We can thank Bob Grant, can we? He doesn't work for this company. You buffoons. Swachim. Are they dumping out of that? Thanks, whoever fired the promo guy who was at N.E.W. when you first started. Picture this. You guys in front of the giant pop-tart. What about your concert connection, W.N.E.W.? One of the best things you've ever done. Concert connection. W.N.E.W., want to thank you. S.T.P. Concert connection. Chris from Bridgeport, Connecticut. Don't forget to thank the big V for valium. Thanks for the filtered tickets. You guys are forgetting to thank the most important person. O.J. Without him killing his wife, you guys never would have got together. Very, very true. That's how we got together, right, Ant? Yes. Regis from NBC wants to thank us. Ben wants to thank Christopher Walken and his skittles. Okay, I remember that bit. What? Nothing. People calling in. Wow, the accolades. Drew, what's up? Congratulations, guys. Good work. Listen, you can't forget three. I'm still laughing over the CBS DJs. Oops. Tom Likus. And the best of all, the airline pilot from Pakistan. Yeah, let's do it. Come on, you gotta do it once. Congratulations, guys. Thank you. Brian from East Northport, I'd like to thank Bridget for letting us make her cry. Mike from Middletown, thanks to the Pimpan and Starfish. Pimpan. Let's go to Andrew. Andrew, what's up? Hey, guys, you guys are forgetting to thank the two most famous fat women from the show. Yeah. Diva Star Jones. Yep. And Dream Week. And Dream Weaver. And Dream Weaver, yes. Guys, I'm 16, I need to get on the road show. I need to do something with you guys. Do something for the younger kids, all right? Yeah, we're going to do like the live appearance of Chuck E. Cheese for you guys, sir. We'll bring the strippers. All right, sounds good. All right, Andrew. Okay, thanks a lot. We'll put them in the ball cage with the strippers. Vinny's checking in from Privilege. Vinny, what's up? I'm going to be at Privilege at 7 o'clock. I think me and my buddy were the first ones here. Okay. Not too many people here, but it's starting to fill up a little bit now. You're waiting until later. Yeah, it's going to fill up fast. We're going to be at Privilege at 7.30 tonight. Doors are open already. Free buffet. Is the free buffet happening? Yeah, I had some ziti and some meatballs. Very nice. Pretty good, guys. And the first beer is on us, right? Thanks. We'll be there at 7.30. Privilege, corner of 23rd Street and 11th Avenue. Hey, you guys did a good job despite spas. Congratulations on your success. All right, thanks. Bye, guys. Somebody wants to thank No Doubt Anthony. Oh, great. Thank you. Somebody wants to thank Dr. Smith. Oh, dear. Steve wants to thank you. Steve. Hello, guys. You got to thank the QVC guy. Be dialing. You got to be dialing the Opie Anthony show. Get in on it now. $29.95. On WONA 102.7. Oh, yeah. Every time you check in, we'll mail you a Maguire rookie car. There's only $8 trillion, billion, gazillion Maguire rookie cars out there. They got to be worth in the tens of cents. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Still, they're selling those freaking Maguire rookie cars on that thing. It makes it sound like it's the last one on Earth. This is it. Last time we're selling them like this. Well, on this day. And then they sell them like it's nothing. He's been doing this for what? Three years? Selling these Maguire rookie cars every night. Selling hundreds of them. How many are out there? Thousands upon thousands. Millions. Okay, millions. Worthless. They're absolutely worthless. All right. Joe from the city, this is a very good one, Anthony. You got to thank E-Trade for helping Anthony keep his sanity during those long, boring shows. Yeah, great. Thank you, E-Trade. And you got to thank the crystal meth coffee machine outside the studio. Yes. Whoever fills that up every day. Thank you. Delicious. Let's see. Let's go to Dennis real fast. Dennis, what's up? I've been listening for about six months now. Where did your ratings start and where have they gone to? Wow. That's a very good question and I can answer that. We started two years ago. Not even two years ago. A year and nine months ago. We were in 23rd place overall. Yeah. It was grim. Today, overall, that includes the women. Women, children and old people. Everybody. We are now up to 6th place, 12 plus. But in the key demos for this radio show and this radio station, we are number one in every male demo that matters. That's terrific. And the male numbers before we got here, they were all in like the, I don't know, like the teens at least, if not further down. Well, congratulations, guys, and don't forget to thank the shaving cream too. The shaving cream, yes, very good. Thank you. Thank you, Dennis. Thank you, Dennis. Let's go to James. James, what's up? What's up, guys? How are you? Good, man. Congratulations. You guys forgot to thank Corky Stern. That was dumped out. The Australian dude. Yes, we love him. And Lambchop. Oh, remember Lambchop? We had the exclusive interview after What's Your Name Died with Lambchop. A mother-of-a-bitch. All right. We haven't played in a long time. I wonder if we still have that around. What the hell was her name again? What the hell was her name? Sherry Lewis. Oh, yeah, Sherry Lewis. Ray from Queens, you got to thank Tel Aviv Taxi. That one's very obscure but funny. Are we done with the thank yous yet? Yes, we are. Jesus. This is going forever. Jeff, what's up? Hi, how are you doing, guys? You forgot one big one. We'd like to thank Pizano. Yes! Joey P. I mean, they do a terrific job. I've been listening to you guys for a year now. And I tuned out of the other sports channel to listen to you guys. You guys are doing real great. Thank you, Jeff. Hey, how about some lowest tickets? Some what tickets? We have a giveaway later on this week, so hopefully we'll have that. Okay, over and out, Darned Up. Alright, Jeff, thank you. I want to thank Joey Pizano for feeding all the hangarons. And I think we have the lamb chop interview, Anthony. This goes way back. This was like the first week we were on the air. What's her name died? Sherry Lewis. She did lamb chop. And we had the exclusive interview with lamb chop right after she died. A little bitter. He was a very happy puppet. Yeah, as we go to break, check this out. Hello lamb chop! I'm free! I'm free at last! Thank God Almighty, I'm free at last! Wait a minute, what are you talking about? I thought you liked Sherry Lewis. Damn darn witch is dead! What do you mean by that? Thank God! Why do you sound so bitter? She gave you your break in showbiz! You'd be better too if you had a hand up your ass for 20 years! She wouldn't even take me off when she went to the bathroom if you touched my drip! And then she thought it was cute calling me lamb chop! It's like calling a cow meatloaf! You distant bitch! I was the whole act and she knew it! We hated each other! She sucked! Oh, she's real creative! I've listened to that shit for 20 years! Creative? I'm a fucking suck! But then she didn't have a condom in her hand when she thought me up! I'm a fucking suck! I'm a fucking suck! I'm a fucking suck! I'm a fucking suck! She thought me up! Things that look a little different! Her fucking lips move when she talks! What kind of crap is that? It's supposed to be a ventriloquist! And your mouth is moving like Monica Lewinsky! I'm a 45 cent sock from Woolworth that she made a fucking fortune off of! And I didn't get dicked! Lamb chop, what's in your future? I'm going to be in a couple of new films! That lamb chop sucks a big dick! And shove your fist in my ass! And my career is flying, that fucking bitch! Alright, Lamb Chop, I better let you go more and some more! Alright, bye bye kids! Bye! Alright, it's Lamb Chop everyone! I can't even believe these were on! He's a disgusting little man! What a douchebag! Brain wreck radio! This is sicker than faces of death! Hey Anthony, brand new sponsor to the Opien Anthony show! Yes! We got to welcome Ranch One to the program! Yeah! Best grilled chicken sandwiches on the face of the planet! Their bread is very soft, I love Ranch One Anthony! They do have the best grilled chicken sandwich! It's like the best fast food place on the planet! Because it's fresh, it's not greasy and it tastes really good! It's like the best chicken sandwich on the planet! It's like the best chicken sandwich on the planet! It's not greasy and it tastes great! Unlike any other fast food on the planet! Yes! Best grilled chicken sandwiches on earth! Grilled chicken fajitas, burritos, chicken salads, pastas and their newest creation! The grilled chicken parmesan! Something for everyone! At Ranch One! I love chicken too! Like sometimes you don't feel like getting a burger! Know who eats at Ranch One all the time? Is our producer Rick! Rick! Mr. Ranch One! Always getting the chicken sandwich! It's really good! You guys are real conscious about what you eat and everything! And the grilled chicken, it isn't fried or anything! So you don't have to worry about it being too fatty or whatever! It's awesome! What a stunning endorsement from Rick! Who's sick but eats there all the time! I got a cold! And their fries kick ass! Yes! Ranch One has restaurants throughout New York, New Jersey and Connecticut! Including most of the major malls in the area Anthony! For a menu and a complete list of all the Ranch One locations! Or to order for fast! Free delivery! Check out Ranch One on the web at RanchOne.com! And this is very cool! Stay tuned to the Opie and Anthony show! For an incredible announcement about Ranch One! An incredible announcement! About Ranch One! Just keep tuned to this radio show! Ranch One, the best grilled chicken sandwich on earth! Try it today! You'll love it! Opie and Anthony! Opie and Anthony! Opie and Anthony! Opie and Anthony! Ah! Alright, we're having a good time today! Have you um... Have you checked out wrestling last night? Oh yes I did! I wasn't even going to get into the wrestling part! Have you seen the Sammy Sosa computer game commercial yet? Yeah! It's so real! And like they dubbed in something where he says real! I don't know what he was saying but it looks like it looks like he was saying it's so ah! It's so ah! It's so... It's so real! Sammy you're at the wrong game! You're supposed to be at my house! You know the game is so real that Sammy doesn't know if he's supposed to be in the computer game or in the uh... on the field really playing and that's like the... the wacky commercial concept so uh... Sammy's cell phone rings when he's at the plate and it's the kid going No Sammy! You're supposed to be at my house! And Sammy's like What?! What?! It's so surreal! They couldn't even get him to say three words! It's so real! And I swear they dubbed it in! You can see his mouth unreal! He's going It's so raw! Raw! I'm going to have to check that out! They're running that commercial all the time! It's so funny! Hey speaking of wrestling Shane McMahon will be on the show Friday! Shane McMahon! We've got a huge pay-per-view coming up Sunday! Huge! Where's Stephanie? Gotta get her in here! That would be funny! That would be ugly! In a short can! Stone Cold Steve Austin! Yeah coming back! Gonna be in the Rocks corner! Against Triple H! Who's gonna have um... Who's gonna be in his corner? Stephanie! And uh Shane! Shane! And Vince right? Oh Vince right! That's right! Yeah what do you think? I see some kind of turn happen! I think someone's gonna get hit in the head with a chair! Come Sunday! Do you think it's time for Stephanie to turn on Triple H? No it's getting close! No not yet? It's getting close! They're gonna play it out for another... Knowing WWF six more months but... Someone's gonna make a turn! You know it! Cause the whole Stone Cold thing Stone Cold is not gonna be friends with the Rock! You know that! You think someone turns during this pay-per-view? You think Austin's gonna turn? I don't think Austin can turn! He can't do anything! He's just gonna be like just hanging out! Yeah he's gotta re-establish himself first! No he can't even wrestle yet! Oh he can't? No they're bringing him back way too early! I got a stiff neck! You see him? He can barely move! Looks like I got a big stick up my ass! So his participation is gonna be minimal at best Anthony! He might be able to hit someone with a chair! Pretty small can of whoop ass! He's the gimp! The animal activist checking in by the way from Jersey! You bastards didn't thank those poor mice who were eaten by that guy for the trip to Hawaii! Yeah! Oh wow! Maybe you should read that one! Yeah! Okay! You know what? I'm gonna go get some water! I'm gonna go get some water! Okay terrific! Pending litigation! Yeah I know! Pending litigation! We're getting a lot of reports from the club! Privilege! Yeah we're gonna be celebrating down there at 7.30 tonight! Doors are already open! There's a free buffet! And the first beer is on us and Privilege Anthony! I see him eating everything before we get there! It's a 21 plus club! Of course! It's a small place! I'm gonna be seeing some naked boobies! It's a small place! It's gonna fill up fast! So get down there soon okay? I heard there's only like 30 or 40 people there right now! Really? So you still have time to get down there but I would do it soon okay? People waiting until we're gonna get down there? I believe so yeah! Is Rudy Giuliani gonna stop down? Celebrate with us? I love the booby bars! Yeah! And Privilege is at the corner of 23rd Street and 11th Avenue! Someone on the Instant Feedback wants us to thank Brian Regan Anthony! Brian Regan! I just happened to bring in the Brian Regan CD today! This guy is hysterical! We could play a track real fast here! Let me find something good! Yeah Brian Regan is one of our faves! He works very clean and gets the job done! I think I found something quick and painless okay? Brian Regan check this out! Okay, I'm Anthony! Me? Punish ignorance! Hey ass, turn down your radio! 1027 WNEW Ha! You know last week I said this was the greatest instrumental of all time? Yeah! A bunch of people screamed and yelled at me and said how dare you say that! Obviously it was Moby Dick by Zeppelin! Aw damn you! They were passionate! They were pissed off! This is a great version by Overkill by the way! With Anthony accompanying on the Zamfier's Pan Flute! And should we do an instrumental too for today? Yeah! Two! Two for Tuesday on WNEW! Wait a minute! I heard it was exclusively on some other stage! I'm not sure what stage it was! I don't know! I don't know! It was exclusively on some other stage, you know, Moby! Wait, how is that better than this? Damn it, man! Wait, it's not all the band dancing! Wait, it's not all the band dancing! Wait, it's not all the band dancing! Yeah! I feel like Fatboy Slim today! Anyways, still an age up! Did you tell the chef the champagne is taking hold of us? Uh oh! Little champagne! How's that mixing with your valium? Good! It evens me right the hell out! Alright Anthony! Please sir, I want some more! Please sir! Phone line 2127571027 We're getting out of here in like 45 minutes! We're going down to Privilege to celebrate with our listeners once again! Join us! We have the best excuses for celebrating with our listeners! Join us! Yeah! This one's pretty good, you know! We had a good ratings book, we're feeling good! Feeling good about the show, so we might as well milk it for a day! When they turn it around and stick it in our ass! For something we do! So we went to the boss and said, Hey, we want to take our listeners, as many as will fit in a place, and go out with them, have a beer! And we're going to have a beer! And we're going to have a beer! And what a better place than Privilege! Privilege, a strip club, 23rd Street and 11th Avenue! Doors are already open, there's a bunch of people down there! It's not filled up yet though, that's good news! So if you're in the area, stop by, we'll be there in about an hour! They have a free buffet going on! And we worked this out with the club, no cover charge! And the first beer is on us and Privilege! Anthony, thank you! It's a small place and you've got to be 21 or older! So I'm going to go ahead and get some beer! Alright, let's go! Alright, let's go! Alright, let's go! So I'm 21 or older, so I would get down there soon, okay? Yeah, thank you for the great ratings, really! Man, starting out here with the bottom rung of the ladder! Man, starting out here with the bottom rung of the ladder! Man, starting out here with the bottom rung of the ladder! Climbing up with the help of our listeners, Opie! Climbing up with the help of our listeners, Opie! Give Jimmy some champagne! Give Jimmy some champagne! Yes! Jimmy was here at the beginning! Jimmy doesn't even get to hear the show because he's too busy putting all the production together for our show! Jimmy doesn't even get to hear the show because he's too busy putting all the production together for our show! Jimmy, you remember the early days, don't you? Remember the grimness of a couple of years ago? Remember the grimness of a couple of years ago? With the help of therapy, I've blocked them out! Thanks for bringing up those wounds again, Anthony! Our old boss! Matter of fact, he just walked in with a brand new production piece, Anthony! Alright! This is what Jimmy does for the show! Fantastic! Ladies and gentlemen, the following statement does not necessarily reflect the opinion of anyone in his life, mind! Now, Alan will demonstrate what having sex with a dead body might sound like! Please, Opie and Anthony show! Ahhhhh! 1027 WNW Yeah! Okay, terrific! You'll hear that a thousand times! My, how far we've come! Anthony, also, Steve checking in from FoundryMusic.com M-O-U-N-D-R-Y Music.com And we've been having like a caption contest with that famous picture from the Elion Gonzalez seas With the guy busting in with the gun, holding it against the kid in the Donato, I guess his name is Yeah, people have been coming up with some really good captions Yeah, well, um And changing the picture around It's not even a caption thing anymore People have taken the picture, scanned it into their computer or just pulled it off a website And doctored it To the point where they put it in the internet To the point where they're putting our faces on it You gotta see the best one that came in It came in today It's in Files 5 If you're familiar with the FoundryMusic.com website I was screwing around right after my laser eye surgery I came in with these really wacky glasses I didn't have to wear these glasses I was pulling around I looked like, uh, where's Waldo? Because I have the hat on top and stuff I'm the gunman I'm the gunman with these wacky glasses on I'm peeing on the floor I'm pointing the gun at Anthony Who is holding himself When I was a child They got the picture of me wearing the fur coat When I was about 11 or 12 So I'm holding myself Yes And in the closet is Spaz peeking out Peeking out around the door There's a wow sticker on the closet door There's a couple of signs in the background We love ONA signs One says cranky ass, the other one says Ilion 316 And you know there's, uh, if you look closely at the famous picture There's another gunman entering the room Well, uh, that gunman is now Ziggy From, uh, the homeless shopping street To Short Hills Mall Ziggy just his old face peeking around the corner It is hilarious There's a bunch of them on here Uh, there's also one where a guy made a band out of the picture Where the gunman is now the lead guitarist And Ilion is, uh, screaming into a microphone That's funny, Donato's holding the mic For Ilion to sing into And it looks like he's screaming And the gunman has a, uh, French guitar And he's jamming That's pretty good We're going to get a bunch more up Because we're getting tons of these Uh, the next one is, uh, well we got to thank Len Len who eliminated Ilion altogether But added Dr. Zachary Smith Oh dear With young William Yeah, it's one of those clips from Lost in Space Where Dr. Smith is scared And he's grabbing Will And that's who the gunman's pointing the, uh As the agent's pointing his gun at Oh dear, you'll never get the boy Wooo! And, uh Then the famous one The famous picture And all it says is, drop the chalupa Very good We'll have more up in the Coming days My brother's on the line I believe Uh, uh, here it is Hello, hello, hello It's Elmo, what's up? I'm trying with this girl, she lives across the street She's very hot And I'm trying to get her to wow me, but she won't do it I'm hoping you can talk to her, maybe talk her through it Talk her in Keep your nose up, keep your wings level, bring her in You should see the runway lights Hello? Uh, Jennifer, first of all, how old are you? Because my brother likes to hang out with young girls Twenty Tomorrow, my birthday's tomorrow Wow, you're old I know, very Because of no way, I'm sorry Who are you? I'm his neighbor So why aren't you wowing, why are you in the car with him? I'm in the car, we went to 7-Eleven to get some food Really? Well he obviously wants to see your uh, tatas I know he wants to see my tatas My brother is the uh, the designer of the brand new wow sticker Oh yeah, the designer of the new wow sticker, Aaron? Oh, look at that Why don't you give him a hug? But can I ask you a question, if I put a wow sticker on my car Can I see some, you know, from the car? Yeah, you can Can I see some, you know, from the guys? Oh, you're very naughty Yeah See, that's kind of, it's not fair How would you like to mow my lawn? Trust me, if you show my brother your tatas, I think he'll whip it out Can you read the guys? Huh? If you show him your tatas, I'm sure he'll whip it out Gee, thank you He does have the uh, Well I can't say my last name, the uh He has the family blessing He has the family blessing? Does he really? Do you have the family blessing? Yes he does Hey, just ask him Just ask him to say this What? Ask him to say this Hey, what are we going to do about this? Hey, what are we going to do about this? Look at my brother He's using my radio show to get some tail He really wants it He really wants it You want to play What's in Your Pants? No, he wants to play What's in My Pants You sure? Yeah, you want to do that? No, I'm scared Whose phone is it? How do you play this? Well you stick the phone down your pants and you rub it a little bit Oh my god, you guys are kidding me No, you obviously don't listen to this radio show I usually don't He told me that you're on it, so I just watched it in my car radio My brother is like using me to try to get laid He is Oh my god Alright, look Sorry, my bad You best just keep your mouth shut and take your clothes off Are you going to show my brother your boobs or what? Are you going to show my brother your boobs or what? He wants me to show you my boobs Play What's in Your Pants I don't want to play What's in My Pants, Darren I'm sorry Jennifer, you're wasting valuable radio time You're wasting valuable radio time You're on in New York Pull your pants down You are the idiot that called him Oh, they're arguing already God damn it We're not together See, they went right to marriage I know Great, if we wanted to hear this we'd all go home Can we see your stuff? This is really boring Can we see your stuff? Alright, let me talk to my brother I'm here Can you hear me? No She better be hot I think she's hot You're going to need really I'm going to get a big gulp Get the shovel out of the trunk Duct tape Duct tape You can't rip that duct tape No matter how much they squirm And it usually doesn't come loose even when drenched in blood Alright, listen Well, I want to thank you It's probably not the only way, it'll work Even though this phone call sucked I want to thank my brother He is the designer of the new wow sticker That will be all over the tri-state area In the coming weeks Would you like to thank anybody? Well, you know My agent and you know, God Big props to Jen here Yeah? Anyone else? He should get together with your brother I guess Oh, fine Could have the Darren and Joe show Darren and Joe show on the queue We should do that for like April Fools or something We'll have Darren do my part And Joe do your part It'll be pretty funny Wow, we should do that Maybe we'll also get some naked chicks Yeah, baby Why are you wasting your time? She ain't going to show you nothing Because I'm trying, yeah You're the last hope You're like Obi-Wan Kenobi, man I forgot how it used to be You've got to get a radio show, man You bastard Alright, man Alright, well, see you later Thanks for trying Maybe I'll get some later How many times have you heard that? That's like Maybe I'll get some later Maybe I'll get some later Maybe I'll get some later Maybe I'll get some later Maybe I'll get some later Maybe I'm a Chinese jet pilot Alright, Anthony If you're at Privilege, please give us a call We want to know what's going on down there We're going to be celebrating our fine ratings Okay, terrific Now we've got today, Anthony The doors are already open There's a bunch of our listeners enjoying the festivities There's a free buffet And the first beer is on us And Privilege And there is no cover charge at the door You give us ratings We give you breasts More boobs How about that? So if you have Privilege, please give us a call, okay? No private party here We don't do that And let's not forget, it's 21 and over Throw the doors open Alright That was a bummer We should have played one round of what's in my pants It's so real It's so real I want to touch it Shut up, shut up, shut up It's so real Champagne down, boss alert Anyway Look at that It sort of got to look like Animal House When Dean Wormer came into Delta House Clang, clang, clang You're at the toll booth What are the toll collectors going to do? I never understood that You know? Hey, hey How are you doing, boss? Are you coming to Privilege? I'll buy you a lapgantz On my credit card Is Spaz going to be at the cash machine? Karen, what's going on? You're going to have the ATM card at the cash machine Hold on, guys Oh my god I'll pay for all the lapgantzes for all our listeners Spaz has to go He says he won't go Get Spaz in here Karen, what's going on? Hey guys, I just wanted to congratulate you on your awesome ratings We'll be back to doing radio tomorrow We apologize for this man We're just having a show today We're very happy today I also wanted to thank the Spaz cam Yeah? Okay, here we go Let's get ready to rumble Alright, Spaz Why are you not hanging with the New York City of Privilege with our listeners This is unexpected, I'm in the process of moving It's a bad time You are not going to move at 7 o'clock at night No, that's not what I'm going to do Go work for the show that's in 10th place We're not going to stay there long I think the listeners are expecting to see the people that are involved in this program I'm going to be home by 8.30 Oh Spaz Spaz, you're just assuming we're going to be number one forever This is a very special day I know, but this all caught me by surprise Spaz, Spaz, Spaz, wait a minute No one's going to say it But everyone's assuming there's a reason why you're not going That's the reason It's not it, so shi- I don't care how tough you are, that's not the reason Uh oh, Fight Club Old Dirty is in the studio He's rousing Spaz Your pussy whipped What happened Spaz? My girlfriend Sandy's even going I understand that She hates strip clubs and she's going fast Spaz Unacceptable This is a required Let me tell you something Let me tell you something You want to get closer to everybody that's involved with this show And you're blowing us off when it's a very special day for us Unacceptable I'll make a phone call Make a phone call Come back and report to us Bring your lovely girl back Bring your lovely girlfriend Tell her to get on the train Alright Make that call Hey Mark Uh oh He just split Mark the bird man If someone doesn't go out there and listen in on this call I swear I'll shoot somebody I want a full transcript of this phone call No, let's get him to call his girlfriend live on the air Live on the air Live on the air Oh my god Dude you know that's what it is ABC guy what's up How's it going Hey What are you trying to say What are you trying to say Okay We're going to stay whatever to get on the air But my buddy has a huge lower lip like Patrick Ewing And uh Whatever Alright listen We're going to get Spaz's girlfriend on the line And we'll smooth this over Spaz has to join it's a privilege It's required This is one of those things that you have to go to It's part of the show Alright hold on we have to take a break first No look how late we are Hang up the phone I want to talk to Mo He was at privilege I want to see what kind of crowd he got Hey wise guy Hey Mo what's up Hey Mo Hey thanks Mo Congratulations on the rating Your movie sucked last night by the way Hey Mo hey I'm warning you I was just down there man And my friend forgot his wallet We got to go back we're going to get it Well you guys are supposed to stay until we get there We're going back there We're going back there now Hey your furniture is in competent hands We're all incompetent Hey Mo Alright Mo Take care guys Robert's outside the club they won't let him in Robert I'm on 10th Avenue and 23rd Street I just tried to go in and the big black bounce With the funny little hat Won't let me in Nothing Are you 21 you have ID? I'm 20 It's 21 Dude you're going to get us screwed it's 21 and over I didn't know I didn't know that See I didn't know that I apologize It's a naked breast Which has been deemed harmful To the youth of America So you have to be 21 to see a booby Yes Alright guys I'm sorry to bother you Bye Robert 21 and over please like Oprah said We will do an appearance at a Chuck E Cheese sometime in the near future We'll have a special Where we all get in the ball pit Yes With the colored balls and baby drool Anyone else that privilege give us a call But we're going to be there at 730 23rd Street and 11th Avenue It's not too late to get your ass in the door If that doesn't end up on a promo Opi and Anthony colored balls and baby drool N-E-W They got a free buffet First beer is on us and privilege 21 and over Alright Get your ass down there it's going to fill up by the time we get there Okay we'll be back And we'll get Spaz and his girlfriend on the phone next Opi and Anthony Can we get these illiterates off the air please Please suck If I wasn't on it I wouldn't listen 1027 WNEW I might actually have to move the N-E-W preset in my truck up a notch Up a notch Just one notch it is still the last preset on my radio I'm very critical I'm on it all the time Now But remember the debauchery that was our first few months here With management and everyone else I refused to put it number one on my history I refused to put it number one on my history I refused to put it number one on my history I refused to put it number one on my history I refused to put it number one on my history I refused to put it number one on my history I refused to put it number one on my history It is the sixth button It is the sixth button It is the sixth button Remember we leave you with the sounds of N-E-W years past Alright Ant we're almost out of here We're going to privilege We'll be there by 730 There's plenty of room still Bill, at this point. Yep. Let her rip. Privilege, corner of 23rd Street and 11th Avenue. 21 and over, please. Free admission, free buffet, first beer on O&A. And privilege, okay? Little thank you for the wonderful ratings you've given us. Now Spaz just dropped a bombshell and said he's not going to be hanging with us tonight. I'm not going. I have to move. If you were listening to the soap opera, that is Spaz. Last week he wants to get close to everyone. I want to get closer to the bosses. That's part of the show. I was talking with Jeremy. I guess he just assumes that we're going to just be number one for the next 10 years. It's a very special day, Spaz. Did you see Jeremy come in just earlier and say goodbye because he was going back to Washington? And everybody's like, all right Jeremy, take it easy, take it easy. And Spaz is trying to get his personal goodbye in there. He's like in the corner of the studio, he's like, Jeremy, goodbye, Jeremy, and Jeremy just walked out of the studio. It was so sad. I heard he did say hi to Ken, the real big boss, the biggest boss at the station. What happened there? Then he put his head down and said hello and ran right into his office. Of course he did. He thinks you're a lunatic. Well Spaz, we have a feeling that you're pussy whipped and we got your girlfriend on the line. I'm not pussy whipped. The lovely Erica is on the phone. Yes. Erica? Erica? Yeah. How are you? Good. My battery's dying so you guys have to make this really quick. All right Spaz, talk to Erica. Erica? Yeah? Hi, the guys are going to Privilege tonight to celebrate being number one? Yeah, I told you you could already go when I called you before. I asked you if you were going and you said no. So you're blaming it on your girl and it says- No, what? You're blaming it on me? Loser! Loser! Loser! Loser! Now you're not allowed to go. What a loser! He does this all the time. He does this all the time. What's your problem Spaz? I'm not going to listen to you. I'm not going to listen to you. I'm not going to listen to you. I'm not going to listen to you. I'm not going to listen to you. I'm not going to listen. I'm going with you. Kevin, Kevin. Oh my God. Kevin. Yes? I'm on my way there already so- So Erica's going. Now that would have been funny. Erica, what are the odds we'll get you on stage to do a little poll there? What? What? There are no odds. My girlfriend's going to do it. She's not going on stage. Erica? Yeah. I'm going. She's not a show piece for everybody. I'll see you tonight. This is a party. I'm going. Yes, just for me. Just for you. Very cute. Erica, so you're going to join us at Privilege? Yes, I am. Very good. Were you going to tell Spass this? Because he was running home. He is such a... I called him before when I heard about it and I asked him if he was going so I knew what I should do for the rest of the night. He said, no, I'm coming home. I said, are you sure you don't want to go? He was like, I'm positive. So I called him and he could go. Stop that! Do not even go there. You told him he could go and he decided that he doesn't want to hang out with us, I guess. I guess so. Stop that! I asked him if he wanted to go and he said no. Spass, what's the problem, man? Why wouldn't you want to go? Don't worry, the strippers take credit cards. Why wouldn't you want to go? I'm tired, I'm broke, I have things to do. I guess I'm going now. Oh gee, thanks. Gee, thanks for throwing us a bone. No, you go home and we'll hang with Erica. Don't worry, we won't touch her. We'll just have fun. Erica, you want to hang out with us, right? Yeah, I'm on my way there. Yeah, of course. All right. But I have to figure out where Kevin's going to be because all I know how to get to is the studio. How far are you from the studio? About 25 minutes. All right, that's not bad. You want to just meet her outside, Spass? Yes. Let's make your plans live on the air. This is great. Is that okay? Yeah. Okay, and then you can drive down there together? I'm allowed to go, Kevin, you sure? Yes, I was only going to go with you. I know that's the deal. You want to just keep your girlfriend away from our listeners. Is that it? I knew it. I hit it right on the head. I'm going to hit you twice again. I look like crap anyway, so it really doesn't matter. Erica's been through too much already. What are you going to do? Keep her chained at home? I put her chained to a fan. She wants to hang out with us. She's part of the show like you are. I just don't want to put her through any more hell. Hell, it's a party. Just don't write it down on your calendar and everything will be okay. Sorry, I can't resist. We'll see you at the station in a little while. Okay. Make sure Spaz doesn't talk you out of going down there. Stay away from old D. He can take the train home. I'll still go. All right, cool. I'll see you guys later. All right, Erica. Bye. Stay away from her. Oh my God. Spaz, will you still ask? Spaz is telling old Dirty to stay away from her. You are so defensive. You're going to lose it just because of that. No, I don't. Old Dirty is just kidding. I know she's beautiful and everything. White girl, creamy like the inside of a Twinkie. You're going to have me swap me tonight. Twinkie will be ripped. Spaz, you get too possessive. She's going to run for the hills, man. All right, I'll calm down. Relax, Kevin. Relax, yo, relax. White girl. What's on the menu tonight? We're having white girls. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Wow. Spaz chasing after old Dirty. Old Dirty, don't touch the women down at Privilege. No, I've changed in a week. I really have. I went up to the Fortress of Solitude. The Fortress of Solitude, yeah. You know, I went down the list of everything that I was doing wrong. Uh-huh. And I changed. And I changed and I'm a new man. You have a tone. That's right. All right. I have a tone for my sins. But I'm probably still with Kevin's girlfriend. The Fortress of Solitude. That's called Rikers, right? No. I was thinking about the regular name for that. Keith's mom, what's up? Hey, how are you? How are you, Keith's mom? I'm so happy you guys just finally took my call. Yes. I'm having a big problem. Why? Well, you know, my 12-year-old son that was on the radio with you in the one bit of the week. Keith rules. I'm so happy about that. Keith, yeah. Keith watched you and your lovely husband have sex. Well, I didn't know about that. I didn't understand that. Yeah, I didn't know about that. But I have an older son, a 16-year-old son, that like, we're really close. And his friends all love me. And they think I'm like the cool mom. But whenever I try like, you know, like growing up on the radio, I mean, we have tapes of all the songs. We loved all the inappropriate songs and stuff. Does this story have any point at any time? Yeah, it does. It does. Could you please reach it? Alright, I'm trying. I'm glad you're not giving me the train. It's because, like, you try to be like, you never, when you're young, alright, come on. When you're young, you never think that you're going to be like old and sorry. You're going to have to hold on for two seconds. Hold on, hold on. This is the funniest thing going on in here. You cannot even imagine what just happened. I caught the view of it. Spaz has boxing gloves on. Spaz put boxing gloves on. And old Dirty has boxing gloves on. For some reason, Rick got into the mix. Spaz punched Rick right in the forehead. Punched him right in the forehead. Alright, so there's a little fight going on. So now there's a fight going on. Alright, so there's a little fight going on. So now there's a fight going on, but they're really throwing. Like Rick is ready to throw. Rick is very pissed off. Put the gloves on, Rick. Put the gloves on. Put the gloves on. Give him a little, uh, give him a little love tap. Got a Spanish guy against a white guy. Guess who's going to bleed? I'm going to get my hat. Oh, man. Alright, listen. No blood. Shoot. This is some, uh... What do you want to fight me? Too late. You punched Rick in the face. Alright, listen. Just nice. Like a little pillow fight. Yes, of course. Alright, don't go crazy. They're squaring off, Spaz and Rick. Rick got punched square in the face by Spaz. He punched him in the face. He didn't see it coming. Rick was trying to let him get a few warm-ups in. Warm-ups. Like he was going to, uh, he put his hands up. And Spaz just punched him in the face. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Spaz is going to look like Chuck Webner in a minute here. Ha ha. Not in the nose. Not in the nose. What are you, nuts? Don't hurt him, man. Look at this. It's just a standoff. No one's throwing. This doesn't look good. They're just standing on each other. This doesn't look good. Oh, Spaz doing some fancy footwork. Spaz doing the rope-a-dope, Anthony. Get a body blow. Spaz is doing the rope-a-dope. Crack those ribs, Rick. Alright. No, no, no. It's going to get all in there. They're going at it. Wait a minute. No one's... Oh, man. Spaz took a shot at Rick. Just a glancing blow off the face. Oh, my God. Alright, hold on. Alright, stop it. It can't be real. Hold on. Hold on. Oh, my God. Alright, calm down. It's so real. Alright. Oh, my God. Rick just popped him in the head. Spaz is up. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Dude, they're brawling. Alright, hold on. Spaz knocked the clock on the wall. Spaz is jumping up trying to hit him in the head. Spaz... Spaz... Rabbit pushed the clock. The clock fell off the wall and knocked Rick on the top of the head. The clock is broken. Alright, that's the end of the round. Very good. Oh, my God. At one point, Spaz hit the ground. Rick leaned over because Spaz is sitting on the ground ready to get up and punched him right in the face. And then Spaz just went animal, started jumping around like a lunatic and punched the clock off the wall. I cleaned his clock. No, no, Spaz. You broke the clock in the studio. Yeah, the clock was falling right on top of Rick's head. That was great. Is there any wonder why this show is number one on the Avenue Drive? Alright, listen. Wow. Wow. I need the clocks so we know what time it is. You guys are insane. You guys are crazy. Like just punching each other in the face. The gloves, though. Gloves don't matter. I saw you lean over and punch Spaz right in the friggin' head. Right in the forehead. Alright. Yeah, you guys shake. Ken Stevens, I'd like to punch you at some point. We're all supposed to be on the same team today. We're all happy. Okay, good. Wow. That was great. Now we got boxing gloves for fight club? That's a little crazy. You need head gear. We need head gear and stuff. You got that on video? Yeah, I got it right here. You missed the video, didn't you? No, I got it all. Awesome. Okay. He got the clock falling off the wall and hitting Rick on the head? Did you get the shot? I got the sucker punch. You totally sucker punched. Yeah, that was a good sucker punch. Spaz fell down. He's sitting on his ass. He goes to get up so he puts his hand down on the floor to boost himself up. Rick leans over and punches him in the face. I think it must be honey because big Kevin's right between us. So I had to go over Kevin and just... I saw that. Then Spaz tried to jump over Kevin to punch Rick in the head. That's when he knocked the clock off the wall. The clock just went flying. The white guy's not bleeding so I give the win to Spaz. You don't look like Chuck Webner after all. On the judges' cards, I got to give it to Rick. He went in hard with a bunch of body blows. Then when Kevin was down, he hit him in the forehead. The boxing gloves brought to you by the new morning show, Scott and Sid. Oh yeah? Cool. That long roller coaster ride where it goes... There at the bottom. That's the position they've been given by the Manson and Kaczynski morning show. That was great. We've got to get out of here. I think old Dirty just found a job. It's not 6 o'clock. Change the time though. It's not 6.15 anymore. Yeah, I know. Who cares? The clock hands frozen in time. When Spaz knocked it off the wall. A haunting reminder. 6.51, yeah. There you go. Holy Jesus, Alan. We've got to get out of here. Out of your friggin' mind. Tomorrow's show's going to be a mess too because I think it's somebody's birthday around here. Somebody's? I forgot about that. That's right. I want the tie sheet. That wasn't my birthday. I know. So tomorrow's show will be just as messy. And you have no idea what we have in store for you. Award winning afternoon drive. Let's thank all the listeners again. Thank you very much. You guys are obviously a huge part of this show. And we're all going to celebrate a privilege, Anthony. Right now we're headed down to Privilege. We'll be there in hopefully a half hour, 23rd Street and 11th Avenue. Enjoy some beers, boobs, wonderful. And a buffet. Beers, boobs, buffet. And we'll be there in a half hour, 23rd Street and 11th Avenue. Enjoy some beers, boobs, wonderful. And a buffet. Beers, boobs, buffet. And maybe a boxing match. 21 and over. Free buffet, first beer on us, Anthony. Head down there. And no cover charge. Okay? We'll see you guys down there hopefully within a half hour. And we'll see you guys tomorrow. That too, thank you. 11127 WNEW