 OP and Anthony. What other radio shows can give you like, uh, intelligence talk about stocks? And girls playing What's in My Pant? Yeah, the OP and Anthony show. 1027 WNEW. It's the OP and Anthony show. Hey, what's up? You're enjoying the musical stylings of Korn. Yes. I heard the show over the weekend was off the hook. Korn playing the hook? Off the hook, yo. Off the hook, yo. Yo. Of course Korn playing this weekend as well. Yeah, that's what the kids are saying these days. It's off the hook, yo. It's like we're so old. I'm hearing rumors too. Korn did an interview recently, Anthony? Yeah. Uh, they're gonna be touring with Metallica and Kid Rock this summer. However, that bill remains unconfirmed. Oh, that would be an unbelievable show. Korn, Metallica and Kid Rock? I do believe someone would, uh, die a show like that. Yes. Not bad. What? Nothing, that show. That's funny. Are you gonna be dressing up like Gwen Stefani tonight, Anthony, for the show? Oh, don't I always when I go to my down? I dress up like Gwen. I see you got your hair dyed pink for the show tonight. Yeah, yeah. You see that, I'm sure, right in front of your face. That's what I'm seeing. That's right. It might have been the blotter ass that I did before the show, but it looks like you got pink hair and a pink goatee right now. I dress like Gwen. For the No Doubt Show tonight. For Gwen. And I stand right in front and I gawk at her and try to get her attention. And I dream of a day where I may be able to go home with Gwen Stefani and chop her into little pieces, bury her in the yard with the other dirty girls. So, Ed, tonight when you're at the No Doubt Show, what's the move when this song comes on? Are you just gonna be like, fuck! What are you, a tool? What's the move, though, or do you just kind of nod to the stage like, yeah, all right, I know this one. Do you know the deal when your favorite song comes on when you go to a show? No, I think I rip my clothes off and try to sexually assault Gwen Stefani during this song, and that's what it is. That's the move, right? I rush to the stage and try to get through the bouncers and try to rip her clothes off. Yeah, that's it. Who have you got, babe? I'm going to No Doubt tonight. Should be around the corner. Should be a lot of fun. Over at Roseland. Oh, yeah, should be a lot of fun tonight. It should be. Say hi to all the Z100 listeners. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Big Z100, man. You know, payback's a bitch there often. No, no, yeah. You know, I'm sure there will come a time when Sandy wants to go to a certain show that's in town, Ricky Martin, and I don't go. Oh, you don't? No, I swear. You get the tickets. I get the tickets for her, but I don't go. Why not? I have corn tickets for her and I for the weekend. Yeah? Because she's into the corn. Good. She's into the corn stuff. There won't be any shows. I think she's into No Doubt, but I... No, see, I've been going out with her a long time. That's the difference, right? Oh, is that it? Oh, yeah. You just bail? See, you're kind of like starting over. You've got to realize that. There are things you do in a relationship at first. Just an observation. I can't get inside my pal's head, but... I mean... You go out with someone as long as I have with Sandy, then you start blowing off like the No Doubt shows and stuff. All right, easy. Yeah. There it is. The look on Opie's face when he went to Oddball and told him he needed Ricky Martin tickets for Sandy. Yeah. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Virgil. Virgil. Virgil. Okay. Virgil. Hey! Yeah, you had a fun look on your face that time. Okay. So what? I'm not secure enough? I didn't say you were not secure enough. To go to a No Doubt show? And it's up to you what you want to do with it. I don't care. Well... Let it be known I did not go to the Ricky Martin show. I did get the tickets, you're right. And it was embarrassing. And I did get a Ricky Martin autographed photo for Sandy as well. Yeah. So, who do I write this out to, Opie? Oh, girl, ew. I didn't have to like... Hey! I didn't have to meet him or anything. I'm just assuming the record company made out the picture. Yeah, it's probably somebody just sitting in there at the record company. Okay, I'll sign that. Ricky Martin. So tonight, when you're at the No Doubt show... Yeah. You're going to get your lighter out when they go into the slow one? You're a jackass, man. Yeah. Get a sway back and forth with the 14-year-old girls from C100. Hey! Come on. What's the move when this song comes on? The same move as the other songs. I stand, I watch the band performing. What is this? No move? It's no move. I watch the band. All right. And everyone else. That's what I do. Come on, yeah, rock. This is rock and roll. First of all, Rick... First of all, Rick, Mr. Loverboy concert... What's your problem with this whole thing? So? Yeah, Rick, you've gone to the worst shows out of all of us. I don't think you were taking a girl with you to the Loverboy show. Yes, I did. No, you weren't. Yes, I did. That didn't come. And I got paid. I got paid to be there. Yeah, I kind of like it for it. Anyway... Look at Ben. Ugh! Anyway, so... Come on. If any of our faithful listeners are going to make it to the No Doubt Show, I want a full report. I want to know what Ed's doing during these hits. Oh, you know damn well tomorrow you'll be getting pogoed. Oh, is it the No Doubt Show? Anthony was dancing. He was dancing, it was great. He had his lighter on, he was like pogoing, he danced, marching. He wore his in-sync concert T-shirt to the show. And then he was in front of Gwen. He was dressed like a gaping from Bush to try to get her attention. He dyed his hair pink and started talking in a British accent. Yeah, that's exactly... You know our listeners. They're full of crap. And I expect our listeners to be nothing but honest tomorrow. Dude, it's a fun night out at Roseland with my girlfriend to go see No Doubt. Is there a problem with that? You know what? I'm not. I'm totally not explaining myself. It's certainly worth bringing up on the radio show though. Of course. I can see it through you, but I can't see it through you Oh, it's kind of Ross right here. Look what you see Don't tell me how it hurts Okay, okay. I'm coming. You won't be wearing any makeup like Rick did to the Loverboy Show though, right? No, Rick wore some eyeliner, I believe, was what Rick wore. No, I won't be wearing any. No, that was to the Ramones Show. You know that band, the cool band, the Ramones? That was the makeup. Oh yeah, okay. Dude, I don't even care if you went to see Tarek. Don't turn this around on me. Wait, wait, we got him. Ant bought a brand new pair of Jordans for tonight. Don't try to turn this around on me. See, we only deal with the facts here, Rick. It is a fact that Ant's going to the No Doubt Show, yes. So? But to justify that... You're going to be twice the age of everybody out there. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. To justify that wearing makeup is okay because it was a Ramones Show, that is... There's no defense against that. Funny. It's like, hey man, I wore full eye makeup and eyeliner and ruse, but it was a Pantera Show, so I'm okay. Rick's trying to make... And Anal C was warming up, so I'm fine. Anal C. Rick's trying to make more of this than there is. And to Rick's defense, as is Opie. Trying to make a little more of this than there really is. I don't really have to do much with this stuff. I don't care. I'm just following Opie. He's making fun of you. I'm right behind you. I hope he doesn't stop too short. Oh, I'll give you something. That'll be right up your ass. It's already there. I'll give you something to abuse me about. Wanted to go to the STP show last night. Really wanted to go. Ben was there. Ben was great, huh? Awesome. One of my favorite bands. Really wanted to go. Had to blow off the STP show, Anthony, last night. The STP show. Right. Why? Should we take a break? Why did I just abuse him for 15 minutes? Well, I had more important things to do last night than the STP show. What's that? STP, one of my favorite bands of all time, I believe. What'd you have to do? I was at a birthday party. One of those kiddie parties for the one-year-old that will never remember that he's having a party. No. The opposite end of the spectrum. Oh, yeah. Okay. Now I'm remembering from yesterday, you told me. I went to my grandma's 90th birthday party last night instead of going to the STP show. Did you slip of the tongue for a birthday? Was it that, grandma? I only have one. So it was her that you slipped the tongue to many years ago? No, the tongue never went in her mouth. It was approaching her mouth when she told me to close my mouth. Right. It was approaching her mouth when she put her hand on top of your head and pushed you down. Now, if you're going to stick that out. No, it was at my grandma's 90th birthday last night. Oh, okay. Got to thank the fine people at Baxter's Grill in Port Washington for throwing the bash. Well, I can't really abuse you on that. It's a family obligation. I understand family issues. That's fine. You know, you probably had fun anyway. You're hanging out with your brothers and stuff and your family. You're going to tip in a few. You're really going to let me off the hook here? What am I going to do? I would sound like I'm just trying to make something out of nothing if I'm abusing you. That's all. I understand it's the kiss thing and stuff is kind of funny. You must have had fun though, hanging out with your family. We had a great time and then Sandy drove the cabrio to the restaurant. Okay, now you're getting a little closer to something I can sink my teeth into. So I leave the restaurant. There's notes all over the damn windshield. Oh, really? I think we're a little more popular. I mean, we realize. Diamond dust. That's just a fake mobile. Exactly. That was one. Practically word for word, right on the windshield. Made diamond dust. Nice car. That's one of them. That's pretty good. Bunch of wow signs on the car and stuff. I'm like, oh, okay. That was a good time. How pathetic though. My grandma, she left completely snotted. Oh, really? Yeah, because I have one of these like 90-year-old grandmothers that are still with it, are still happening. There's other people that say, yeah, my grandma's 90 and doing really well. And then you meet them or something. And they're like, oh, well. They're just a shell. Right. My grandma still parties. She still drinks. Totally coherent. Coherent. Cool. Could live on her own, but she's not currently. Up until recently, still going to Atlantic City with her like 95, 96-year-old sister. Yeah. To gamble. Wow. And I'm looking at myself going, I'm so freaking pathetic because they pretty much had a carrier to my parents' car to get her out of there. It's not. And I had like two glasses of wine and I'm like, a mess today, hungover. Sounded like a psycho Mark yesterday. That's a massive mess of it. But it was a lot of fun. It was great seeing the cousins. That's cool. How can I give you any flack about that? And not many comments about our radio show, which is nice because that's always uncomfortable. Yeah. Do you get that when you go to the family functions? All the time. Like you have the younger cousins and stuff that really dig the show. And they say, hey, man, you know, you guys are huge at my school or whatever. Then you got like the cool aunts and uncles. Yeah. You know, they come over to you and go, hey, you know. I really like the show. Yes. Well, let you know. But then you have the people that you know, you know, you're like, oh, I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. I'm going to go to the radio show. where they can let things simmer down. A lot of people don't read the papers on Saturday or Sunday. Then by Monday it's all over. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. All we have to do is like behave for a month and we pretty much get what we want. Syndication back to Boston. Just leave certain situations alone and we'll be fine. Right. But we'll let...Ant and I are like crack addicts. We can't put the pipe down. We cannot put the pipe down. We know it's wrong. Things are handed in our lap like a big rock is put in our hand. And we know if we smoke it, we're going to get screwed. Right, but we can't throw the rock down. As much as we try. We're addicted to this crap. We know it's wrong. We know that when we do certain things, we're going to catch hell for it. And sometimes quite serious hell. But for some reason, for that thrill, for that radio that we get out of it for 5-10 minutes, we just have to do it. I don't know what it is. We tiptoed the line of being fired on a weekly basis. And that's not a date or anything. All we have to do is not tiptoe. Don't go to the line there. We know what we're supposed to do and we still can't do it. But for some reason, I think that's why our listeners like listening to the show. Yeah, it's sort of a catch-22. You guys know eventually we're going to blow up ourselves. You know it. Don't say that. You said that last time. God, I hate when you finally make that little announcement. I mean, we're trying. We're trying to behave. We're just trying to do entertaining, fun radio. Other people don't seem to see it that way. Hello, my name is Anthony. Right. It's been two weeks since we were last not team players. We had a three-week run there though. One day at a time, they say. You fall off the way. We ought to get like chips like they do with AA, I guess. What do they give you? Chips? Is there a 12-step program to totally effing up your career? We're trying. Because as the boss said yesterday, Stupid! You're so stupid! We were up to three weeks without getting in trouble, which was the longest for a while. And we blew that streak two days ago, I guess. I don't know how that happened. So officially, this is the second day that we're not in trouble. So we talked to the guy up in Boston. I was scared. The first thing out of his mouth, what the hell did you guys do? What the hell is wrong with you? What's wrong with you? And then you try to explain it. It never makes sense. You always just sound like you're trying to explain yourself. It's just like when somebody tries to explain themselves on this show. Right. It just doesn't work. You dig yourself deeper. So here we are, syndication never. It was supposed to happen January 1st. We're up to April 6th. And rumor has it another month has been tacked on to our heads. That's what I'm hearing now. Another month. There was no clean decision made as to when we were going to be syndicated. Right. But whenever that would have been, Right. now there's an extra month on. An extra month tacked on. So there's not even a light at the end of the tunnel. And all we have to do is like stay out of trouble. And we get what we want. We know that. We know that as we sit here. I don't know, man. But things are like just dropped in our lap. Yeah. The rock falls right into the pipe and it jumps in our mouth. The pipe is in your mouth? Well, the crack pipe. The crack pipe. Come on. I think we all know what analogy I'm making. All right. So with that, we move on. Yes. Of our little local New York radio show. It's not little though. That's the cool part. Or we would have been fired, I think. Yeah. But to the people that matter, they know who they are. Just want to let you know, we're just trying to have some fun. Yeah, that's a little fun. Just trying to have fun and entertain our faithful listeners. That's all. That's all we're trying to do here. That's it. If you think about it, really. That's it. Problem? I don't see why. All right. Now, let's move on with the show. Yeah, I guess we're in the daily news today. We could discuss that. We got to play Joe's song again. We have Stephen Lynch coming in today with two brand new songs. Brand new songs. Yeah. Rock. One. We're going to get the new entry cut up too. All right. Another new entry in the most offensive song contest. There's a couple other things we had to get to today too. I can't remember. J-Mor might be stopping in. I don't know. It'll develop as we go here. 2127571027. We'll be right back. Hi, this is Louis Black from The Daily Show. And you're listening to two of the most psychotic human beings I've ever met. My pals, Opie and Anthony on 102.7 WNEW. I'm all for violence sometimes. Anthony. Hey, you guys are a bunch of thugs. God, I want to punch you in the face. That'll leave a bruise. 1027 WNEW. It's the O&A show. Well, it'll be a lot of helpful emails coming in from me. Wendy writing in, Anthony, do you want to borrow my skirt for tonight's No Doubt show? Vinnie Staten Island. Anthony is going to be the designated alcohol purchaser for all 12 and 13 year old girls. Chris from Jersey, please tell me that Anthony won't be wearing a belly shirt. At the No Doubt show? Yeah. Yeah, that's what I'm going to be doing. The people are pounding. That's pretty funny. Hey, come on. All right, Jake has something to say. All right, Jake, what's up? Hey, guys, how you doing today? Pretty good. You know, I was thinking about this whole syndication thing. And it's like that scene in Shawshank Redemption. Yeah. Every time Morgan Freeman goes in for his parole hearing, he's like, oh, yeah, I'm rehabilitated. I'm real good. Nothing will happen again. And they deny him and he goes back. And finally, the last time he goes in, he's like, you know what? Screw you guys. I haven't changed. I don't care. Well, we care. I know. We just have a weird way of showing it. Well, it makes it fun on our side here. You know, we watch you guys. It's like watching, you know, like watching a jumper on the roof. You're like, you're waiting for something to happen. Like, come on, you want to take that next step? He falls off. Oh, eventually there'll be a big disgusting stain on the sidewalk. And that's all that will be left of the Ophian Anthony show. And that's the only bad thing is then afterwards you like to walk away like, I know what? Get something to eat or something. Yeah. How true. How true. That's pretty much it. All right, Jake. All right, guys, be good. Thank you. Over and out, Diamond Ducks. 10-4. 10-10-10-8. Keep it between the ditches. Good buddy. You shake the trees, I'll rake the leaves. Good buddy. Keep the shiny side up and the dirty side down. Double nickels all the way. I'm distracted because Jennifer had an erotic dream about ONA. What? We always have a problem with these. What? We like when you ladies have like an erotic dream about one of us. Yeah. When you lump us together, it's just, it's dream homo. Dream homo. Jennifer, what's going on? Dream homo. Hi, guys. Yeah, one of those erotic... I've had more than one. This is why I'm calling. Okay. It's getting to be a problem. Yes. Yes. Well, tell us about the last one. Well, it's very vivid. Yeah? Yeah, vivid. Well, just talking code, you know, you know some of the code words of the show, hopefully, by now. Yes, I do. Okay. It's kind of embarrassing. I mean, like, you guys are, you know, I'm pleasuring you guys. You're pleasuring me. It's just... Oh, yeah? It's just, it's a constant thing. It's like I'm, I am infatuated with you guys. So... I'm dreaming about you guys. Why? How does it start? How does it start? Yeah, how does it start? Give us a little rundown on the dream. I have a feeling I'm going to be creeped out, but let's go. No, it's usually like, you know, we're friends and we're hanging out somewhere, having a few drinks and... Not too weird yet. Okay, good. And then, you know, and then we're all flirting and hanging out and attracted to each other and one thing leads to another and before you know it, you know, you're just hanging out and you're just having a drink. Okay. Okay, listen. Are we all naked? Sometimes, sometimes, you know, sometimes not. I mean, it's just, it's just very vivid in the fact that you guys are really there, like the conversation is just, you know, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just very vivid in the fact that you guys are really there, like the conversation is just, you know, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's okay listen are we all naked you uh sometimes sometimes you know sometimes not i mean it's just it's just very vivid in the fact that you guys are really there like the conversations your personalities are there who's uh better opi yeah but then that is it sure is a dream all right and then sandy always gets in the way you know but well well then it is real life i was going to say you sure it's a dream it's really i mean it's getting to be a problem i wake up every morning and i'm like why is this happening i'm dreaming about these two guys that do you have a boyfriend are we uh did we put you on the rotisserie or anything in your dream like hard to get back not yet no no just taking our turns going to ten yeah you know like uh one one is one of the dreams that i remember very vividly we're in a hotel room overlooking the ocean and we were on like the 28th floor and you guys uh had brought some wine some good pina grigio and uh you know uh cycle mark made a delivery for us before that what's that pot i'm sorry are you sure this is a dream i've been listening you guys long enough to know the realities that's what i'm saying is that it's like really in my brain it's like these are all realities for me in my in my dreams yeah now uh you have a boyfriend not at the moment yeah no i'm not getting any you know that's the other that's it you're pent up what do you look like um i'm cute you know i'm like five five uh blonde hair uh i weigh about 125 big boobs yeah they're ample they're ample i like the word ample ample very nice all right but it's always you know i have to be honest it's anthony is always like the main i mean anthony sorry yeah opi is always like the the main man you know i don't know i don't know what it is jennifer only if sandy you can't say that on the air opi what i i but i'm not in the air so i heard no you are on the air no i mean i i'm not we had a dump out opi said exactly the f word don't you think sandy would have a problem with that uh she has a problem with a lot of things oh really exactly you're willing to make your dreams come true huh if it was just me you and it and i get it no sandy should be uh you know part of the management team of this company let's just put it that way what do you i she too has a problem with a lot of things i do yeah well you know i mean she chose that life she has to deal with it no she's cool hey if i'm if i'm too cool you're paying for her cruise in her car hey if i'm tooling you can you change your name i definitely don't want to be saying that one anthony my real name is jennifer i was not i'm sorry i got that name man i didn't mean to all of a sudden i'd be doing it she'd leave with my wallet no no no no no i would just be sad if i'm happy with the whole experience i wouldn't want anything else from you all right um where are you right now uh uh in my car you want to play a quick round of what's in my pants uh sure really all right what road are you on i can't tell you that no uh what are you wearing uh jean and a t-shirt right now well get out of those jeans let's go get out of those jeans my god how do i do that what do i do i pull over inside the road and put the phone in my pants for me yeah you just uh loosen up your pants and then you put the phone down uh against your thatch and you do a little rubbing back and forth so we could get kind of a line on what you're packing down there right what kind of all right well i don't think the line of cars in front of me or behind me would appreciate it so i will pull over um oh man we'd like when the girls do it while they're driving oh yeah oh you do oh yeah what kind of panties you got on as the ambulance wheeled up to the accident scene they're wondering how the phone got there the best yet is there's a school bus in front of me oh good all right what kind of panties you have under those jeans oh victory secret oh well that's telling right there isn't it i'm thinking black that's a little tell me no today i have on white white okay white yes must not be that time of the month very good i got your cycle down then too usually girls break out the brown panties oh oh you're gross you're gross i'm that's over they don't use my start out brown oh no i'm saying i'm not lying i know you're not you girls like the darker colors when you know your friend comes absolutely all right so are you ready to play what's in my pants yeah i just have to get away from the school bus with the fourth grade is on in front of me first okay all right we're gonna look real all right as you pull over i vote mohawk as you pull over i gotta uh read a few instant feedback steve from jersey i had a sex dream about spaz oh my god that's a nightmare he was the pivot man at nambla's uh circle circle jerk that's funny kevin spacey checking in anthony oh yeah yeah what time should i pick you up for the no doubt show tonight kevin damn there's so many school buses out i hope you about my face on the uh rag magazines like they did that young male model he was with the other day you know if jay more is coming by we got to get that rag magazine to show him what his buddy kevin spacey's been up to we asked for that two days ago who do you think that was in the pictures all right are you ready to play what's in my pants i am all right your jeans are down you got your uh victoria secrets ready to go there yeah i'm nervous nervous it's just a good night and a few of our friends no one else listening okay they're too busy listening to uh uh z100 yeah that's the station that they're listening to with those stupid dj's over there at z100 z100 that's that's our new enemy they suck they really suck whenever you're ready guys don't worry no one's listening to our show because they they have uh p l j on yeah hey guys can i tell you something i went out uh happy hour friday night with a lot of professionals and everyone are everyone is so in the closet about being an open anthony fan yeah it's so amazing kind of like jay more it's so funny yeah like little things are being said like okay terrific and i just look at them and go you've been listening haven't you yes but but we hate plj yeah we feel threatened by those guys there are enemy that's right if it is one station that pops into the top of my head that we hate on this show it's plj yeah sure it's not jamming yeah that's an oldie station isn't it that's right anthony they play nothing but old classic rock yeah hate them virgin okay our new enemy hot 97 hot 97 they're really bad right we don't like them we don't like dance music hey how about that lmao again hey you're all like speaking another language over there or something it's like it's not even english i also don't like mike and the angry wolf i hear that's a new radio show oh hey hi jennifer the last five minutes was very inside i know but hey uh are you ready to play yeah okay uh if you would please put the phone down your pants uh rub it side to side up and down and in a circular motion and then do not reveal what you have in your pants until we ask you okay all right i can't believe i'm doing this hold on okay is that up and down it was both side to side nothing down wow all right you gotta do side side to side first okay hold on okay all right all right up and down up and down please okay hold on okay i think we all know or at least if it if it isn't i'm amazed but everyone's got the same guess i'm sure yeah um what is it i'm gonna say um i'm gonna say uh wood floor totally shaved opi i'm gonna say wood floor with a little little tuft okay psycho mark is in the studio so we might as well let him play along jiffy pod jiffy pod okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay what you're talking huge huge bush well she's wearing victoria's secret little uh fondly too so that's so wrong just such a waste man no i'm serious she has little victoria's secret panties on and you're thinking like uh a pool rack filled with afro hair yeah right i know all right thank you so all right uh jennifer what's in your pants opi right with a little tough right yeah where's the little tough right where it should be oh mustache so it's kind of like a hitler mustang kind of like an exclamation point uh no it's it's all there and then just there's just like this nice lip that's a hitler mustang hey where'd she go she hung up god damn it her phone her cell phone all right i won that one anthony okay amary doesn't amary doesn't like her attitude amary what's wrong guys your ears are so nice don't worry about the other radio station believe me we're not we're not we just spend so much time talking about them we love you because you're down to earth all right it was an it was an inside joke to to a lot of people listening to make yes to make sure that we're behaving yeah oh okay i don't i didn't get it all right open my head yeah well it was very inside and guys i have a complete wood floor all right rock more power to you perfect bye bye thank you amary all right let's take a break okay and uh and we'll be back with more of your phone calls two one two seven five seven one oh two seven uh still the com steven lynch with two brand new songs jay more stopping by we got to talk about the daily news article we got to um uh replay anthony's brother's uh the entry into the most offensive song contest yeah and lots more to do stay there a gigantic box is coming down the streets hand me the rpg7 1027 wnew it's the ona show ah yeah smashing pumpkins in the background they're playing what uh april 25th hammerstein ballroom anthony yes that's gonna be a great show latest cd getting rave reviews i was jamming that on the subway a few weeks ago this week i've been jamming the stone temple pilots latest cd a bunch of really good songs uh on that oh yeah speaking of shows we got tickets uh to the filter and for the assault show april 20th of hammerstein ballroom we'll give those tickets away in a little while all right and if you have anything for the show two one two seven five seven one oh two seven let's go to justin hi justin hey this is justin yeah my mom's sending me to therapy today at four four thirty why why because i don't know when i drive with my friends i scream out okay terrific yeah and uh hey there and all this other stuff yeah my friend pete and my stupid kid in the back seat doesn't get it so i'm screaming out at people anything somehow weird now and now i'm across the street my friend's house and i'm watching my mom i'm at my people my friend pete's like yo i'm in his house i'm watching my mom looking for me and they think i'm crazy now because i'm like okay terrific like i'm talking about like dirty sanchez and stuff right right right hello i think they i think they erased oh and a my christopher reeve falling down the stairs oh really they hung up use that but i could oh he hung up on himself hey where's christopher reeve falling down the stairs well there's a problem with your machine over there anthony there it is we have a different template i know we well the new morning show needed some space on your machine and well what some of our stuff got uh erased or mixed up we don't like that no we don't like that it's not the fault of the new morning show no i wouldn't say people around here had to kind of reorganize stuff to give those guys some room so they can play some uh some sound effects and stuff so how's that going the new morning show i haven't even um i sleep so damn late and i don't get a chance to listen to anything i i like listening to them yeah i i've enjoyed their first week on the radio yeah you know okay i don't know you haven't met them yet no i initiated them uh yesterday i don't know if they talked about this morning what they come in to say hey and stuff you know yeah like ah guys welcome to new york check this out i gotta show you something i pop in the 100 year old lady getting banged just to see how cool they are sure they passed the test oh good they like it definitely horrified but they're like they're like that's got to be the sickest thing i've ever seen in my life all i'm like all right cool you guys can hang with us you know i'm gonna have to wake up early and check it out yeah i know a lot of people are convinced we're up early to check out morning shows but no i mean i i i'm up uh probably 9 30 i'm up in time a little about nine o'clock to check out the market i was gonna say i'm up in time to check out the the stock ticker yes certainly 9 30 i'm a little pissed today the uh this certain stock that's not uh yippee they announced great earnings yesterday and it takes a 10 point dive but what happened that's a huge buying opportunity for tomorrow i believe anthony yeah the last two weeks have been great buying opportunities unfortunately i bought three weeks ago all right uh steve from bay ridge on the instant feedback hey greg and anthony are you guys pissed that the daily news gave out your real names that's happened before okay our real names have been in the paper many times i i just don't get it though because uh yes i was born with the name greg hughes oh big surprise everyone it hasn't been my real name since i was nine you know it was a name that was given to me but unfortunately i've been stuck with this opi thing since i was like nine or ten yeah but i i don't i don't understand i don't understand you know these journalists do they have to print our real names to show everyone that they might know a little more about us than anyone else is that what it is i think people that are familiar with the show um they'll be reading it going well who is this yeah because me me it's like you know kumia tells us kumia it's like at least what anthony tells us you know right i mean you can put our first our first and last names at the beginning of the article but then when they're crediting the quotes in the article they're using our last names like anyone knows them right i don't know i love what people call me opi hughes that's completely wrong i want to see i want to see him use my real name it's uh mike hunt mike hunt yeah use that one no i'm not pissed it's just i don't know it's stupid though yeah i don't know what they're getting at uh you know throwing our real names all over the paper like hey see i i did some research and i found out their real names it's not actually opi anthony oh really i'm just i'm a little disturbed because they didn't uh accurately quote me yeah we had some great quotes in this article of course we're talking about the the j more uh fight with fat guy it made the daily news today in the gossip column screw that stupid little radio column what now we're in the gossip column it's in the celebrity news uh section of the paper anthony at one point because they wanted to know what the fight was about between uh jay and uh billy and paul from air sick and um it says that i told them billy called j a derogatory term for homosexual and j made fun of his weight and that's in quotation marks they have that quoted right that isn't what i said i said billy called j a derogatory term for a homosexual i believe the word was faggot faggot right and j obviously is not gay really he's married they didn't put that in the paper and and j made fun of his weight i didn't say j made fun of his weight i said j called him a fat right and uh and and the funny thing is the lady when when you said that yesterday yeah she was like oh this is great this is great stuff because i used the real word i didn't try to say f so and and then they quote it like that's exactly what i said because it's in it's not paraphrased or anything but that isn't exactly what i said where did they find that goofy picture j more yeah uh i don't know rico suave it's all hollywooded out there it is i'll get it on ward show or something that's not the j more we know no the j more we get to see is his eyes are never open that far he's gonna get mad that we're goofing on him oh i say but it's a good little uh little a good little mention in the daily news today yeah and the uh what is it the gossip column i don't even have it russian maloy or russian maloy what's it called russian maloy i believe a dish or something oh is it what's bad oh thank you so what's your card it's russian maloy all right there we go thank you spaz that helped the radio show a lot oh who's the blonde hey tara reid dazzled date carson daley in a glittery top look at that whoa man this carson's getting some trim huh holy mother of pearl oh jeez jennifer love hewitt left me where's the latest friggin britney spears look-alike i'll spear her yeah he was he was like uh with aguilera for a while i don't know what happened there but they were hinting that they might have had a little thing going there boy my how how the mtv look has changed over the years who think carson daley would be the guy you know just go back over the years gg jackson jj jackson jj jackson wasn't banging like britney spear type singers alan hunter wasn't hanging with the ink crowd alan hunter who is alan hunter banging well what about uh mark goodman mark goodman well we know who he was we found out we found out a lot of things about mark goodman in our stay here at n-e-w yeah we know who he was uh very interesting i think we have some audio from one of his sexual roms let me hear that again well when it cues up you'll be uh listen to it again anthony goodman's bedroom okay terrific all right get that out of there all right yeah mark goodman was getting something some people don't have a sense of humor if you know what i mean come on that can't be off limits too jesus so listen um rick's getting some of the audio of the fight because they're talking about the daily news today yeah the fight from two days ago we haven't heard it back yet i know i want to hear some of that so as soon as uh rick's ready with that we will put it on the air okay okay terrific but as far as uh using our real names in the paper whatever yeah oh well yeah that was the name i was born with um and uh yes as we go to uh spots here i don't know i think we got to play joe's song again oh no yeah we do though but we definitely do we're doing the most offensive song contest and uh joe's song yesterday might have put the contest out of reach yeah but we did get some really funny entries today really funny fox on the run oh my god whoever wrote fox on the run out there you had us peeing in our pants but i don't even think we could get the song on the radio i know because just think what rhymes with fox yeah that has something to do with the guy's junk yeah all right so it's cortney's uh last name oh okay very good so instead of fox on the run it weren't on the none yeah yeah it was outrageous to say the least so uh should we explain this song again anthony um oh my god well it's the most offensive song contest we've been running it for a while now and in order to win you have to write the most offensive song things that offend people opi what is it racism racism anti-semitism sure child abuse yes uh child sexual abuse i mean this is all the most offensive these are things that offend people sexual orientation right gay bad has been has been covered things like that very offensive to a lot of people uh in our community no one has been safe from this contest right no one so in order to win you have to write the most offensive song being creative original and indeed offensive and uh we've had some in in here that have made us cringe and we were thinking maybe we shouldn't play them but who are we this is the most offensive song contest we have to leave it to the people we understand it's offensive you're not going to write us letters and emails and phone calls and go oh my god that was horrible how could you play that we know that's the whole reason right oh i get so angry when people bitch about this and you guys are calling us whips if you're offended right now by anti-semitism by racism by sexual abuse of children by gay bashing don't listen right now we're playing songs are you if you're offended by spaz turn off your radio right oh wait we just lost our whole audience hold on let me take that one back oh they can never come back but that's how it works and you know what are we going to say that's that's the way it is we understand that so with that said a lot of people saying joe anthony's brother really sneaking in a nasty song has has put the contest out of reach is what a lot of people are saying with this little ditty here okay all right as we go to break check it out just to cool some fun so you guys are really funny stuff but you guys take it too far to the point where i literally get nauseous and sick listening to your radio show go take a mitle it's the opi and anthony show so they're playing the hammerstein ballroom with baruch assault april 20th tickets available through ticket master and i believe we have a pair of tickets right now for the temp solars and two one two seven five seven one oh three seven if you're not a filtered man please allow someone else to win okay yes yes they do indeed rock so hey where's spaz uh spaz has to get over here he started he started telling me something during a commercial break and i'm just like no no we need this on on the air spaz always trying to educate us opi yes so he was trying to enlighten me on uh i don't know journalistic protocol oh because uh we're in the the gossip column of the daily news today about the j more fight and i was saying and they used our real names and we're like they don't need to do that but you know so it really doesn't matter i mean who cares they've done it before right but uh when they attribute the quotes in the paper to each of us they do so by saying like mine it says kumia tells us you know using the last name hughes tells us and anybody familiar with the show uh we don't use them on the air because they don't really roll off the tongue so uh why would they attribute the quotes why not just say anthony said and according to opi right blah blah blah because it would make a lot easier reading i have to say it again i'm not i'm not proud of this but opi's been my name since i was nine or ten it's not a radio name it's just what i've been called since i was really little greg is not even my name anymore when people say greg i don't even turn my head i don't know who they're talking about so so what do you have in this best well i was just telling anthony that it is normal to attribute quotes to the last name of the person right and where did you learn this best i took journalistic classes and i wrote for the college paper and that's what you were taught yes to use the last name when you're quoting a person yes when you're quoting a quote you use the last you're quoting a quote your new tributary quote even if it's called the opi and anthony show and and your characters as it would be are named opi and anthony your principal characters of the show are opi and anthony yes even so because in the top of the article it clearly states anthony and greg hughes yeah so everybody now knows your last names throughout the entire article they now attribute to kumia to anthony and hughes to opi so now so now they know because it's at the top of the article which is what most people read is the first paragraph right so when they get down then they know that kumia is your last name you're an idiot man you really are but it's true so why don't they use uh actors real names when they're quoting actors because you know a lot of the actors out there that's not their real names you realize that right it's not their birth names kevin spacey's not his birth name well i don't know in the time i don't know when the kevin spacey you know as far as kevin spacey goes but most most celebrities not saying we're celebrities born in the celebrity column uh most of the people they talk about that's not their real names either uh-huh well i wouldn't know it's because i really don't know anything about that but i was just saying that it's proper protocol in journalistic writing oh my god oh okay uh well look at that oh we learned something new from spaz wait spaz do you have a definition for protocol uh protocol yeah it's called it means properness it means like uh properness yes property like uh properness yeah if i had to pick a word for it means properness like a set order of things it's gentlemen like all right and do you have a definition for properness properness um protocol nice not properness nice okay not mean not no because everything's proper everything's in the right place all right proper okay very good well i was just you know wondering and then spaz came in and enlightened us and and don't forget tomorrow's uh spaz's weekend review i'm hearing rumors about something that happened to you on the streets today and you're gonna like talk about it tomorrow want to give us just a hint uh i was walking into the building today and something wet was hitting my head something wet was hitting your head yes um and what what do you think this wetness was well i looked up at the sky and there was no clouds where i was standing all right and there was no nobody like squeegeeing the windows so i was just wondering where we're coming from and it wasn't a bird i was just it was just dripping all over my jacket my book bag in my head okay yeah and and what do you think it is now because i heard some people helped you out with what was going on up in the sky it could be somebody was leaking off the roof or at the window taking a leak and you're taking a leak and you'll be discussing this in your weekend review tomorrow a little a little warning to the uh your fellow new yorkers do you honestly believe someone was taking a leak on you but that was the explanation that i got i didn't know what happened and somebody told me i was taking there's probably 20 explanations before that that i would think of before someone ping on you in a in a building where the windows don't open i that's the only explanation i got i don't know how so at anton record uh-uh so for your weekend review you'll be discussing this yes all right that's just ants opinion i i want you to have the spaz opinion what you think happened to you today and what what you could say to your fellow new yorkers to warn them against this uh this atrocity what you washed your hair three times in the bathroom yes which i didn't really want to do because when i wash it it gets fluffy so wow i'm amazed someone pete on my head out of the building where the windows don't open and this building right and it could have been a it could have been a construction site you know don't blow it man for more okay well he's already got it down doesn't he you have it down already right your comments we don't want you changing any of your comments well i haven't written my comments on this show okay then we'll leave it alone i'd rather do this one off the cuff oh you want to do it now maybe just a little preview a little preview maybe i can tell you a couple of things that it might be i don't want to let loose now i i'd rather do it all in one shot so i can really you know get the subject when was this now yesterday this morning this morning this morning look at his hair it's all poofy it gets poofy when i wet it i had it flattened it gets wavy too can i i i i have to give you at least three other things that could have been i mean i know and if you're gonna do that then let him do his rant first okay i can't do the rant right now i gotta do it tomorrow i'm gonna build up more anger god i gotta you gotta build up more anger you're convinced someone leaked on your head and you need to build up more anger what are the people leaking on your head who do you believe they are you gotta have an idea some some kids might go is late i know people like to play prism kids might go up to the top of the roof and say you know hey i'm gonna win somebody's head is this how many are there possibly 40 floors on this building it's a 40 story building that wherein they might have good aim they use smart p like you see uh in in baghdad the missiles remember those that went down the air conditioning shaft they have smart penises it could be construction workers construction workers on the roof of the building saying they said hey look they're spaz 40 stories down i'm gonna take a leak compensate for wind uh all kinds of wind eddies off the building altitude and i'm gonna pee on them you're gonna and you gotta realize they're gonna have to lead their leak because you're walking no because not what i did is because i felt the drip so i stopped and i looked up let me tell you a freaking bathtub of water dropped off a 40 story building you might feel a drop you might feel a drop on you a bathtub full of water the dispersal it would be amazing maybe it was a giant mosquito oh that could be his venom all right spaz you need to rant about this problem so who do you think this is what it is and why did it you must have felt very angry is it some type of conspiracy it must have felt violated it was very weird i was walking i was walking here and there were some clouds here but then i stopped in one place there was no clouds there was like a circle around a bright blue sky oh like the eye of a storm and then all of a sudden i that's when i felt the drips and you felt drips underneath that one spot how much how much you dumb that's really good look at that you got a little jingle you got a tingle for your weekend review starting tomorrow now how much actual liquid was on you i gotta know well i saw spotty stuff on my my leather coat couple of spots on your leather coat yes and then my hair was a little bit drenched but it was like a little bit like uh like a little wet damn damn over your entire head yeah well actually it it dripped down like the back of my necks a little bit do you understand i got it that we did have some uh rain this morning there i felt some raindrops there was some rain this morning but that's the weird part about i i i specifically went under this circle of blue sky that was do you know how hot wait a minute wait i i i i i i i'm amazed what is it a cartoon where a cloud goes right over your head and it rains on you don't you think that the clouds surrounding this clear area could uh pepper you with with water rain that maybe is being carried by the wind don't don't you know those clouds are so high up that you could see a cloud that looks like it's a mile away above you but you could be getting hit with the rain from that cloud because the wind takes it over to you there's no wind the wind was going maybe one mile do you know about winds aloft do you know that there are different wind levels the wind could be going a completely different direction 20 000 feet above your head than it is here on the ground where where you're protected by buildings and whatnot and he believes he got leaked on i understand take his side on this okay leaked on it couldn't possibly be maybe uh that it was raining maybe he says there were no clouds in the area maybe uh it rained whether and whether clouds in the sky at all there were clouds but i was under the spot when it was no cloud right that magical circle that follows you around how about maybe it rained and there was a puddle on the roof of some building and a wind blew and and some of that water was carried and landed on you how about air conditioning systems which leak condensation all over the city sometimes you'll be walking around all of a sudden there's air conditioning i'm with spaz if he thinks he got leaked on i have them too cold for what air conditioning oh my god there's buildings that have air conditioning running even in the winter people use air conditioning yeah in buildings no but i mean like the small window units i'm not talking even window units i'm talking units on rooftops to have condensation right that's just one that's one thing that's probably more possible i'm not saying that's what it is but then you got leaked on i think you would know if you got leaked on it so what so now you're angry and you want to vent about people that pee on other people from great heights i will vent when when i take my segment tonight all right i just want the rage to build up okay and you're really pissed off because there was leak all over your hair and now because you're so stupid and now because of that you had to wash your hair three times and it's now poofy it gets poofy every time i wash it in a related subject uh spaz that's that's not moose in your hair i am fascinated by this i am stupefied all right spaz don't let um you know no no just deter you do your rant on people that pee on other people in this fair city stranger things have happened hey i beans i beans come down on old ladies heads in retirement apartments in times square so who am i to say no one was taking a leak on spaz's head yeah and he has a warning to to his uh fellow uh walkers out there i think what what's the warning well it'll tell us tomorrow or yeah i i'm also going to go off on uh how i get ticked off when i walk the streets of minhattan because people just don't get out of my way and they have to light their cigarette near me light their cigarette near you stop and that's going to be associated with the whole leaking on your head you're convinced it's all related right kind of okay right politics correspondent spaz can't wait to hear more tomorrow with uh spaz's we can review it people leaking on other people in manhattan unbelievable the amounts of complaints coming in from people being drenched by urine that is being uh peed onto people's heads from great heights you may ask yourself geez i can't even hit the toilet bowl when i'm standing in my own bathroom without hitting the rim and getting it all over the sheet so the girls complain but from 40 stories high above the windy streets of downtown manhattan somebody is peeing on pedestrians people being peed on this is a new form of terrorism in our paris city top of all city world trade center bombing we now have the world trade center peeing people are really observations after the world trade center peeing down on people on the wet side highway is quite amazing let's get this quote from a man on the street that's been peed on sir stupid you're so stupid you've heard it here first book on tennessee and everything you're stupid you're so stupid unbelievable how does the stream stay together over 40 stories how does wind affect this how are they aiming we'll have scientists that are educated in fluid technology i'll show later to tell us how are you going to explain the the theory of the circle the clear sky in the middle of the clouds that yes yes our own weatherman mr g will be coming on and explaining the strength of holes in the sky above spaz's head in that keep the skies clear above moron's heads happening in our paris city tom brogan between 90 years uh tom maybe it's king kong uh take a leak on everybody oh i never know that will send a camera crew right down to the empire state building uh god checking in god hello boys how are you today pretty good hello god even god has a bed car phone i thought he would uh get the good one but i guess not i'm calling to let you know that i peed on kevin's head because i cannot even forgive him for being so f-ing stupid all right thank you god thank you okay hey look at that don i wonder if that's uh has any any truth to it what are we doing over there they want me to push something here oh really all right i'm pushing anything buller uh this is gonna help it's funny oh come on okay Claire Keven Yeah I from the sky a new form of terrorism sweeping the city young vandals 40 stories up peeing on pedestrians we'll have mayor Duda Denny's response to this later remember that's the big story tonight the funniest part of that whole thing was it sped up like that raindrops keep falling on my head there was no wind I didn't feel anything whistling through my ears Spaz you don't seem amused at this point it's a serious subject very serious you're a streaming terrorist high above our city perhaps you've been using enemy aircraft perhaps not even in buildings perhaps you're hiding in the landing gear of airplanes spaz out of these three things tell me which is the most serious giant mosquitoes attacking our fine city cancerous live wires or people leaking on your head as you're trying to walk to work which would be the most serious of the three I would have to say the cancerous live wires cancerous live wires by the way thank you for the cancerous live wires window decals it's got cancerous live wires and then the red circle with the slash we've been getting a pretty good laugh out of those so thank you for sending those into the show we'll probably have them at our next road show a few of those what would be the second most serious out of the three I would have to say the mosquito giant mosquito so leaking on your head really doesn't seem that bad it's more of a moral matter there it is, Colonel Tibbetts in the Enola J high above the city of New York a fuselage belly laden with urine spraying it down on unsuspecting pedestrians this could bring an end to the war Colonel Tibbetts rolling down the runway the implement of destruction, pints and pints of urine in her belly oh my god hey low what's up oh god are you kidding me now I know why you keep Spaz on no one that stupid can be allowed to run out into the public it's amazing yeah oh my god I can't believe how dumb the guy is Spaz did you ever hear of something called a sun shower a sun shower and what is a sun shower a sun shower is what you would very like guys the guy is unbelievable you know what I think the mosquitoes following him around alright low thank you oh man okay sun shower a sun shower is when there are very little white clouds I believe they're the cumulus clouds or the straddles they're around the sun and what what what wait a minute the clouds are where around the sun around the sun it looks like that from a far and that's not real how far from the sun would you say these clouds are I would I really don't know I would just say eons eons? eons is a time frame not a distance that's not the Chevy Chase reference you idiot I didn't know that you're ripping off Chevy Chase I didn't know okay okay so now a sun shower you look up and are you saying that you see clouds when there's a sun shower yes but they're whitish not so grayish clouds no but but but the shower the shower that there was there was a center where there was just a blue sky oh my god so it can't possibly rain from a blue sky wow of course it can it's blue there's nothing there's no clouds the rain is just blue oh my god oh my dear sweet Jesus this is impossible he walks and breathes so there's gotta be something in there at least for involuntary actions is there whoa what was that is there just like a medulla doesn't isn't that just control like heart rate and breathing to make sure you just don't drop dead people can live without brains right people live in hospitals and breathe and live quite well but they're brain dead brain dead people can still breathe thank you Steve I was very curious into that oh my god dude it is totally possible for it to be sprinkling on you when you look up and see complete blue skies and sun just shining how where's the rain coming from it can't be coming from the sun it could yes it can no no it can rain first of all it could be from clouds that you are seeing way away from you the winds are bringing the water to you winds aloft also water what am I getting an alcohol also water can just condense in the air without forming clouds or it could be blue ice from those jets flushing their toilets so maybe you're right you did get some urine on your head whoa okay whoa whoa whoa what was that I didn't hear that I didn't hear that one I said don't eat the brown snow fast Amelia Amelia what's up hi hi is he for real this guy I just can't even believe that he got peed on I gotta tell you I was outside having a cigarette break today and I looked up and out of a clear blue sky I'm getting spritzed on and now I realize there was a construction site close by and I was probably being spritzed with urine see I mean you know I'm glad that he exposed this because now I know to be careful when I'm walking the streets of Manhattan well he's gonna have some some advice for all you people tomorrow on this I can't wait to hear it okay take care bye bye well there you have it deadly urine throwing terrorists in New York City could this be spreading to other major metropolitan areas in our country stay tuned to NBC Nightly News as we continue with urine from the sky special report unbelievable all right let's take a break did you ever pee off a roof of a house even it's like or any altitude maybe maybe rocks on a jetty of a beach or something I mean pee at any altitude it's just beside himself do you see the break up of the thing you don't have laser beams coming out of there it disperses it just by the time it hits the ground from 40 floors it looks like a perfume out of an atomizer it's gone they weren't thick drops just when you thought it wasn't I'm amazed the clouds are around the sun the eons away from us okay thank you Spaz so more of Spaz as we can review tomorrow just oh my god but there you have a preview and he will have some suggestions on what to do if you do get hit with urine from the sky what a commercial for tomorrow's segment right there how the hell are you not going to tune into that all right as we go to break we should change the name of this song to special Spaz but it is called special Ed it's Steven Lynch who's coming in in a little while with two brand new songs but here's special Ed sometimes you feel like a mess sometimes you don't you guys are going to burn in hell okay Ed 1027 WNEW Anthony Stacker II the world's strongest fat burner yes great way to lose weight I got to be honest though I don't see the need for Stacker II anymore if you're spending your time on the streets of New York running side to side on the sidewalk trying to avoid the urine that's falling from the sky I believe you're exercising enough to keep that weight off well maybe you're not lucky enough to have people urinating on you maybe you don't have a clue that that's what's going on down there in the streets of New York or maybe it hasn't happened yet you're kind of a big person with more area a bigger target for those urine-flinging madmen from 40 floors above your head so what do you want to do? you want to make yourself as small a target as possible from the head down do you want to look like a big round circle? no from 40 floors up from the urine-flinging terrorists? no I believe that would be an easy target right Stacker II will help you avoid being peed on a new thing what are the four things Stacker does? oh we're adding the fourth huh? it's four things now I think I know three out of the four I believe it burns the fat because it's called the world's strongest fat burner I believe it crushes the cravings to snack in between meals that's two and gives you a boost of energy during the day when you're feeling sluggish sorry that's true and brand new just added number four makes you a smaller target so you won't get peed on there you go Stacker II give them a call no one will hit you with number one when you take Stacker II is that their new slug line? I like that it is now Stacker II the world's strongest fat burner give them a call give them a call 1-800-LIGHTLINE that's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E for Stacker II all right we're back with the Opium Anthony show Stephen Lynch on the way to perform two brand new songs for us today also I'm patiently waiting for the audio from the J-Morph fight we want to get some of that on today yeah they're talking about it in the daily news today oh my gosh we'll see what happens with that 2127571027 here you know we were going to go into our comments about Ileon Gonzalez down there in Miami Miami, Cuba that whole situation heating up again and we were going to discuss that but all of a sudden we had to talk about the urine falling from the sky of course I can't wait for part two of that tomorrow when he gets his thoughts really together unbelievable it's Cubans peeing on it I swear Frank from Manhattan writes on the instant feedback ONA, whoa, Spaz never disappoints does he? how the hell does he find his way to the station every day? does he leave a trail of bread crumbs or what? I tried to pick a bird to eat it I got lost alright Frank that was great alright let's get into some real news now hard-hitting news Ileon Gonzalez I mean what more is there to be said about this? everyone's got their opinions, send them back, keep them, whatever the case may be what I saw when I was watching the news was a plane fly into Miami or Texas I guess they brought him to and the door opened up and like a clown car at the circus more Cubans came piling out of this plane the father comes out with another kid in his arms they're trailing other kids behind him he's got an entourage with him I just want to pose a question to you let's say you have a cockroach in your house, right? how do you get rid of it? do you invite more cockroaches in your house? that would not be the thing to do I'm not saying Cubans are cockroaches but are you trying to say that more Cubans will be entering our country because of this Ileon Gonzalez? first of all because one kid that they're debating whether they send them back or keep them because there was one kid in Miami there has to be now about 50 more Cubans in this country they keep flying them in I swear to God this father showed up with more kids do you think he's leaving? and just like the cockroaches they're waiting for the light to turn on so they can run and hide oh they scatter they go right into the molding you never see them again it's our chance to send them back we need the Orchid Man come in and do some spraying I don't know what it is but I think we're making a grave error because I believe these people if they want to they can stay if they want some kind of asylum they are allowed to stay they're just waiting till the whole family comes over they're in Cuba saying oh send the kid back send him back so they build up this whole thing then they say well I want to go there to fight to get my child back they send him here and then all of a sudden they're like oh we're staying oh we're staying this place is beautiful when I got here they gave me brand new sneakers cool t-shirts concert t-shirts they gave me toy guns to play with a playstation playstation I'm staying and that's the father talking he's real happy about the toys they're giving him hey Kim what's up? what's up? how are you? good and how are you? talking to you on the air you don't have your facts right why? because Elian's father came into Washington DC good morning not Dallas they flew into Texas first what was that? they flew into Texas first and they took him to Washington today he entered the country through Texas oh he did? okay I didn't know that alright she's trying to trip me up I'm a responsible journalist not like Spaz oh okay well he wasn't sure either so I guess that's why he had to find out well they had to land in Texas first before they jumped to DC because they had to change from a plane to a giant mosquito to avoid the cancerous live wires and so the mosquito could zigzag in and out of buildings lest they be peed on okay guys thank you Kim let's go to Mike Mike you're next on NAW you know once this father gets a little taste of America you know like welfare and free money where do you think we're going to go? that's what it is they know they know when they come over here and take a look around they go oh my god you know they're used to Cuba they don't really get very accurate news about the rest of the world in Cuba so they don't know that there's much different in the world they get here it's like wow look at this place hey bring the kid to Disneyland yeah you know? that is Disney for them that is all of a sudden just being out of Cuba everywhere is Disney they're not going to want to leave guaranteed the father stays guaranteed the father stays hey look you know the way I look at it the mother gave her life for him for that kid to have a better life he deserves to stay alright thank you Mike take care man I say the father's pitching for the Yankees by September Gino what's going on? yeah I feel the same way about that they let this kid throw a 99 mile an hour curve ball and then he can stay but whose idea was it to bring this guy over? like they're not going to stay I mean Anthony you're so right I'm writing a check for my taxes because they're going to go up with all 25,000 of these people going home and then they're going to have a thousand of these people going welfare alright anyway hey you guys rock take care thank you Gino let's see what Nick has to say on this subject hi Nick Nick hello don't listen to your radio just talk yeah you gotta drop it off huh? yeah Nick yeah you're on the radio I know I'm sorry man I'm talking to my friend Mike the worker alright sorry guys alright where are you in the middle of delivering by the way? no I own a car wash I'm delivering cars you want me to deliver your Mercedes? oh sell it for 19 grand and pay your taxes yeah that would be nice no I just want to let everyone know next time you watch that Zabruda film you see Kennedy's head explode you could thank him for letting all the Cubans in oh my god I'm serious it's his fault right? didn't he sign that thing and let them all in if they get here they could stay? yeah what are you going to tell? alright a million reports coming in he flew into Dulles not Dallas okay hey what am I a responsible journalist? if you want the facts go listen to A.D. go to C go to WINS if you want comedic stories about urine falling from the sky listen to O and A here you go alright thank you buddy alright dude alright man yeah Kennedy thank you great yeah we will take all the Cubans and when we amass an army large enough we will send them back to overthrow the government of Cuba Cuba? what a jack off Kennedy more brains in his head after the bullet Jesus Zeb from T-NEC checking in from the instant feedback Anthony just take the guy up to Washington Heights he'll think he's in Cuba oh man come on they're in Miami that's just Cuba with neon lights Tom what's up? I was wondering if you guys heard anything about the rumor that Eliana had signed on to play little Ricky in a remake of Lucy and the Hutties I'll take care of little Ilyon Gennarino you got some streaming to do take care guys that's pretty funny thanks Tom Mrs. Trumbull is going to watch little Ilyon we're going to the club I'm going to take Ilyon to the Yankee so he can say Joe DiMaggio oh Joe Joe I should bruh Michelle what's up? hey you guys suck first of all second of all it's my third time on I hope somebody that knows me hears me this time I have a solution for the Cuban thing I say we let this kid go back with the father send them all in as many Cubans from Miami as possible put them on a plane get a bomb with a timer and go off right before the sucker lands in Cuba well that's a little harsh boy I sure hope everyone that knows you just heard you say that you know what it is? I'm kind of sick and tired of too many people in this country that don't speak my language yeah that's getting a little weird you don't speak my language? get the hell out of my country wow let me tell you something we were just in California yeah English quickly becoming the second language line up Mexicans over there really? the Mexicans we got enough we got enough we got enough it's bad enough we're supporting them over here please alright thank you Michelle alright listen have a good day guys I don't think we ask for much when we ask people to like learn our language if you live in the country well it's people think that it's so weird too because people think that's such an outrageous statement I don't think we ask a lot if you come to this country it is so frustrating it's a problem it's so frustrating now on the planes and stuff they do the like the instructions in English and Spanish now El buccalo el seat belt it's like I know they're like make sure you buckle your seat belt and keep it tight while the plane is in flight meche el volo barbe el seat belt alright they do it with the ATM machines before you even start you gotta you know pick a language pick a language ah jeez they don't have any money to open a bank account what? la de doodle apologize and the establishment is pretty much making it easy for people coming into this country to be lazy and not learn the language yeah you know? yeah I mean you go on the subways and all the all the advertisements and stuff they're all in Spanish I don't see English anymore on the subways ah yes I can't even read their graffiti anymore different language ah Jeff what's going on? hey listen hey we're not giving them enough credit those smelly ass whole rice and bean eating stinky Cubans you know why? why? because the whole thing was a plan alright he sent the woman with the kid knowing she was going to get off there was going to be a whole thing with the kid it would give him a chance to get his ass in the country here with everybody else and he's bringing every relative every relative this kid has is in Miami let me tell you there were cousins 13 people down the line who were there with him yeah the plane door opened up I swear to God it was like a clown car they all just piled down yeah oh my God listen any way we could put Kevin on the plane going back? yeah holy cow might be worth it if the pockets were full of cigars yeah right but you know we got to look at the bright side of one thing now that Kevin's on the payroll you can actually fire him and not have a problem with it that's true why would you want to fire that? yeah why would you want to fire somebody who thinks that there's people putting money in their pockets and thinks that there's people peeing on him from the 40th floor of a building because the stupidness could rub off and you got to worry it could be like a disease no it's too good you know he just gave us 40 minutes on urine falling from the sky that's brilliant someone wrote spaz urine idiot wait that was pretty good Jeff I hung up on you by accident I'm sorry alright let's go to Tony Tony you're next on N.E.W. how are you today? good O.A. what's up? hey what up? listen I work in the Bronx and half the time you go to these places I'm a fireman you go on medical calls and stuff and even the kids don't speak English no and how do they go to school if they don't speak English? I don't understand that because now they're bilingual in a lot of these schools now and even the driver's test is given in like 20 different languages that is really how the hell do you speak to read a street sign if you don't speak English? I was going to say you know how dangerous that is? to say ah it's okay you don't need you don't need to know English to drive in our country what are you crazy? well I haven't seen a Spanish sign yet on the highway well God forbid that happens yeah it's enough stuff to read please yeah great 90 languages the test is in and I'm sure it's a totally different test because I don't know what they're teaching them it's not how to drive it sure is not how to drive that must be like a joke it's in a different language so we can't read it and it's telling them to do everything wrong don't signal for turns the left lane is the slow lane back out in front of people park in the middle of the friggin intersections you know what I did today on the west side highway? I was so pissed driving down west side highway just past the world trade center doing all that construction light turns green for us ah one of those black cars right in the middle of the west side highway stopped at the light can't move now just wrecked everyone's traffic so now everyone's trying to squeeze over to get past them I squeeze over I look I go oh I got some quarters here in my in my change thing I picked up quarters I'm just wailing quarters at this guy's back window at his door everything trying to get his attention I gotta keep golf balls in my truck golf balls are great and when I threw something at that I threw a marble at the lady on the 7th avenue I think it was that was very funny boom just hit a door she looks over her body's out the window while you're trying to drive yeah aiming to take out her windshield or her back window I should say gotta learn alright let's uh I think we've done enough on that right? oh yeah act is wrong about Cubans what? we'll let Diana take the other side of this little argument here Diana what's up? I'm really upset at you guys what's the problem? I love you guys I listen to you every day yes yes you're gonna lose me as a listener you can't agree with everything we say no I don't but I adore you guys and I can't believe it first of all your listeners are ignorant you got one girl calling up that wants to burn Cubans but she's talking like this I don't know what language she's talking in but it's not English are you? they're not ignorant they're just not knowledgeable on subjects you know Cubans are very educated people and we're very successful oh we are? okay you're Cuban yes I have yeah it's a coincidence it's a coincidence that I happen to be Cuban I think you missed our point though we're not talking about like you know like yourself who came to this country and then learned the language and learned the ways of the country and stuff I'm sure you're laughing it up when we're talking about the retards laughing it up Diana I do have a great sense of humor I have a great sense of humor but you just can't put everybody in one bucket there are uneducated kids that are shooting other kids at Columbine and they're not Cuban no they're just daymulks I mean come on they're uneducated kids everywhere and it doesn't have to do with what your nationality is ah the law is a little wacky with Cuba and I'll tell you something that happened in Cuba too the father has been flown over here but I can guarantee you with Fidel Castro let him fly here it's because he said well your friends are hostage your family is hostage and if you don't return they're going to all have a bullet in their heads no they'll all be over here no they won't they're still in Cuba yeah for the time being but what's left over there a cousin a third cousin and a family friend I think that's it from his family they're all here in Miami well if he was sent here believe me he's been threatened to come back or the consequences he's just hoping Castro drops dead before they have to fly back how many years does that old bastard have? hopefully not long he's still dressing in his military uniform what is he 90 years old now? like he's going to lead the charge and hopefully you guys are going to take me up on I offer to do a beautiful lingerie show on your show oh yeah? and send you my press kit hopefully you'll take it into consideration you got nice bongos? beautiful all of our models are going to have awesome bodacious bongos beautiful lingerie well are they going to take the lingerie off and stuff? and start bumping donuts on the lesbian couch? I don't know about the lesbian couch but the lingerie is all see-through so it's very sexy stuff alright hold on we'll have you talk to Rick Diana she's very upset we're lumping everybody into a we like to do that on this show though what can I tell you? she was laughing it up laugh riot when we're talking about the blacks laughing it up when we're talking about the Japs and the retards and spaz I think spaz is the universal goof everyone doesn't matter what your ethnic background is we can all laugh at spaz together I'm wondering if this instant feedback is true what? there's a neighborhood in the Bronx where all the street signs are in Spanish oh yeah? I'm dying to get pulled over so I can say I didn't understand that sign said stop it's another country it's ridiculous is that true though? there can't possibly be a neighborhood in our fine city that has all the signs in Spanish probably I wouldn't doubt it really? like the street signs? yeah I'm not talking about advertisements or billboards or whatever street signs? yeah like the stop sign doesn't say stop? what is stop in Spanish? it says alto no that's height I think el stopo el stopo what is stop? I took six years of this pathetic language I can't speak a lick what is it? can't lick a speak I don't know you don't know? I'm talking about my ass what is it? alto alto don't laugh at me ALTO I was right and I didn't even know it ALTO ALTO see? alto means tall that's what I thought alto means tall no what's he talking about? alto whatever I don't even need the answer alto is tall in Italian alto is tall in Italian it's also tall in Spanish they're both romance languages and they're not that far off I don't think alto is stop this guy says para no it is para thank you why? it's para dude love thank you I think para is stop yes right? yes it is does it have the funny little thing over the a though? what's that about? the till ya? I don't think it counts the tilde? tilde? tilde is a ramp doesn't it? or no it can mean stop alright let's take a break ok rumor has it Stephen Lynch tuning up to perform two brand new songs for our radio show he's outside the studio oh cool what you got something on the instant feedback there? no I'm just looking alright no alto equals tall I think para is stop stop in Spanish I would bet money that para is stop in Spanish why is old dirty pissed off about this? he would know right? old dig yo what's up man? is para stop? para yeah para para para para para bashing hispanic people there's no neighborhood in the Bronx that the signs are entirely Spanish what the street signs you said? yeah that's what they're saying I can't confirm that I just threw it out there it didn't seem possible my man have you been to Flushing Queens? there's not a vet there's not a vet there's not a sign for that type of source they're all Chinese probably I don't hear nobody complaining about that yeah it's a little weird all around I don't care what language they're talking about it should all be in English I understand that I agree with that you know like if you move to a foreign country you gotta learn the language you know how you're going to communicate I don't need to go to a foreign country I just have to go to the town I was born in Astoria Queens they make good food though you know they have to take out the Chinese guys Astoria Queens we go back there every once in a while that's where our little family started oh yeah? oh they don't speak English nah yo that's Athens over there that's a little Greece yeah I don't need to go to Greece anymore I just go to Astoria get the same flavor of the people and the society listen that whole Elian Gonzalez thing yo yo oh man this country they're so full of crap you know what I'm saying you can't even take Castro out they're just politicizing the whole thing you know what I'm saying alright yeah yeah they're just using him as an instrument the family's wrong too family in Miami you know cause finding both dirty well thanks OD yeah man I'm going to start an umbrella cause they're peeing from the sky now dude how funny was that I mean come on I'm enrolling in Iona for the September 2000 semester yeah might as well right I'm going to finish my year college up there cause if Spice can graduate I can get a PhD kid alright alright baby we're out peace peace alright let's get to Steven Lynch next okay alright alright we'll be back Opie and Hoodie 1027 WNEW it's the Opie and Anthony show you never know who's going to stop on by the studio and you're no comedian Opie Steven Lynch everyone hey guys Steven what's happening back on the show he lives you take such long breaks from our radio show we're convinced that your management finally talked you into not ever showing up on our show again I think people get a little sick of me so I try to stay away for a couple weeks at a time according to Billy and Paul you weren't showing up because Jay is on our show a lot and Jay showed you his ass and you didn't want to come on the show that's not even a joke that's what was said during the whole fight show that is 100% true yes can you blame me for that I'm trying to defend Jay at that point go what's the big deal seeing other guys by the line there's a moon this never makes sense when you try to explain it but I think we've all walked into a weird situation where one of your pals is just being a complete idiot well no that was actually the only time I was agreeing with Billy and Paul I agreed well the story goes this was in Boston right Jay invited you up to his room or something because you guys were having a great time we were going to go meet no we met the next day to go get something to eat and walk around Boston so we get to the front desk and Tyke and I go yeah we're here to see Jay and they go alright they call his room and they go go right on up he's up there we walk down the hallway I hear the door go oh yeah he's opening the door for us that's really nice walk in there he is hands and knees ass akimbo oh my god so we just walked right by him we didn't even say anything so what you didn't like my joke Jesus man it was funny I got to give it to him alright I barely knew the guy so made it so funny so did you hear the fight yes the Jay fat guy fight from two days ago I was just telling the guys I was in the studio I was in the recording studio I'd run downstairs and I'd go is that a take? I'd run back upstairs and listen to the radio you were a little flat on it I don't care I got to get back to the old age I can't miss this it was insane radio I didn't bring anybody with me am I safe here? we're trying not to have any more brawls in the studio are you going to be turning on us too Stephen? yeah I was thinking about it you know I don't get any respect that's what you've got to say you don't get any respect it's terrible how long were you waiting out in the waiting room that seems to be a concern with the members of our show and that's ridiculous you know something maybe I agree with two things anyone else that comes on this show is whisked right in Billy and Paul I swear there were times when they got here probably 4 o'clock and sat the show was over we were like oh gee ran out of time and like they were sitting there for 3 hours and then a stupid kid with a wow sign that made it like the 10 o'clock jitters he was like rushed in like Michael Jackson on Magic Man on one of the rides at Disney right in front of the line that was some wild wild radio man I want to hear it again yeah we got some clips I can't wait to hear some of them have you replayed it at all? no not at all I'm curious to hear how it sounded because Ed and I were just dumbfounded we were just like is this really happening in front of our eyes? so Paul was down at Rascals the other night what last night? Jeff Norris in the studio last night he showed up Jeff who took a punch and they were at parties away from each other where did Jeff take the punch? right ear how's your ear? ear EAR that's what I said the doctor had to poke your ear and suck out some fluid he stuck it in and sucked it out he left the show to get his ear drainage so you were at this point in front of Jay Jay Moore was behind you and you got a fist in your ear that's interesting I tried to talk him out of it in the elevator I'm like I don't know you got your whole career ahead of you he's like you know Norris look I like you but don't F with me and this and that and we're going back and forth and like what am I going to do? then he ran down here and someone pounded your ear no as soon as he saw it he thought that was after was there a lot of dried blood on the hair of your ear? in little ball form yeah yeah that old gag that never gets old so he was down there though? Paul was down there because I think there's a rift between Paul and Billy now down where? down at the Rascal? yeah last night he showed up so Paul was down there and how's he looking these days? I went off ten pounds I walked back into the green room to see Jay and I walked back there and I saw the owner Mark and I was talking to him and I walked in and Paul he looked like a skeleton like maybe someone took toilet paper and wet it and put it around a bone that's how much that's how much flesh he has left on his body oh my god really? if air sick doesn't work out he should go on for like Hair Club for Menx he's balding on my ass oh my god what happened? he hasn't slept he has big bad eyes his chest is concave and shaken shaken like a leaf what? oh my god what was he doing there? I walked back to him like alright I'm going to see Jay I get to meet like my all time favorite football player Wink or Bet I'm looking forward to meeting him he's an awesome guy I walk back there I'm walking and walking all of a sudden I see Paul with his hands in his pocket like he has scoliosis bent over he stares at me and he goes he stares at me and he goes hey hi Jeff Christ and I turn my back and I walk out he's like wait don't go and I walk away and finally the owner Mark from Asselton and I go Jeff just go back and talk to him cause he's all alright so I went back and he's like look I'm really sick then I felt bad for the guy was he just hanging out there waiting for somebody to tell his side of the story to him? no I think he wanted to try to clean his slate with Jay you know I think he felt bad about what happened I mean the fat guy wasn't there I'm sure he's not anorexic he's down to 360 yeah yeah he's wasting away as Otto and George would say he's wasting away to a warehouse I don't want to steal anybody's material on the radio you're doing it on the radio I plugged out I would never do that but he looked terrible and then Jay made it short and sweet Paul's like look Jay you know I just want to come down and he's like you said your P's and Q's and then I get to a show now and that was it Paul hit in the back for the whole show for fear that someone in the audience might I think they kind of oh my god really hey there he is boys let's get him it's forks and torches it was really embarrassing he's going to the castle wow towards the end though I think Jay came a little more if I should use the word forgiving or not but they kind of chicken wings so that's a good oh look at that Paul's like how's your ear I'm like fine feeling good yeah alright a little update from Rascal there we're going to replay the audio soon by the way that Rascal show the two that I attended were amazing yeah he packs him in and just kills and you know you know you're right up there at the beginning of the show who here's listens to ONA and the whole crowd is like nuts every time he made a show reference in his set so you're saying Jay was ripping us off he was stealing material well you know I don't want to say anything but I'm here so Lindsay what are you up to I hear you're in the studio album's almost done I'm working on a big cast I think 18-19 cuts on it some little things here and there little surprises and stuff hopefully I'm working on one big surprise but I'll let you guys know about that later I think it could be good yeah FBA FBA and all the world's most offensive songs we hear you have been coerced into performing FBA full blown AIDS you denounced the song you tried to steer clear of it but you've been performing it I did the crowd would have killed me if I didn't plus I had Dean Okola there to write down the words and hold them up and point them to him the whole time ago it's all you man you merely wrote the music what an amazing contest though this most offensive song contest I can't believe it it's really taken on a life of its own some of this stuff we don't want to be connected to some of the songs that are coming in and it's so hard to just when are you going to pick a winner for this thing that's going to end the contest yeah so we just milk it 8,000 entries there was one we were listening to in the back room we can't even play it on the radio because it would need so many bleeps it would take away from the song didn't you hear us discussing it you know the famous song Fox on the Run by Sweet what rhymes with Fox with a C very good on the none that's great it's hilarious though you can't play it just because of the one word there's so many curses so tell the guy to redo it and take some of that out and just leave it to the worst we got to play it at least once you want to play it with all the bleeps maybe play it I know I'm the guy who really did a good job with the song in the 6 o'clock hour possibly you want to hear one of the songs we got yesterday before we get into the two brand new songs you brought us today which are not anywhere near as offensive as these things thank goodness who? you have three songs to play today? maybe you told me you were going to play come on wait wait wait ow my ear I'll have to walk steven out now alright well let's play this one from yesterday and then we're going to come back with steven lynch and a couple new songs whatever you want to do we don't want to piss off any more of our regulars we're running out of regulars at this time everyone's egos getting in the way I'm a stupid radio show alright and this is Q from yesterday yes done to the song imagine by john lennon have you heard this one yet? I'm ashamed to say I have heard it and I laughed I have to say something before you play this when I left yesterday I brought my radios and wanted to listen to this song I'm in the elevator back room and I have it up at a relatively high rate so he goes imagine there's no yeah bad word who happens to walk in an elevator but one of these people from this race and I'm going oh my god I'm going to get another fight I can't come to the show he goes you know you're on a low radio it's pretty offensive oh wow well it is pretty bad but it is in the most offensive song contest I said I'm sorry my name is paul from air sick yeah well the song starts off a little lopsided but then I think he takes care of a lot of different areas right after this oh yes we're going to do a love fest after the first few lines yeah sure a couple new ones from steven lynch on the way but first it's q the latest entry in the most offensive song contest music music music music music music music music music music music music music music music music music music music music music music music music There's no homos. I ate those little fudge-packin' Nancy Boy Bricks. Oh, my honor. Every time I see one, I wanna beat him in the freakin' head. You know what I mean? Then I'll rip his heart out, cut off his freakin' little ****. Imagine. All the fanokias. Oh, my honor. Just...dropping dead from a freakin' ass. You know what? You may call me a scumbag. I don't care. But I hate those freakin' kind of people. You know what I mean? I'm gonna go upstairs and get a freakin' shotgun. Yeah, I know a couple of mullin' out fags who need to get whacked. Imagine. There's no quirkiness. None of those three-legged little freaks running around the floor look like friggin' chimps. Mono and I hate those goddamn freakin' handicapped parking spaces. Christ, I wanna kill those goddamn little wheelchair gimp. Imagine. Taking all the repugs. Send them out on the PQE. Ha. That'd be a pretty sight, huh? But you know what? You may say I'm a scumbag. Call me every name in the book. I don't give a ****. You know what I mean? Because it pisses me off. I'm gonna take a friggin' shotgun. I'm gonna go out. And I'm gonna whack me a couple of lesbian, midget, Mexican, overweight, fat wheelchair bitches. Wow. Now that is just a... What a touching song. You may call me a scumbag. It's like the Italian Lenny Bruce, I think. Yeah, I think so. Alright. Woo. What do you say after something like that? There's nothing you can say. That's a contender. Alright, listen, we gotta take a break and we'll talk to Stephen Lynch some more and get a couple songs out of here. Brand new songs. We'll do that next. Stay there. The Radio Check. The underlying competition is so important for parents to prove their kid is really truly special. Three million sperm were shot. Only one minute. Now the other two million, nine hundred and ninety-eight thousand in change were so valuable that they were thrown away. Now think about it. Entire seeds of countries are wiped up almost every night at witches' house with a dirty gym class. Hey, hey, hey. How special is that? Dig the Chick. Mid-days 10 to 2 on 1027 WNEW. Some days, you know, we're a lap riot and other days we just flat out suck. We know it. Interesting, interesting. Hopefully we have them today. Hanging out with Stephen Lynch today. Also Jeff Norris hanging out in the studio. Hey, hey, hey. Mighty guard to the stars. You get punched in the ear and you get to hang out with us. Yeah. Did we feel so guilty? We're like, all right, you can hang out. Sorry. Sorry. Oops. Better you than me. That hurt. Oh, we were discussing Stephen Lynch's career, Anthony. Yes. We're happy that he's showing his face on our show today. Yeah. It's good to be back. We get a little paranoid when he takes a month away from the radio show. We're convinced that his people around him are convincing him that we're the anti-Christ. Yeah, we're thinking maybe he's going to come in here and start fighting. Kicking ass. Brawls. Do your people ever say anything nice about us? They love it when I come on the show. Oh, okay, good. Dude, my show's at Rascals. Yeah. Same thing. You know, ONA. Wow. Yeah, you definitely bring the people in. We haven't seen you since the road show at Mulcahy's in Warrantog. Mulcahy's. I've been on the road. I've been doing a lot of college shows. The thing I met Jay out in Boston was Gold Mine. Really? Gold Mine, yeah. So now you're all over the country being famous. Trying to. Well, you know, some of these shows I show up and there's a thousand kids. I'll go the next day to a show with literally four people. They don't know who the hell I am. Oh, that sucks. You're going to have the CD out soon though. That's going all over the country, right? Oh, man, you're going to be freaking huge. When's the release date? I don't know. We were gunning for April 1st, but then we went over. So I'm thinking maybe a couple of weeks it should be done. Let us know because we'll help you out with the first CD signing or something. We'll get everyone down. We'll get an event. Yeah, we'll go down. Who cares? We'll broadcast live, whatever you need, man. Cool. Whatever you need. Big support of the show. Yeah. And it doesn't yell at us. Yeah, no fights. It's great. We like when the people... I'm a peaceful guy. ...that are part of our show don't yell at us. It's greatly appreciated. No fighting. OP! That clip on FoundryMusic.com of him yelling is priceless. You too! His head's all red. He's like screaming. He's pointing at both of us with both hands. You're not a comedian. Oh, my God. You're not a clubber. If you were coming, you'd know. As he just like... And then at the split second, it hit him. Like, oh, my God, what am I doing? Guys, please. I want my guys down. You guys didn't hear what I just heard. I've been editing this mess the last hour. Yeah. Oh, you... When he starts yelling at you, you are like the people that... You're like the person that no matter what you say to him, you can't get them. You're just like, that doesn't bother me. That doesn't bother me. That, that, that, that. It's like, you're not touching me. I'm not touching you. I'm not touching you. It is the funniest freaking thing. I know you are, but what am I? Exactly. That's what you're expecting. But that's what you've got to do. It is so funny. You can't show the person they're getting to you. You know? Because it pisses them off that they're not getting to you. I don't think they were getting to us. No, not at all. Say what you want. I could care less. God, it's so funny though how everybody thinks that... Not everybody, they think that everybody should just be treated the same on their show. What is this, democracy? No. It's our show. Some people get right in. Some people have to wait. It's just the way it is. Sorry. Four hours. Four hours. Well, yeah. Maybe not that long. Well, what are you going to do? Well, you want to play a couple of tunes, Stephen Lynch? Sure. Brand new songs. Well, this one isn't brand new, but Rick says that I've never played it on the show. He heard it the other day. I'll play it for you. Is it going to be offensive? No. Compared to the other songs, I mean, please. Oh my God, I couldn't even try to top those things. All right, Stephen Lynch, the show is yours. A couple of little short songs here. You hear that? Yeah, I hear it fine. There we go. I had to see you one last time. There's something on my mind. How do I say what needs to be said? The words are hard to find. How about, bitch, give me my money? I want my money and I want it fast. Hey, bitch, give me my money. Guess I'm about to take it out your ass. Stephen Lynch, we'll play that 100 times. That's funny. I had a song that I shouldn't play this. You ripped that off, Stephen. You ripped that off. My wedding song. Your wedding song. It would have been. I think I tried to play this one for you guys once and they edited the entire thing. I thought maybe it would be a most offensive song, Contender, but after hearing those other songs, there's no way. We edited the whole thing with the new regime in place? Yeah, this was a few months ago. I think we were at commercials when you played it live. Really? Are they going to dump out of this? Oh, okay. I kiss you on the cheek. Good night, my love, I say. You turn to me and smile. The baby's on the way. Laying you drift asleep to dream of life anew. And I lie wondering just what I should do. I could kick you in the stomach and catch you unaware. I could swear to God you accidentally fell that flight of stairs. When I tell you that I love you, I would look you in the eye. I guess I'm not the fathering type of guy. That's all I got. So you can see for a minute I thought it might be a Contender and then it just got blown away. I can't compete with that one. If you threw a couple of lines about the colored in there. Oh, come on. Jesus. I apologize. Someone's asking when is the Comedy Central special? Because you taped that recently, right? Yeah, I taped it a couple of weeks ago. They start airing at the end of June and I think mine will be up in early July, but they haven't told me yet. That was fun. That was a good show. Rick was there. With his wife. Was it good? It was great. I'm like, what? That sucked actually. I thought you were sweating at the point of with the wife. No, that wasn't my wife. Oh my God. She didn't go to that one. That was worse. Come on. Come on. What? Come on, dude. We can't tell. All right. So we do one more here. Yeah. All right. Why not? I'll do one more. And this one's for the kids. The kids out there. Yeah, because you guys know that I do a lot of elementary schools. I like to come in, sing some cute little songs to the kids. Sure. One thing I feel is that I really need to stress to the kids that they can be anything they want when they grow up. And I tell them, no, I'm serious. They can be doctors or lawyers or whatever. And I say it's fun to use your imagination. So I tell the kids that they can be a superhero if they want to. Oh, very nice. Any kind of superhero they want. Isn't that cute? They can even make up their very own superheroes. OK. So I play this. This is for all the kids. Seriously, if there's kids listening, it's just for them. This is really not for adults. If I could be a superhero, I would be awesome man. I'd fly around the world fighting crime according to my awesome plan. And if I saw criminals trying to lie, hurting other people and making them cry, I'd haul them off to jail in my awesome van. Because I would be awesome man. Yeah. When I say kids, now you know. We all know that when people offer you drugs and alcohol, like me, you just say no. If I could be a superhero, I would be a drug free boy. Telling the world of the evils of drugs and all of the lives they destroy. Well, I take all the junkies getting so high with their needles and bongs and their sticks made of tie. As I burn them alive, I would squeal with joy. Because I would be drug free boy. If I could be a superhero, I'd be immigration dude. I'd send all the foreigners back to their homes for eating up all of our food. And taking our welfare and best jobs to boot. Like landscaping, dishwashing, picking our fruit. I'd pass a lot of laws to get rid of their brood. Because I'd be immigration dude. I have the kids imagine what superhero they would be. They could be any superhero. If you could be a superhero, would you be justice guy? Making sure people get what they deserve, especially women who lie. Like if a wife left her husband with three kids and no job to run off to Hawaii with them doctor named Bob. You could spin them and drain them of blood so they'd die. Especially Bob. Then you would be justice guy. Or you could be more subtle. I didn't mean to be vague. Give her the mad cow disease, let him die of the plague. As long as they suffered for their horrible lie. Especially Bob. Then you would be justice guy. Yes then you would be a superhero like me. David Lynch! There you go. That one's for the kids. That's cute. You could just picture them all running around like they're flying. Listen to the song with their cute little costumes on. Yeah, a little cape. Maybe iron on some letters under their little peach. A bunch of people say they dumped out the abortion song. Why? Right at the end I guess. I wonder what that's all about. That's too bad. Figure out what line that was. Are you kidding me? That's one of the songs I've been hearing today? I wonder what line that was. What was the line? I can't find out. I'm curious. Yeah, very curious. I wonder what line it was. Geez, did we cross the line? Get out. No way. That's the only song you've never done on our show. What? I don't want to put you on the spot so if you don't want to do it it's fine. But it makes me laugh my butt off every time I hear it. Which one? Ray Donovan. Really? It's so obscure though. It's very obscure. Because growing up Ray Don Chung was all that, Stephen. All that. As they liked to say. You know? What was the line that they dumped out of? Turns out it's the... The hanger line? Yeah. Wait, wait, wait. It was a hanger and thigh in the same sentence. No, no, no. See, I usually agree with John, the dump guy. Because I've been brushing up on the rules. But a hanger and thigh? Should we call him in in question? We'll call him in and then we'll lock the door and say F-word. Watch him try to gnaw his way through the door. He has 40 seconds to do it. New game. New game. That was a good game. That was a good game. He's got a spoon. He's leaving a tunnel back to his little room. He has 40 seconds to get to the button. That would be funny. You just call him in like, hey John, it's Ann's birthday. And we figured you'd come in and have a little piece of cake with everyone. Come on in. Sure. You know? Lock the door. Steve can stand in front of it. He can't go through Steve. F you, F you, F you. And then just watch the panic on his face. Paul. Paul. You're going to lock the door on me or what? Wow. No John, we wouldn't do that. You know, I got the boss hanging out. Let's give Jeremy a treat, shall we? Why is the boss hanging back there with you? Because somebody's going to hang back there when I'm in here. Did he hit the button on the... He gave me a subtle hint. Let's put it that way. The hanger on thigh? And his predecessor, the last time we played, they did the same thing. So, six months apart. All right. Okay. We can accept that. At least you're consistent. At least you can hear some of the songs these days. That's true. That is true. There was a time Stephen Lynch would come in and no one even knew because they'd jumped out of the whole segment. I didn't even talk about it. That was great. Stephen remembers the cat. We're talking about when I came in here and played Priest for the first time. You guys afterwards were like, oh, we're not going to be on there. We're done. It's over. We're done. The song is so tame now. The Priest song is still very, very out there compared to some of the offensive songs that have come in. That's what I'm saying. Wow. Unless you change the lyrics to, imagine there's no priests. Change the lyrics to... No freaking priests. No drinking out of chalices, no little loaves of bread. Imagine there's no priests molesting children. You may call me a sombe. Imagine there's no confessional boots with one door behind me. What? All right. All right. Well, John, thank you. I'll go back in my hole now. Thank you. You don't have to tunnel out. That would be a funny game. I must dig. He has backup. Yeah, no. He's got the button. I'm ready. Wait, wait. What do you want us to do? Can we all do it? I'm in the starting block. Wait, what do you want us to do, though? They're going to curse and see if he can hit it. I'll open the door and see if he can hit it. I've done this sprint before. Wait, so we curse. You have eight seconds to hit the button. Actually, I have 16 seconds. You've gained a bunch of weight, though, dude. You think you can make it down the hall? No. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I actually have 16 seconds. You've gained a bunch of weight, though, dude. You think you can make it down the hall? No. He's right. I'm sitting right here. Dude. I'm going to kick my ass for five hours a day. You're right. Oh, this is good. What curse can we use? Knock yourself out. Something. Well, something. The A-bomb. Yeah, we got to do. We got. Cursing every single one day. Colonel Kibbe, check the controls. All right. You have. Going down the runway with the atomic bomb. You have 16 seconds. I'm ready. You okayed this, right? All right. When does this come out? As soon as somebody says something. As soon as. Hold my shirt. Yeah, don't hold him. Don't hold him. Okay. I, the dumb guy, swearing under oath. Okay. Wow, let me see this. All right. Can I hold him? But you can't hold me back. Okay. Wait, explain this to the audience to make sure they know exactly what's going on. Okay, John is in a little room. John's in a little room. Yeah, you got to make it eight. Can we wrestle first? John's in a little room down the hallway and he has the button that does the thing. Okay. John's in a little room. John's in a little room. John's in a little room. Yeah, you got to make it eight. Can we wrestle first? John's in a little room down the hallway and he has the button that dumps out of our show. We're on delay. So what you hear coming out of your radio now, we said a few seconds ago. So if we curse. I think we said it yesterday. Yeah, it's yesterday's show. I actually drive home and listen to the show on the way home. So if we curse, he can hit a button and dump it out. No, I told him to stay out of the way because Jeremy said it. Okay. All right. We want to go down to eight seconds. 16 is boring. Okay. Okay. You have to hit this in eight seconds. It's like a rodeo. You might as well give it to me because... You have to hit this in eight seconds. Eight seconds. You have to dump out the following word, right? I don't know. Are you ready? You're going in order? Ready? Well, let me tell you something because after eight seconds, we're screwed because we only have eight seconds here. Right. So it's past our fail safe. We have our tape here, okay? Ready? All right, hold on. No, Rick, you got to open that door as soon as we say the word. And I am giving you the word. Okay. All right. On your mark, get set, go. And we will say, don't run like... I just did. I didn't do it. You idiot. Hold on. No, no, no, no, no. Wait. My God. He got me. I already dumped out, you idiot. I dumped out. You didn't even hear him say it. What are you looking at? What are you... Out of your mind? How did you not hear it? I said it. I said it and Rick is holding it and going, he didn't say it yet. What are you, a lunatic? I didn't hear it. Oh my God, Rick. Whoa, you almost screwed us. My heart is like pounding. He's holding the dumb guy back. After the big C word went over the... I dumped out. I'm waiting to hear it loud, like a Stark pistol. You just kind of threw it out there. Yeah, well, it went on mic. Who cares? John, you... Do it again. Wait, John, you didn't hit the button, right? I didn't hear anything. You didn't hit it, right? Yeah, because I dumped out of it. I didn't do anything. Jesus, Rick. Pay attention. I was just like... I was at a heart attack. Oh my God, I'm just watching him hold him back and go, let him go. Daily news on line six. Yeah. All right, Rick's at the door. I feel like fat guy. I'm like Wendy. All right, Rick's at the door. He's going to kick it open as soon as we say the word. John has eight seconds to make sure pretty much we don't get fired. Okay, ready? Imagine... Make it nice and loud, Anthony, okay? Okay. Let me do the countdown. Yes. Three, two... What happened? Span's wrestling. Hold on. Span's an idiot? Hold on, I dumped out again. Why are you dumping out? Because they're holding him back. I tried to... As soon as he gets outside the door, they're holding him back. They're freaking lunatics. So you want this to be a clean race? Yes. Yes. This is the worst race I've ever seen. I'm going to be a clean racer. I'm going to be a clean racer. I'm going to be a clean racer. Yes. Yes. The word goes out in the air, we will get fired. This is like Russian roulette. What are you crazy? I tried to get this... And now we've already fired three cylinders. Dude, you guys are nuts. I had to dump out of that. This is like running the gauntlet or something. What are they crazy? Span's fast. I dumped out of it already, John. He dumped out. I dumped out, though. I got it. Whoa, how did that happen? You still got it? I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. You still got it? I still got it. All right. Well, you are a bad mother. All right. I just wanted to see if you'd take off. Oh my God. All right, get back in your little booth. You got to be kidding me. I can't believe the guys were holding him back. Oh. He won't be able to hear it. Say it, Dylan. What? Say something. Too late. No, I'm not going to curse. Not now. All right. Thank you. In the studio today, Stephen Lynch. Yeah, yeah. Get ready to put out a CD. It's going to be all over the damn country. It's going to be huge. We'll do a party for it. I should say you're going to be huge-er. Huge-er. People in Minnesota are going to really know who you are, so. I'll get hate mail from all over the country now. There you go. Go in the closet. I'll get you a little bit of a Go in the club. Sarah, what's up? Yeah, what's up guys? I was wondering if you guys can help me out. Okay. Become like every guy's perfect girl. You want to be the perfect girl? The perfect girl. How much can you open your mouth? Okay? Honey, that's perfect and it ain't for talking. Oh my God. Perfect girl? Yeah, like body-wise, everything. Like I was thinking, this is only if you guys say it's okay. I come down there, you criticize me as much as possible. Sounds familiar. Sounds too familiar. Don't want Paul coming running in telling us we're ripping someone off. So I think we'll have to pass on that. But perfect girl, two things. Hummers and sandwiches. Yeah. Lots of hummers. In that order? Lots of hummers and make lots of sandwiches for your man. I think that's about it. That's about it? If a guy doesn't want a sandwich, he probably wants a hummer. Right. Okay. He wants to eat a sandwich while he's getting a hummer. While he's getting a hummer. Why not? Why not? Alright, Sarah? Okay, thanks a lot anyway. Alright, thank you. Bye. Bye. Perfect girl's not afraid of the wet spot on the bed. Okay? Just trying to help you out, honey. Okay? Debbie. Debbie. Hey, Debbie. Yeah, what's up? We're talking to you. I just had a quick question for Steven Lynch. Steven, when are you playing Long Island? I really want to see you. Long Island. I don't know. Long Island. I've got to finish the CD and then I'll tour with it. I'll hit the close. Hello? Oh, wait. Say that again. I'm sorry. When's Steven playing Long Island? I'm not sure yet. I've got to finish the CD and as soon as that's done, I'll start doing shows around town again and stuff. Okay, and one other thing. Opie? Yeah? You have to play the Japanese guy screaming, stupid! You're so stupid! Funniest thing ever. I'm so stupid. Well, Anthony. Stupid! You're so stupid! Well, thank you, Debbie. I love it. Alright. Thank you. Bye. Opie getting credit for pushing the button. I got it. I got it. I got you that clip. Stupid! You're so stupid! I'm so stupid! I'm so stupid! I'm so stupid! I'm so stupid! I'm so stupid! I'm so stupid! You're so stupid! You're so stupid! Joe, what's going on? Joey! Hey, Joe. Joe! Oh, he's got one of those phones. To be the perfect woman when the TV is on. You don't open your mouth. Okay. Simple as that. To be the perfect woman, don't open your mouth when the TV is on. Unless. Unless what there, Joe? Unless you're not eating a sandwich. Yeah, here you go. Jimmy from Long Island. Stephen wants to know when you'll be doing a song about cancerous live wires and urinating off a building. Didn't I already write that one? Wasn't that great? Richie, what's going on? My perfect ideal woman. Yeah. A mutant midget with a flat head that owns a liquor store. I think that old gag here. There we go. Now they're going to start calling. Okay. Stay alive, guys. Thank you, Richie. You're welcome. Virgin. Virgin. Okay. Coming. Coming. Coming. Virgin. Scott, so your perfect woman is a virgin. Virgin, I said. Coming. Virgin. Coming. Okay. Okay, that's right. All right, let's go to Rob. Hey, Rob, what's up? Hey, how's it going, guys? All right. Perfect woman. Yeah. How's it going? Perfect woman. Yeah. Has to swallow. Swallow her food, I'm imagining. Yes, that's what he means. Yes. Yeah. Of course. Keep it clean and on you up and up, certainly. Okay, thank you, Rob. Yeah. All righty. You guys suck. All right, learning a lot about the perfect woman today, Anthony. Yes, yes. All right, you want to get into the fight? Yeah, let's get into the brawl. I got to hear this. Okay. Well, everyone knows what happened by now. It's all over the papers. TV stations have been calling us. J. Moore, our buddy or pal who was supposed to stop in today, he might still. You're a little late. What TV shows have got the footage? No one's got the footage because... Oh, nobody? No. Yeah. We're waiting for more money. No, I'm just kidding. It's going to be shown in Jerry Maguire, too. But let's get right into it, all right? Yeah. Billy and Paul from airsick.net, taking on J. Moore two days ago. This is how it all began. All right, let's get Billy and Paul in here. Fat guy. Billy Hyne and Paul Bond from airsick.net. They have a problem with J. Moore. Airsick Productions. Airsick.net. You need chairs. Yeah. Which one's the fat guy? Take a guess. Uh-oh. It's hard to figure that one out, huh? Hey, Paul. Hey, J. What's up, man? Well, I'm put in a real screwed up position. First of all, I'm a little pissed with O and A. What happened? Well, what happened? Every time I try, I tell you guys something off the air is going to wind up on the air. That's our show. Yeah. We do it all the time. What'd you tell us off the air? What happened? What'd you tell us off the air? Let's get into it. I got a problem with J. Right. And so you got to bring it up on the air. Well, I'll tell you why we brought it up in the air, because you're not wrecked. You affected our show one day. So we're like, what the hell was that about? We're pissing ourselves that we didn't say something when J was live from LA on the phone. Well, hold on. How did we wreck the show that day? But I'm saying nothing. I didn't say, you kind of wrecked the segment, that's for sure. The day the Amadou Diallo verdict came out, ooh, funny guy. Wait a minute. I thought we were more talking about what Billy was saying and had no problem talking about it. Did we say that you had an argument? No, I know what they're talking about. Yeah. We mentioned the fact that they were in here. Wait, wait, wait, wait. They mentioned the fact when we were doing the Amadou Diallo verdict. Yeah. You know, these guys were in, right? Mm-hmm. And they were hanging on the show. And then J out of nowhere calls from LA. We put him on. He's making everyone laugh. And while J's making everyone laugh, you guys were sitting there with the same faces you got now with your arms folded. He wasn't making us laugh. And that affects my show. Or our show, I should say. He wasn't making us laugh. Why wasn't he making us laugh? No, he wasn't. So I was pissed at myself that I had the perfect opportunity to at least confront the issue, because J was from LA, live from LA, and you guys obviously had some type of beef with him. And to be honest, we blew it. We didn't say anything on the air that day. So then, yes, we did bring it up on the air. Yeah, so then you had to drag it up again. I call up just to make a joke saying it's going to be gay more week, blah, blah, blah, and then a whole cool chick. I said she changed her name to, she wanted to be Little Ho. Right. And then you had to bring a whole thing out about J. But Paul, in all fairness, at that point, you guys have mentioned it enough that it's time to see what the problem is. Well, I'm confused, because the last time I saw you, I was taking pictures with you and your girlfriend and your family, and then you'd stick your head in and you're screaming at everybody. Well, I got pressure from other comedians, all right? When I was on the show, and I was, you know, they go, you had a perfect opportunity to say something about J, and you didn't take the opportunity to say it. And quite frankly, I'm nervous about this. Why would you? Because I wouldn't say something about you, because I would think we were aligned. I know, especially when I heard that you said something nice about me on Friday, and I'm like, well, I know something, you know, this sucks, you know that? This really sucks. But you know, no, it's just, it comes down to like every week we do, sorry, we do stuff for you guys, and it's like, you know what? Oh, but look, here's somebody better. Screw you guys. We're going to take the next guy. No, it's like, you know, screw you. I think you guys have gotten a ton of air time on our show. More than any other radio show in the country, I would guarantee that. You're the only guys we work for for free, too. Whatever. Yeah. We don't need to pay you guys. We don't need to pay J more. It's a barter thing. I know that. You give us good songs that we play on the air. I know that. And we give you plugs. It's like a one-hand wash. I know that. I'm just pissed off that I'm in this position right now. Let me just put my cards in order. The two of you, I know you were Airsick Productions. You two are Airsick Productions. Right. Okay. We're both Airsick Productions. Okay. By the way, who are all these people with you? No, they're half of these guys who work here. This is my friend Bill. It's Deena Cola. Oh, that's Deena Cola? Yeah. The one song wonder. Wow. Oh, man. Deena Cola wrestled at Wisconsin. Did I be careful? Well, I don't know. I don't think the weights match up. Yeah. I think you guys are in different weight classes. I mean, this is one of the things. You come on like, oh, Deena Cola, Deena Cola. He's the greatest thing since sliced bread. The guy wrote one friggin' song. He takes credit for starting a whole contest. You know, a blown age isn't just one song. Yeah, it is. It's one song. That's like the free bird of six songs. What are you talking about? In your opinion? In my opinion. Steven Lynch was on stage last night. He hit the stage. We gave the guy credit. He started the most offensive song contest. We're not talking about that with you guys. We're talking about when Jay calls up. It's always like, oh, you know, Mike Deena Cola, Mike Deena Cola, Mike Deena Cola. So he's plugging a friend. Where's the problem in that? It's one... Mike, Mike, Mike. There's a microphone over here. Mike. Mike, radio. You gotta use the mic. Mike was doing shots of Black House last night. Huh? I said I'm talking to you. Okay. You're slamming a bit. That doesn't make... I'm slamming the fact that we gotta bust our ass when we come in here to try... Whaa. Oh, I mean... Oh, oh, I'm sorry, Jay. Don't stop short. Deena Cola's gonna go up your ass. Yeah. Jay, how's a career just lacking yourself onto somebody? Piper, you're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. You're a good guy. Yeah. Jay, how's a career just lacking yourself onto somebody? Pardon me? What? Oh my God. How's your career just lacking yourself onto somebody? Following around the country like a little bitch. We're getting way off track here. We're getting way off track. The problem is there are things that Jay says on the air that aren't his, never have and never will be. And he uses them in his act and it's bringing people into clubs, all right, under false pretenses. And you guys know about it? Oh, no, wait a minute. And I've been told by other comics, why don't you say something to him? You have the opportunity. What bits? Well, just tell us what bits are yours first. We'll make it easier. Wait, wait. Do the following words ring a bell with you at all? Leather Cheerio, Starfish, Whale's Eye. So a red fireman's here. Hold on, hold on. Whale's Eye. Whale's Eye is ours. That's theirs. That's all from here. Whale's Eye is ours. That's all from them when they did this lady on the phone. I got the Whale's Eye and the balloon eye from my brother. The phone sex lady called me. Remember? You guys had me on the phone to phone sex. That was all her stuff. No one comes on the radio though and say, oh, Jay Moore of the Map of Hawaii, his bit. That ain't your bit. You're getting credit for it and you're walking around the studio. Oh, yeah, my Map of Hawaii. That ain't yours. And you're taking full credit for it. No one of it ain't yours. Whose Map of Hawaii? Oh, please, you don't know, right? See, you don't know. I said it right here. Yeah, but you don't know where it came from, do you? I'll tell you. My manager used to tell me, Matt, but it came in Ireland. So someone stole it from my manager and then I stole it back. You're friends with Otto and George. Don't play dumb. I pump Otto and George up every time I'm here. Yeah, but at least... I don't let George get more airtime because of me than themselves. You guys are all talking to a puppet. I'm here saying, I come on the air and I say he's the funniest guy that ever lived. You guys got to see how I'm doing. Yeah, and obviously you're using his material. The word starfish? You said bits. Well, yeah, because it's part of bits that he does. I do a tenner bit. Then you're taking away... No, no. I do a tenner bit. Do they get laughs or not? Do the words themselves get laughs? Absolutely. Yes, right. That makes it an essential part of the frigging bit. It's not a small part. It's called hack. No. And you're doing it on the air. First of all, I'm a hack. I'm not going to deny the fact that I'm a hack. You're a hack. I am a hack. Well, good, because Geoffrey Ross would appreciate that. Because he's a hacker also? No, because you're frigging stealing from him too. Oh, now you're... What are you guys doing? What are you doing? Wow. What do I steal from Geoffrey Ross? On the air. We're listening to you on the air, Jay. Let's get Geoffrey Ross on the phone. You've said stuff about... I do an hour and a half when I'm on stage, and I would like to go through... Let's go through a set list, all right? I see. I don't live in LA, so I don't know what's yours and what's not. Come to the show tonight with a frigging notebook and a piece of paper. Firstly, Jay, I saw a guy at the airport, a rapping cow. I do the story about getting raped by a dolphin for 15 minutes. Probably a guy dolphin. Yeah, it was a guy dolphin. It was a chipper. Hence the rape. Yeah, I got raped by a female dolphin, Einstein. Oh, there's two. Okay, then we got... What else have we got? We got the musket joke. We got the whole Montell Williams. We got Dover Winfrey. We got that. Wow, it makes it sound like something I want to come see. But hey... Oh, wow. Billy, Billy. It was funny. Pimp hands. Where did that come from? Pimp hands. Oh, Anthony, I taught you everything you know. You know what? I'm the best. I'm the best. I'm the best. I'm the best. I'm the best. I'm the best. I'm the best. I'm the best. Anthony, I taught you everything you know about pimp hands. Anthony's never gotten a bra or gotten wowed before J. Moore walked in the studio. And Anthony's... Oh, dude. Anthony makes you fall off. That's obviously a joke. You're stretching. Anthony makes a... I wish you guys weren't on goddamn vacation because I would have had Rick cut this crap up on a thing. You would have played it. You know, on second listen, it does sound like he's accusing me of not being able to do what I do, which is be funny and get the girls' tops off before he got into goddamn trouble. Oh, you're stretching, man. Oh, my God. Anthony says something and J goes, hey, I'll be the funny one here. Yeah, I'll be the funny one. Oh, excuse me. Gee, is it the Opie, Anthony and J show? No, it's the Opie and Anthony show. They were funny before you. They'll be funny after you. I agree. They take credit for all... Oh, my God. I don't think I've ever said that to Anthony or Opie. Yeah, yeah. I think... J, I'll tell you why. Have you ever been saying that to you? Like, I'll be the funny one? I don't even... If you do say it, I don't even care. And yeah, that's the big thing. It doesn't matter. We've been abused by every guest we've had on this show. And you all have given it back. And you've given it back. And you have never given it back to him. Oh, my God. Tell him that. How many times have I been here? No, wait a minute. Have you listened to the show when he first came in here? Oh, Gary Markle. Oh, yeah, that's a good one. You know why? What's the deal with you? You can get Game Morpho off on the air, all right? Then you draw a little circle around his butt, all right? Then you show your ass to Stephen Lassie, right? Then you walk in here and you show your son to Opi and Anthony. But wait a minute. But wait a minute. I'm telling them because they're getting started. Wait a minute. Oh, J.C. cut it. See, J.C. has cut it. They cut it. Yeah. Oh, my God. You see? I'm still a bad guy. That's the freaking difference. I'll do something for you and I'm a bad guy. You're an ungrateful prick. Yeah, maybe I am. But wait a minute. But J.C. and Samanis, you called them up when you did your West Darlings show and they said, Gay Marcos here. And you said, I nearly turned around and punched them when they came up on stage. I'm like, it's either you're gay or you're a gay basher. You can't be both. I'm not a gay basher and if I hate fags. It's just, you know something? I think you're taking everything literally. Well, we blame you for never sticking up for us. Yeah, exactly. Because I don't agree with your B for J. Who did I steal the 10-minute walk-in bit from? Walk-in. Who did I steal that from? Musket. Who did I steal the stuff from? I am women getting ready for bed. Oh, Jesus. I respect you a little bit more than you just said. You know what? I did barbership on stage. Paul, at least, is calling me out. You've sat there like, you talk about Dina Kola ramming up my ass. You've sat there like a little buddy on Welcome Back Cod or like Charles Fleischer next to the black guy. You've said nothing. You've sat there the whole time. You've got no beef. You've got no leg to stand on. Paul is actually calling me out. You're just a freaking baby. Shut your freaking mouth, because at least Paul is talking to me and telling me things he's got problems with that I can identify. You're just running your mouth. I didn't know what the fuck you're talking about. Oh, okay. You don't know what I'm talking about. Okay, what? Why don't you just admit? Why don't you just admit to something, you freaking lying sack of shit? That you're a lying fucking thief? What did I steal? Yeah, we'll fuck you, J. You know? Hey, you don't want to do that. What are you going to do? Are you going to get up? Hey, hey, no brawling. No brawling. No brawling. Oh, fuck, no brawling. Brawling. Oh, for fuck's sake. J, J, back it up. Back it up. Back it up. Come on, J. Back it up. J, he's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. He's going to get me. I'm sorry. I can't be gone. He's going to get me. No, back. Back it up. I'm going to get him. Get this hangar on off of me. Alright? Alright. Get this hangar off of me. Get this hangar off of me. I'm going to get a shit out of you. Let us fight. Let us fight. Let us fight. No brawling. You're a big fag. Oh, shut up. You weird bastard. Come on, let's fight. Get out of here, you little hollow. Where's your fight? How can you never bring your wife down. Holy fuck. She was in that way, Einstein. Let us fight. You big animal. Get off of me. the big animal off of me no no no brawling in the studio come on yeah before we leave it's like a fight fight not be the big guy you want to see a fight like it'll be they'll be saying oh yeah let's go outside we're off the air by the way David's very cold he wants his act right here we lost the light we lost the light we're in bed handling right now we're off the air oh my god and there's oh and there you have it from two days ago yeah that was pretty much it they there was some bonus material in there you didn't get to hear that on the air because we went to the Van Halen yeah a lot of that stuff didn't even make the air because of all the cursing and stuff yeah they had to dump out they kept dumping out so much it didn't have any it didn't make sense at the end of that Wow damn that was something what a what a mess we have part two Anthony okay cool instead of like you know making people wait through a stop sign let's let's get right into it okay all right what are we gonna hear here when Billy fat guy went outside and waited for Jay or is there a lead-up to it or what this pretty much picks up as soon as we get enough delay back up that we can go back on the air just turn on the mics and it just continued okay and then then they end up towards the end you see where it ends up alright cuz near the end of that what we just played yet a Van Halen song was playing for everybody in their cars and that's what we are hearing in the studio they hit the big button that just takes us completely off the air and goes to a Van Halen CD at the transmitter never thought we'd see the day but it happened two days ago alright so this picks up when we got enough delay to get the show back in the air here we go Anthony we're back on the on the air oh my god we have way way way got explained to listeners what happened we ran out of delay and then we had a melee yeah trying to keep fat guy and Jay apart everyone separated so they went into a Van Halen tonight heard why you let us like I wasn't there Jay those guys in here everyone stood between us there can't be you can't fight in here you we can wrestle but that was wrestling we weren't we didn't hate each other got out of his chair that fat bastard that 350 pound troll got out of his chair bring him back in Rick bring him back in let's fight let's fight on here pay-per-view fight on here no the problem with this whole scenario Jay is that they're not saying crap in my and on defense because I don't want you we have you're wrong Paul you are wrong you are wrong you are god damn opi you understand whatever material that's not gonna hurt me that's not gonna hurt me wrong that's not gonna hurt me community that is wrong Paul when you say nobody sticks up for you or good takes your side no one has confronted you with anything on our show you've come in we've done something right now you've done okay anyway okay more one whole more week of Jay more that's a joke that's a joke say we don't say that's a joke what did I just say I just say when he walked in I was goofing on how he said when he walked in was the gay gay and what it didn't know we say welcome to the J more plug we'll get to the J more plug after joking like I could take you when he attacks us and he could take it take you when we attack him for you guys it's real for some reason conversations off the air where you dad is not true I am not gonna let you right like what I can't take it I don't know if I could take it another whole that's not true not true terrific I just noticed something this morning the only show how to face are you guys I don't care is he 100 this morning when you check your facts first over there said you did see 100 I didn't do it you were supposed to all right please spit you out so fast we know what happened to you you know the good thing about you you talk a good game talk yeah you talk to get to you I still had a breath you didn't get me six people between we know we were keeping you guys apart these guys do not work here you brought them in with you here you're holding me back he was holding me back okay so let's see what you're doing you're too big guys who came in with you to two cops or something we can't have you two killing each other Billy they came in before anything happened so what you can't stick up yourself any boys with you how many times you don't admit to stealing you gotta bring guys in with you get rid of them be a man for once for Christ sake we leave the room please Billy we both leave the room we can't have you two beating the crap out of each other now we have restrictions as to what's okay it's never been okay for anybody to kill each other in this studio you can fight clubs in here before but that's right on the way not all I need each other what you guys don't hear the same thing you don't you don't think you're really fighting and trying to kill on the floor called a wrestling match no hatred someone's gonna kill someone I hate you Russell Russell come on I'm gonna rest in a punching a mouth you can have that the rest of the life like my age you called I can't afford to hurt my face you know you pissing you know you're living on your freaking laurels I'll let you hit me first huh I'll let you hit me first okay then it's over then what it's gonna be over yeah let's do it come on wait wait wait look look look look look the two guys that are with me will leave the room so that none of my posely boys that I brought that come with me Deena Cole and you leave the room you leave the room twenty that happens is an ONA or somebody you brought to separate them. I can bring everybody. Don't hit him first. All I need is another freaking lawsuit. That's all I freaking need. More litigation. I got no money as it is. Now if he or you die and the lawsuits come in to Opi and Anthony I'm F I'm not I can't afford to have you two kill each other I can't afford it. Hey Fat Guy all I know is when I was when I was loading up my right there was a lot more than those two guys between us. Oh okay you know you talk so good. Yeah. You really talk a good game Jeff. If you want to kill each other. Let us go. Downstairs. Does he work for me? Can I bring him? Can I bring him? Can I bring him? You want to sign a release that says uh. Jay you're the best back skater in the league baby. Oh my god. Oh let me at him let me at him but guys don't let go. You faggot pussy. Oh my god. You are you're a nothing Jay you're a laughing stock. You know like how many people have been a rascal since last night if not for this show? Probably half as many. Keep going. Half. And the point? The point is you know when he comes in. He gives us good radio he gets plugs in return. And what do we give you? What do we give you? We've made you guys a little bigger. You make us big for every hour. What? What friggin plug we do? You bust our chops and we come in and say we got a gig this week for Coveters and you're like oh all you come in here to do is plug. Oh Jay walks in the first time. We return do you? We get nothing in return. We say that to everyone when they plug it. We make fun of him when he plugs. But you know how to give the plugs don't you? How can everybody stop the news from coming to you if I'm such a backpedaling you faggot. Hey fat guy fat guy fat guy. I have one thing to say. I have one thing to say. Anthony's brother Joe. I'm Anthony's brother Joe. Pleased to meet you everybody. Pleased to meet everybody here. Listen to me. Listen to me for one minute. I've been working with Anthony and O before probably going on six years from day one writing parodies writing bits working with him a lot. Okay. I never I never once pissed and moaned and bitched about not being able to come in when I want on my terms how I want to come in. When I heard you the other day man it really did turn my stomach. I'm not taking Jay's side. Okay. I'm not taking Jay's side. I'm speaking I'm speaking the thoughts of most of the people that are listening to you right now. Okay. I never pissed and moaned the way you guys are. Okay but how do you know that? I mean how do you know that you're speaking the thoughts of all the people who are listening? Just look at the phone calls. Look at the look at everything coming in. Look at the facts. It's not an opinion. It is. It's a fact man. It's a fact. The problem here. The problem here is that. Well Jay what are you upset about? Are you upset because this is the truth? The problem here is that these two guys are back. What are you so upset about? We're not back. We're not back. We're not back. Shut up. What are you so upset about? That's what I'm upset about. I want to know what Jay is so upset about. Right now I'm upset because I couldn't get to you. No but what got you so upset you want to get to me? Because you can't get to the truth Jay? Because you got out of your chair and came towards me my friend. Look you don't like being told that you're a bony and a fake and a thief. No it's fine. And you're old. It's fine. Then what are you so pissed off about? I'm going to tell you. Shut the f*** up. Let him talk. From here to here to my fingertips to my shoulder belongs to me. When you were talking I didn't care. You came out of that chair, took off your headset and you started coming towards me. And I'm not going to sit in a chair and get blasted by some fat bastard. I got out of the chair to meet you halfway like a man. And then we got broken up. I've twice since then tried to come over there to punch you in your fat f***ing mouth. And everyone around here is breaking us up. And I noticed something. You called me a back peddler. You just stay there. No one's stopping you from coming to me. Six people are stopping me from coming to you. Six people? And now we're really making... This is really... One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. Stop and J, you're so bigot. This really worked out well. You're a little pissant. This really worked out well for us, open end. Thanks for sticking up. We really appreciate it. What? Sticking up? You guys burned yourself. Whatever. I'm an rascal son, everybody, at 8.30. Right in front of the door. Oh, please. I swear to God. If there is a God on earth, please. I don't have anything to plug so you don't have to worry. Let the fat guy... Slow down. Why don't you plug your broken jaw, you fat a**? He's right here. He won't let me near you. You've got a lot to say. I'm going to go. He's going to slap him like a bitch. He talks like a bitch. Hey, hey, hey. Mike, Mike, Mike. We can't have people killing each other. Okay. There goes J. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. You know, we know, right? Yeah, we know bloodshed. Holy smoke. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Mike, Mike, Mike. Holy smoke. This is like, how are you going to play my parodies? We got more meat in this room. You guys said, you guys knew this was going to happen. J, J, no effing way. You got eight freaking bodyguards in here. No effing way. You got eight freaking guys in here to keep me from knocking that guy in his ass. They are in here for that. I swear to God, you didn't know this was going to happen. You know where the mask goes is, and you know where each entrance is. You wait for me. One on one, I swear to God. Before, before, because I got to go to work, because people are, people are. Wait for me outside the studio. Wait for me outside the studio. I'll be outside the studio in about an hour. Wait for me outside the studio. Look how he yells when there's six people between us. Oh my God. And that's how it went down two days ago. We're back live on the radio. That is just as amazing the second at their time. Isn't that great? I picked up so many things. I'm Thanksgiving, you know. I picked up so many things. Listen back to that, man. The adrenaline was flowing. I wasn't listening to everything they had to say. They were just out of their freaking minds. Boy, I don't know what I was thinking. Billy and Paul came off like perfectly sane individuals, listening back to it with valid points. Could that have possibly been the most ridiculous argument you've ever heard in your life? Pretty much, yes. I mean, when they're arguing about chocolate starfish by the Cheerio, by the Cheerio. You stole it. Step back. Look at what you're arguing about. Step back in. Take a deep breath. Oh my God. Do you know people in other countries are dying? All right. They would kill each other for a real Cheerio. That's only like 20 minutes of something that lasted an hour and a half. That's the crazy part about it. And the rest of it was just as intense. I think tomorrow we might have some audio when Billy was just sitting outside the Brooklyn Dining Hall. Calling the show, just begging Jay to meet him on the street. Classic. A real fifth grade street fight. Also my lunch box. Give me my He-Man lunch box. And Billy would be pissed if someone stole his lunch box. Yeah, but his lunch box is a suitcase. Well, Jay ain't going to be able to lift his suitcase, lunch box. Also, I'm going to be pissed if someone stole his lunch box. Well, Jay ain't going to be able to lift his suitcase, lunch box. Also, we're trying to move on with the show and the phone rings and it's Fat Guy. Well, I'm out here pussy waiting for you. And the crowd is just... Where are you, you faggot? Where are you, you faggot? Come on, I'm going down. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. I'm waiting. Jay's like, I'm just going to go to the bathroom. That's it. And Jay runs like Carl Lewis to the elevator. Yeah, because everyone's holding him back. They didn't want him going downstairs. He goes, no, no, I'm just going to the bathroom. I'm just going down the... He opens the door. He takes like real saunter, kind of two real slow steps and then boom, he runs past the bathroom and he goes to the elevators. But there's a slight problem in his plan because everyone gave chase. Yeah, then he hits the elevator button. They're on him. They're on him in the elevator with them. We've all done that though. Look, man, I'm going to be cool. I'm going to be cool. Look, look, going to be cool. Look, look. You know, he takes two steps and then... Yeah, I know. He's all crazy. He's all crazy. He gets in the elevator. What a madhouse, man. So there's a lot of tape to go through obviously. Rick will probably have some more audio. Because when he's calling the show, just begging Jay to come outside and say, I have to give it to the fact guy. It's pretty damn funny. It's kind of pathetic, but it's really funny too. When you watch the video on FoundryMusic.com and you see fact guy sitting there like he's on the phone and Jay comes out of the revolving door and it's all on video tape. And fact guy just like takes his phone and he sees Jay. He goes, oh, well, I guess I'm going to be fighting. I'll put my phone away. He stands up and Jay charges at him. It was like two rams going at each other. And then my other favorite clip is Rick goes water skiing. It looks like, because fact guy lunged after Jay. Rick grabbed his arm and it didn't even slow fact guy down. Rick is sliding. He's sketching on the sidewalk on fact guy. On his heels trying to hold him back with his look on his face like, wait, I'm moving. It was the funniest damn thing. Great clips. Who was Billy from two days ago? Billy. Yeah, what's up guys? You're part of Jay's entourage? Yeah, I was there. I was the guy in the back. Yeah. Okay. But I got to tell you, listening to this again, man, you know, whenever you get into a fight, like a couple days later, you relive it and your heart is pounding. I'm sitting here at home and I'm like, for those that don't believe it might be real, let me tell you, I was part of the water ski team with Rick trying to hold back. I'm telling you, that guy's got the motion. The water ski team. Yeah. Wow. And like Barry said, he did look like a bag of onions though. But just wanted to call and let you know, man, it was really intense listening to the replay again. And that's only 20 minutes of an hour and a half of material there. Oh, and I'm trying to download it on the computer. Forget about it. We tried to do that last night at Rascals too. Everyone is pounding FoundryMusic.com for the video of it. Funny stuff. It was great, guys. All right. Thank you, Billy. You're welcome. Cool. So, I'm at the park. Yeah. Oh, and Billy and Paul called. They want to plug a sold out table of four at Paisanos. And of course, Billy will be using up three of the chairs. Oh my goodness. Again, the email coming in, if there was any doubt who came off looking very silly during that whole thing, once again, people just pounding the guys from AirSick. They buried themselves. Why would you do that? Why would you do that? I don't understand. It's like it was done specifically to crucify themselves. Yeah. Unbelievable. And they're sitting there. They can't understand why Ant and I aren't defending it. And it's our fault because they did have a problem and we brought it up. So, it's our fault. They could have come on, voiced their concern to Jay in another way, told us to go F ourselves, whatever, whatever. The one thing, I mean, I'm insulted that they just think that we don't have control of our own radio show. You know, like, oh, it's going to be gay more all week. Yeah, we just got to deal with it, you know. Like we don't have the balls to stick up for ourselves. I'm really insulted by that because, you know, if we say that on the air, there is definitely sarcasm put to it. Yeah. And we have no problem with people coming in here and taking over for the day. It makes our jobs easier. Steven Lynch just gave us what? 40 minutes of material. That was 40 minutes we didn't have to do anything for. There you go. So, we don't care. That's what it's all about. You give us good radio, we give you great plugs. Fat guy checking in, he's waiting up on the roof to pee on us. Going to have to watch that. All right, well, let's take a break. All righty. Rick, is that song ready? Yeah. All right. Which song? The Fox on the Run. Oh, my goodness. That sounds bad. What rhymes with Fox? Courtney's last name, Courtney Cox, right? Right, Courtney Cox. So, it's on the none. Another entry in the Most Offensive Song Contest. All right. We'll do that and we'll do that again. All right. All right. We'll do that and we'll do a quick round of what did we learn on the opening Anthony show today, okay? Great. All on the way. Steven Lynch is still here too. I'll stick around. Now you've got to stick around. You threw me in with that fight. Isn't that amazing? I wish we had more audio to play but maybe tomorrow. We've got to see the video. We've got to see the video. You take the Tyson and Evander fight when he bites the ear. You've got to keep watching it and watching it. You're not a comic, old B. If you were a comic. That doesn't bother me. That doesn't bother me. That doesn't bother me. That doesn't bother me. That doesn't bother me. That doesn't bother me. That doesn't bother me. That doesn't bother me. Like a robot. If you were a comic, Jackie Green said that in 72. Oh my God. All right. We'll be back. Stay there. You guys sometimes like piss me off, okay? One, oh, two, seven, W, N, E, W. Hey, Anthony Pizzano of Mulberry Street in the Heart of Little Italy. Yes, you'll love Pizzano. Yes. Before we get into the spot, Zeke from Jersey checking in on instant feedback. He says, I use the word starfish today. Where do I send the royalties? Somebody who doesn't want to break the comedy law. It's all you people using, okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. You'd better be giving us credit. Okay, terrific. Okay. Yeah, okay. All right, it's Pizzano of Mulberry Street in the Heart of Little Italy. We love Pizzano. We only learned earlier this week that they have incredible pasta lunch specials at Pizzano. Don't forget that. Huge incredible pasta lunch specials. When you think Pizzano because of what we've been saying, you think they're great atmosphere at night for dinner. You go there, huge portions made from old world recipes brought over from Joey himself. And yeah, it's great. Good atmosphere, great service, but also lunch specials. Got to remind people, you're in Little Italy during lunch. Pop in to Pizzano and get the huge incredible pasta lunch specials. As I read it from this year. He's been advertising with us for a year and we kind of forgot about that point. Yeah. I think it was something he wanted to stress. Also ask for Joey. Tell him, hey, O&A sent me and Joey will bring over a glass of wine on the house, okay? It's Pizzano of Mulberry Street in the Heart of Little Italy. Give them a call. 965-1188. That's 965-1188. The Four Morons of the Apocalypse. 127-WNEW. Take it down. The O&A show. Billy Hayes checking in. Hey, what's up? Hey, what's up, Billy? How you guys doing? How are you? You know who the toughest guy was to hold back? I had the, I had that guy pinned against the wall. Oh, that was a piece of cake. Like Barry said, he's a bag of onions. Deena Kohler. Yeah. After Jerry Spring had two-step down pat. I couldn't hold him down for a second. Deena Kohler. He had Corbett's moves to the left. Corbett's moves to the right. He was all over the place. Couldn't touch him for anything. Yeah, he was slippery, man. He was going to get hit. Unbelievable. He couldn't hold it onto either one of them. That guy was a bad onion. Piece of cake. Jay's feet kept coming off the ground. They had to actually pick him up off the floor so we couldn't get traction. Unbelievable. Deena Kohler was unbelievable. He was unbelievable. Steven Lynch to left? Yes. Get off me! What's up, brother? What's that? What are you doing? Hanging out. All right, man. How you doing? How's your dead grandfather? What's that? How's your dead grandfather? What? His name is the same as my grandfather's and we were talking about it last night. My near grandfather's dad. Yeah. So now he's making fun of me. He's making fun of me. Thanks, man. All right, you guys. I'll see you Monday. Bye-bye. Thanks, Billy. There he goes, Billy Hayes. Wow. Part of the J-More entourage. Well, Anthony, we have another entry in the Most Offensive Song Contest. Yes. I think this one's more like a ... I don't know if it could actually win because first of all, I think the singing is more offensive than the lyrics. This is more like an exhibition, I think. I think this is like during in-between periods of the hockey game when they bring the guy out and he's got to shoot the puck through the little thing for the car. This is what this is. All right. I think it's more about just balancing out the contest. Oh, is that it? After your brother's song yesterday, we figured we'd better hit another group here today. I'm going to get the Catholics. Yeah. And it's personally offending me. Oh, is it? Oh, yeah. Yeah, sure. Very offensive. Very offensive. Do we know who ... Do we know who sent this one in? I just heard ... Has His? Saul, never die. Has His? Has His. H-A-Z, H-I-Z. Has His. The song is called What on a Nun? Right. Z. Vocals by Pope Paul, spoken word by Fats. Oh, how about that? The Pope sending in a ... Oh, no, man. Come on. The word that is bleeped out a lot here in this song, it's the last name of Courtney Cox from Friends. Right. You know. They'll recognize the song, too. Sweet's classic Fox on the Run. Yeah, some favorite when you're driving in your car, right? Trust me, you don't even have to call about the voice in this song. We know it's offensive. Fox on the Run, here it is on the cue. U-104. The latest entry in the Most Offensive Song Contest. Here it is. Hi. Oh, God. I just want to have some fun. Saul, God, and Rico. The way I did before. Okay. Since you're always down on your knees, I'll bend you over and show you how to please. By banging your back door. You scream and it's a good thing. I'm gonna have some fun. Saul, God, and Rico. The way I did before. Okay. Since you're always down on your knees, I'll bend you over and show you how to please. By banging your back door. You scream and it's a good thing. I'm gonna have some fun. Saul, God, and Rico. The way I did before. Okay. Since you're always down on your knees, I'll bend you over and show you how to please. By banging your back door. You scream and it's a good thing. I'm gonna have some fun. Saul, God, and Rico. F*** on and on. You scream and everybody comes. Run and take your habit and hide yourself away. My c*** went in the nun. Oh my God. Oh my f***. On and on. All night and all day. Oh yeah, let's go. You talk about only one God. Shut up while I ramrod your son. You dirty filthy whore. I don't want to see your face. And the clothes you wear are disgrace. Now I will pick some more. F*** on and on. You scream and everybody comes. Run and push your habit aside. I'll have my way. My c*** went in the nun. F*** on and on. All night and all day. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. Okay, horrific. Very good. Got that right, Scott. F*** on and on. You scream and everybody comes. Run and take your habit and hide yourself away. My c*** was in the nun. F*** on and on. All night and all day. All night and all day. All night and all day. There's nothing the matter with that I do. I'm definitely a virgin. Alright, there you have it. Slow and calc. Someone says, Oh my god. Crap, this sounds like someone sodomizing a cat. Has his vocal cords in the knot. What? That's the latest entry. What was the name of that guy? Has his... Was it Peter Brady when he joined the Glee Club? When it's time to change. So offensive my ears are bleeding. This guy's voice is the most offensive thing ever. Wow. This should be Clinton's theme music. I don't know what they mean by that. You gotta get the other one ready for tomorrow. That sounds like me singing when I get it off the balloon knot. Alright, it's time to play What Do We Learn on the Open Anthony Show today. I'll throw out the first one. Wayne from New Jersey on the Instant Feedback. I learned that Spaz's hair gets puffy and wavy after he washes urine out of it. Yeah, we learned that today. I learned a bunch of things about fluid physics from 40 Stories Up. You can actually still hit people with pee. That was amazing. It's an instant feedback. I can't say who it's from, but it says, Today I relearned that Infinity doesn't own Z100 PLJ, Jammin, Q104 or Hot 97. Now that one is good. That's true. That's very good. Okay, let's go back to the beginning of the show for that one. There you go. Tim, what's going on? Hey Tim. Hello. What did you learn on the show today? You know what? You wanted to know what I learned today? I don't know. Go ahead. I learned that I'm going to meet Anthony at this goddamn no-doubt concert tonight. You're going too, huh? I'm going. I'm trying to nail this broad. She's got tickets. So I figured I would go and see No Doubt and nail her afterwards. Wear your belly shirt. Yeah. Hold on. Who do you think you are? I'm sorry. I figured I would wear my belly shirt and my khakis. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. I love you. You guys rock. All right. Thank you, Tim. Hey, I'll see you at the concert. Yeah. Later, man. Rock and roll going down tonight with No Doubt. Let's go to Sarah. Sarah, what did you learn on the show today? I learned I should take a valium before listening to you guys. What? It was rough stuff today. Oh, really? My stomach was churning. I heard it all week and then to hear it again. Yeah. Oh, the fight? Yeah, I think this is too much stress for Anthony. You know? Huh? Anthony, you know, you're going through litigation. You've got all this stress. I don't know if this fighting is really what you need right now. You've got enough fighting in the courtroom, huh? Oh, it's okay. I don't care. All right. All right. I've got nothing left to lose. Keep it light, you guys. It's getting a little heavy in there. I think you need to bring some women back in. We're doing that tomorrow. All right. Oil wrestling. That'll get the ratings. Oil wrestling. Okay. You stole that, Anthony. And you wouldn't know because you're not a comment. Yeah, you guys picked the wrong day to come in today. Jason said what I learned from the show. Spaz probably peed on himself. Hey, Greg, what's up? Hey, I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. Hey, Greg, what's up? Hey. How are you? I learned that sun showers come from invisible clouds around the sun. Very good. And those clouds are eons away. Eons away. Very far. Floating around the sun, of course. I love that stuff. All right. I love that stuff. Hey, I know a guy who has the same name as you. Someone very close to me. All right. Thank you, Greg. Okay. All right. Bye. Let's go to John. John, what did you learn on the show today? Well, I learned that in order to get through spas, you've got to lie about your real name, which is Anthony. Okay. And I also learned that whenever anything goes down on your show, music suddenly comes on. Yeah. Yes. When you hear music on the Opie and Anthony show, there's probably bloodshed somewhere on the show. Yeah, you know something's going on. Not only, not just any music. When you hear Ain't Talking About Love by Van Halen, we have it taken off the air. Yeah, no intro either. You know, boom. I know. It's right in the middle of it. All right. Thank you. Take it easy, guys. You're great. Let's go to Matt. Matt, you're next on N.E.W. Hey, how are you doing, guys? Great. Is there any way we can get to that CD player? Where is it? It's on a computer. Would that be the funniest damn thing if we put like some of the raunchiest material we've ever done in there so that no matter how bad we get here, they hit the button and it goes to something worse? That could be funny. On the CD? Oh, no. I was thinking though, instead of like Van Halen Ain't Talking About Love, it's got to be something really sappy. Like the fight's going on like crazy. And they take the show off the air and all of a sudden you hear, and they called it Puffy Love. Something really bad. Really sappy and bad. Yeah, because the Van Halen thing, you might have heard it here. I think I have an example of a real bad sappy song. Okay. So you got your lighter. Okay, terrific. And you got your lighter ready for the song tonight, right? Yeah. You're going to be swaying back and forth. Okay, terrific. Yeah. As if I had the 14-year-old girl's beer at the concert tonight? Yeah. She fates those 14-year-olds. One beer in their trash. So bad! You're so bad! Virgin. Anthony, is anybody there? Hey, man, what's up? Shut up. What? Hey, just real quick. What I learned is that Paul and Billy lose all sense of reality when under severe peer pressure from their friends, their comedy friends, they did the dirty work for all their friends that were complaining. Yeah, that's kind of true. And none of those guys called in to stick up for them. You know what the funny thing is though? Paul was saying, you know, you don't know what it's like in the comedy community. That's bull. I know totally what it's like. And you know what it is? There's a bunch of backstabbing, jealous people in comedy. And they all talk about each other. They all talk about how this one stole from this one. And the comedy world continues to spin. If Billy and Paul wanted to get on here and stand by this comedy community, they had to know that no one was going to come and back them up. That's right. It's over, Johnny. No reality. Bye bye. No sense of reality. Right. That's the first time I heard the whole bit. I freaked. I couldn't believe. Didn't Uncle Milti yell at people that he was being yelled at years ago because he stole people's material? Uncle Milti, we're talking how many years ago was this? Before television. I don't even know who Uncle Milti is. See? Milton Burrow. Thank you, Matt. Milton Burrow. Thanks. He's the most relative in Cuba. Uncle Milti and his planes flying over as we speak. And with that, we've got to get the hell out of here, man. Yes. Yes. Stephen Lynch, thanks for stopping by. Thanks for having me, guys. Good luck with the new CD. Yeah. Give us all the info. Everyone patiently waiting for that thing to come out. Yes. I'll let you know. I just hope to leave here today without any bodily harm. I'll walk you guys. Yeah, please. Thanks. Yeah. Jeff Norris will walk us out. He's got karate tattoos. Yeah. It's true. When you make a commitment to tattoo karate stuff on your own, you better know how to kick ass. You know? Speaking of Jeff Norris, good luck with your ear. Thank you. It looks like it's much better today. Not as red, not as swollen, and strained. We're doing fine. Okay. And Big Kevin, who was in here for the fight Tuesday, has been pretty much hanging out ever since. Thank you. Do you have a home? I'm just kidding. He's running out of the studio. All right. He'll beat you up, man. Let's leave with a little J. Moore. A quick little bit, and we'll see you guys tomorrow. I believe Kevin Pollard coming in. Oh yeah? Oil Wrestling. He steals material from people. We might have to confront him. And I think J. Moore's stopping by too tomorrow. Yeah, really? You stole the concept of radio from Tesla. Are you speaking English? You stole that from Homer and Greene? Marconi did this years ago. If you were on the radio, you would know that. That doesn't hurt me. That doesn't hurt me. That doesn't hurt me. I love how insane that whole thing was. An argument about nothing. And we'll have more audio from that too. The stuff from outside was really good. We just couldn't get to it today. All right. All right. Walk and selling Skittles. Skittles are good for you. They come in great flavors. Lemon, lime, grape. Look, you should get Skittles. Because without watermelon, passion fruit, Skittles, there's many in a bag. You don't get just one. A rainbow of fruit flavor. A rainbow of fruit flavor. Forget it. Hey, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass. You're obviously a stud. B.O.B. and Anthony show. It makes me sick. 1027 W.N.E.W. Hey, Anthony, Rockaway Bedding. Oh, yeah. Rockaway Bedding. You need a bed? Rockaway Bedding. That's it. It's as far as you got to go. Got like 130 stores throughout New York and New Jersey. Brand name mattresses, Sealy, Cerda, Stearns and Foster, had prices up to 65% below department store regular prices. That's right. Rockaway Bedding, the only major area mattress store that offers you a free steel bed frame, free delivery, free complete removal of your old stained, disgusting, lumpy mattress that your neighbors won't have to see. You'll never see it again. The truck takes it away. Rockaway Bedding guarantees you a better night's sleep with your new mattress purchase. Rockaway Bedding's area stores are called 1-800-TRIABED. That's 1-800-TRIABED. It's not 2 a.m. in the morning and I'm not hammered. See, I can do this. Rockaway Bedding, the best and friendliest place to get your new brand name mattress with the best prices and free services. They don't pee on you. Give them a call right now. 1-800-TRIABED. That's 1-800-TRIABED. Rockaway Bedding, the official provider of mattresses for Anthony and Jay Moore. Why do these get a mattress? Why did Jay Moore get a mattress? We don't get mattresses. If you knew how to sleep, you'd get one. All right, it's Rockaway Bedding. We'll see you guys tomorrow. Thanks for listening.