 OP and Advocating 1027 WNEW Hi, what can I do for you? Okay, is this Mr. William F***? Yes. Great, okay. Basically, we're conducting a brief satisfaction survey for F*** Bank. To do that, please indicate your level of satisfaction on a 1 to 7 scale where 7 is the highest and 1 is the lowest rating. Um, 1. Did you visit a teller on your most recent visit? Uh, yes I did. I'd like you to rate your teller visit at the branch on three characteristics using a number from 1 to 7. Let's start with giving a personal touch to your transaction. Uh, that would be a 7. That was the problem. There was too much touching going on. Ah, I see. Okay, how about the length of time you waited? I didn't wait at all. I guess he liked me. Okay, 7 would be your highest level of satisfaction and 1 would be your least. Uh, well, the service was prompt, but I didn't appreciate him hitting on me in the bank vault. Ah, I see. I think I got a sexual harassment suit pending myself. Just so you know, there are comments later if you choose to add things. Oh, I got plenty of comments. Okay, okay, good. Yeah, he led me right into the big bank vault. Okay. How about your overall satisfaction with the teller service? I didn't think he was going to try to make a deposit on me. I'm sorry to hear that, sir. You're still reading from your script and I'm trying to tell you that a guy at that branch was hitting on me in the bank vault. I assume you want to add comments, those comments in later when I get to the comments section then? You don't find this shocking that he bent me over in the bank vault? Well, I do, but unfortunately I'm not allowed, I'm not supposed to offer any input one way or another. This thingy looked like a roll of quarters. I'm sorry, I'm sorry this happened, sir. At any rate, how would you like to rate your overall satisfaction with the teller service? It was good, but I just don't go that way. Okay, um... The withdrawal process was a bitch. Was a real problem, huh? Did you talk to a manager? You try pulling a roll of quarters out of your butt and see what you would think. Did you talk to a manager about it? Of course not, I was horrified. Okay, did you visit a sales or service representative or branch manager at that place? He said he would hurt my family if I told anyone. Uh-huh. He said it was going to be our little secret. Yeah, little secret. Now I got a big secret in the back of my pants. Uh-huh, okay, sir. Okay, did you visit a sales or service representative or branch manager? I had a freaking inches. Pardon me? Go ahead. Did you use an ATM at that branch in the last 30 to 45 days? Yeah, I had a PAM. Okay, rate your overall satisfaction with the ATM service on a scale from what? Oh, it was just dandy. Just dandy? Yes, you figure out the scale on just dandy. That I can't do. I needed input from you. I think I've heard enough about inputs. Okay, do you want to rate it on the 1 to 7 scale? It was about 8 inches. I told you that earlier. All things considered, thinking about your most recent visit to the branch, rate your overall satisfaction with the service received at the branch using a number from 1 to 7. Lady, it was a 1. He f***ed me in the b***s. There are many service issues beyond your last branch visit that affect your overall satisfaction. Are you listening to me? Do you understand what he did? I understand what you're telling me, sir. Have you ever been anally penetrating when you weren't expecting it? Quite frankly, I don't think you are using the proper venue to express your frustration. What do you want me to do? You called about service. I'm telling you what happened. Then, please comment. My butt wasn't a proper venue. Who are you kidding? If you have comments later, I'll be more than happy to... I need to comment now! Okay. I bent over and grabbed my ankles. He took this thing that looked like a roll of quarters, and he shoved it up my a**. The O.B. and Anthony Show. There is a good example of poor programs. 1027 WNAW. I want to welcome all our affiliates back to the O.B. and Anthony Show. Affiliates? Just practicing, Anthony. Yeah, for once. It's the O&A Show. It's the O&A Show. Our phone line is 212-757-1027. Write that down. Call us whenever you feel like it. We don't care. Just try to have something good for the radio show, right? Yes. Right? All right. Well, let's talk about Ileon Gonzalez. Ileon. The taking of Ileon. Do you know this is the second most talk about news story? I heard it's not number one now. I heard it passed Lady Di. No, Lady Di isn't number one. It passed Lady Di. It passed JFK Jr. It was the second and third respectively. It is now in second place. Wait, wait. All right. What is number one? What is number one? Something like 290 stories were dedicated to Lady Di. And I believe closer to 200 dedicated to... Oh, it's obvious. It just hit me. Okay, dedicated to JFK Jr. Ileon is now pushing 300. And then the number one has up in the 520 stories done on the subject. OJ. Yes. I forgot all about OJ. That was the killer story of all time. You're never topping the OJ thing. That had to be the greatest story ever. We're trying though. Up for the news. We're trying because this whole Ileon Gonzalez thing has all sorts of characters. You know how OJ had the Judgito and the Kato? Right, right. We've got the fisherman... Al Cowling. Yeah, Al Cowling. Now we've got the fisherman Donato and we've got the hot cousin. Yeah, I like the uncle guy in the closet. No, that's the fisherman. Yeah, the fisherman. That guy was great. That's Donato. That's the guy that pulled him out of the drink. Our commentary is going to be a lot different than any other station. Let me tell you something about Donato. He rescues the kid five and a half months ago. He wants to get into that cousin's pants. That's what he wants. That's where his interests lie more so than this little kid. He's been hanging out in that house ever since he scooped up this kid, not because he actually cares about the plight of the kid and the political ramifications. I know. He wants to get in that hot cousin's pants. In the cousin's pants. He's flying up to Washington with her, going wherever she goes. Yeah, they had pictures of them on the plane and getting off. This is great, man. Look at this. I'm just some dopey fisherman. I get hooked up with this and I'm going to try to score with this broad. Man, does she have hummer lips or what? Yeah. I want to see... Dan, what's going on? Yeah, I was just wondering too if anybody else wanted to bang that Mary Slater chick. Who doesn't want to bang her? I could see an insight up. Usually I could pop some pictures of her up. CNN is like a porno site now. Every picture is of her. Yeah. There's something about her. She's sitting there talking. First of all, she's good speaking Cuban, which is something to be said. She's going to Washington and she's all hot and stuff. She's all hot and stuff. She really is really hot. All right, Dan, thank you. Bye. I guess we've got to talk about Janet Reno. Sent in some INS guys. She is just not human, first of all. She's like out of control. You see her at the press conference. First of all, did anyone else notice that right side of her body shaking like a bad car on bed gas? As Jay Moore would say, a car on bed gas. Yeah, she's in bad shape. So where do we begin, Anthony? We've all seen the footage and the picture. Well, they asked for the kid, obviously, to be handed over. They didn't hand him over. They were making all kinds of plans how they were going to encircle the house to keep Elion with them. How lazy are these damn Cubans down there in Little Havana? Well, I guess the INS people knew that because they struck in the middle of the night and they're all asleep. They're either really lazy or really stupid because during the day there's what, a thousand supporters outside the house, right? Yeah, like they're just going to come barging in for the kid during the day. Yeah, like the INS is going to have a little lunch at McDonald's and at 12 noon come walking down the street and get the kid. They're not stupid, first of all. They have all these leaders and stuff. During the day they were making human chains around the whole house, Anthony. They'd have a code word and within two minutes they had a complete human chain around the entire house where it would be pretty tough to get through this damn chain. There could be some problems. So obviously they're not going to come during the day. They chose what, 5 a.m. or something ridiculous like that? 3 a.m.? 3 in the morning when everybody was asleep. When everyone was asleep and at home and there were like 50 people outside the house. How stupid are you? Of course they're going to come at night. They should have had some kind of plan where they had a bunch of people staying on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday night. That would take some form of recognition. Please don't get silly now. Because everyone was shocked. They wake up and like, what? They came and took the kid in the middle of the night? Yeah, of course. What did you think they were going to do? The picture I love. The guy with the gun with the grenade launcher on him. You see that thing? He's got like the M16 with the grenade launcher on the bottom. He's pointing it at the kid's face. And Janet Reno, that piece of crap, trying to say like, but if you look closely at the picture, you know, his finger is not on the trigger. You see a gun? You're going to freak out. I don't care that the finger wasn't on the trigger. It looked like some kind of bizarre scene out of Half-Life, out of one of my computer games or something. Do you think that the guy with the gun that was pointed at Elion and Donato goes home after like the seizure and hugs his kids and has a nice Easter dinner? Yeah, he must have. Is he able to sleep after that? Well, he didn't shoot him. He was just pointing the gun at the kid and the other guy. I'm absolutely amazed there were no shots fired in that house. I'm just so glad that AP photographer was in the house though because, I mean, this stuff happens all the time. We think this stuff only happens in other countries. No, it happens in the U.S. of A. And we finally have documentation. We're bastards too. You know, it was great in that picture though. The idea that the guy didn't smash the photographer in the face with the butt of the rifle. Yeah. I mean, you see a camera go off. Oh. Spin around and whack him in the face. And take the camera. Take the camera. No pictures. Clinton, back in, well, he's in New York today. He must be just so freaking pissed. What? That the picture got out. You don't let a picture like that get out. Whether you agree or disagree with what happened, you don't allow a picture like that. I don't care. I don't care. I'm out in a few months. I can't run again so I don't care. It's all in Gore's lap now. Screw him. I'm getting some gas. You don't let a picture like that get out. Huh. Don't care. Don't matter to me. What do I care for? Anyone else notice? I just want that hot cousin. Come on, baby. Where are you? I got Ileon here in my pants. Well, she wants to go, she wants a face-to-face meeting with Janarino and the President. How about a face-to-crotch meeting with the President? How about that one? Better put a few more pounds on before you go see the President. Walnussie going? Oh, that was the best sign. What the hell was it outside the house? Clinton loves our cigars but doesn't love our people. Something like that. Some of the signs were hilarious. Any OK terrific? No, I was looking for the OK terrific sign. That's why we have to be syndicated. So no matter where the news breaks, there will be a ridiculous wow sign or an OK terrific sign. There was an OK muy buen. Yeah. OK muy buen. And then the footage of them running out of the house. Did anyone else notice that Dyke lady, that they wanted a woman to carry Ileon out of the house? Yeah, yeah. Ileon picked the most butch-y woman they could, I guess. Or maybe that's the most womanly woman they have in the INS. Did anyone else see when she ran out the front door, she ran right into a bush? Was I the only one who picked up on that? She runs into a bush and they had to pull her out so she could continue running toward the suburban? That was my excuse. I just ran into that bush. And the best thing, Ileon just hysterical crying as they're dragging him out of the house. A few hours later, there's nice pictures of him smiling and having fun with his father. I think Clinton personally took those pictures. Smile you little pez. I think Clinton got to that Air Force base and had his little camera around and made sure that he got some good shots of the media as soon as possible. You're going to smile you little son of a bitch. Just hit him in the midsection with a phone book so the bruises don't show. Cry once on camera, I swear to God I will shoot you. Remember that big scary man with the gun and the helmet? He will shoot you when you sleep. He will smile and play with the toys that we give you with your father. What's your cousin's number? I want to know who's paying for this family to fly to Washington. Yesterday they're shopping all day. They're staying at hotel rooms. They've got the best lawyers. Now this is interesting. The father and Elion are now together. Where are they? Washington? The Air Force base. Any time frame on when they're going back to Cuba? Months. Months? Months. Why? I guess he just gets custody but they're still going to have some kind of a court battle over this. So they just took him so they could enforce this custody thing while the thing is pending. Okay, because I have a little scenario. I see what's going to happen here. I see why they wanted to get the kid with the father as quickly as possible. Now the father and son, very happy in the US of A, money pouring in. They're going to take care of them, best hotels. You think this guy is going to want to go back to Cuba? No, because politically, Clinton looks like a hero if the father stays in the country now with the kid. But you know what though? Did you see the conspiracy theories in the Post today? Oh no, what's that? The conspiracy theories are going crazy already. A lot of people are saying it today, that that baby that came over with the father and the new wife is a missing sister. It's not their baby and the real baby is back in Cuba and that's why the guy is definitely going back home. Oh that's it. So it's like a fake baby, the real baby is back in Cuba and he gets the real baby back when he goes back. I don't think Castro would have let him come here without having some kind of guarantee that he's coming back. There's some great conspiracy theories in the Post, but it seems to me like a lot of Cubans that are here really didn't give a flying F about any family back there because they stayed and their whole family didn't make it over. There's another conspiracy theory that if this doesn't work out, like Fidel Castro threatening Clinton to get the kid back, that Castro is just going to send a ton of RAF people to the United States. That's like his Navy, it's good refugees. It's funny because supposedly Castro has done this in the past. When he wants to get the United States back, he sends a lot of people to the United States. On inner tubes and fences. Not just a few, he sends hundreds upon hundreds. It's just a nightmare for our government. Yeah, they did that a few years back. Is this guy dropping dead anytime soon? He looked pretty good on TV the other day. He's so tired of this guy. He's the last real communist stronghold around here. He doesn't really have that much power anymore except in his own little island. We're just waiting for him to drop us. Casinos, come on. Then democracy is just going to run rampant in that damn island. Cuban people, you would have the casinos, the beachfront hotels, all kinds of revenue from tourism. That place would be unbelievable in a few years. Right. There's the picture on the computer. Just think what your dream would be like, Cuban people, if you hear me over there in Cuba right now from one of our affiliates. If all the hotels and casinos, think of your dream come true. Here would be you. Housekeeping! Housekeeping! When you check out. This could be you. Obviously a ton of people have comments about it on the phone lines. Don't get too serious because we have no desire to get too serious with this whole thing. Every other damn TV station and talk show is talking about the political crap. This is just going to end up one of those things where years from now they're going to say, whatever happened to Ileon? And you'll just see this big fat bloated Cuban guy. I was Ileon. Remember how cute I was? Here's the picture of me and my hot cousin. The cousin will be all fat and don't be mustache. Yes, I cared for him. All that night when they came to get him it was terrible. No one will care anymore. But now you know, it's a big story. Look at that shot of the cousin. Where? Let me see. A little halter top. Someone sent it on instant feedback. All right, hold the phone. Look at those lips. You gotta punch that one up. Whoever sent those on the instant feedback, you rule a whole bunch of pictures of the hot cousin. Did he send a link? Yeah. Aw, wait. Aw, I like the red top. No, no, keep going. Screw the first shot. Let's get through all the shots. Yeah. Oh, wow. I got that one. She needs a boob job though, I think. Why? What do they look like? They're nice, but you know. Oh, wow. She's making a dopey face there. Yeah, man. She's... The first one? The first one? The second to last was really good too. Very nice. Someone send that link to Steve. What do you think she needs to do? From the unofficial website. A boob job for size or for firmness? No, I don't know. Just to make the fantasy complete. Oh, wait. I'm getting a picture by the red car there? Yeah. Hey, that's a good one. Yeah, come on, baby. God damn. I will do anything in my power to get my schwing. I mean to get. And we'll go to the phones next. We'll spend one more break on Eliad and then we'll move on, okay? Right. A lot of people have comments. Phone line 2127571027. This is a favorite from the ONA archives. It's Anthony and his old band with Joe and Foot and Rex and Fred, I believe. Right? Yeah. You know the song, you love it. Here it is. We'll be back. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the And you're listening to the Where's the Are the nine And they are them And So And Now And you And you And you I'm just laughing along looking at the Elion Gonzalez picture of that Donato guy holding him with the same green shirt on. Yeah, the guy's been wearing that green shirt for two weeks. I must smell. And what were they hiding in the closet? Yeah. Because then the guy, oh my God, this guy is now famous. Like in a second you're famous. He's got his little helmet on, his little goggle, looks like he's going out to play paintball. He's pointing the gun right at him. And he looks like he's grabbing for Elion's throat. That's going to be one of those pictures that is going to be as famous as the Vietnamese kids running down the street naked. Naked? After the napalm attack? Yeah. Yeah, that one or the guy getting his brains blown out in Vietnam by the other guy? Right. Yeah. The Viet Cong guy? Yeah. Wasn't that a good one? People Magazine has an article about Vietnam. I'm not an article, a whole issue pretty much dedicated to going back to Vietnam. And they have a lot of those pictures that they took and then they have the update what they're doing now and stuff. Yeah, that guy that lives in the United States, the guy that shot him, he's like a cop or something. Right. The video's great though, he puts it to the head. The guy's just like, oh no. Some of the little kids that were running down the street naked, they still live on that exact street. Really? It's an interesting article issue I should say. But in about 10 years, People Magazine will do a where are they now with this picture that we all saw. Memorable photos from the thousands, from the OOs. From the OOs. Ilya, we should put a caption to this. A caption on the picture? Yeah. We should have a little caption contest. Taco Bell should use it. Drop the chalupa. Oh God. They probably could have just put any Cuban kid in the closet with that guy and hide Ilya under the bed and then just have the agents take the fake kid, the wrong kid. And by the time they realize their mistake, they could have Ilya somewhere else. They weren't really thinking. Not that organized. Not that organized. We went over that already today. If they were organized, they would have overthrown Castro instead of sailing over here on a piece of lumber. Well let's go to the phones. Everyone has comments today. Jamal, what's up? What's up guys? How are you? Alright, I was listening to the chick this morning and I'm listening to you guys now. Am I the only one who didn't notice these people are throwing lawn chairs at the cars and crap like that? Oh, when they got the kid out of the house? Yeah. Oh yeah. They're like throwing them at them. Oh, they're very passionate. Yeah, they're probably throwing garbanzo beans at them too. I don't understand the protesters outside the Lincoln Tunnel over the weekend. Oh my God. There's a ten year old kid out there laying on the ground. Yeah, laying in front of buses. If you're protesting something that's going on in Miami, why the hell are you blocking the Lincoln Tunnel? There's a great way to get support for your cause by effing up traffic for people. That just makes us more pissed off. Like I'm going to go, oh thank you for stopping traffic. Now I'm late for where I have to go. I'm really behind you now. But you know what? Yeah, I'm very sympathetic toward your cause. Thank you. Thank you for making me an hour and a half late for my Easter dinner. Thank you. Throwing out racial epithets at the people out of my window. Alright Jamal. Alright. Thank you. It doesn't really help when you take your protest somewhere far away. You want to protest? Get on a plane, fly down there and protest. Get your cute little sign and hang out with everyone else. I love people that protest. Like when something happens in Indonesia and you get the Indonesians over here protesting in New York. What the hell is that going to do? We're not doing it. We're not over there. It wasn't our deal. Where's Hillary? Why hasn't she made any comments yet? Oh, she's afraid to open her mouth. They haven't told her what to say yet. They haven't told her what her position is on it yet. You know, love them or hate them. At least the mayor just always speaks his mind immediately. What is he saying about this whole thing? He's pretty much outraged. I'm outraged. I'm not saying I agree with him but I appreciate the fact that he'll just at least give you a comment right away and speak his mind. He should be outraged at his wife, Giuliani. The vagina monologues. What's that? That play that she's in now? Yeah, she's doing the vagina monologues. The vagina monologues. Where women get up on the stage and talk about their vagina. This is the wife of a man that closed down an exhibit at a museum because he dubbed it a little pornographic or sexual or too touchy or disgrace. He puts his ideology on things but he can't even keep his old lady in check. You know she's doing it on purpose. You know she's caught. They cannot friggin' stand each other. You know he hasn't had a monologue with that vagina in quite a while, right? Absolutely not. Allegedly. Allegedly. From what I can see on the outside, basing my own judgment here on things I've seen in the past, I don't think they get along very well, Opie. I think he's sticking out this marriage thing. What makes you say that? I think it's a perfect relationship. You don't have to see the other person. I just don't think he wants the big divorce on his record though when he's running for future political aspirations that he has. So they just go their separate ways but they're technically still married. You think if she came to him, um, hon, I'm going to do a play. Oh that's great. That's great. Sweetie, very good that you're getting back into this whole thing. You got the channel five news thing that you do every morning so well. Dear, you look wonderful. On good day New York. So what's this play you're doing, dear? Oh, um, the vagina monologues. The vagina monologues. Well that sounds fascinating. What's it about? Vaginas. See, it's a bunch of ladies and we get on stage and talk about vaginas. Talk about vaginas. That's wonderful. Do you have my blood, dear? Feel free. Do that. I don't think it went that way. I think it's like, yeah, I'm going to do this and it's just going to dig into him. It's interesting, you know, who was putting on that play too. Oh yeah, a Hillary supporter. Yeah, the woman that wrote this play is the one that headed up her, uh, expeditionary, expeditionary commission, whatever it was, exploratory committee to see if she should run. To see what the polls were saying. It just totally goes against everything Rudy would like for his wife to be doing. He'd like the wife to be right by his side every time he gives a speech. And she's never there. Never. So now she's doing the vagina monologue. That's wonderful. We've been back in New York for two years now. I don't remember ever seeing them together. Yeah, but I'm just speaking for the last two years. I haven't seen one picture with them together. I'm going to be in a play on the penis story. It's going to be great. We all, a bunch of guys get together and talk about our swings. The vagina monologues. Hi, I'm Donahannover's vagina. Who is this Rudy guy? Don't think we've met. Dude, not to interrupt you, but people are starting to like, uh, you know, fax in their own captions for the picture. Good. They show Elion with a water pistol aimed at the stormtroopers head. Look at that. That's cool. That's classic. Yeah, feel free to superimpose anything else you might want to be. God damn, that's funny. One guy sent in a picture where... Elion resists. It says, one guy's got a little water pistol. Look at that. One guy sent in a picture where you're like the stormtrooper guy, Anthony. Oh, really? Your face is superimposed. And I'm Donahannover holding Elion. Yeah, that's even better than a caption. Just use some of your, uh, fuck a little computer software and do this picture. This one's funny. Yeah. Point it right at his head. It looks like he's smiling at him. The best doctoring of a photo I ever saw was Oswald being shot by Jack Ruby. And they superimposed instruments in everybody's hands. And it looks like they're a band. And Oswald is screaming because he got shot. It's like a punk band. He looks like he's... Yeah. And they have a microphone in his hand. It looks like he's screaming, doing like a punk scream or something. And the cop that's rushing to Ruby to get the gun, his hands are out. They put a keyboard under his hand, so it looks like he's playing keyboard. Another cop's got a guitar in his hand. And all their faces look like they're just rocking. It's the funniest friggin' thing. I need that on a shirt. I've seen those on shirts. Yeah. That picture on a shirt. Yeah, feel free to doctor up the Elion picture. I would love to see what some of these sick F's have in your head. Let's go to Roger. Roger, what's going on? Hey, guys, how's it going? What's up, man? I got a caption for Elion. Yeah. What's up? Jesus. What's up? Hiya. It's more like, K, what's up? Okay, guys, have a good day. Go Knicks, go. All right. Yeah, go Knicks, go. That's right. Let's go to Rich here. Rich, what's up? What's up, O.A.? How are you? I was scanning through the cable yesterday, and I saw the... Yeah. And she had this... She was doing the fakest cry you'll ever see in your life. And out of nowhere, she goes to a serious face, holding up the picture of the SWAT guy with the gun. Yeah. Superimposed like... It looked like a family portrait-type picture, and just kept throwing up, federal child abuse. Yeah, I know. We all see that. And she just crying in a serious face. She could have got an Academy Award for that. I couldn't concentrate on what she was saying, because I was looking at those hummer lips of her. Yeah, I like the fowl one. Yeah. Those are... Those are... Those lips just... These lips, huh? Just showed me a picture of Janet Reno. You ass. Oh, that's Janet Reno? I always thought it was Johnny Reno. Wow. That's a chick. I think if you do Janet Reno, you're officially gay. Yeah. I really think you're officially gay if you do that mess. She's looking hot, though. Oh, my God. They try to dolly her up, man. There's not enough spackle in the world. She's wearing lipstick. That's what I mean. They put lipstick on her. They dolly her up. What's that all about? They made her wash her hair before that press conference, finally. Yeah. She has the greasiest head of hair. Oh, my God. Yeesh. When was the last time anyone had a monologue with that vagina? A vagina monologue starring Janet Reno. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. In a stunning twist, Janet Reno is in a vagina monologue. Let's hear her vagina's monologue. Fascinating. Wait, I'm trying to get something for her. She's going to be so pissed. There it is. Hello? Janet, anyone home? Oh, my God. It's very dusty in here. Wow. This thing is sealed up tight, isn't it? What a cobweb. I've got to get through this. I didn't know getting through this. It's barren and dry. Boy, this thing is sealed up tight. I don't think that's going to work. Fire in the hole! I don't think anything's been in here for years. There's a vagina monologue. There's not enough KY in the world to get that going. All right. Well, Anthony, we're having a lot of fun today, aren't we? Oh, yeah. We're going to give Raph Boyd a Dr. Smith. Yes. Keep line one on hold. We'll go to him next. You should put Dr. Smith's face in that guy that's got the gun. Give me the boy! Give me the boy! Unhand him! Give him to me! This hand is little ass! Put the robot's head on the Stormtrooper. Oh, dear. And put Dr. Smith's head on Donato, and that would be a very funny picture. Get away from him, you Metallica station! Oh, more captions coming in for the picture, Anthony. Yeah? Paul E. from New York writes, give me the boy or I'll hit you with a yule log. I'll do a spacey put on that. Come on! All right, we have to take a break. We're going to try to replay the audio from Friday. A lot of people missed a great segment because it was Good Friday and a lot of people had off. We had a very, very hot lady in here. Jill was her name, and we poured hot wax all over her body. There's some great pictures on the unofficial Opium Anthony website, foundrymusic.com. And if you did hear the segment, it would be kind of cool to interact with the pictures while we replay it. Right. Right? Mm-hmm. Wouldn't be a bad idea. We're going to try to get that on soon, but there's still some great phone calls about the whole Elion Gonzalez thing, the Janarino thing. Elion. Uh, Giuliani. You want to play this real fast? How's your regain? All right, let's play the Rudy rap as we go to breaks. We'll be back. Let me taste it. Yeah, you taste that, biatch. Let me taste it. I'm a bad mother-fucker. Lord, let me taste it. Mm-hmm. The choice is easy. That's right. I'm Rudy G. I'm here to say. My hair looks like a roadkill toupee. I'm the number one man in NYC. So why are all the homeboys so pissed at me? I'm the R to the U to the D to the Y. A bad mother-fucker. Makes the food vendors cry. Mm-hmm. Get the cars off the streets, you goddamn immigrants. That's right. That's right. I'm a bad mother-fucker. Clothes at strip clubs and porno stores. I don't care. The cops bring my whores. Take on Al and Farrakhan. I'm plenty fucking tough for a skinny white man. So squeegee guy trying to turn a buck. Get yourself a job, you lazy fuck. Yeah, I'm the mayor man. I'm the mayor man. I'm number one. I got a frigid wife and a big fat son. Look at me know shit about Hillary. That fat ass bitch ain't no better than me. I can't bottle it with the homo-sense sick. All the motherfuckers can suck my dick. I'm Rudy G. Yeah, I'm Rudy G, motherfucker. The Lisbon mayor, Rudy G. Lord, come over to the motherfuckers in the halyards. Word. Dudes with dudes. I think every time we open our mouths, we're pissing someone off. Opie and Anthony. We're out of control. We're so lucky. All right, knock it off. 1027 WNEW. It's the O&H show. 212757 1027. Talking about Elion Gonzalez for a little while longer. And then we're gonna... Replay the hot wax chick from Friday. Hot wax chick from Friday. Amazing radio. We found a new concept. We invite girls to come down here and get naked. And we pour candle wax all over them. It's very hot. We're talking about Janarino too. Janarino. We were talking about imagine having sex with Janarino during the commercial. Yeah, that was a quick conversation. That was a very quick conversation. Okay, imagine it. There's an instant feedback came in. Some guy was watching the news. The assistant attorney general said that he had to hold a crying Janarino after she gave the word to grab Elion. Holding Janarino. Imagine that. The big, gorky, manly Janarino. You have to hold... I can't believe I had to give Elion. You're like running your hand through her greasy hair. There, there, Janarino. Oh my god, this is disgusting. You're holding... You're holding her hands and you're shaking along with her. That would be a hell of a hand job though. Imagine that's a surreal moment. Ah! Janic, could you just put that arm down my pants? I had to give the order. It's so tough being me. Having sex with her is like having sex with a jackhammer. It just jumped right aboard. Janit, I was thinking maybe if you and I got together we could have a... That's a good one too. There I am. Always late. You can play... Yeah, that's one sound you'll never hear on a radio. Dave on line two has a good idea. You can play orgasm or tremor with Janarino. Having sex with her and you have to try to figure out if that's an orgasm or a tremor. We've got to get Dave on the line. It's his joke. Dave, that's funny. I thought you were going to take my... I thought you were going to take my... I thought you were going to take my... Dave, that's funny. I thought you were going to take my light there. We try to give you guys credit as much as we can. I appreciate it. That's very funny. My other question please with this Elion thing. What was that putz wearing the freaking cookie cap for? Yeah, really. Because he doesn't want to be recognized because in his community he's the idiot. You know what I'm saying? And you know what INS stands for? For that dyke who took him out. That's a shower. She was a mess. What a butch. But listen, you guys rock. Let's go to Rob who had that Raph Boyd, Dr. Smith thing. Rob, what's up? What's up, brothers? I just think this could have been settled a long time ago if we gave the kid to Dr. Smith. I think we should throw him that way. Oh dear. I would take care of the young boy, wouldn't I? Yes, yes. Young hairless boy. As far as Janet Reno goes, you know, wow. Alright, Rob. Hey, Opie, thanks for showing the world you love rock and roll, man. Easy. Show the world you love rock and roll. Vinnie from the Bronx, I heard Janet Reno won't be able to hold Elion due to these shaken baby syndromes. A lot of people coming up with captions for that, the famous picture of the gunman and Elion in the hands of Donato, the fisherman. Yeah. Keep them coming in, you're making us laugh. Steve C. from foundrymusic.com. Ah, getting into the scene. F-O-U-N-D-R-Y music.com. That's the unofficial Opie and Anthony website. He's got the pictures of Elion's aunt up on the website so you could check out what we were checking out. Someone came up with all the pictures of her. That was very nice. I cropped out everything except her. Hopefully that will speed up viewing. Jerry thinks Reno is a great American. Jerry, what's up? I think she's alright. I think you guys are terrible for busting on her. She's a great American. Oh, come on, man. Now, Lily, we must get Elion Lily. Grandpa, Grandpa. I'm an independent filmmaker. I have plans when she leaves the office, making her an offer to do a porno with that guy that was flopping around during the Oscars. The Gimps. Yeah, I'm going to put them both together in a porno flick. God, I would rent that. I would rent that too. Okay then, do you guys want to be in it also? Do you guys want to finance my next play? It's going to be called the Penis Monologues. Okay, terrific. Thank you, Jerry. Jerry did just fine. Al, what's up? Hey, it's me, Anthony. You guys suck. How are you doing? I heard on the news that the FBI wanted to see if there were any guns in the Elion's house. So they positioned the satellite. They didn't do it for that. They did it so Clinton could get his rocks off watching the cousin take a shower. Put a camera in her shower. Movie first or a goody-dee first? I'm almost there. You're a bitch, you little whore. Yeah, I'm going to bang you. Ed, I'll get you a green card, you whore. Ed, what's up? I'm going to say that someone like Hannah Reno, a manly person like she is, with a big set of balls to do with what happened. She sure does have a set. She's the size of like Andre the Giant, it looks like. Well, you know, no one died in this one, so one for three. Not bad. They did the right thing. One for three. All right, Ed, thank you. All right. Let's go to Vinny. Oh, boy. Vinny. O.N.A. Vinny the Racist. How you doing, man? Yeah, I don't like the name racist, but anyway, fellas. When you call other shows, you're just Vinny, right? Yeah, I've got to say Vinny the Racist so they know who I am. Are they paying you at any W yet? I hear you on every other radio show. Stop cutting that out. You do not. But let's all say this though. You know, these Cubans are so courageous. They're forming a human change, they're laying in front of the Lincoln Tower. How come they weren't doing this over in Cuba? Now they've got all this courage. These people get me sick to my stomach. They're sickening. I'm tired of it. What you're saying is they should have shown some courage against their own government, against Castro. Well, they know they can come over here, Anthony, and do whatever the hell they want because they know they're not going to get shot. But they're so brave. But they didn't have any bravery when they're over there in that Cuba country. They come here, they're very brave. I give them a lot of credit. Well, you know, I actually have to agree with Vinny the Racist on this one. Thank you. Anthony, thank you. You know, we are worlds apart sometimes, Vinny the Racist. But on this one, I have to agree with you. Yeah, that's because you're Italian, brother, and you know what's going on. And I'm watching this broad, this Marcialis Gonzales whatever on TV. She's looking for the cameras. She wants to make sure before she cries that there's a camera on her. All these people are scum. And I'm just fed up with it. And I'm just so happy that this guy finally has got his son back. And that finally the United States had a little Guyanes to go in there and do the right thing. It took them long enough. All right, Vinny. All right, I'm sorry. All right, thank you. I love you guys. All right, Vinny. You love me. We like you. How's that? You love me. All right, I'll be. All right. Well, it's an open forum of ideas. They have been playing with the cameras for a very long time. It has been a three ring circus down there in Little Havana. Another caption for the Elion picture coming in. Hi, my name is Spaz. Can we be friends? Maybe go for a beer or something. Keep the captions coming in. I got one that just simply says, say hi to my little friend. All right. Let's go to Fred. Fred, you're next on WNEW. How are you? What's going on, guys? Did you see how when the woman came out with the Elion or whatever the hell his name is? And she ran into the bush. Next time you see the woman, not watch, she runs into the bush. It's funny. It's not really what happened. If you saw the woman from the crowd come in from the left, this INS agent takes her and slams her into the ground. Oh, yeah. They weren't fooling around. She went to hop, and then they pulled her out of the bush. Felt like I was watching cops. Oh, it was great. One-handed. Took him down. I was waiting for the drunk guy with the light beater. Also, Anthony, with all the PlayStation games you put, that wasn't a grenade launcher. No, I know. It was a flashlight. Yeah. You get more slides. They should have used the grenade launcher, but they should have blown the hole in the damn house. After reviewing the picture, I realized, yes, it was indeed a flashlight. Yeah. I don't mean to make you feel bad, but... That's okay. All right. Bye, man. Bye. Bye. Someone's saying they should have set the house on fire. Ah, like Waco. Yeah. That would have been a better ending for the story. How they spoke to a new movie a week about this. It's been named in Total Tragedy, a big cluster act. And this is all time. This is all time for trash. Right. Let's come back and replay Jill from Friday, the hot wax lady. Yeah. Okay, we're going to test it. We said we'd get it out of the fourth. Yeah, that was really good. So it was really, really good. And if you did see it, or were here at Friday, you can check out the pictures on foundrymusic.com and you could view the pictures as we replay the bit. Yeah. Either way, it'll be cool radio, okay? Yeah. Okay. All right. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. Let's go. Okay. RICKY What did he say? The Lakers? Is that your final answer? CLAY There's a lot of people think that we beat the Soviets for the gold medal, but that was not true. We had one more game after that and it was Finland, yes. RICKY Oh, that's all. Thanks a lot, guys. CLAY Alright, man. Now, take a position in the hot seat. Now, your people are probably very used to this being an interrogation, but it's a game show. Bless you Rick. Go home! I wanted blacks! And I got them! Rick, go home. Oh, Rick's sick again? Yeah. What do you got, FBA? Dude, you're sick all the time. Between him and his wife, they're sick like every other week! Rick, you're sick all the time. Go home! You're sick all the time! You're constantly congested. No, even before that. I remember him walking around with tissues shoved in his nose. And then he gets everyone else sick around here. Rick, go home, please. I'm serious. Aunt knows. You know that Opie's like one of those aliens from War of the Worlds. Once the ship cracks open and some virus gets in there, it's all over. Yeah, and I get sick forever. You breathe the wrong way and I get sick. Shut up. I haven't had swamp lip in a while, ass. Anthony, I can't believe you bring that up. Looks like taboo. You want to get hit? I'm going to get mad at you today. What? I'm going to piss off with you today. Wow, Anthony fights back. Ooh. You're going to punch him out. Tough fight there. You're going to punch him. See him try to chase you with that gimp leg? That's what I'm saying. Tough fight there. Don't mention my swamp lip. Oh, that thing is ugly. There are two things you don't mention on this show. You don't mention a couple things on this show. One, I'll speak for myself. Do not mention swamp lip. And me too. I will speak for myself. When I get the second nose growing on the side of my face, I would gladly appreciate it. Look at Anthony. I've seen that. Of course you did. How do you miss it? It's like a frigging lighthouse. Everyone sees it. You don't say anything. It's kind of like that scene in Wayne's World with Kevin Pollack, who was in here a couple weeks ago, with the eye. Yeah. You just make believe you don't see it. You look away. Or the other clip from Cheech and Chong with strawberry. He's got a birthmark on his face, man. Don't look at it. Hey, man. He's like, whoa, what's on your face, man? He just blinks it right out. Hey, what's on your face, man? And I don't acknowledge it when it happens. The swamp lip pops up and is the coolest guy around here. Everyone else, what the F? We all know. And me, of course, in my 30s, and I still got to worry about my teenage acne. For the love of Christ. When I hit my 20s, I thought, thank God. Finally, this will start going away. Yeah. It's worse. Dermatologist still. Hello. I need some depend undergarments, some spare colostomy bags, and some stridex pants. That's funny. For the love of God. Anthony, the way my guy said it. Oh, yeah, I've noticed that before. Yeah, no crap. Actually, usually on the left-hand side. Very good, Anthony. Why are you looking at his face so closely? Sometimes I go into the bathroom and blow my nose, and I grab the zit instead. Oh, that's not it. Oh, my God. You just, aw. Cyrano. Pinocchio. All right, listen. See, there's the Pinocchio on the nose. Then there's one on the chin, the Dudley Do-Right. I like to call that one. Makes the chin pick up. Then there's the jowl one, the Richard Nixon, which you get on the side. And then, yeah, right in the middle of the bar had the Cyclops. That's a good one. Then just an errant cheek one, which is the conjoined twin from South Park. You named your zits. That rock. Yeah. That rock's a swan, man. That's good. I just went to a new dermatologist, though. You have to be up with a pretty good description. Yeah. It's heroin. It doesn't help the, uh, it doesn't help, but it makes me really not care about it. It makes you feel better, though. Valium. I just sleep through the outbreak. That's pretty impressive, huh? That's pretty impressive out last week. I saw a guy on the elevator coming down from the skyboxes at the garden last night after the mid-game. On his nose was something almost the size of a golf ball. It was affecting his vision. And I'm like, whoa. The size of my car? No, I'm not. And everyone on the elevator, because you got to look. But you got to try to sneak peeks and stuff. Don't comment on it. Oh my god. I feel so bad for this guy. I've never seen one that big in my life. It was, dude, it was like half the size of a golf ball, like this, on the side. Oh my god. It's the worst. They blow it out. No, no. This is one of those, like, Soviet Union things. Like a big sister, Sandra. You know, like the Soviet Union ladies and stuff. They have all those moles and stuff on their face. You see them on the subway. You don't see American girls with that crap. It's only like the Romanians and the Soviets. What the hell is that? And the Czechs and stuff. They're on the subway. They speak some foreign language. And they have this crap all over their face. So, Shrump, look, we don't mention anything. I apologize. Anthony, you're too quick. He's like a grown-up. Jimmy, what's going on? What's going on, guys? How's your back, old? My back is still not 100%. What's your clean time? I'm up four days. All right. Keep coming back. It works if you work. All right. Thank you. All right. Have a good one. Maybe five. Five days without valium. Thank you. Five days valium free? All right. All right. You might have this thing, Kate. This problem, your drug problem. You asses. I had one half of a valium to help my back. All right, listen, let's, we've got to play Jill, because now they're going to just fry us up a steak here. Yeah. All right. Jill came in Friday. Hot. Very, very hot. A lot of people saw her, matter of fact. She was at our party before we went on vacation about a month and a half ago when we did that at the bar back. She was one of the, she was the Italian girl that got on stage and got pretty much completely naked for us just about. Yeah. That was a lumped her ass. Then she came in here on Friday and Aunt and I were able to pour hot wax all over her body. Yeah, we lit up some candles and just dripped hot wax on. There's great pictures of this on foundrymusic.com. Great, great pictures. And at one point, my candle is melted into a cup shape at the top and it was holding up like a little puddle of hot wax. And I gave it a sidearm like swat and it just went all up her side. She was like, wow. We have a new game too. We aim for the bullseye. Yeah, yeah. You got the balloon knot? No, she was completely on her back. And you know, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, you know, we were the Niffs. The Niffs. The old days, I would have said it. We were, we were dripping it onto the bullseye. Yeah. Anyway, it was, it was a great little piece of radio. Good, award winning. A lot of people missed it because it was Good Friday and you didn't work and stuff. So we want to replay it here. And if you did hear it on Friday, why don't you go to foundrymusic.com so you can check out the pictures that we replayed here, OK? We'll be back in just a minute to check this out. OPI and Pansy. Well, you guys are both stupid. You're like a black eye for all mankind. I don't think they're very nice people. The only way I could actually think they were funny was to be gone heroin. OPI and Pansy. You know, I just like want to throw up. Feel the love. 1027 WNEW. We are checking out the ONA show. On this gorgeous Monday afternoon. Yes. Finally a nice day. About time. What did it rain for like a week straight? Pretty nasty. Cold. Yes. Phone line 2127571027. It's like the music I would be listening to if I barged into a Cuban house to grab young Gileon. I got this on the headphone. Point my gun at people. Hit the floor. Hit the floor. This room's clear. Yeah. Get on the floor. Get on the floor. That would rock. We discussed the Gileon thing for a little while there. Yeah. We discussed Janet Reno's... Disgusted. ...package. Her stuff. Getting to the important issues on the OPI and Anthony show today. Can we see your stuff, Janet? Well, thank you. Janet? Can we see your stuff? No, no, no, no, no, thank you. She has junk, I'm sure. Shaking junk. Quivering junk. Like having sex with a jackhammer. All right, Anthony, let's move on with the radio show today. Yeah, well, I was thumbing through the latest National Enquirer. The one with the... Why would they put Mr. Freeze from the old Batman thing on the cover of the Enquirer? Anthony, that would be Mr. Hope. Oh, Bob Hope. Fooled me again. Fooled you once. Let me tell you though, they know how to sell rag magazines. After the Knick Game, I'm at Penn Station waiting for my train. I saw that cover, I had to pick it up. I had to check it out. Did they doctor up his eyes with some red? I don't know what the hell is going on with his eyes. Is that really him? Bob Hope, deathbed vigil. They say he's dying. They say he's been dying for ten years. What is he now, like 96? All my friends are dead. Where's Bing? Oh, dead? Yeah, where's Dean Martin? Oh, dead? Yeah. So now they're just waiting for him. But, screw him, next page is even better. They got... Remember Daisy Duke? Catherine Bonk? Yes. From the Dukes of Hazard TV show. Very hot with those little, little, little... Daisy Dukes! I know, Daisy Dukes. They actually call them Daisy Dukes because she would wear the little cut-offs where half her ass was hanging out on the Dukes of Hazard. They got some pictures of her in here. Oh my God! What, hot pictures? Oh yeah. What? Let me see. Well, let's just... Yeah, let's take a look. Ahhhhh! What happened? She was Daisy Duke. I used to love her, she jumped into General Lee. Now she's Daisy Puke. No, she had a little jeep, didn't she? She had like the Jeep Wrangler. Yes. She had to follow the Duke boys around in General Lee. And, oh my God, she has got the biggest gut. You know how big her boobs are? Yeah. Her gut is sticking out further than her boobs. Ah, Anthony, I believe that's called a bunt. A bunt. She now has a bunt. Now them Duke boys are wondering where did that bunt come from? Where did that bunt come from? General Lee jumping over her bunt. Trying to get away from it. She's the new boss hog. Yeah, man, time's a bitch, huh? Time is a bitch. She was like hot sex symbol of the early 80s. Late 70s, early 80s. A lot of people had her picture up in their little bedrooms growing up. Yeah, and then they had to put the contrast, the hot picture of her from the TV show. Got her arms folded, her holding her boobs up real nice. Look at her waist. It's tiny. And her belly. Teeny weeny belly there. All right, let's fast forward a few years. Oh, here we go. You sure she's not pregnant in that picture? No, it says. And they try to give her a compliment. Let's say Barbara Bach bearing her midriff these days, showing the effects of time and motherhood. Because she's had a kid and stuff, a couple of kids. So that's the effects of time and motherhood. She's now 47. But why is she wearing a little midriff top? Because she used to wear them when she was in, you know, on Dukes of Hazzard. Yeah, but do you think she knows? Do you think she still thinks she's Daisy Duke? Well, she's got to keep up the image, Anthony. Well, that ain't doing it. No, I know. And look, the side view, look at the big double chin. Time just blows. Time blows, man. Yeah, I still think she's hot. How about that brooch here? Oh yeah, there it is. You remember this. Just a good old boy Never mean it no more He told you never saw many trouble with the law Since the day they was born Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure. Terrific. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah, well, okay. Yeah, sure. Ah, there's our fantasy girl when we were growing up. Time. Daisy Puke. But Bob Hope on the cover, wow. Yeah, he's looking bad. And then in the same rag magazine, they have a picture of Harrison Ford. God, these guys just love screwing people over, the Inquirer. God bless him. If you screw up in Hollywood or something, you don't even have to be in Hollywood. They will catch you. Montell, they have a whole story in here about Montell's little, uh, chippy. And when his wife saw the pictures in the Inquirer of Montell and his chick, she threw all his clothes out on the front lawn, threw his stuff out. I personally didn't find that funny at all. But, um, at least Montell had a chance to get his clothes. They just happened to be on the front lawn. On the front lawn, right. Other people I know didn't have that chance. No. They were thrown in a dumpster. I saw some guy walking around Huntington, some homeless guy, with an FM Talk at 1027 shirt. And a wow cling on his shopping cart. But, uh, yeah, they nailed Harrison Ford this time. All smiles as he hits Miami's red-hot South Beach scene. Let me tell you, I was down there, uh, what, about a month ago? And, uh, yeah, South Beach, all stripped down there. Just chicks, scantily clad, walking around. They show him here in this car, in the back seat, the car is loaded with chicks. Loaded with, I mean, from a still picture, you can tell they're all drunk. You can tell he's very drunk. Yeah, he's just got this look on his face. This chick's passing around like makeup. They're all sloppy and stuff. They got like their whore makeup on. Which one's gonna go first? Yeah, which one's gonna go first? Uh, including four young beauties. And the car's wife, nowhere in sight. As revelers were a-snapped leaving the restaurant and heading off for a nearby club. So I'm sure you'll be reading in a future, uh, issues how Harrison Ford's stuff is laying up on the front lawn somewhere. But he's like, I don't know, I guess you'd think of him as Indiana Jones or something. But you know what he is? He's just a horny guy. He's a horny guy loose on South Beach. Having a good old time. Having a good old time. Look at him. He's pissed at us for making fun of the Dukes of Hazzard. Dennis! Hey, what's up? It's an open A. How are ya? How are you guys? Good. Take it fast, your phone sucks. I know, I'm on the top of the bridge. Alright, guys. Congrats. I still watch the Dukes of Hazzard every day. It's on twice a day. How can you guys bust on them? How can we bust on them? You gotta see the picture of Daisy Duke in the latest National Enquirer. She doesn't look as good as she used to, but... She's twice the woman she used to be. Did I say Barbara Bach? I'm getting reports. It's Katherine Bach. Katherine Bach, yeah. Shut up, instant feedback people. Shut up! They pick up on everything, eh? Alright, Dennis, thank you. Take it easy, boys. Alright. You have proven NEW is the world's largest music library. Where the hell did you find the Duke steam? It's in here. Twofer will play Bewitched next. Ha ha. Yeah, you gotta watch what you're doing, man. I hate that. That lip-smacking thing is disgusting, right? You hear it on the radio. But some good news, Opie. Yeah? In the Enquirer also. Okay. Ugh. Come on, Scotzo. Ha ha. Ugh. Um, Scotty from Star Trek? Remember him? Of course. Remember Scotty? What's his name? James Doohan? He's gotta be pushing 80 at this point. He is 80 years old. 80? Wow. Him and his lovely wife, Wendy? How old is she, like, 40? 43. I suck. Like I said, my wife's not born yet. You could honestly say that and be right according to his math, I think. That's right. So, um, the proud papa, James Doohan, their parents, 80 years old, this guy is a brand new daddy. It's a little selfish. I just think it's selfish. What's gonna happen now? He's gonna die. Right. The kid's gonna... I mean, if he does live... Okay, figure. He's... the kid's 13 years old. Scotty would be 93 when he starts having to maybe go to the schools for the father-son breakfast. And you're taking a 93-year-old man? Sure. When all your friends' parents are like in their 20s and 30s or something? Or in their 30s, yeah. Oh my God. I'm sorry, yeah. Why, what's... Oh, you got a caption for the picture? Yeah, you know the famous picture of the Elion Gonzalez' seas? Yeah. Everyone's coming up with captions or like putting the picture in Photoshop and making their own pictures. The latest one I got in my hand is Janet Reno as the storm trooper with the gun. And Donato the fisherman? Yeah. Holding spas. Hey, that's pretty good. That is funny. That is good. I just think it's a little selfish. You know how cruel kids are. Remember the father-son things you would go to or when your mother had to show up at a PTA thing? Oh, like the pancake breakfast or yeah, a little PTA action, sure. Remember how... PTA conference? Yeah. Remember how kind the children were when one of your friends' parents were maybe fat or old or stunk? Or had lupus? Or had lupus. Or a wooden leg or something or a mustache? I remember one kid, his mother came in, a beard and mustache. Goatee! Goatee? Yeah. And the kids look at her and go, now don't be cruel because I'm sure she's a nice woman. She just has some facial hair. It doesn't mean... Oh yeah. Hey, look at your mom. Your mom's got a beard. How big's your stuff? Kids are cruel. So if he's alive at 93, could you see him wheeling in to the poor kid's school? He'd be wheeling in like the grandfather from South Park. Somebody kill me! And it won't even matter at that point that he was Scotty on Star Trek. No. He'll just be the old guy. He's not going to make it to 93. I remember how bad it felt for kids when the parents would show up. Especially like, the moms are one thing because it's very rare that someone has an attractive mom. And when the attractive mom would come in... I remember all the attractive moms. Yeah, but you remembered them, but most of them weren't. Those kids became my best friends so I could go over to their house and check out the mom. Those are the ones you remember. But then the dad thing was totally different. Like, if the dad showed up and he was the little wormy, weasely guy, you're just like, oh, that's the guy's dad? You know, that's pathetic. What's your dad do? Oh, gee, your dad is like a data entry guy at the accounting firm. Well, yeah. You know? What's wrong with that? It just sucked as a kid. You didn't want that. See, JD from Hyde Park is writing the obvious that we chose to pass on, but we might as well say, Scotty's wife can change the baby and Scotty at the same time. Whack, whack. That old gag. Or the guy's dad. Because kids don't... Remember you wanted some cool thing? You know, my dad, for instance, was a private investigator. Which was cool. Your dad gave you cool stuff in general. He gave you whores when you were like 12, 13. Guns. Guns, horses, whiskey and chicks. Yeah, Anthony's dad gave him guns, whiskey and whores when he was 12 and 13. And horses. And horses. Yeah, it was great. Rifles. Anthony could have had the coolest dad in the world. That rocks. Yeah. It was pretty cool. Once he left New York and went to California. Wasn't too cool living under the same roof with my mom and him. No. Oh, jeez, here comes the big bowl of pasta headed toward the wall again. Oh, jeezus. It's going to be a real Donnybrook tonight. I'll just go with Joe and Dawn and Cower in the bedroom until it's over. This won't affect me in the future. Don't worry, you two just yell at each other. Once you get your little red wagon. That movie was on TV. What the hell? Radio Flyer. The King's coming. Remember that one? Let's escape with our radio flyer and make believe it flies in the sky. That'll make me forget about the beatings I'm getting every night. No, they never tooled on us or anything. They just couldn't stand each other. My parents, oh, they were just yelling like all the time. And don't worry about the... I learned my curses very young. You mother effer. Because my dad, he really didn't want to be married. You know? He had kids and stuff. Like father, like son. Well, I don't have kids. I'm not ready to move out to California. Not yet. So once he moved out to California, he got his own life and stuff. And I went out there. Oh, he hooked me up. Was he your dad at that point or was he just your bud? Nah, he was like dad. You know? Because I was still pretty young. I was like 12, 13, 14, 15. I don't know how many dads out there that bring you like a whore for your 13th birthday. Well, when you're 13 and stuff, you know, it's time to make the big jump into manhood. Anthony at 17. What's the name of that show? James. James at 15. James at 15, then James at 16, and then James at 17. James at 17 when he finally got laid. It was showing off the air. Anthony at 14 with a hot looking blonde model. Well, no, it wasn't no hot looking blonde model, believe me. No, her name was Buzz. Buzz. Buzz. Anthony's first lady was named Buzz. Her name was Buzz. Buzz to infinity. She always had a Buzz on. She was always tanked. It was great that I went out there, bought me a nice horse. Big black horse and guns. It was my 12th birthday. I got a nice Ruger Super Single 6 six shooter. I got a strap tied down to my leg. He brought me the holster that ties right above the knee. I went riding, shooting everything that moved. I didn't care. I got a shiny bike. I think it was my first 10 speed. You got a six shooter. I got a 10 speed. Then he got a dune buggy. I didn't even have a license, but he's like, yeah, okay, go run the dune buggy. Have a crap some beer. Really? Yeah. I jumped in. It was great. It was like camp. That is awesome. Then I came back here and it was like, uh-oh, reality. I better go to school and do something with my life. That lasted for a week. You got some great stories, man. I've had fun. Great stories. My favorite, I know you've told it a million times, is the Uncle Pot story. Either that or Joe's Pot story, your brother. That was back here in New York. Actually, I don't think you've told that one in a long time. I was living over in Huntington. We had just seen something in school. I was still in Cuba Hill Elementary School. We'd seen something on drugs. Marijuana. They showed us the leaves and everything. Very dangerous drugs. Stay away. So I went into the woods because there's woods right near the house and that's where we used to hang out. I came across marijuana. I saw it and I went, I've just seen this. It's marijuana. The plants were like two feet tall. They weren't even mature yet. They were in this ditch. Was there a lot of them? Yeah, there were about 20. 20 plants in a ditch. In a big, long trough ditch covered with glass. So I guess the heat from the sun. In the middle of the woods, like where the guy must have planted and just got missed the perfect spot, no one will ever find it. I could bury a body. Make his own little greenhouse in the middle of the woods. Yeah. So I found it. I was like, marijuana. Well, I must harvest this up and show my mom that I know what pot looks like and I'm doing my part against drugs. So I ripped the glass off and I rip up 20 plants and bring them back to the house. Mom, look, marijuana. She's like, oh, well, that's good. You found that. Meanwhile, she's like, probably like, oh, jeez, pull off a few leaves. You can smoke that. Their plants weren't even mature yet. So she goes, well, just take it out back and step on it on the cement. It's like, okay. So I take it all back. I'm very proud doing my part, Opie. And I started smashing them. I look up at the house. My brother is in the living room window looking out of the curtains. And I swear when the sunlight hit him perfectly, I saw a glimmer of a tear run down his cheek. Like the old Indian from the... Yeah, like the littering Indian commercial. Yeah. He was just devastated. It turns out the weed belonged to the guy that lived next door, him and his biker friends. Oh, yeah. So Joe knew, you know, it was probably not too cool if anyone found out it was me. So he ran right outside and scooped up any evidence that was left. Waited for my mom to leave, put it on some tin foil and shoved it in the oven to quick dry it. And smoked till he got the worst headache of his life. And they blamed it on some guy that lived down the street. And beat the living crap out of this guy. Oh, not cool. This guy, innocent guy, got bludgeoned because I was doing my part against marijuana. See? When you try to help, that's when the people got hurt. And I tried to do my part. And then later on in life I spent many, many nights on that next door house, a smoking pot. He went on to the dark side. And hash oil. Yeah, smoking that under a glass, I assume. A little pin, right? Yes. Oh, yeah. The good old days. Someone says I sound like a psychopath because guns at a young age, violent video games. That's what keeps me level headed. I was the Wrangler, LP. I know you were. Let's take a break, Anthony. We'll be back. You guys have deteriorated beyond belief right now. The OVN Champs of the Show. Thank you. 1027 WNEW. Hey, New York. This is Vince McMahon of the WWF and you're listening to the greatest tag team in radio. Opie and Anthony on 1027 WNEW. Ah, thank you, thank you. Vince McMahon. I love turning my children out like whores. Dress Stephanie up like a young slutbag. Come on, Triple H, bang her in the behind. Of course, Raw is war tonight. The storyline's getting very interesting. Stone Cold is going to be performing at the next pay-per-view. Big article in the paper about wrestling too today. They're trying to get the drug testing going on once again in the wrestling world, Anthony. There's a bunch of lawmakers trying to push a controversial legislation that would further regulate wrestling in New York. They want the wrestlers to take mandatory drug tests because they are role models, Anthony. What? Is that the reasoning? Yeah, the performers are role models and shouldn't be involved with banned substances. Do you care if the wrestler is pumping up on juice as long as they look like they're kicking ass out there? I could care less. Vince McMahon did something brilliantly a few years back, Anthony. There was a lot of problems with drugs in wrestling. Yeah. And there were some states banning his wrestling. Because it was classified as a sporting event and athletes would have to be drug tested. And Vince McMahon refused to have his wrestlers drug tested. But he still wanted to have his shows in these cities. And we're not claiming that there's drugs being abused in the WWF. But what Vince did was turn around and tell everyone that wrestling's fake. It's all fake. And it's entertainment. And with that said, now you can't test the guys because they're not athletes. Doesn't matter. Right. It's like testing a band. Would you drug test a band that's going to be playing at the Garden? No. Imagine that. Hey, look at that. That show would suck. Let's test Ozzy. That would be off the charts. So Vince, in the paper, said pretty much the same thing you just said. That means you should go and test all the Broadway performers or everyone that's performing in a circus. Hey! Hey! Or everyone that's performing in a circus. Because it's the same thing basically. All entertainers. Like I said, I don't care. I don't care if they end up like Lyle Alcedo with a big monkey growing in their head. Remember Paul Lyle Alcedo? That's about all about him. Big, hulking football player. He was on the Roids. He retires after numerous bones just kept cracking as he's trying to do strenuous activity like get out of bed. And then he got that big brain tumor that took him out in like a week. Huge tumor. Boom. Gone. What's the price you pay? You want to burn the candle at both ends with your body. Well, I think the people that are taking the Roids understand the risks that are involved. Sure. You're going to pump up. It's none of our business. Really is it? No! I don't care. Like I said, as long as it's entertaining to me. They're not doing it in front of the kids? Yeah. If they're doing it at all? Yeah. A role model. Do they juice up in the ring? I don't think so. What they do behind closed doors is their own business. I don't know. As long as they're not hurting each other or others. Role model? Role model or not. These athletes should be able to do whatever kind of drugs they want. Talking about wrestling. Not a band. You never hear those breaks over there. No. And I guess we're still allowed to make fun of Mike and the Mad Dog because they have a sense of humor. Can't talk about the roller derby. They have a sense of humor. What? Not if you ask Mike. Some people in the company don't have a sense of humor and don't want to be made fun of. That's all I'm trying to say. I know. Some people like Mike and the Mad Dog. They're cool. They never cry to anyone about making fun of them. I'm cool too. What? Nothing. No? No comment. Maybe I just don't know what you're talking about me. Baby! Someone's got to punch him in the side of the head in the morning, man. He doesn't look awake in the morning. 541. Oh, I said that. Yeah, you did. Where's Billy Saul Hargis again? I rerun one of those from 1978 or something. MBC. Do you want to order a thousand hamburgers? A thousand hamburgers, Ben. No, that was funny. What? How'd it go? I forgot. I got that CD, so... That's like the worst prank call I've ever heard. How's my big fag cowboy hat today? I don't think I got that CD with us today. If you find it, that'll be a great find. Is it looking good, my big fag cowboy hat? Baby! And my bandana I wear around my neck. I'm like a big fag cowboy, baby! Hides the chicken skin on my neck. Now shut up, McCord jerk. You see that Janet Reno? That whole damn Ilium Gonzalez thing? Yeah, everyone's talking about that. Baby! You must have some great... They're all just stupid. I mean, the barge in with the guns. The guns, right. You know, my brother Salsa. Yeah. Baby, Salsa! On WMBC. Wait, where am I? The fag, I believe. The fag? The fag. The fag. Yeah. Imus in the morning program. Is that all you have on me? Ilium Gonzalez? He's the father. He's the father. And? And? And? And? And? I think he's a kid-toucher. Baby! Millisol Hargis. Now watch out, he's gonna get you. Now watch out, Ilium. Moby Worm coming to get you. I see him right now. He's coming down to Miami. We got him on our radar right now, and I'm seeing Moby Worm, baby. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I don't care if it rains or freezes as long as I got my plastic Jesus riding on the dashboard of my car. 5.43 in the afternoon. Why am I on? Oh, very nice. What about the Ilium's... Ilium's... That cousin? The cousin, the hot cousin? Yeah. Yeah, baby. And? Oh, shut up, Bernard. What a slut. Not her, Bernard. You think she takes it in the blue nut? I'd like to think that. I just hope she's shaved so it's as bald as Bernard's head. Oh, shut up, Bernard. You took my cord. Am I shift done yet? No, not yet. I see the CNBC cameras on me right now. I'm trying to look my best. So I take a thread and sew the back of my neck together to try to pull the skin off. It ain't working, baby. I got Moby Worm under my chin. Where's that cousin? Sit on my face and practice Spanish. Baby, Moby Worm, in my pants. Where's my young wife? What about that Fidel... Castro? Who? Fidel Castro. Yeah, what's up with him? With that beard? What about it? It looks stupid. What a jerk. Is it 5.46 yet? No, not yet. Time check. Alright, 5.45 in 38 seconds. Need material, baby. In the news? Yeah. Nick's had a great win last night. Yesterday afternoon, whatever. Rudy's wife is doing the vagina monologue. Vagina monologue, baby. With Rudy in the Senate race. Fighting for that minute. Vagina Chronicles monologue, baby. Yeah, the monologues. Vagina monologues. You got that Hargis bit cued up? No, not yet. Yeah. Yeah. I got my fag cowboy hat on. Did I mention that? Yeah, you did. Hey, that Janet Reno's a man. Hey, look, I got out a full idea. What's up with that? Oh, shut up, McCord. Reno's face looks like Bernard's ass. Take another idea, baby. Look at that, a complete sentence. Still 5.45. Shut up. See, kids, that was a parody. That was a parody. Doesn't mean we hate the company or that station. Or hate the man himself. Goddamn you boys, you ain't got nothing. If you want to be syndicated like Mr. Imus, you can't be talking like Mr. Imus. See, Mr. Imus uses character. Baby, mobile work. Coming right down 57th over to 7th. Gonna grab up Obi and Antony. Mobile work coming to get you, baby. It's a fat Nard looks over there covering up his bald head. Shut up. Shut up, Bernard. Jerk. Where's the CMBC camera? Right there. Oh, thank you. Can maybe Spielberg do some tricks and make me look good? Goddamn, I look like I'm melting. 5.40. Mike, what's up? Hey, what's up? How are you? Good. Looks like you guys got another month headed on to your syndication. Can't count another month. I don't know when the hurt is gonna be, but it is another month. You boys will never learn. Another click and another check in the stupid column. Stupid! You're so stupid! We assume we can make fun of the people that have a sense of humor, right? A what? A sense of humor, sir. I'll look that up. Maybe. Thousand Hamburgers. Moby Worm. Reverend Billy Saul Hargis. On 5.40. Did I mention my brother's salsa? Yes, you pretty much mentioned everything today. I'm thinking of a marmite cowboy hat. Where you dip chips that are shaped like my big fag bandana. In the big fag cowboy hat. And pull out my brother's salsa baby. I'm gonna move to the ranch out there or no. Where the hell is he? Arizona, New Mexico? Oh, shut up. We are being dumped out of? Left and right. We are? We're off the area? You can't mention that? Where's the Van Halen song? Aw, come on. You can't talk about Mr. I'm a... Oh, that should be allowed. It's fun. Wow, what are they dumped out of? Aw, that's... You can't say I'm a... I miss my train. Yeah, we'll just keep going. The lay will run out. I'm a son of a... Morning, morning, morning. Oh, boy. Oh, well. Can't do anything anymore. Just trying to have fun. Wow, they're really dumping out like crazy? That's what everyone's saying. I thought we were able to talk about that. When you say the time they are dumping out... I'm a son of a... in the morning program. I'm a son of a... in the morning program. I'm a son of a... in the morning program. I'm waiting for the Van Halen to kick in. I'm a son of a... in the morning program. I'm a son of a... in the morning... Opie and Anthony. Fun to let you go. You guys are really funny and stuff, but you guys take it too far... to the point where I literally get nauseous and sick listening to your radio show. Don't take a mitle. Alright. Alright, yeah. What? What? I thought we were all just having fun, right? What happened? Alright, we will let you know what we just had to listen to for the last ten minutes, okay? This is a reenactment. Now I thought we were clear on what we weren't going to be doing on this program. How much more clear do we have to be? You boys can't be doing that. I've said it a thousand times, look, we think you're very talented. You're going to go far in this company. You're doing very well for the station and for the company. But that damn we will throw you out of the president's crap till you're a goose. And you don't knock this off. Why are you do stupid? You are stupid. Stupid. We make policy for reasons around here. Not to be broken by the likes of you so we can play Van Halen more than Q104. Well, I've got to explain to everyone, when they run out of dump time, when we're being bad, they turn off the station and they go to the ain't talking about love song. How the hell do you run out of dump time when you're on a dump as long as you? Unless you're blatantly breaking station policy. Allow me to reiterate, Tom Kent Stevens, effective immediately on making station policy. No one discusses any other Infinity Station or our personality in any way. Not even as a comedy little bit that you do on your program. If you have a problem, see me, Ken Stevens. Not me, because I'm another guy down in Washington. I just punch up on the telephone every time and get nauseated. With your blatant disrespect of station policy. Holy Jesus, Palomino. I go down the hall and I'm like, what's the problem? I just get a memo in my face. Not a word, just a memo. Comes flying at me. I don't get it. Don't forget the sexual harassment video. I heard you watched the sexual harassment video that our company put together. At great cost and effort. To teach everyone who works for this company about sexual harassment. And how to avoid it in the workplace. And I hear you boys laughing at it. Laugh, laugh, laugh your ass off. You've been laughing out the door. All the way to the unemployment line. God damn it. We had station employees acting the roles. And you were making fun of bad acting? Did you happen to see who was playing the guy behind the computer whacking it to the porno? That was me! I thought I did an Emmy award winning appearance. You must break every rule. And make fun of the goddamn sexual harassment video. Didn't you see when I pulled that girl's head into my lap? That was sexual harassment. I was doing that purely for the video tape. To teach you. And you mocked it. Now look. You boys are very talented. We like you. We wouldn't have taken you aboard this company. If we didn't think you could go very far. But you gotta toe the line! You boys don't understand the rules! We would throw you out! Wait, my other phone's ringing. Hold on. Hello? No, I don't know what the hell I do here. Okay. Hello boys! Fly straight! I don't understand you boys. Straight in the air and you'll go far! You've been with this company a long time. Like Dan Raddick. If I hear you ain't talking about love one more time. I swear to God you're out the door. Okay. Alright boys. I don't get it. I didn't say anything. Are you nuts? I didn't say anything. It's just my deep voice guy. It's the Ivan in the Afternoon program. No, no, no. What? What? You ever heard Ivan in the Afternoons? No, I haven't. It's a funny show. I haven't heard Ivan in... Yeah, he's got a brother Phil in Montana. He makes dip. He wears a derby. And a bolo tie. I've heard of Spike and the Angry Wolf. They do a good afternoon drive show. What we have here is a fester to communicate. I'd like to hear that from the guy. What we've got here is failure to communicate. Now you boys are on a long career with our organization. Look how long Danny Rather's been with us. Look how long he's been on there. He's been dead ten years. He's still welcome in the company. But we like him. He doesn't make fun of anybody else. And we want you boys to die here too. Sooner than later for the love of God. I should have known when we hired him after I killed the mayor of Boston. They flew down to Washington and met me. I thought everything was cool. They pulled a wool over my eyes and bamboozled me like Satan. You can't make a deal with the devil. You never win. It sounds good. You think you have all your bases covered. But before you know it you got a pitchfork in your ass. That was two years ago. Yeah it was. A little plane shift to Washington. Hey you boys look okay. Go back to New York. Good luck. God damn I could bite my tongue off for saying that. Two years ago we had a flight out of Washington to meet the guy behind the voice. Yeah. And he wanted to just make sure we didn't have horns in our head and then he sent us on our way. Remember that day? Yes sir. We do regret what we did in Boston. It was a simple little joke gone awry. We will never do anything like that again. It totally got out of hand. We blame it mostly on management who didn't intervene at an earlier date and could have maybe saved the whole thing. We are but entertainers who would love to entertain for your company sir. I hope you look okay. Go to NW and have fun. Fast forward one month. God damn boys! You're talking to a heart attack! That was the best though. Before NW was allowed to hire us we had to fly down to meet the guy behind the voice. We flew from Boston to Washington. We took a 45 minute cab ride to his office. We met with him for a total of five minutes. Five minutes. We didn't have horns in our head. We were dressed in suits. I assumed I would be in Washington for the night and have dinner and drinks and stuff. We were in his office for five to seven minutes. He goes, Wait, I'm fine for your cab. He goes, okay, I'm satisfied. I'll let them hire you. He goes, can I call you a cab? Yeah. Then we had to take the 45 minute cab right back to the airport. Then we were in Boston for dinner. It was the most bizarre day of my life. I should have killed you when I had the chance. You were right in front of me. Right in front of me. Bees will bug right there, right in front of my eyes and I didn't see it. Can't enable. I should have killed you both. This is coming in. Anthony, you have bigger balls than Jenner. Oh, please. Well, all right. You gotta be good, Opie. I was good. For the first time, I was good. Hey, isn't you just doing this break in the middle? You're doing this impression, goddamn it. Is it really? Technically. Station discuss any other, man. Well, no, no, no. Station on your personality. Ha ha, your free game. Joe, what's going on? Hey, Joe. Hey, I read a rumor that they're going to hold back syndication in now 17 years. I read it on the New York Radio message board. Are we going to devour that now? We had syndication right in our arms and it was ripped away by an armed guy in a helmet. Who is it, Earl? Don't forget, Pizano's lunch specials. Thank you, Joe. I'm Joe Soprano. I'm sure Joey appreciates it. All right, man. I'm Boris Steepe. Let's go to John. I love the pasta. Hey, John, what's up? Hey, how you doing, guys? Pretty well. That's good. You guys got to stop making fun of your boss because you're going to get kicked off for that now. I don't think he listens. What? What? What? Welcome back, Connor. What? What happened? All right, John, thank you. I'm a sec. We don't know what he's saying. Frank, what's up? What's up, guys? Anthony, you got to stop. We love you. You get me through the afternoon. You know, I was walking around with my transistor radio in my head around the office because I didn't want to miss a second of this. It was so funny. But when you start doing the Danny Youmas shoe show in the morning, they're going to fire your ass, man. You're gone. It's going to be the Rick and Opie show. That won't happen. One goes, the other goes. I swear to God. If you can't take a chance, we'll get another freak. That's the truth. Thank you, Frank. All right, guys, bye. Just trying to do good radio here. Let's go to Don on line 10. Don? Yeah, how you doing, boys? I just want you boys to know that it's okay for you to... Knock it off! Knock it off! I don't know who that guy was trying to... ...imitate. James, what's up? All right. Okay. I'm talking to the new guy! That imduke boy was in a heap load of trouble. I'm going to put your ass in the General Lee and send you over to him! Doug, what's up? Hey, what's going on? I'm just seeing where you guys did. I came out of the store, I heard the radio, and I heard him talk about, well, what are you guys up to now? We ran out of delay. Let's just put it that way. They turn the key when they run out of delay, and then they put music on, and it happened once again. Jesus, you're the only way I can compare you to... You're the two kids in the back of the classroom that just makes fucking everyone. It's the only way I can compare you. I just wish we knew when to stop. We're like the Crack Man. We're trying to stop, but... I have to slow down. We're always jonesing. You can't get off the grind point. We're trying to cut back, we're trying to stop, but man, it's right in front of us. I don't like your say-now-pay-later policy. The first step is admitting it. Alright, Doug, thank you. Alright, let's go to Steve real fast. Steve, what's up? Anthony, you better start booking some more band-aids. You might need it. You get the best when you go over the line. You're only making money. Yeah, for some reason that doesn't matter. Hey, Opie, you better take up an instrument. Take care. Oh well, I guess that bit's done. Steve, what's going on? Steve? I just called before because I wanted to make sure you weren't playing some more archive stuff and you were still there and your ass is wearing out on the street. No, I think that was okay, right? Oh, yeah, I think so. I think that was okay, right? Listen, I think that stuff is like the funniest stuff there is that you guys do. Ron Ivan, Ivan in the Evening Program. In the old days, you used to be able to make fun of everyone, but now that only two people own every station in New York, it makes it very tough. It's unbelievable. Corporate America's taking over and it's just so PC now. You can't make fun of anybody. Trust me, we would love to make fun of like Scott and Todd but there's nothing there. There's nothing funny there to make fun of. Rocky Allen, he got fired today. Well, we can make fun of that a little bit. Rocky Allen Program. Who are we going to make fun of? There's nothing out there. We own the... This company owns the guys you want to make fun of because they've got the personalities that are, you know... Yeah, see? I always thought it was a good thing. Sort of like cross promotion in a twisted kind of way. Sure. How the hell you call that cross promotion? You're making it sound like A-hole. I mean, we're going to own MTV soon. I guess we're not going to be able to make fun of MTV soon. Yeah, what are we going to make fun of? The Q of the day, I'm the kid. There's no one to make fun of on Q104. Two for Tuesday. Two for Tuesday. You guys should rename that song Ain't Talking About Syndication. Yeah, we need a new song. Yeah, we need something that's more appropriate. High-fiving. Yeah, we need something that's more appropriate. Highway to Hell or something. Poor John the Dump Guy, man. He was all sweating and he was, I swear to you, not kidding, he was waving a white flag. He had a white piece of cloth and he was like, enough, please. He ran out of the leg. Get that arm guy from Little Havana to rescue John from the dump room. John Gonzalez. Alright, let's go to line seven. Sir? Shut up, Opie. Ah, shut up. Debbie, what's going on? I just wanted to say goodbye to you guys. I heard the FBI was coming in in full assault gear to take you out of the station. Yeah, you're going to see me and Opie crying. You're going to be pulled away. I'll miss you on my drive home. It just won't be the same anymore. Who's going to replace you? If they're going to rip me out of the studio, though, I hope they send a Playboy model instead of that bushy lady they sent for Elion. Will you be in your pajamas? Yes, I will. My little PJs. I got feety pajamas. Alright, guys, take care. Thank you, Debbie. We better take a break, Anthony. Alright, Scott from Weehawken. I hear a very, very annoying laugh in the background. Yeah, that's Anthony. Anthony, you are so annoying to people on the instant feedback. They can't stand you. Really? Yeah, you have one of those sitcom laughs. When you're trying to watch an old episode of Mary Tyler Moore or Happy Days or something. Over the regular laugh of the audience, you feel like this. Say that. You hear the regular laugh, and then there's like a... Free! Free! Oh, no, Psycho Marcus is taking me away. You're coming with me! Earlier this afternoon, Anthony from the OVNNB show taken out of the studio by armed INS agents and sent to Cuba by some southern guy from Washington. Please don't own NBC soon, because we don't want to lose the chance of making fun of Tom Brokaw. What kind of work can do a lot of Brokaw? He ain't coming over here to let you boys shut up! I'm talking about Bill Butale or something, he's dead. He just looks at it. You idiot. We're running out of things to make fun of. What if we let you drink in the studio again? Okay, would I care things, god damn it? All right, let's take a break, okay? But if we can't go home, we might not be there. They're waiting outside. We need our protesters outside the studio every day to make a human change. Yeah, they'll be asleep too. You whisked away over sleeping bodies outside. We'll just slowly step over them. Knowing our listeners. Okay. All right? Okay, terrific. A gigantic boombox is coming down the street. Hand me the RPG7. Hey, Anthony! Yes? The Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Yes, maybe we could send one to our big boss in Washington to smooth things over. Smooth things over a little bit? Let's smooth things over with the big boss man down in Washington. Send him a Vermont Teddy Bear. Why not? We would call up a bear counselor, 1-800-829-BEAR, and tell him a little something about the boss down in Washington. And they would come up with a bear that would suit him. Right. Real boss bear, the business bear, or the voodoo boss bear. Oh, I want one of those for myself. Please take the pin out of me! Take the pin out of me! Bosses, bosses, secretary's day is this Wednesday. Wow. Hey, we just watched the sexual harassment video too. There's probably some inappropriate ways to give a Vermont Teddy Bear. You don't want to go up, squeeze her cans, and then give her the bear. That's bad. I learned. We learned that. Sure. You don't want porno on your computer screen when you're calling her over to give her the Vermont Teddy Bear? No. You don't want to give her the bear? No. No. Do something different this year. Surprise your exceptional assistant with a Beargram gift from Vermont Teddy Bear. Great way to show your appreciation. In a way that's original and fun. And what do they get? A beautiful bear, handcrafted in Vermont, delivered with a personalized card, candy in a colorful gift box. For some reason, my throat hurts. I wonder why. I don't know. If you stop yelling, maybe you could get me the goddamn commercial. Thank you, boss. A Beargram gift, creative change of pace from Flowers, and will be enjoyed forever. You're a psychopath. I know. You're like Anthony Hopkins from that movie Magic. You've got two weird personalities going on over there. When he talks like the boss, he convinces the boss for a second. I am. For everything your assistant does for you all year, they deserve the best. Vermont Teddy Bear Company, guaranteed overnight delivery so your assistant's bear will arrive on time. Want to give them the number on the other info? Yes, I can do that, Anthony. Call 1-800-829-BEAR. That's 1-800-829-BEAR or shop online at vermonteddybear.com. It's the creative alternative to Flowers for Secretary's Day, which is this Wednesday, March 18th. Or any occasion, Mother's Day, right around the corner. This would be a great gift, guys. That's 1-800-829-BEAR, 1-800-829-BEAR. Telemope and Anthony from NADW sent you. The OPM Anthony Show. This happens to be one of my favorite shows. I wanted to listen and learn. I learned that from my ride home, I'm going to wear the sense because I think that your show is still funny. I'm going to team myself every day. Another goal we have, everybody wetting their pants on their drive home. That's a dumb. Why do you shamelessly waste my time like this? 1027-WNAW. Ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch. Gotta tighten that up. Ouch, ouch, ouch. It's the OPM Anthony Show. The OPM Anthony Show. You're the good losers. That's right, buddy. We're trying. Online 2127571027. Maybe our own spaz can build a relationship with our boss by going out and drinking beer and plead our case. And it can smooth things over? Sure. We can not miss a beer. I swear I'll do. I could do that. I could do that. Scott S. from MAWA has interesting and some feedback. I don't know if this is true. Maybe you know it. Anthony, last night the Australian Crocodile Man. Yeah. Did a show from the delivery room while his wife was giving birth. Yeah, how about this guy? Is this real? Yeah. Supposedly he named the baby after his favorite crocodile. It was effing hilarious. Yeah. He's the biggest tool. They didn't show the vag though. No, they had the over the shoulder shot. But they did show the wife sweating and close ups of him saying how beautiful it was later, Scott. Breathe baby, breathe. Is this really true? Yeah, he had it live on his little TV show that he does where he's usually wrestling alligators and being bitten in the face by various Australian outback creatures. Yeah. Now he was, you know, push baby, push. Look at that little bugger. He's gorgeous. Look at the doctor's reaching in my wife's privates. Look at that, doc. Both hands in there, right? Now, doc, try to clap. You can't, can you? Tied, huh? That old gag. You gotta watch. It's got teeth just like a gator. Alright, doc, look, she's thrashing about. I'll try to sit on her head. She's going into a death roll. She can be quite tricky. It's a custom here in Australia to eat the afterbirth. Oh, yummy. Like a Vegemite sandwich. Yeah, he did that. No kidding. Yeah, this guy seems to me like he'll do anything just to get some people watching his show. Look at me wife's gag. I saw another guy on Animal Planet. Yeah. He jumps right into the swamps with the alligators to try to catch them. Nuts. Have you seen that guy? There's a few people that are trying to, they're ripping him off. He's like the biggest redneck? Yeah. And he jumps into the swamp, I mean up to his like nips. Yeah. And he sees an alligator and he goes for it. Crazy. You know what the funniest thing I ever saw was? Was the guy that put his head in the alligator's mouth. You ever see that video? From India? Yeah, he used to do this all the time. He'd open up the alligator's mouth, stick his head in, and pull his head out for like a little carnival act or something. This one time a bead of sweat rolled off his head and hit the alligator's tongue. And the alligator's like, oh dinner. That's all it takes. Clamped down on this guy's head. He's like squealing and trying to get his head out. And the alligator's just you know, I got his head. I don't care. I'm laughing my ass off. Other people's pain is so funny. It's funny because I don't know him. It's funny because I don't know him. It's funny because it's far away. I love those over lines. It's true. It's so true. Mike, what's up? Hey. Hey. You're on the air. Let's go. Yo, I saw this last night. Yeah? Freaking hilarious. Guy's such a tool. Yeah, he had a life given birth. He was really in the delivery room. That's amazing. And he had the enthusiasm like he was on TV. And it's a cry. It's a boy. Look at him. Look at the little wiener. That's how we tell it's a boy. Look, he's trying to bite me. Over and out, guys. To keep the baby quiet, I'm going to put a burlap sack over his head and rope it down till we get him back to the compound. Greg, what's going on? What's going on, guys? How are you? I'm just going up to defend the croc hunter here. We love the croc hunter. You know, you've got to love him. And I do admit that he might have gone a little overboard when he was recording his wife's birth. But you've got to respect the guy to get that excited about everything. What company does the crocodile hunter work for? Uh, uh-oh. This just in. The crocodile hunter is owned by CBS. He's a real man's man. Who else do you know that could jump in swamps and wrestle snakes and alligators and everything? The guy is sick. I saw they got to jump off the fender of a car to try to catch some kind of gazelle or something. Like they were trying to get him with a rope. And he's swinging the lariat from the hood of this Land Rover. And then he throws it and misses. And the rope goes under the tire, so he lets go. So he's just going, well, get closer, honey. Get closer to him. And he just flings himself onto this thing like 40 miles an hour. Did you ever see the woman he was whipping kangaroos? No. He's on the side of his truck and his wife is driving him and slams him into a tree. And he goes flying off the truck and his ear was splitting open. He's like, look, I split my ear. There's blood all over me. When he found the snake den in the hole in the rock, it was no bigger than his shoulders. He just reaches his hand in and starts grabbing the snake. He squeezed his whole face. He squeezed his whole face in there. The snake comes slithering up and just starts biting him in the nose and the cheek and all over his face. And he's just like, well, no, it's OK. I understand. He's a little angry. He's scared. If I saw a big bugger poking into my house, I'd be a little perturbed. And he's just letting his snake web, web, web. He's slamming his face. He's got fang marks all over him. Isn't he gorgeous? Imagine those two in bed, the crocodile hunter and his wife. Must be a freaking circus scene, huh? Oh, brother. Let's go to Michael. Michael, what's up? Hey, how you doing, guys? Great. Two things on the show last night that you guys didn't mention. One, it was a girl. And if you saw the look of terror on his face when he realized his new baby was a girl, he was like, oh, no. It was unbelievable. The other thing did you see after he like caught the baby, he was hunched down like a football player and he took the snap. He had blood all over his hand and he was shaking like all his camera crew and the doctors congratulating him and stuff. Absolutely sick. And he was shaking hands with him. Shaking hands with the blood and all that stuff dripping off. I'm bummed I missed this last night. It was unbelievable. I was watching Jesus last night. Jesus. Oh, that sounds like fun. One of those religious Easter movies. Jesus was all over the tube last night. Bye, Michael. All right. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Get away from that religious programming on Easter Sunday. Wow. They pull all those movies out. Jimmy. Jimmy. Hey, what's up, R&A? Love the show, brother. Hey, Jimmy. Thank you, brother. Hey, brother. Thank you. You guys, did you see the show? He's crying like he's fighting all the lizzies. He's burnt. And he's like he gets out of the car in the middle of the road and the snake is all burnt and he's crying. Look at the little bugger. Yeah, he gets real emotional and he sees the dead animals. Yeah, it was like a two-inch snake and he's like, oh, look at the little bugger. He's all upset like it's his kid in the street. The best episode was when he was going after the sharks. And instead of getting in a scuba suit and like a wetsuit, he just put the tanks on, the mask and the fins, and still was wearing his shorts. And his like outback style outfit. And he was swimming with the sharks with his little outfit on. And his hands all cut. There's blood in the water. He could have the sharks cruising any time. He's nuts. I'm waiting for something to just bite his head off. Just a big, oh, look at the big bear. And just like bite his head off. He took me head off, but I'm okay. Mike, what's up? Mike. Yo. You're on the air. Let's go. You see the one where his old lady falls in the river? Yeah, I've seen that one. He's got that croc and he comes up and he says, oh, look, you just got that big pig. And then they hit a branch or something and she falls in. Yeah, they had these huge pigs and use them for bait for the crocs. And the crocodiles that would come up were so friggin' big. There was one that had to be like 20 feet long, big fat one. Yeah, it was 15 footer. And he gets his wife to sit on the thing's head while he tries to roll it over and tie it up. And the wife couldn't, she really was almost going to get eaten because she couldn't handle it. But things like whipping around and he had to come up to the front end, funny as hell though. Come on, grab him. Grab him like it's me, genitals. Don't let go. Yeah, you're used to dealing with a monster. Let's go to Brian. What's up, Brian? Hey, did you see the one when he called the shark the Wally Goggles? The what? Wally Goggles. They had all these names for all the things around the reef. There were little sharks. They were about two feet long. They had flat heads. He goes, they're okay as long as you don't stick your hand in there. And of course he sticks his hand in there. Takes off like three fingers and he goes, whoa, look at that. That's one of those shows when it's on though. You got to watch it. You got to stop for a little while. You see the boat? They got like a 12 foot aluminum boat. What kind of budget does the guy have? Yeah, really. He's got the worst crap that he works with. He's got like a six horse motor. His wife goes, oh, it's still over here. All right, Brian. Love the show. Thank you. We can start saying into what did we learn on the show today, I'm sure. Sure. I think we've talked about the crocodile guy. Oh yeah. John Skinny from Jersey. Sure. What I learned on the ONA show today, being a Jew, all we get on our 13th birthday is a lame bar mitzvah party. But if you're Italian, you get a whore. Whores, horses, guns, whiskey. Birthday of champions. Thanks, Dad. Thank you. Cindy. I'll be Anthony. Hi, Cindy. Hi. How's Jan, Marcia? Good? Oh, they're super. They're the lisp. Very, very good. I had a comment about the crocodile guy. Okay. Well, because of you guys, I got totally hooked on it. And I was watching it last night and I found out he named his daughter after a baby crocodile and the dog. Oh, really? The baby's first name is whatever you call a baby crocodile and the middle name is Sue because the dog's name is Suey. Suey. He's out of his friggin mind. I know. And he even explained that like it was okay. Like it's okay, yeah. So, we love you guys, too. All right. Thank you. Bye. Baby talk, baby talk. It's a wonder you can walk. You shut up, buddy Hinton. Okay, brother. Ouch. Okay, brother. Ouch. Okay, brother. Ouch. Ouch. Wait, I can't do that. Okay, brother. Ouch. I love Jimmy Superfly Snooka. He's our fave. Ouch. Yeah. Okay, brother. What are you people on? Oh, you want to play the Jimmy Superfly Snooka? Sure. We can do that. Yeah, where is he? As they're lining up the phones for What Did We Learn on the Opie and Anthony Show today. This is the Jimmy Superfly Snooka. All he had to say was hi. Well, wait a minute. First, do we have an example of somebody who cuts a promo for us that goes flawless? Yeah. Just sounds good the way it's supposed to go. Whenever we have anybody in here of any notoriety, we'd like them to do a little promotion for the show. Louis Black. Okay, Louis. Took him one take. Here it is. Hi, this is Louis Black from The Daily Show. And you're listening to two of the most psychotic human beings I've ever met. My pals, Opie and Anthony on 102.7 WNEW. He improvised, had a slight problem with 102.7. Slight? That's okay, but he went right through. Right through, one take, a little improvising, very good. Right. Okay, this is Jimmy Superfly Snooka from a week ago. This was three minutes long. It's down to a minute 20. Okay, Opie and Anthony on 102.7. Ouch! 102. Opie and Anthony on 1027. This is the Superfly Jimmy Snooka and you're listening to Opie and Anthony. This is Superfly Jimmy Snooka and you're listening to Opie and Anthony on 102.7 on WNEW. Right again, 1027. 102.7. Yeah, we call it 102.7. Okay, 1027 on WNEW. Do you want to say his name instead of first? Uh, you want to say it again? Say it again, Jimmy Superfly Snooka. One more time and I'll edit that in. Ouch! It's the Superfly Jimmy Snooka and you're listening to Opie and Anthony on 1027 WNEW. Superfly Jimmy Snooka on your radio dial. Do you use your tongue prettier? Do you use your tongue prettier in a $20 whore? And it ends with this, and you missed it. Okay, brother. Okay, brother. Ouch! That's our favorite celebrity ID though. It's our favorite. That's a good one. Just to give you an idea, we did Filter last week. It's just not as exciting when you hear it like this. Hey, what's up? This is Gino. And this is Richard and we're from the band Filter. And you're listening to our friends Opie and Anthony on 1027 WNEW. Hey, look at that. That's perfect. Picture perfect. All right, let's get to a quick round of what did we learn on the Opie and Anthony show today. Okay. Let's start with Lenny from Brooklyn. I learned that for great limo service. I should call 516. I love the obscure references. Most people look at their radio when we read an obscure one and just go, huh? But someone out there got that. Of course. I had a whole discussion with some guy at your gig Saturday night about how I love the obscure references. This is when they're made on the show. It shows people are listening. Stinky from Princeton, I learned that your boss is Ross Perot. Pretty close. Not coming. All right, let's go to the phones here. Hey, Jason, what did you learn on the show today? What's up, guys? I learned that sometimes Opie and Anthony like to use some cag kicks. And I get them into some trouble. Thank you, Jason. Syndication whenever. Yeah, sure. P, what's up? Yo, O&A. Yo, I learned that no matter how much I look, I can't find Ivan in the Afternoon on the radio. Yo, fellas. I gotta dump out of that. You can't find Ivan in the Afternoon. You can't find Ivan in the Afternoon. A smash hit afternoon show, Ivan in the Afternoon. In case the bosses are still listening, I took it upon myself to dump out of a mention of someone that works for the company. Why? Shut up. Let's go to Joe. Joe, what's up? What's up? What did I learn today on the Opie and Anthony Show? Never talk about your nasty swamp lip. That's true. Thank you. That would be appreciated. And never talk about Jennifer. Hey, thanks. Please. That's an obscure reference. Tom, I'm sorry. It certainly is. Hey, I learned we have a new sound wave now. That's because we've been nation. Okay, brother. We love Okay, brother. I also learned I can't mention a fly miss in the corning. That's right. Okay. Later, guys. KYK from Queens. I learned that Hooked on Phonics drops Superfly as their sponsor. Scott, I learned the words to Ain't Talking About Love. That's true. I learned that Superfly Jimmy is like Timmy on South Park. The only thing he can say clearly is his name. Okay, brother. Ouch. Freaking eight-year-olds in here. All right, a few more here. Mike, you're next on any W. Hey, what's up, guys? What's up? I learned never to mess with anybody else if we're in the middle of the woods. Very good. You guys suck. You guys suck. Thank you. Some innocent man will get bit. Pip, guys. Pip, guys. Mike, if you want a comic, Mike. Later, guys. Let's go to Frank. Frank, you're next. What's up, guys? Hey. Hey, I learned that even during a tense political crisis like the Aileen Gonzalez case, there's still time to check out Hot Cuban Gage. Hey, I learned one more thing. Can I say that one? The cousin has those hummer lips. Oh, my God. I did learn something else. Can I go with that? Yeah. I learned that you guys have the power to turn me into an S&M freak between Bridget's waxing and Friday's hot wax. The hot wax. Yeah, that's awesome. We've got to get more girls in to do that. I never thought anything like that would be hot, but it kind of worked out that way. Oh, me too, Ant. I was never into that. Now I'm totally into it. Yeah, well, we've got a few more girls down for that. All right, guys. You know what you'll be into? Chopping up girls and burying them in the woods. Stuck taping a spade shovel. Edith from California. Might be getting the show illegally on the internet. Few of those people checking in lately. Put your tongue in it, Arch. I learned that it's not okay to ask for a hummer from a coworker. That's true. Let's go to Paul. Paul, you're next on N.E.W. Hey, guys. What's up? Hey, Ant. I learned someone stuck their tongue in your rear. No, they were trying to stick their tongue in his rear. In my ear, not rear. See, it doesn't work when you word it like that, Opie. In the rear. No, in the ear. In the ear. In your ear? In your ear. Oh, I got it. I got it. Okay, I'm sorry. I screwed up the whole thing. In your ear, right. In your ear. In your ear. All right, guys. Syndication who gives a crap. All right. See, that's the one I like now. Syndication who gives a crap. Right. It only works if you have the word your before. Your ear. Right. It's your ear. I got you now. Yeah, what's your matter? Someone tried to stick their tongue in his ear. How come it's not funny when I do it? Hey, someone tried to put his tongue in Anthony's ear. See? In my ear. And I got another very good obscure one. Okay. Anthony from Edison, New Jersey. I learned if you give Superfly a flute, he could be Gray Wolf. Yeah. That is very good. Ouch. Do we have any Gray Wolf audio? Okay, brother. Ouch. Okay, brother. Okay, brother. Brother. Ouch. Let's go to Sean. We're just about out of here. We've got to step aside for a down a mic. Sean, what's up? What's up, fellas? Listen, I learned a new INS motto. Yeah. Drop the chalupa. Take care, fellas. Have a good day. All right, Sean. Unhand the boy. Unhand the boy. Oh, dear. All right. There's some great ones on the phones, but we have to step aside here. Yeah. We had a lot of fun today, huh? Certainly did. Nice for a Monday. Yes. I'm feeling good. Yes. All right. Say a prayer. Ratings come out tomorrow. Oh, that's right. Hey. Ouch. Maybe the only thing that saves our asses. Yeah. Hit or miss, isn't it? We just hinge there every three months. Ouch. That's right, Jimmy. Ratings tomorrow. Ratings tomorrow. Ratings tomorrow. Ratings tomorrow. Ratings tomorrow. Ratings tomorrow. Ratings tomorrow. Ratings tomorrow. Ratings tomorrow. Then we'll see everyone at 2 tomorrow, right? Oh, maybe. Ouch. Okay, brother. Give me your rules. We got to get him back on the show. See where it went wrong. Yeah. All right. Hey, man. Thanks. What the hell are you talking about? Sophie and Anthony Show. Crap, whiz and vomit. 1027 WNEW.