 Some days, you know, we're a left-right, and other days we just flat out suck. We know it. Interesting, and true. Opie and Anthony. O-2-7. Opie-W-E-W. And this is going to be one of those days where we don't suck. Way too much to do today on the Opie and Anthony show. Ah, for this Tuesday, April 4th, 2000, Anthony. Black Tuesday. Black Tuesday upon us. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, bro. What the hell is going on? Ah. Baby, what happened? I had money. Well, Ann, what's the Dow doing now? Why didn't I leave? Why didn't I leave? Why didn't I punch out when I had the chance? You got greedy. You got yourself greedy there. Why didn't I? All right, you want in on the show. 212-757-1027. Steve, what's going on today, man? What's up, man? How are you doing? How are you? So, what about this crash? It's unbelievable, huh? I can't believe it. But you know what? I don't feel bad for you guys at all. You guys got money up the wazoo. All right? Really? Yeah, you do. You guys got a radio show. You guys think you're all cool. You guys lose money. Big effing deal. You guys are first timers. Big deal. What? What are you talking about? Why are you so bitter, my friend? Yeah, why are we all in this together? You know what? I don't feel bad for rich people. That's why. Rich? I would guarantee you have more money than me, Steve. Probably. You asswipe. Everyone reads about how the big boy in town makes all this money doing a radio show and assumes everyone else makes money. Ann and I do not make money to do this radio show. That doesn't happen. You guys are making a nice dollar more than I'm making. Oh, really? Why don't you jump on the train with me in Huntington every day? That's odd. If I was making money, would I be taking a train every day and having people snoring on my lap? Rich people don't commute. So rich people don't commute. That's what you said. That's because it's easier. That's why. Come on, give me a break. I got money and son and I'm losing money, bro. You want to see where I live? You want to see where Ann lives? We do not make any money, dick face. OP, OP, OP, OP, OP, if I may. If I may, if I may. Obviously, Steve. Let's hear it. Let's hear it, Anthony. Obviously Steve is having a very bad day in the market. It's very odd. He's losing tons and tons of his hard earned cash. I got a little money and son. I understand that you guys got some money in the Nasdaq. I understand. Some? Steve, let me tell you one. Let me tell you something. Half my so-called fortunes is in the market and all of that is gone. I lost just about all of it the last few days alone. It's over Johnny. One more thing. One more thing. Alright this is a good thing for us. You know what we can do? We can go on margin and we can buy even more stocks out because everything is low. Oh yeah. Yeah who has the balls to do that? I do. Let's do it. Then you obviously have more money than us. We'll call up our brokers. We'll tell them alright we'll buy it. Let's put $50,000 on margin and buy some more. I'm just sweating here today. Everyone margined up and they thought it hit a bottom last week. Yeah I know and what are you going to do? But you know what? It's a buying opportunity I think. Alright Steve. It's time to buy. Alright Steve. Take all your money and shove it up your ass. We've got a radio show to do today. I do. You douchebag. Goodbye. He obviously is losing money hand over fist. He's a little angry. Obviously he hasn't been to any of the road shows. You know what we look like and how we dress. Stupid! You're so stupid! The debut of the stupid clip. Wow that was early in the show. Stupid! You're so stupid! I love that one. You think okay terrific's good. Okay terrific. That's old now. We got stupid. You're so stupid. Stupid! You're so stupid! Okay. So what's going on with the Dow Anthony? Let's get this out of the way because we've got to talk about our trip to LA to Wrestlemania. We've got Jay Moore coming in. We do. Oh yeah. We've got the... I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. We've got the... I don't know. We've got the... I don't know. I don't know. We've got the... I don't know. We've got the... I don't know. Oh yeah. We've got tons of things to do today on the show. I believe my brother Joe's coming in too. With a couple offensive songs. Offensive songs. I hear they're really really good. He calls me up last night. I don't know. It was about 11 o'clock. Plays them for me over the phone. I'm like oh my god. These are great. They're contenders. They're going to be contenders. Yeah. Awesome. Oh it'll be the Dow down 145. The Nasdaq down 167. That might sound bad. That's a huge comeback in the last hour. They are way off their lows of the day. The Nasdaq at one point was like, I don't know, 500 points down. It was a mess. A total mess. Bloodbath. Everyone's selling off. Now there's a little bit of a rebound but I don't know if this will stick. I'm buying Microsoft. Microsoft. Well a lot of people... It can't possibly go any lower. Yeah. The whole it can't possibly go lower thing. How many people were saying that last week? Give me my broker on the phone. I'm going to buy Microsoft. Microsoft. Well if you go to some of the... I think I can afford 10 shares. Yeah. If you go to some of the hardcore trading message boards, like ragingbull.com is one of them, people are freaking out, losing all their money, have no clue who to blame and it is just a pisser to read some of these. I mean on the message board one guy writes, lost my savings and my children's education. Thank you Alan Greenspan. Like it's Greenspan's fault you put all your eggs in one bastard. You know what I mean? Yeah. And other people saying this is the end of the world as we know it. And I feel fine. Well I don't know. And I feel fine. I don't know if they're feeling fine but some people really, really freaking out. I got a theory by Microsoft that's got to go back up. Microsoft. Because if Microsoft crashes and goes bankrupt then we're all F'd. Well Microsoft having a little problem there, Opie, because the Justice Department ruling against them, saying that they unlawfully tied their browser there, that Explorer that everyone uses, to their Windows applications. I don't see how that's a bad thing. You know what? It's just the business. That's what they do. Saying they're keeping competition out and they're monopolizing the thing. They just have the system that everybody seems to use. Seems to like. And now they put their face in it and everyone ran scared. Then they had that other bitch that downgraded all the, that pulled a lot of the tech stocks out of her portfolio. That screwed things up. Greenspan always bitching about the market and inflation, raising interest rates. And people just looking at some of these stocks like they're overvalued. So all of a sudden you get a day like this. A week like we've had. Nasdaq took taking a big dump. Remember everybody celebrating? That Nasdaq 5000? That was only last week. Oh my God, a couple of weeks ago. Not even. I think that was like last Tuesday. I think it was a week ago we were all celebrating. You know what happens also? You go to CNBC, turn it on every morning, and you see the guy from the Nasdaq site there on Wall Street, on Times Square? He's always trying to find an up angle. Always trying to find the positive thing. Nasdaq, you know, down 200 points today but it's still up for the year, more than 20%. We're looking really good. He's always trying to get the positive spin. I saw him today. Oh my God, he like had a black eye and a bloody nose. He said, it's over, Johnny. It's over. Forget it. Hold your money. He could not find a positive spin. It was just death and destruction today. Some people must have made boo-coos a cast up. Some of these stocks have taken 40 point swings in a mere hour's time. You've got to be insane to play that. You know what it is? You've got to be mentally insane. Well, that's the crapshoot, the roulette, spin of the wheel game because you don't, you can't tell me you know what these things are doing. But if you see a stock that took a 20 point dump and now you're looking at it and it's five points up. All within two hours. All within two hours. A couple of hours. A couple of hours and now it's up five. If someone's playing this right, God bless you. We've got to get stockbroker Dave on the phone. People asking me how the $600 that you gave me that I invested is doing, it's worth about 40 bucks right now. Oh well, so much for getting my money back. We've got to get stockbroker Dave on the phone when the market closes. It's probably like heart attack central down there today. Unbelievable. People must be just losing their minds. Let's go to Larry real fast. Larry, what's going on? Hey, what's going on? Hey man. Listen, I just wanted to let you know first of all it was down 600. Yeah, yeah it was like 600. I saw it was five and change. What, the Nasdaq or the Dow? Oh both. Nasdaq was down like six. Both. Also, the other thing is I wanted to pay my last respects to you know, 600 bucks. It's over, Channing. Punch out, it's over. I didn't know if I needed to coax one of you guys off of the window sill, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Hey, what the hell are you going to do, you know? Listen, take a look at People magazine, your girl Brittany. Yeah? Let me tell you. We'll check it out. She's a hot one, man. Did I get my free people that I didn't subscribe to in the mail today? Probably not. Oh, what CDs did you get sent today? Dude, you know what I would do, man? Why, how about that? She is. Hey man, if you guys are going to send us like free CDs and stuff, you know, at least pick good ones. Make some good ones. Then all I'm going to do is a Backstreet Boys CD. Oh, we got the Will Smith, the Backstreet Boys. Charlotte Church. Charlotte Church. Yep. Air Supply. Air Supply. Garth Brooks as Chris Gaines. Not even like Garth so that if you even liked Garth you would like it. It's Garth Brooks as Chris Gaines. Garth needed a tax write off, I think. You guys rock. Thanks man. Thanks, man. Godspeed. Oh, what? It was funny when it was happening at the mail. I don't even care. I throw it in the garbage. Throw it in the garbage. Ronnie, what's going on? How are you doing, O.D.? Great. I was down at the Stern Show. I tried putting a wow sign on their broadcast this morning. I had wow on in case he started fighting with me over there. On the back it said, Opie and Anthony, take it in the rear real hard. Oh, there you go. Thank you, Ronnie. Ronnie? Oh, he hung up, Opie, because that was the end of his little joke. He was the take it in the rear guy. Yeah. I get it. Boy, he got us. All right, let's take a break. We're going to get into our trip to and from L.A. Yep. Does this sound familiar, Anthony? Oh, my God. Jesus Christ. Well, we'll get into that story next. Stay there. That's right. We're back. It's two for two. Oh, what? That's right. We got a new radio station finally. That old gag. I think we finally have a full lineup in place, Anthony. Do we? A complete lineup for the first time since you and I took this job two years ago. You mean something that they're actually going to stick with? They're going to attempt to stick with the current lineup, yes. How about that? How about that is right. There was so much excitement around this place today. It was amazing. There's actually people in the hallways that want to work and win. Stop. I swear to you. You're running around like crazy today? I know. It does look like there's something going on today. There's like four or five new shows here. They all have their own offices. They're running around like crazy. I don't get it. It's very, very good. Yeah. Right? I'm very happy about it. I mean, it's quite the contrast from when we first got here. That's for sure. The one thing I can say about the new shows is they're all going to give it their best shot to succeed. Yeah. Unlike many of the past shows we had here at NEW. Yeah. So we'll see what happens. I don't know. Is there anybody left to blame? No. Everyone's gone. Yeah. Pretty much. I guess that's it. Everyone's gone. There's no one left to blame from the old regime. So if something happens, it's your own fault. Let's put it this way. There are only three guys that have been working here longer than you and I. Yeah. Three. Right. Out of a staff of at least 40 or 50. Wait, wait, wait. You did say working. Oh. There's only two that have been working here longer. There's this one that's been here longer than us. That's wild. That's wild for a radio station that had guys that pretty much died in these seats. And then they kept them on the air. And then they kept them on the air anyway. I don't know what it was. The sound of the flies buzzing over their dead carcass. The show. What a turn this station has taken. It was funny because the old regime, the old players, the old jocks, they would sit around outside the studio and stuff and brag how long they were here. And that's all that mattered. Not how good they sounded on the air, but how long they occupied the seats on air. I was here 20 years. 20 years here at NEW. Oh yeah, that's nothing. Who cares? I've been here for 35 years. I've been here for 50 years. And they looked down at the people that were only here for like 15? Yeah. Like you've only been here 15 years, you're still a rookie. I've been here 30. And the only way you'd get thrown out the door is if you didn't have seniority. It had nothing to do with like, that was the funniest thing. It had nothing to do with your ratings or your show or if you had any energy or if you wanted to succeed. It was how long your ass was making a dent in one of these chairs. That was it. Wonderful. So now we have a brand new line up. Why is that even on the list? What? Why is me in shorts? Like Rick just put up a thing, maybe some thought starters from our trip to LA. And the top of the list, the first thing, WWF Weekend Notes. Ant in shorts. Ant in shorts. Gee, call me a lunatic. It's 85 degrees in LA and I put on a pair of shorts. Whoa! Whoa! I'm a madman! That was the first time anyone has seen you in shorts though, Ant. That's all the Turks and Caicos. I was in shorts here with Opie. You were there? I've seen you in shorts before but the rest of the staff here has never seen you in shorts. That's all. Oh boy, yeah. I want to show you I have a wooden leg. That's what it is. I'm scared of my wooden leg. I didn't think that was newsworthy. All right, I'm wearing shorts. Wow, how about that? All right, we could waste 20 minutes on that I believe, knowing us. It's not like your bicycle pants. It's not as funny as that. But I'm just wearing shorts. That's when I'm mountain biking. I'm not one of the guys that walks around in bicycle pants. All right. No, I'm not. You see those guys on the streets all the time. They have the problem. I'm insane. They're actually made for if you're doing some rugged mountain biking, not to walk around during lunchtime. I call it rugged mountain biking. Shut up. Yeah, I'm the crazy guy. I'm wearing shorts. I'm laying on the beach. I'm on Laguna Beach. I'm laying on the beach in shorts. I look up at the boardwalk. I see Opi dressed like it's easy in Alaska. Dude, I was so freaking tired when we boarded that plane on Saturday morning. I just figured it was still winter, wherever we were going. I had no shorts. I'll tell you, I had no short sleeve shirts. No. I didn't bring any shorts. I did end up bringing my Tevas. That was about it. It was so hot on the beach. You're on fire. I look at the boardwalk. There's Opi and Sandy walking down like they're going on an Alaskan cruise. You are 100% right. I'm like, what the hell? But that's not on the list. No. And in shorts is on the list. Did you drive your rented car to the beach? Yeah. Was it a Cabrio? No. Shut up. What? I didn't rent a Cabrio. Oh, no? No. I don't even know what I had. What color are the speedometer lights on that Cabrio? Dude, trust me, I don't like the fact that the other day I dressed my one as the gayest shade of purple. You like to see it go. That's why I officially don't drive anymore because now I can't even handle just driving around the neighborhood. You're right. You're 100% right. What am I going to say? Am I going to try to defend the fact that I had to drive a Cabrio for a while? You're 100% right. I'm now pretty much homeless. I have to take the bus because I refuse to get in that damn thing. I'm homeless. I'm like that guy walking down the street. You're convinced he's homeless because he doesn't have a car. I don't have a car. I officially do not have a car. You are right. All right. It's purple. It has lavender lights. The lights inside are like, oh my God, it's like the cockpit of fag airlines. You are completely correct, my friend. I need an SUV. I got to start test driving these mother effers this weekend. I can't believe you got our agent to pay for your frigging car. Why? I'm amazed by you. I'm just stunned. Dude, you got it working. This is amazing. You know how much money he makes off us? I know. That's why we're poor. Oh, we're poor. So we fly out to Anaheim, California. Thank you to the WWF right off the bat. Wow. Superstars. Yes. Limos and hotels and champagne and all this crap. It was great. It was a great, great time. Very cool. But let me tell you something. There is nothing to do in Anaheim unless you want to go to Disneyland. Yeah. Or there's a Disney World out there. I always get them confused. I knew they were going to send a car for us, but I opted to rent a vehicle, not from our agent either. No, I had to. I knew. You go to Anaheim. You're in the hotel. Like you said, Disneyland, not even Disney World, Disneyland, there is nothing. Gee, must have been a blast in the 50s. There's just nothing to do in Anaheim. No. So yeah, I decided I'm going to go up to Santa Monica and see our agent. We gave him enough money. It would be nice to say hi to him, try to scam my car off of me. I was bummed. Because like, oh, that's why I rented it. I'm going out. Well, the story goes that we realized there was nothing to do in Anaheim. Yeah. So I'm like, I got to get the hell out of here. So I went to go up to Santa Monica, which was a good hour away, close to anyway. And I went up there to meet the agent so he could wheel and deal. Wheel and deal. And he wanted me to take a cab. Whoa. It was like an $80 cab ride. One way. You could rent a car. So then I started calling places. And then you came into the lobby. I was like, dude, give me a freaking car. I got to get the hell out of here. What do you think I'm going to do, hang out in the hotel? No. So I ended up getting a car. And we went up to Santa Monica. And we had a great, great time. And then the agent, as I'm leaving, he gives me a check for the rental. What a guy. On top of a free dinner. Unbelievable. He's still way ahead of the game. Oh, I know. Tell me about it. Trust me, he's way ahead of the game. So you want to talk about wrestling and all that, Ant? Well, we did have a good time, didn't we? I definitely liked the ladder match. It was great. The whole Wrestlemania, I think they did a good job this year. The catfighting was the best. Yeah. But we get to our seats. We were in the fourth row. Fourth freaking row. Right on the floor, right next to the ring. Right next to the ring. We were in the section with the beautiful people. Yeah, we were in the beautiful people section. Like, what is Vince crazy? What is him with the beautiful people? It was hilarious. Right amount to, let's see, there was the black guy from that movie, The Green Mile. Yeah, Michael, whatever his name is, from The Green Mile. He was like a couple of, he was in the front row. He was 15 feet away from us tops. He must have made it onto the broadcast, I'm assuming. Yeah. Because he was jumping up and down. He was really, really into it. He went after Triple H at the end of the show. I don't know if that was still on the pay-per-view part of it, but he jumped over the barrier and started trying to attack Triple H. Triple H is just saying, F you, man. Come on, get some F you. Yeah, that was pretty funny. And then, let's see, I saw Macaulay Culkin. You saw Macaulay Culkin? Yeah. You didn't tell me that. He was way to the left of us. Okay. Yeah, he was there. All right. And then. Well, the guy right behind you was pretty famous. Ah, we had Jermaine Jackson. Jermaine Jackson. Jermaine. Right behind us. Yeah. And then, I saw the kids. And I'm just looking like, oh, man, what's this about? Right in front of us was Flip Wilson's grandson. Uh-huh. Who was there. He wouldn't stop yelling and making noise. You were making Screech laugh a lot. Oh, Screech from Saved by the Bell was right in front of us. You were cracking him up big time. Yeah, we were having a pizzer. And then, Moe Vaughn was right there in front of us. And then, I forgot his name, Torrie Something from the L.A. Rams. And then, French Stewart was two rows ahead of me. Martin Short. Martin Short was right there. All in this section. Two rows in front of us, yeah. And then, we look across the ring. And the first sign we see, dead center. You guys must have saw it if you read a pay-per-view. Said, wow, Opie and Anthony show? Yeah. I'm like, oh, my God. Yeah, we're in California. We're in California. This is an MS, you know, Madison Square Garden. They don't even get us out here. And then, I'm looking at Jim Ross and the King broadcasting. And there's guys sitting right behind him that had a sign that just said, ONA, where are you? Yeah. We got their attention. That was a lot of fun. And then, the OK Terrific sign. OK Terrific guy. Yeah. And wow signs all over the damn place. It was huge. It turned out, I guess, a lot of the people came from New York, obviously. Yeah. They had some packages or whatever. And we got to take our seats home, Anthony. Yes. That was another thing. You haven't had fun, so you have to check folding chairs into baggage. You got yours, though? Yeah. You brought yours back? Well, first of all, Keith from Manhattan, Green Mile guy, Michael Clark Duncan. Thank you. Keith Green Mile guy. He's freaking huge. Yeah. Jesus. Oh, yeah. So after the WrestleMania, they come up and they say, hey, everyone gets to take their seats home, which was kind of awkward. We walked out of the Anaheim, I don't even know what it's called. The pond. And commemorative chairs. Sandy sold hers right off the bat. I hope the WWF isn't listening. But a guy in a limo rolls down the window and goes, 50 bucks for the chair. Sandy made that deal immediately. Limited edition. They were. They had the cushions on them and the back cushion were commemorative World Wrestling Federation, WrestleMania 2000, all over it and stuff. The colors of the event on it and everything. My voice is still shot. But yeah, so collectors items and Sandy sold it. 50 bucks. I think she could have got more, but it was worth it because she had no desire to walk around with that damn thing. I checked eBay last night when we got home. Yeah, they're going for 200 bucks already. Are they? Yeah. Auctioning them off. Yep. 200 bucks. This is serious. This is folding chair people. This is serious memorabilia. Folding chair people. I don't know. The WWF isn't thinking though. Why? To allow all their fans to walk away with a chair after seeing the brutality that was WrestleMania. Yeah, yeah, I know. I was waiting in the parking lot for some chair shots over the head. I was waiting for that too. Well, that was the preferred seating section, Opie. So I don't think the beautiful people outside would be smashing each other in the head. I don't know. They gave out a lot of chairs. All the floor seats. How to be at least two. Oh, all the floor seats? Yeah. That had to be at least 500 then. I was going to say a couple hundred. At least 500. You were funny when we were leaving. I was like, I think this is just a way to get us to clean up. So they don't have to hire anybody to take the chairs. Well, think about it. You know, pay the union guys to clean up the floor seats. The audience does it for you. Yeah, screw it. Let the audience, you know, take them home. That was good though. Like I said, the ladder match I think was the highlight. Spectacular. Yeah, the main event. Wait, I got to tell you something about that ladder match. Yeah. While that was all going on, I started looking at the announce table. Yeah. I was guaranteed no cameras on the announced guys and the ring guy, I forget his name, Finkel or whatever his name is. I was looking at him especially. No cameras around, no reason for anyone else in the whole place to look at Finkel. But I was curious, you know, because the action was getting just way out of hand. And I was looking at his face and he was not faking it. He was just like, I cannot believe these guys are doing this. I know. Amazing. I mean, if a camera was on him and you know, he's working it for the audience, sure. But there was no reason for this guy to react like he did and he still was. And he was talking to another guy like I can't believe he just did that. They were doing flips off of the top of a ladder, landing on each other, falling off the ladder over the ropes onto the floor outside the ring from heights that you just don't see. Right. You know, this was a great match. Yeah. A lot of fun to watch. Mike from Rockland, you guys should watch the Encore tonight. You might have made it on TV because they showed Screech and Torrey Holt, that's his name on TV, and the Green Mile guy going after Triple H also made it on. All those people were right around us. We were right behind Screech, like right behind him and Cat's sister, that chick. That was the blonde with the ponytail that was sitting next to Screech. Who's Cat's sister? Cat from the. Oh, really? Yeah. I didn't know that. Oh, very cool. It's kind of funny because at one point, who fell on top of the announce table at one point? I think it was mankind that smashed the table and King and JR are like, oh my God, there goes our table. Right. Well, at that point, my girlfriend goes, hey, I wonder if the cat, I wonder if her head got hurt when that table fell. Making a little joke that she was under the table for the king. Taking care of the king. Yeah. She got, you know, the cat goes out with the king. Oh, that's what we've heard. Yes. And the chick turns around and goes, what? Because I'm the cat's sister. Little Joe! That's a little Joe. That was the little Joe. Yeah. And she was cool about it. That's very cool. Some of the signs that are up there. I mean, come on. What are you going to be all tender and stuff? Did you see all the old time wrestlers in our hotel? Did you recognize any of those guys? No. I saw Sean Michaels. Sean Michaels was there. And Triple H eating with a big bodyguard next to him. So no one bugged him. Let me tell you something. Triple H is a dick. What do you mean? Well, Rick saw him flat out tell a little kid that he wasn't signing autographs. He didn't even talk to a little kid. It was one kid in front of the hotel. Rick, that little kid was you, wasn't it? All right. I was all by myself. It was just one kid who recognized him because he was leaving pretty quick. One kid in. One kid. Not like thousands. This is Triple H. And he's taking off his jacket. Doesn't look at the kid. You know, throws the jacket to the guy who's watching the door. Huge bodyguard. And another big bodyguard comes running over going, he's not doing any autographs. It's not like there are six, seven little kids out there. You just happen to see them. It wasn't like the Beatles where they're running down the street. It was one little tiny kid. With his swan-y little legs. He had his little shorts on. All he had to do was say, hey, you know, I'm in a law. Thanks for being a fan. Right. That's all he had to say. It was just a little kid. Just bony little knees and stuff sitting there with his pen. Can I have an autograph, please? His pen is too big for his hand and his little pad. He just wants an autograph from his hero. Right. Poor kid. He didn't even ask for an autograph. He just wanted to say hi to him. Oh, my God. So we saw that happening. It was painful. It was painful. It was painful. Come on. But we had a great time. But in our hotel, Anthony, one of my favorites of all time, Ernie Ladd, the cat. Oh, yeah? He was there? He's freaking huge. If you remember Ernie Ladd, he used to have the injury where his thumb was all screwed up and he used his thumb to gouge the eyes of his opponent. The big controversy was that he had this bad thumb for pretty much his whole wrestling career. The injury never healed and he used it to his advantage. He used it as a weapon. He was in our hotel. Also, do you remember Hillbilly Jim from the early 80s? Hillbilly Jim. From the Sidney Lauper era, basically. From the first few. I thought that was Hacksaw Jim Duggan. No, Hacksaw Jim Duggan was the one with the two by four. Yeah, the little Hillbilly hat on and overalls. I didn't recognize him. I think he even wrestled barefooted or something. Oh, yeah? He was in our hotel. And then I saw classy Freddie Blassie. Oh, yeah? What's the matter? Death watch. Death watch. Really? And he had this Asian woman with him that couldn't have been more than 45 tops. And he was introducing her to everyone as his wife. I'm like, whoa. Because he's got to be pushing 80. Yeah. So, hmm. But it was a lot of fun. We enjoyed ourselves. Yeah, what a time. The flight in. The flight in to LA. We got Alex Trebek. You kind of feel good when you have Alex Trebek on the plane because it's like, our plane can't crash. Alex Trebek's on it. Yeah, because you can't imagine reading that headline the next time Alex Trebek dies and trashes your plane accident. Yeah, yeah. So you feel really safe. You feel good about that because it's like, well, Alex Trebek's on the plane. It can't go down, you know. You know, I'm pissed off because I know his wife and I forgot all about this. She's from your neck of the woods. She went to Harborfields High School. She's a year younger than me. She went to school with my brother. She's got to be at least 20, 25, 20, hmm, wow, at least 20 years younger than Alex. Yeah. And I want to say hi. Oh, you didn't phrase that in the form of a question. I'm sorry. And she went to my high school. She was on my school bus. I was in really good friends with her brother. Yes. And she lives right down the street from my parents. You should have said hi. It would have been great because everyone's walking by Alex saying hi. Alex loved the show. That, that crap. And I wanted to go, hey, Jeannie, what's up? It would have freaked it out. Thank you. Thank you. Stay away from my girl. Right. But the flight out to LA blew. Yeah. For one reason. What? You're looking forward to that damn movie to help you out. Son of a bitch. Oh my God. Look, what? What are they, crazy? Who do they think is flying? Oh my God. Chick flick at 30,000 feet. It was painful. We were trapped. Doomed. With. Anna and the King. Anna and the King was the movie out to LA. Anna and the King. What about the way back? Well, I know. We'll get to the way back in a second. Anna and the King. Anna and the King. I'm like, oh, there's two hours I'm going to have to waste. Uh, uh, total chick flick. I looked around the plane. There were no chicks on the plane. No. There was maybe like 12. And not even a decent girl in the movie to look at. Jodie Foster. They only, they almost made up for it because right after that they had a really good honeymooners episode. I loved that. That was making me laugh. But that was only what, 20, 25 minutes. Like, ah. Grandma's delicious mystery appetizer. Right. Grandma's mystery deli- delicious mystery appetizer. You go to any supermarket. What do you see? The shelves are full of appetizers. Great episode. And then, uh, and then on the way back last night, we thought Anna and the King was bad. Oh my God. I thought maybe they'd redeem themselves. Okay. Chick flick on the way in. And when you go back, action film. Action film. Sure. I was looking forward to the film. What do we get, oh? Stuart Louis. Stuart Little. A kid flick. A kid movie. Chick flick and then kid movie. Do they think these things out? I don't think so. Look, we understand they have to fit certain criteria. You're not going to play Passenger 57 on the airplane. I understand. You know, we're not going to see reruns of Airport 79 or something. Crash footage from the FAA. Which would be fun to watch, but you know. Stuart Little. Stuart Little. So you look around the plane, you're like, well, obviously this is a flight filled with kids from Disneyland. No, there was one child. There was one child that was right behind Anthony. You know. Oh, stop. Shut up. No, I'm trying to watch Stuart Little. Bring it back, uh, Memories, Anthony. I was praying that we would go down. Oh, that could be the most annoying sound when you're 35,000 feet in the air. I'm convinced of it. Oh, it wouldn't stop. The kid must have cried for at least half the flight. He didn't friggin stop. Oh, I'm just going to be friggin blast out. You know something? I was saying it earlier. They should have sections of the airplane like they do on a ship, on a cruise ship. Now, obviously not everyone can afford first class. Uh, we couldn't. We got the coach. Right. But there should be sub-coach. Yeah. And all children should have to fly with their parents in sub-coach. Which is just a section of the plane full of screaming kids and anyone who decides they want to be with those screaming kids. Because you know something? I made a decision not to have children for that reason. So I could travel on a plane or anywhere I want without this. Right. And what do I get? Right behind me. Exactly behind me. Screaming kids. Not only the screaming, but his mother's trying to hold him and he's kicking. And what is he kicking, Opie? The back of my seat. So I'm feeling, I'm feeling the back of my seat go boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Just getting punched and kicked by an infant screaming in my ear. So then I have to turn Stuart Little up louder and louder in my ears. It was a nightmare. They should have steerage. They should have a compartment on the plane that looks like when they brought the slaves over where they're just laying down side by side. Children are in the lowest section of the airplane that they could possibly be in. Oh man. I didn't decide to sit near a child. I didn't have a child. I didn't bring a child onto a plane so it can annoy a plane load of people. Why isn't there a section of an airplane that is for people with children? The annoying frigging whining child section of the plane. Put it in the nose somewhere with the radar array. They should have put the kid next to the old Jews that were complaining the whole time. Oh my God. You guys noticed that? Nothing was good enough for that. Shut up. Nothing good enough. They bring out this special kosher meal. They go, oh what is this? It's not good enough. Why do I have an aisle? I run to the window seat. What is wrong with you? I wanted to stand up and make an announcement to the whole plane. I hate you all. The whole plane? Oh yeah. Oh okay. You just realize why you hate human nature when you're stuck in a plane for six hours. When that kid started wailing, everyone was looking at me. Everyone was looking at me. Rick looked over at me. Not looking at the kids at this point. Everyone in the center of the aisle was looking at me like, oh my God, this poor son of a bitch. Well your girlfriend is young. Yeah well, she wouldn't shut up. Wouldn't friggin shut up. I started humming baby wafers. I wanted to reach. I hope they were a fan of the show and get it real fast. I'm thinking if I take a small, a heavy object to her window, the cabin will depressurize and the kid will get stuck right out like a holiday ham. I'll buckle in. My gold finger. Oh yeah. We forgot to mention who was on our plane on the way back. On the way back? Yeah. That was cool seeing him. It was very cool. A real celebrity, rock guy. I remember seeing Rob D'Aleo from STP. Yeah. Coming in town to do some thanks. First class. He was in the middle of first class. He was right in the Captain Kirk chair of first class. You see that? There's one chair in first class. It's like, oh the chairs in first class are great. I guess they need ample room for the hookers they send in for you to give you hummers while you're drinking champagne. Yeah but you know what? That kid was so loud it didn't matter what class you were in. Yeah I know. Rob D'Aleo of STP heard exactly what we heard. Had to deal with that. Back in coach. But there's all the screaming babies. There's the cushy chairs in first class down the windows and then instead of an aisle where there's a bunch of chairs, there's like one chair. It's Captain Kirk's chair. I'm at the con. And he's looking at the, instead of looking at Stuart Little you know you see stars. A field of stars and look we're coming up on Rigel 7. It's Captain Kirk's chair. He was sitting in Captain Kirk's chair. Yeah and the huge movie screen is right in front of you. It's too bad that it was Stuart Little. He had to deal with Stuart Little too. We're backing up. They put another movie in first class? Oh it's porno. I think they get their choice of movies. It's porno. They get to watch porno and the stars are there to fluff them. The fluff girls are there. Man, Mr. Zulu, take us out of here. What's that good one? But it was Captain Kirk's chair. I told Rob I was a huge fan. I mean this new STP CD is very, very underrated. Number 4, there's some great tracks on this damn thing. When are they coming to town? Well Anthony, I guess there's a certain radio station teasing an appearance by STP. I guess they spent the whole weekend teasing the fact that there's going to be a surprise show by the Stone Temple Pilots tomorrow. He told us. And a big time radio announcer is going to be announcing this show tomorrow morning. Yeah. Well, we might as well break it right here. He told us. He did. So you could call up that station and say, why did you waste the whole weekend teasing the fact that the Stone Temple Pilots are playing Irving Plaza tomorrow night. Right from the band's mouth. Stone Temple Pilots Irving Plaza tomorrow night. That's the big announcement that a certain radio station wasted the whole weekend teasing. And it still hasn't been announced by them officially. So you could call them up and tease them. And tell them that they're a bunch of losers for wasting our time. If you guys ever want any info, you just call up the show. We'll tell you. Your pals on A. We don't need to tease stuff for like three or four days. We get it right from the band's mouth. That's right. On the flight back from LA. Oh, I believe some people are pissed now. Boy, what are the odds we'll be on the plane with the guy? Isn't that funny? We're on the plane with the guy. With Rob, the bass player of the Stone Temple Pilots. Irving Plaza tomorrow night. Irving Plaza tomorrow night. Stone Temple Pilots. That's the big announcement you've been waiting days for. They're going to be so pissed again. Right from the bass player's mouth. Hey, they didn't know who we were flying with. Call them up. They should have a pretty good reaction when you tell them that the Stone Temple Pilots are playing Irving Plaza tomorrow night. Ouch. Some tickets available. You might want to call Irving Plaza to see if you can get yourself a ticket before they announce it tomorrow. Where's Alex Trebek playing? Cool. Irving Plaza, huh? This can be as funny as the time we heard Jackie announce where the birthday party was going to be. Why are we always within earshot of secrets? Of big announcements. Yeah. And it's right from the people. Right from the horse's mouth. We never would have known this if the bass player of Stone Temple Pilots wasn't on the plane with us. So I come back and I tell a bunch of people, I saw Rob DeLeo on the plane and stuff. And a bunch of people are saying, you know, that's the big announcement that a certain station is doing tomorrow. Oh really? It was signed on last night. It wasn't that big an announcement on the plane. Frank, what's going on? Hello? Hey Frank, what's up? Yeah, dude, thanks so much for announcing that show. No problem, man. Because those bastards at K-Rock, they'll try to get you to do anything to listen to them. You know, a bunch of screwballs. They'll tease things for days. If you guys need anything, just give us a call. We'll tell you what's going on. Yeah. Simple as that. All right. All right. Thank you, Frank. All right. Thanks a lot. Stone Temple Pilots playing Irving Plaza to Bar Night. Who told you what Gorilla Radio was? It was Pals, Opie and Anthony. That's right. Looks like they don't have any show to do over there today. Ouch. What else are they going to do? They were going to just tease that announcement for the next 12 hours. What a stroke of luck. What a stroke of luck that Rob DeLeo was on our plane. Who saw that coming? Hey, Matt, what's up? Dude, the minute you guys go off on Friday, I switch to K-Rock. The whole weekend, Stone Temple Pilots, secret, secret, secret. I just got off work. I flip on 92K Rock. I hear, oh, blah, blah, blah. How about tomorrow morning? I flip on you guys with a long ride home back to the island. All the fun. I hear Irving Plaza on board. Oh, what? That is so rude. That is so rude. Oh, man, I can't wait. I cannot wait to listen to Martin Howard. I can't stand it, but I'm going to listen to him and see if anybody calls and tells him that you guys announced it. That's awesome. That is awesome. I don't think it's fair to tease your listeners for three or four days. It's a simple concert announcement. Stone Temple Pilots, Irving Plaza tomorrow night. They've been building it up so much. They've given away free tickets and you've got to call like 305 or whatever, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Blah, Casrria San Literally Los Outos A good day New York, I, Mayor Quimby, would like to be your Senator. If elected, I would use your tax dollars to put Opie and Anthony on radio stations across this great land. Syndication now. Anthony, Priceline.com. Priceline. Too bad you can't name your own price for concert tickets. Yes. Yes. Priceline.com. That's a bit very big. Yeah. If the day doesn't go by, I'll be someone announcing some big new internet thing. So here it is. You ready? You ready? Yeah. Priceline is bigger than that. It's on the internet, you know. And you can name your own price for groceries. Hey, we know this. Wait a minute. I thought it was going to be something new. Oh, people know this already. You go to the stores you shop at, you can name your own price for groceries with Priceline.com. Go to their website, Priceline.com. Name your own price for everything you buy. Beef, chicken, soda, cereal, coffee, diapers, whatever the hell you need. And you can save up to half off your grocery bill. Half off. What are you waiting for? Why don't you do this? Shop wherever you shop. A&P ShopRite, Walbond's, King Collin, Gristini's, Dagestino Food Emporium, hundreds and hundreds of stores, wherever you shop. And name your own price for groceries with Priceline.com. First airline tickets, now groceries up to half off. Log on to Priceline before you go to the store. Priceline for groceries. It's bigger than big. O.P. and Anthony, 1027 WNEW. Train wreck radio, ain't that the truth. You never know what's going to happen when you listen to the O.P. and Anthony show. Keep your hands and feet inside the cars at all times. Captain Kirk checking in. Yeah. James T. Kirk checking in. I need film temple pilot tickets so I called Priceline.com while listening to my favorite radio show, the O.P. and Anthony show, my concert connection. Yowch. Greg from Newark. Guys, welcome back. Welcome back. We were gone a day. One lousy day. What is your opinion of the new morning show? How can you have an opinion? They just started. I didn't hear them this morning. I haven't heard them yet. We were in L.A. yesterday and then I was sleeping this morning. I didn't even want to get up. Sorry, that sounded too good. I needed to crank that for a second there. Go ahead. I always set my alarm a little early there so I could wake up, catch a little dust, see NBC, Squawk Box, see what the market is going to be doing and then get on the computer. I was just so beaten by last week and yesterday and then today. I didn't even want to trade. I popped online for a little bit. I'm just like, huh, what? Big recovery though. Look at this. Nasdaq only down 70 points. We need to get stockbroker Dave on the phone in about 15 or 20 minutes because it must have been just a wild scene on the floor today. But the morning show, I mean you guys. God, man. It brings back memories because when Ant and I started here about two years ago, people wanted our heads. No one wanted to give us a chance. All we ask is you guys give the new shows a chance before you make your opinion. I was reading some email saying, yeah, the morning show sucks. You can't make an opinion on something you've heard once so far. Unbelievable. It takes a good couple of weeks just to get situated in your new environment. Here was us when we first got here. Hi, it's Opie and Anthony. It's our first day on the air. Let's get to know the listeners. Take a call. You suck. Play the music. Shut up. We hate you. Go away. Thank you. You guys really suck. We didn't even have a chance to suck yet. We wanted to. Just to make it even worse, then they would request a really bad classic rock song. Yeah. You guys suck. Can you play some Super Tramp? Super Tramp. You guys really blow? I didn't even know why you were on the air. You're not entertaining. If anything, did you just put Bungle in the Jungle on? Right. So that's our stance on all the shows here. Give them a chance. You know, the funny thing is- Play some Marshall Tucker, man. Right. Can't you see? Marshall Tucker. Remember when Stephen Sue started, Anthony? Yeah. Who? Stephen Sue. The Manson and Kaczynski morning show. They are long gone. Yeah. They got their little boxes and had to clean out their desk. Clean out the desk thing and everything? Kind of sad to see some more people leave this place. I read some stuff on his website that he was blaming the old regime. Old regime? Yeah. Now there's no one to blame. Right. That's it. I was reading some of the stuff on his website and I'm like, I've got to give him that one. Because he had told us this too. He tried getting out of his contract before he even took the airwaves. Because he knew that it was a mess. He realized. Yeah. He saw there was no plan. We have talked about this before. Our boss told us there was this master plan and we finally realized like a month after we were hired that there was no plan. Let's make sure everyone realizes this is the old boss we're talking about. Right. We enjoy the new bosses so far. But in time it will piss us off too. Yeah. So the old regime hires Steve and puts him with Sue and tries to get a morning show going underneath all these restrictions that the old regime had. And Steve was just like, Oh my God. There's no plan. I want out of my contract. He sat down to dinner with our old bosses and said, Look, I want out of this now. And they were just like, No, no, you go and do show, blah, blah, blah. So but the only thing is once you're put in that position, you have to perform and do your show. You got to make the best of it. Right. Make the best of it. Like what we did, we just said we're not going to give two flying F's what they say and we're going to do our show. If they fire us, they fire us. If we do well, we did well on our terms. If we bombed, we bombed on our terms. Yes. I don't think he took it to the level he wanted to take it. He backed down, I think, to some of the bosses. Well, and the show just got the best of the poor kid. Yeah. Remember when we went first went to lunch with this guy? Oh my God. He was a slim guy. He was he was straight energy. He was straight from California. Where was he working? LA, San Diego, one of those places. We take him to lunch to get to know the guy. And yeah, he looks young and vibrant. He was thin. He was and he was ready to, you know, come to New York and kick ass. Right. You know, we had some bad blood between us as time went on. So I decided not to run into him on purpose. Yeah. The other day I finally ran into him one of his last days here. Oh my God. Didn't even recognize him. This place almost killed that guy. It really did. He must have gained 50 pounds. He was saying on his website that he gave him a bleeding ulcer and made him depressed clinically. He put down on his website. So it was like, oh my, oh my God, this place almost killed him. Almost killed him when I saw him coming out of the elevator. It was last week. I honestly felt really bad. I'm like, man, this place just took its toll on this guy. All of a sudden I thought there was a WC Fields impersonator on the on the floor. It was, oh no, it was Steve. He looked like a tick. Drunk man. He looked like a tick. He just like, he had depressions. Loompa. Yeah. Loompa. Looked like what the Loompa Loompas were pushing around. Man. God damn, that's a mess. I wish them nothing but the best. I hope they both find peace and happiness away from this place. At least they're in a better place. They are in a better place. I think he's blaming the good humor man. The good humor man. Is that the official name for our old boss? What? The good humor man? The ice cream man? Mr. Softy. But remember way back then we told everyone to give the new, you know, Stephen Seward chance. It turned out that they did suck. Yeah. But yeah, but before you make that opinion, you guys got to give the new shows a couple months. Right. Well you do. And a few of the shows have been here almost a couple of months. So. What are you saying? People are making their judgments ready? Judgments are ready? I've heard nothing but positive so far. So by. Because I think you could hear it coming through the radio that everyone here really wants to win and they're working their asses off. Yeah. To be successful. A big difference than what we had when we first got here. Oh hell yeah. People that were just like, you know, cash in their paychecks. Cash to check. That's what it's all about. They could care less about ratings. Hence the last place performance of this radio station. And then with the bosses that were in place, it just, it went on and on. It wouldn't end. But like, when are these people getting fired? When are they going to bring in some new blood? Where's the energy? Oh, don't worry. It's right around the corner. Oh my God. We're in the new millennium. Yeah. Hall. Hall. This was supposed to happen years ago. Now you walk down the hall like we were saying earlier. Energy. People running in and out of offices. People running. I don't know what they're doing, but it looks like they're keeping busy at least, which is smart. The other people didn't even try to make it look like they were busy. I think I actually saw Earl working just to try to keep up. They're going to be on to us soon. We're going to have to start working. Because in the past we realized what we were surrounded with. So we're like, what are these guys doing? We're putting half an effort and it'll look great. But I have a feeling we're going to have to start hustling around here. TJ, what's up? Hey guys. I called up K-Rock before the Fat Boy over there announced the concert date. And they have some ladies screaming the calls. I don't even know if she's even on the air over there. I got it on the speakerphone so I set up a recorder. No, no, no. We'll get in trouble. We'll get in trouble. No, no, no, no. We already announced that big concert announcement. Yeah, don't worry about it. The other station will give it to you in 15 hours from now. Stone Table Pilots at Irving Plaza. Big secret show being announced tomorrow. Ouch. Think ahead and call Irving Plaza to see if there's tickets available. Next time they want to do a secret show they're going to have to make sure they put the band on private planes. No member of any of the surprise bands should be on the airplane with opium in their hands. When they fly from L.A. to New York for this show at Irving Plaza. Thank you, Rob DeLeo. Rob DeLeo sitting right there in first class as we're walking on the plane. Hey Rob! What are you doing? Love the new album. STP is great. You guys rock. What are you coming to New York for? Really? You're doing a show at Irving Plaza? Really? Wednesday night? Isn't that amazing? Oh, Ken, no. We're going to announce that on our show. Cool. In all fairness, we were oblivious to what was going on because we were in L.A. and it turned out that a certain radio station teased the fact that Stone Table Pilots were playing at Irving Plaza tomorrow night. They teased it all weekend long. Big huge concert announcement tomorrow morning. They're going to start sequestering bands before the concert. Yeah so if you're trying to lop a head off over there, some poor sap that's making $2 an hour in promotions, it wasn't. No, not this time anyway. Yeah, don't worry about it. What? I didn't say anything. Alright, quick break. We've got to get into other things here, okay? Yes. I'm very excited about Stone Table Pilots playing at Irving Plaza tomorrow. Absolutely. Hoping to get myself a ticket. Yeah, right. Or stupidity on the way. Hey, Anthony Paizano of Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. We love Paizano. Yeah, I believe you have time to go down there tomorrow for a nice Italian meal before you go to the Stone Table Pilots show at Irving Plaza tomorrow. Yeah, if you want to do that, that would make for a great night. Get a bite to eat at Paizano and then you head over to the secret STP show at Irving Plaza tomorrow night. I think that would be a lot of fun. That would be great. We love Paizano. We're there all the time. Someone from the show is there. I think if not eating, sweeping the floors or washing the windows. Something incredible, authentic Italian cuisine made from real old world Italian recipes brought over by Joey's family many years ago on the Nina the Pinta and the Santa Maria. That's right. The forces are huge. You alright, Ant? Oh, I'm fine, Hoping. I'm just reading through this. I don't think I've ever read the copy. Oh, really? I know there's some interesting things in this copy. The portions at Paizano are huge. Incredible pasta lunch specials too. He's been advertising with us for a year. We've never mentioned that they have great lunch specials. Great lunch specials. I think that's something you might want to mention if you're doing a live read for Paizano of Mulberry Street. You're doing some business down there in Little Italy around that area. You want to stop in for lunch? They have incredible pasta lunch specials at Paizano. I never even thought of that. I thought maybe for dinner you go down there, but lunch. Joey must look at the numbers and go, man, the advertising with Opie and Anthony is doing great. My business at night is unbelievable. What about the daytime? But for some reason lunch is still not showing any results from these live reads. Lunch at Paizano. Lunch at Paizano. Go ahead. Alright, and the big news, Ant, if you go down there, you see Joey, you tell him, hey, Joey, Opie and Anthony sent me and he will give you a glass of wine in the house, okay? Even during lunch? I believe so, yes. Oh, how about that? And take it from me, their wine list is really, really good. Yeah. Really good. It's Paizano of Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. Give them a call, 965-1188. That's 965-1188. It's the ONA show. Trying to get ahold of us today. 2127571027. We need to get stockbroker Dave on the line. Having a hard time getting through to him, so if anyone knows stockbroker Dave, tell them to call us immediately. I guess the stock market made an incredible comeback in the last hour and a half of trading, Anthony. An unbelievable comeback. Now, when we checked it just before 2 o'clock, 1.30ish, the Dow and the Nasdaq were down close to 600 points, right? Yeah, the Nasdaq was down like 600 and the Dow down in the fives. We closed with the Dow down 46 points. That's an incredible comeback. 11175 and the Nasdaq closes down 74 points. That's it. 4148. What the hell changed in the last two hours of trading? A lot of people picking up some bargains, I think. But if you ask me, these aren't the stable people buying into these stocks at those low prices. Like all of a sudden they got pushed up. Some of these stocks were down, I swear to God, like 30 points and they close even today or up. You know what that means? They're saturated with day traders and people that scoop these things up at a bargain. This thing's going to go up and down and up and down for a while now. Do you expect to see a sell-off tomorrow morning, Anthony? I think some of these things, yes. A lot of the people that bought into these at bargain basement prices are going to see that they've made some cash and pull out, push it back down and then people are going to buy back in. It's going to go back up. I think a lot of the mutual fund people and whatnot pulled out of these things. A lot of the stability that was there for a while, they pulled out and it's replaced with people like me. If I see I've made a couple of grand, gone. Mr. Moore, Jay Moore in the studio. How are you doing, Jay? Hi, guys. I was going to let you finish your Nasdaq speech. I was just trying to balance out the... I gave you a nice rub on the back. ...very big day in the market today. Trying to balance out our show topic. You're still playing the market. Are you day trading like a back-head still? Yeah. Hold on. We've got stockbroker Dave, the guy that's on the floor. Dave! Yes, this is CNBC live from the floor. Yeah, sure. The biggest jerk off in the world. We have Jay Moore in the studio too, stockbroker Dave. Hi, Jay. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you. When you get to come down to the floor and say hi to all your adoring fans. I'm on my way. After it's closed, crazy man. It's probably lit up. Oh, sorry about that. I know you had a weird day, Dave, but stop the cursing. Unbelievable. And as far as Jay Moore making to the floor, I don't think Jay gets up before 4 o'clock. So that ain't happening. Of course, there's not many bags out here. Wow. I don't wear homophobic or anything. So, stockbroker Dave, what the hell happened today? It's over. The carnage is over. Oh, you think so, huh? It's over, Anthony. What a finale to the carnage, though. Unbelievable. How many people did you see plummeting past windows today? The NASDAQ was down 500 points. 500 points? 500 points. He's down 74. He's on the second floor. A miraculous turnaround. Yeah, I threw myself out the window earlier, but I was on the first floor. I just fell into some bushes and kind of scraped myself. So what the hell happened at the end of the day there? The market was actually up 20 points. And I finished down 46 points. And then the carnage is over. Yeah? Get back into the water. Oh, yeah? The water is fine, Anthony. The water is fine. The correction is over. Let me tell you something. This has to come back so bad for me to even break even, my friend. Look, Jay can't, so it don't matter. Tell me about it. Half a nothing at this point. I got to tell you something. All last week, I was saying, this has to be the bottom. Has to be. Oh, buy in now. This has to be the bottom. You've seen it. It just kept going. And then today, it just opened up and totally crashed. Traded down to $36.50. The NASDAQ, $36.50. They were just celebrating $5,000. What fact do you have? I have a stock that is not yippee. And some wacky auction site that I guess it rhymes with Seagay. Wednesday Gay? Wednesday Gay. Don't say that next to Jay. Don't say that next to Jay. Oh, that's a $23, Anthony. Yeah, I noticed. That's why I'm still here and not in tears. I actually had a good day. Hey. That saved his ass. Hey, so Dave, is word on the floor that Jay Moore's a homosexual? That's what I hear in New York. I don't have to come down there and like, how do you like- And F them? I'll prove I'm not gay by knocking people out and having sex with them. Hey, hey. Marco, enough. How do you get in here again? Hey. Is there anything wrong with it? There is something wrong with it. It hurts. Only if you receive. Exactly. Let me do that again. So Dave, you guys survived down there, man. Barely. Oh, hope. It's incredible. Everyone was running around today. You know what's great? You go on some of the message boards on like, RagingBull.com. And everyone was blaming everybody. At one point, I think Opie and Anthony were being blamed for the crash. I swear to God, people have lost everything and felt compelled to write it on a message board. There goes my life savings and my children's education. Thank you, Alan Greenspan. Like Greenspan came over, grabbed this guy's cash and put it in something.com. Amazing. Azbeck, was it like $2,500 in August? Yeah. I think I got the $5,200. I think I figured 20% correction, like 1,000 points, which should have gone to like 42. No, it fell through all of the support levels. All support levels. He said that like Tom Likus. Come on. Did you hear him? He just said it. It fell through all the support levels. All the support levels. That's right. Here's a squawk box every morning. Oh, yeah. I couldn't even bear to turn it on this morning. After yesterday, I'm saying to myself, I'm going, why doesn't the Nasdaq just crash 1,000 points in one day? And let's get back to recovery. What's this 200 points one day, 180 the next, 300? Just do it all in a day. But today was the day, Anthony. Yeah, I guess it was. So you're feeling much better about it? It's over. That's it, huh? Like when you pop the zip right on your cheek. Right, it starts getting better. It was hurting. It was festering, painful. Gone. OK, well, I hope so. It's over. Let's just say I hope so. Any heart attacks on the floor today? No, but we thought one guy was. Really? Yeah, we really did. My clerk said, I think this guy's going to be freaking hard tonight. Oh, man. It's pretty stressful down there. Just on a regular day, you guys are all stressed out. There was so much paper going in and out of the hands. What a recovery today, though. Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Anthony, I'm not kidding. It's healthy. I didn't think I'd see something like this. It leads me to believe that there's some unstable investments here. It's not the institutions that are invested in these things now. It's a bunch of people with laptops. Yeah, I told you. I was just stopping and walking. The landscaper who cuts my lawn comes over and he's fully invested. Many bargains today, many bargains. You've got to be kidding me. This is what's driving the market? Yeah. Well, the UPS guys, they trade in between deliveries now. Yeah. Amazing. They've got a fortune on their IPO. Yeah. I literally feel like I'm listening to a conversation between the premiere of Japan and the premiere of Korea. This is like, because I've got nothing. Jay, it's not all about anal sex. Right. No, I know. I've got to balance out the show topic. No, no, I completely understand. That's why I'm laying low. Right. I'm just saying. That's what it is. When Jay's in the studio, he just talked about fags. The next week, it's about fags. What do you do with your cash? You put it in your mattress, your new Stearns & Foster. I keep all my cash under my Rockaway bedding mattress. No, I got like way back when, when I was like 18, I got like 30 grand in IDS. And that just stayed the same. Then I pulled out of there because the guy got weird on me. So that stayed the same. And then I got like half a million in bonds to King. Oh, those things. Like old lady. Like my grandmother does. Exactly. I know. No, no, exactly. You're a young guy. It's time for some risk. Well, now that I got half a mil stuck away, now I can piss away 10 grand. OK, you buy 8 cfp. Come on, we're not happy unless everyone's losing. Why? But you guys are all taking dimes. It's not fun to drink alone. The market fell 100 points and I made 10 grand yesterday. Come on, it's time to get in. Come on. Come on. The water's fine. There's some bargains out there. Bargains. Yes. I want you to come by my house and give me like the real scoop. Forget that insider training below. Come on up. I'll put some champagne on ice for you. We'll put on some Schindler's Fist, some gay porn. Dune buddies. Some of the earlier Peter North stuff. Hey, hey, Marco enough. Hey. Last night, Dean O'Cola was on stage for, I think we timed it, it was six seconds. Somebody just went, FBI! Six seconds. And he goes, all right. He goes, let's get this out of the way. And the old B and Anthony fans here. And the place absolutely went bananas. Classic. We'll get to all that later. We had Stephen Lynch come up too. Cool. All right. And he played it. Get out. Lynch played FBA last night? Stephen Lynch played full blown A. Get out of here. Extended version. Oh, that bastard. It was under the name Richard Bachman. He would not use his. Burt Buccarat. All right. All right, Dave, we're going to finish up. Softlight underbelly. All right, Dave. I'm calling him Richard. His name's Dave. I'm calling him Richard all day. I thought it was a joke. Stock market Dave. Stockbroker Dave. I apologize, Dave. I just woke up. He's the man on the floor, man. All right. The market was in turmoil. The free world, as we know, was thrown in turmoil as you were snoozing. Yeah. In that case. You had no idea. Who's the jackass? Yeah, you're right. I was sound asleep. I had Savannah right across my nose. I had Savannah across my nose. I had Chacey Lane downstairs. I'm gone. All right. Hey, Dave, thanks a lot. Very nice speaking to you, as always. Definitely. Dave, call me. All right, be well, guys. All right, man. Love you, Dave. I hate you, Dave. Sexy. Hey! Stockbroker Dave. There he goes. He says the carnage is over. Today was the last little blast. All I took from that is that he thinks I'm gay. Because I don't know any stock market stuff. That might have been a surer bet than what he said about the stock market. Oh, god. All right. And we got to take a quick break, and then we'll get into the J-more plug next. Cool. Rascals, tomorrow. Wink or bet, we'll be there with Vinnie Tessiverdi tomorrow. I will. A gigantic boombox is coming down the street. Hand me the RPG7. OK, and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. I like it. I know for the like it. J-more in the studio played Rascals last night. I heard it was a great, great show. Steven Lynch played full blown AIDS. Wait, right off the bat, though, I have a problem with you. What? Milwaukee Bucks hat? Why would you wear a Bucks hat? Because it's cool. What do you really like in the NBA? The Knicks. And why are you wearing a Bucks hat? Because it's green, it's got the antlers, it looks cool. Because I'm gay, all right? And look at his hat. Look at his hat. You can't front another hat. Yeah, but you don't. Dad likes it. Support the Knicks. I did support the Knicks. I used to support the Knicks with a Bucks hat. I support the Knicks when I pay good money to go watch Patrick Ewing finger roll when he should dunk. Eight. They got there. Well, you know what? You know what? That's what Patrick Ewing does to the Knicks fans, though. He pisses us off. Wow. He's expecting to get re-signed. Yeah, 18 million. Shaq handed it to him over the weekend. And he backed down in front of Shaq. Shaq's a monster, man. Lakers made us look stupid yesterday. You are stupid. The whole East is stupid. Two days ago, I should say. Jay, is this how you felt when we were talking about the Stock Market? I'm out of it. That's out of the basketball discussion. That's more gay than anything else to be out of sports. I didn't say sports. I said basketball. I have no love for basketball whatsoever. So it looks like the cocaine is helping out Shane Spencer. He had a big bomb last year. Hey, how about that? How about that? They say Shane Spencer does a lot of blow. That's why he had the problem with his heart last year. Well, let's say allegedly. Allegedly. Thank you. I'm just telling you what I heard. Some reports. As you guys know, I'm on the inside. It's too early to start talking about baseball. Who cares? You got to let them play 50 games before you get into it. Every team wins 50. Every team loses 50. It's what you do with the other 50 to me. That's right. You know who said that? Who? I just said it. No. I've heard that before. Yeah, I think it was Buck Showalter, actually. So who wins the NBA title this year? Jay Moore. Lakers. Yeah. They're too big, too strong. Yeah. I don't think anybody. I think the East is just a joke. The Knicks right now would be a seven seed in the West. Does Indiana have a shot? No. No, I don't think so. OK. It's kind of sad. Is it? Lakers just running away with it. And they're looking. They are? They've lost one game in 27, something ridiculous like that. Is that bad? I have no idea. Why? Well, you know what it is. And they get so many touchdowns that nobody can compete with them, do they? Do they? Yeah. Hmm. All right. Why do I have a Bucks cap on? What hat is that you got on? It's just an Abercrombie stupid hat I got on. I'm looking at advertising some fag company. But it doesn't say Abercrombie. It just says, what does it say? 1862 or whatever. It's got their number on it. I knew it was an Abercrombie hat. It's better than a Bucks hat. No, it's not. No one wears Bucks merchandise. Exactly. That's how cool I am. You're not. I'm rolling around in a Bucks cap. People are like, why are you wearing a Bucks cap? That's how cool I am. Wear that Bucks cap on stage tonight. You're not modest, you are. Wear the Bucks cap on stage. It'll get booed right off the stage. I would, but my hair looks too cool. My hair is gone. Oh yeah, OBJ, start a fight. Now, we have a couple other guys that want a piece of you today. That would last long, me and OB. What? I would take you on. Would you give me a better fight than Anthony did? You're cursing all over the place today. You're just cursing. Well, I just woke up. This is how we get going. Yeah, dude, you look at it, man. Your eyes are shying. Nyquil. Hey, Andy's got that white trash inner rage. And that one is? Jeez, thank you for the compliment, Jay. I think that was a compliment, Ed. All right, let's move on to something else. I handed the article over to Anthony on the plane yesterday. Banking on that spacey bean in that movie, huh? Come on. Are they done filming the movie? No, I'm still filming it. I just got a two week break. Oh, really? Let me fight it. Let me fight it anywhere. Did you just scream when he won? Absolutely. Come on. I was at the improv in Tempe. And I told you guys, I swear to God, I'm on stage in Tempe, Arizona. And somebody goes, Mapa Hawaii! And I did a wily coyote-fied Drupal take. Like, burr, burr, burr. Triangular mohawk. I'm like, are you an 0-8 fan? And eight people are like, whaaaa! Arizona? Exactly. They were on vacation. They tracked me down. They're hunters. We ran into some of our listeners in Anaheim over the weekend. You guys are global, man. Well, I was upstairs watching the Oscars in the green room. And the Oscar goes to it. And I'm like, they're going to give it to Denzel. Son of a bitches. They're going to give it to Denzel. And I couldn't even look at the screen. And they go, Kevin Spacey for me. And I just stood up. And I walked downstairs. I was going, I'm in a hit movie. I'm in a hit movie. I'm in a hit movie. The kid from Sixth Sense should have won, though. Tom Cruise should have won. I heard his performance was good. You didn't see it? No. When you see it, you won't even believe it. It's the sickest thing I've ever seen. Really? Speaking of Kevin Spacey, though, all that thing that was in the choir, was it, or the Globe? Which one? One of the rag magazines. One of the rags. Some very interesting pictures of Kevin Spacey. With who? Leaving his, I guess, a hotel room or apartment. It says right on the cover, proof that he's gay or something like that. Finally, they got proof. Oh, a restaurant with some male model. 21 or 22-year-old. They go up to this little hilltop in this park. And there's this telephoto lens. I mean, you could probably see the Luna module on the moon with this lens that they were using. Hubble. Yeah, it was the Hubble lens. So it's blurry. But you could tell it was them. And it's like, here they are. Here's Kevin giving him a little full body massage. Here they are rolling around. And then you just see him laying down, like, one of the guys. Kevin's arm over the guy. Cuddling. Cuddling. Wow. A little horse play on the top of this hill. And then they walk down a couple hours later. And Kevin with his head laying in his lap. And the kids laugh. Well, maybe it was his nephew. Yeah, right? I asked him flat out. Really? He said no. We were at a, uh. We were having sex. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Jokes on him. Jokes on him because I'm not in the game. No, we were playing blackjack. It was me, him, Helen. Is that what you call it? Me, him, Helen, Hunt. Hey! Marco, enough. Backjack. Black. Blackback. Blackback. Sorry. You're playing black crack. Black. Black. Black. It was me, him, Helen, Hunt, and Mike Myers at a blackjack table. Yeah. And I go, uh, did you ever get a hold of Tom Juneau, the guy in Esquire magazine that wrote that like butcher job on him? And he goes, no. And if I did, I'd punch him in his face. I go, that was awful. Because it was fiction. I go, it was worse than fiction. It was just like bad. And I go, well, are you? He goes, what? I go, are you? And he goes, am I gay? No. And I went, all right. All right. Well, you got to see these pictures. Maybe he was losing and gay. But he meant happy. Someone run out and get that. I think it's, uh. No, I left them on the plane. Yeah? It's one of the rag magazines. It says right on the cover that there's pictures. No, no, of course. What? Did I miss something? No, you asked him face to face. And he said no. Whatever assumptions you want to, uh. I asked him. Draw? How's that Helen Hunt look these days? Looking good. No, she's not. Does she, yeah? She's playing like a white trash teacher, like in the outskirts of Vegas. Yeah. Not a teacher. He's the teacher. She's like the single mom bartender, like white trash. Right. Like sunburned single mom. Very hot, sexy clothing. Really? Looking good, huh? Full tan. I saw that other rag magazine with her pictures in it. Another telephoto job where she was wearing a thong. Yeah, wearing a thong. Not bad. Not bad. Not bad for Helen Hunt, you know. All right, let's go to Darren. Darren, what's up? It's not the first on the list when you're thinking of hot Hollywood, you know. Darren? Yeah. Hey. Hey. Is there going to be a love scene between J. Moore and Kevin Spacey in the new movie? Yes. Man. You got a reputation. Oh, man. All right, thank you, Darren. Later. I can't wait to kiss a few guys. You drive a Miata and what have you. I can't wait to get my hot wife in here. Yeah. Oh, man, what's up? Yeah, none of us have ever seen any. Hold on, why? Take your, remember the last time you were going to come in, you said, I'll come in tomorrow before I go back to LA, and I'll bring my wife. We're going to find one for you. Who'd you bring? Do you need a call? Oh. Manny, let's go to you. What's going on? Hey, how's it going? You guys are great, man. I went to the J. Moore show last night, and at the end of the show, I had some words autographed, and he just took off on me. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Come on. It was hard to do it on the front row. Manny, I'm sorry. Where are you in the front? Oh, you were the guy in the front row. Yeah, I think you're the best. But you had a tan shirt on. Yeah. Yeah, well, you know what it is? All right. I have no excuses. What they do is they like, you see the bouncers. They walk you to and from the stage. Yeah. And they just take you to the back of the room, and you have a water, and you relax for a second. And then usually, the people that hang around, I go back out, and I sign autographs. Oh, I thought you just took off. No, if I stand there, I won't be able to leave the room for another hour. You know, because 500 people in the room. Yeah, that's true. I apologize. Hey, go on hold, and give Rick or somebody your address, and I'll send you a picture or something. Nice. Great. All right, hold on, Manny. Thanks. All right, you got the pictures? No, that's a picture of Helen Hunt's thong sticking out of the top of her. Yeah. It don't look bad. It looks fantastic. It's not bad. What are you talking about? Who's this guy? I mean, she's hot. Gary Busey swears he's changed his ways after finding God. But he's still wacko. Does Michael Myers have anything to do with the Mike Myers, to do with the movie you're in? No. His wife is really good friends with Helen. So he was hanging around. Where's the Kevin Spacey pictures? It's not in that one. We're going to buy it. Someone ran out to get it immediately. Celine butchered her hair off. You see those pictures? Pretty funny. Is it Celine? Yeah. With her camel tone? You see that thing? She is so disgusting. When she wears those jumpsuits, you just see like these knobs hanging off her pelvis. Has she married her grandfather? Uh-uh. Yeah. Joey's on the line saying that you snubbed him last night. Jay, you are getting a bad rap, man. What the hell is this? Joey! You! Joey Paisano! What's up, guys? Jay snubbed you last night? I came with my wife. I drove an hour and a half from Long Island just to see him. Nothing. You know, Joey. Not even a hello. Oh my god! Why didn't you come back after the show, moron? Oh, moron! You better watch what you say. What are you, insane? No, no. I'm saying. He goes, this is what Joey does first. First of all, I called you today at the restaurant, and I called you Friday when I came in. I called you at the restaurant. They're like, no, he's only here during the day. He's only here. First of all, why don't you get somebody to speak freaking English to answer the telephone? Oh my god. There we go. Listen, you guinea dago greaseball. I don't care how many of you come out of the woodwork. I'm not putting him in that picture. Come in here with your olive oil skin and your guinea chum. No, but they're not even Italian. They're like, one guy's from Egypt. Well, listen, my mick kraut friend. Joey, I called you. I called you. Are you leaving the show tonight? Oh, no. This is what it's come to. Good night, everybody. Oh, god. Wait, that's not part of the show. Leave the gun. Take the canola. Yeah. It'll be behind the tank. Oh, Jay Moore? You won't see him no more. I think my Dean of Cola might have to headline Wednesday. Joey, I called you three times. And all three times? No, I know. I know. I win, y'all. That's a kiss of death right there. Yeah, I know. I know. See, it's it. It's over. I hope you have that easy pass going back to Rascals tonight. Yeah. If only Sonny had easy pass. That's right. I can't believe you and Eileen didn't come back and say hi. Your family. We couldn't get back to the balance of wooden letters. I'm Joey Paisano, a friend of Jay's. And then they come back and go, Joey Paisano. I go, yes, bring him back. All right. I called you three times. All three times. No, Joey only worked during the day. That's OK. Joey, go home and do a clock. Joey, go home and do a clock. You go down to Paisano tonight. Yeah, Steve Lynch came over. He said hello. I was going. Ah, Lynchy. Man. Lynch probably wanted a free glass of wine right there. I know. Lynch is a drunk. He goes down there for the freaky auntie. Well, Jay, go down to Paisano tonight. Maybe he'll have a table in the corner with Sergeant McCluskey. Maybe Michael can join you. You know, I'm in trouble. We're all sitting there. Joey goes, I'm going to speak a dying to Jay. I have to go to the bathroom. Scusatemi. Scusatemi. Agirio Gabanetta. That was Italian for me. I used the bathroom. Joey, no! Joey, what are you doing? Ow, ow. Man, you're a bad shot. I'm over here. You've been beaten with the fried ravioli, Van. You've done it twice. OK. All right, guys. Good to have you back. All right, Joey. Great show last night, Jack. Oh, I feel bad, man. Don't worry about it, man. I'm always busting on you. Don't worry. You'll feel worse. Joey, you were on the list, right? Yeah, I was in. I appreciate it. Free tickets and he's still busting my car. And now let's say you're on the list too or a contract or something similar to a list. I took care of him. I put him on the list. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I took care of him. I put him on the list. You know, we don't call it a list. Four tickets. That's 100 bucks right there. Jay's wife, Deena Kohler, just walked in. What? He told me about this mystery wife also. You haven't seen her either? No. I showed you our wedding picture. Do you have it with you, Jay? No, I showed him and Eileen the wedding picture. All right. No, you showed me your niece. Oh, that's right. It's the same girl. That's what I thought. That's what I thought. That's what I thought in case the cops pull us over. All right, he's waking up, ladies and gentlemen. If that's a fat guy, I'm leaving. No. Yeah, this is... Joey, you know Fat Guy, right? I do. I punch him. His name is Clemenza. Fat Guy has a problem with Jay Moore and he's here to confront him. Is that him? How much do you want? No, we have a lot of fat guys around here, but no. That's Kevin. That's Big Kevin. All right. All right, Joey. I need you on my side after tonight. After today. Oh, yeah, now you're going to ask for a favor? Come on. You come here on the day of my daughter's birthday. Come on, you snub him. I didn't snub him. That guy's a brand new father. The guy drove an hour to get there. He got in for free, no problem, no hassle. How many free meals has Joey given you? Oh, my God. Two. Two? Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Two. Ponderous, man. Ponderous. Only when I bring a celebrity with me. I drink for a bet, it's free. I bring, you know, I bring Daniella, it's like, that's $75. And please tip the Egyptian busboy, it goes by Giovanni. The guy's from Egypt, Joey. Why is his name Giovanni? His name's Pete. His name's Pete. We like Pete. You know Pete? Yeah. Yeah. Jay, I'm sitting in the car to pick you up tonight. Hello, Jay. Sit in the front of me. Yeah, sit in the front. Clemenza will sit behind you. Where you at? Good sneakers that can go through the windshield. Hello, Carlo. Hello, Carlo. Great. No, Billy, I owe him one. All right, Joey. Joey Pizzano, delicious Italian food. There he goes. All right, guys, I'll see you. There he goes. So long. Peace. And if you go up to... Oh, my God. What the hell's wrong with you? You're a good guy. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What the hell's wrong with you? If you go up to Joey and say, hey, Jay snubbed you, you get a free glass of wine if I'm not. Yeah, that's right. Hey, John, what's up? John? John? All right. Hello. John? Ponderous. He's out. F-ing ponderous, man. We'll take one more call, then we've got to take a break. Let's go to another John. John, what's going on? How you doing? Great. Hey, I wanted to ask Jay what it was like to deal around with Jennifer Aniston in that movie, Picture Perfect. Oh, that was on TV last night. Picture Perfect. It was on opposite the NCAA. I know. You can't catch a break out of it. I think those are the same people that put action opposite Frasier. You know she's Greek, Jay. I know she is Greek. She's got a nice whale eye. I hear Greek chicks stink. They stink down there? Yeah. I don't, I won't. They smell like pee. Oh my God. Did you, uh? No, she hated me. She hated you. She absolutely hated me. Now why? Really? Because Jerry Maguire wasn't even like out yet. I was literally just a stand-up comic. So? So I think she wanted- Because she's got that kind of attitude? No, I think she went her defense. It was her first movie with her name above the title. I think she wanted like a big star opposite her to help sell tickets. And the director's like, no, this is the guy. And she's like, what about Matthew Broderick or a bald one, you know? Wow. Where's that? Oh, they stink. What? What? Would you like it to stink, John? Really? Thank you. A stalker. So would I, actually. She was really hot when I worked with her. She didn't lose the weight yet, so she still had the nice big ass. Yeah, nice thumpa. Big old ass. Ice cream scooper. Do it from behind. Bike in it. You park your bike in there. All right, do it from behind. You put your drink up there. Put your bowling trophy on there. Show off. It's a bike rack. You park your bike in there. That's great. Anthony, on the answer feedback, Monkey from Long Island. Where the hell is Fat Guy? Let's get this party started. Are you ready? This guy, Fat Guy, really does not like you. We need to take a break. He wants to confront you. I don't know. We had spoken with him last week, and we couldn't figure out why he had a problem with it. I can't figure out why anybody would have a problem with me, because I'm like everybody. Like he's saying, you come on the show, and you take over the show. But whether that's true or not... It is. No, no. But it's our show, and we don't care. We love when you come on and have a pisser with us. I don't see what his problem is with that. What word did I say when you guys were doing your stock market stuff? No, Jay, you don't have to defend yourself. We allow people to take over the show. It gives us a break from the action. It's not easy to do five hours of talk every day. No, don't use that word. Break from the action. Why? Come on. I like that. My accountant likes that word very much. So there was a time... Oh, really? Yeah, it was player play, man. Oh, cool. Jay, the other thing we've got to tell you before you invite Fat Guy, and there was a time when Fat Guy and Paul, Paul Bond, who opened up for you at Roscoe's last time you were in town, were in the studio hanging with us one day, and you called from L.A. And you were just cracking us up. We were laughing our balls off. They were sitting there just with their arms folded, not even cracking a smile. Just pissed off. And we should have brought it up on the air while you were on the phone, but we did. You should have said they were there. I would have said... I know. We blew it. Honestly, we blew it because there was definitely a problem there and we didn't get to the bottom of it. So why do you like the Fat Guy? There's no fighting. There's no fighting. He wants to talk to you. We just want to find out what his problem is because if you sucked on the air and you came here and were taking over the show, that would be one thing. Someone's farting in here. But people find it very entertaining when you're on the show. Now I smell the fart. It has a Puerto... Oh my God, Rick, is that you? It has a... Jesus Christ, man. It has a Puerto Rican tinge to it. You just think clear in the room. That's bad. It has a Puerto Rican... That changes to it. Refried beans. Let's take a break, air out the studio. We'll get Fat Guy in next and see what his problem is. Don't fry a banana, Rick. And don't forget, STP playing Irving Plaza tomorrow night at the thing. Ouch. What's up? Oh, this is bad. This is a bad scene, Jay. What happened? Well, another radio station in New York has been teasing the fact that STP is playing a mystery concert tomorrow night. A mystery concert? Location is going to be given away tomorrow morning on someone's very popular morning show. It's a very popular profile radio show. Morning or being? Morning. But then all of a sudden we're flying back from LA and oh geez, look, it's Rob the bass player from STP sitting in first class. He looks like a stand-up comic. He does, man. And gee, he told us what he was doing in New York. He's going to be playing a show at Irving Plaza Wednesday night. He's not completely normal. They do a set and meanwhile, like, Weiland's offstage pouring vodka into his catheter. Yeah, he's so frustrated, man. Look at that whole scene. Come on, get out of here. I can't be real. Paul's pissed too. There ain't no way. All right, hold on. Wait a minute. Hold on. I've been sitting out here for two freaking hours already. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Hi, Paul. I'm serious. Holy smug. Last time I saw Paul, we were like hogging pictures of his family. What the hell was that? All right, listen, we got to take a break so he gets to the bottom of it. But that's nice. That's a joke, right? No, I swear. You can't be kidding. It's kidding. I don't know. That's the next time I was taking a picture with his girlfriend and family. That's real. Anyway, the STP thing. You look mad at you, not me. I don't know. We'll find out what his problem is. But what were you saying about STP? At Irving Plaza tomorrow. Yeah. Okay. So this radio station... This radio station spent the whole weekend teasing. No, I heard it on K-Rock. They said they're going to Irving Plaza. Well, we spoiled their party. I'm just on your side. That's all. All right, let's take a break. And Billy and Paul will get in here next. They seem very pissed off at Jay. We'll get to the bottom of that. That's Jay and us. Well, you got to bug stupid. You're like a black eye for all mankind. I don't think they're very nice people. The only way I could actually think they were funny was to be on heroin. Opie and Anthony. You know, I'm just like one for a while. Feel the love. 1027 WNEW. Anthony, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Oh, yes. People love these, man. Vermont Teddy Bear shows you care. It's not just like sending flowers or something. And what do they got now? Birthdays? You got a birthday wish you want to send somebody? Do it with a Vermont Teddy Bear. New baby? Wish someone well? Or Easter's coming up? How about the little Easter Bear, Opie? Hmm? Vermont Teddy Bear. What do you do? Call 1-800-829-BEAR. And a friendly bear counselor will help you choose from over 100 handcrafted bears for any occasion. You personalize them just for the person. Your bear counselor helps you out. If you say your girl's a nurse, all of a sudden they have a nurse bear. You could do that. It's very personal. And I'm hearing a brawl outside in the hallway. This is real, too, man. Rick, what's going on? Rick? What's going on? Jay's got to learn to lock the door before he goes to the bathroom. Why? Who just walked in on him? I did. Oh, great. Is he dumping? Thank God he's not dumping. He's not crunching, is he? No, I walk in and all I see in the big mirror is his face looking at me like, whatever you doing is. Sorry, Vermont Teddy Bear. You can choose from bears like the new baby bear with a baby's name and birthday embroidered on the bib. Pregnancy bear for someone who's expecting. For birthday, personalize a bear with their hobby or occupation. A biker bear. Or for Easter, how about the hare bear? That's H-A-R-E, hare. And a flashback bunny dressed like a hippie. Dressed like a hippie? A little hippie bear. Why not? Instead of sending flowers, send a beautiful Vermont Teddy Bear, which will be enjoyed forever. It really is a good gift. The bear counselors, they're ready, they're standing by. The whole process takes five minutes, tops. So if you need a gift for someone, this is a great idea. Overnight delivery is guaranteed, so call 1-800-829-BEAR or shop online at vermontteddybear.com. Send a beargram gift, the creative alternative to sending flowers. That's 1-800-829-BEAR and tell them Opie and Anthony sent you, okay? A few more commercials to get through, Ann, and then Jay Moore. We'll bring everyone in and sort this out. And the confrontation with Paul and Billy. Right. That's more serious than I even thought, Anthony. Yeah. We'll do that next, stay there. Thank you. You guys have deteriorated beyond belief right now. Please, Opie and Anthony show. Thank you. 1027-W-N-E-W. All right, before we get back to Jay Moore, we got some tickets to give away. Great show coming to town. We got Filter and Varouka Salt playing the Hammerstein Ballroom April 20th. Can't buy for cedars. Tickets available through Ticketmaster. Filter puts on a fine show live. We'll give a pair to the 10th caller right now at 212-757-1027. We can clear the phone lines as far as Jay Moore stuff goes for now. But in the studio, our buddy, our pal, Jay Moore. How about three tickets to Wednesday at Rascals? I'll give away two. Oh, Jay. Oh. We'll give them away a little later then. How's that? All right. And Wednesday. I know you're cheap and only have one pair to give away, so we'll spread out the winning here. I gave four to Pison and I gave... I... Krobet and Testa Verde are going to be there. Now, if you give them free tickets, does that mean they can't talk to you? Is there a deal that has to be struck here? I just want them to know what they're getting into. I'm the most affable, approachable guy that probably ever worked in this town. There's one guy in the absolute front row. You know, right when I get off stage, I got to walk past 400 people. There's two bouncers on either side of me and they're like, here you go, here you go. And then I go to the back room, have a glass of water. The guy walks out. Get away from everyone. You know, I'm going to send them a headshot. You know what? I'm going to send them... After I go see Stone Temple Pilots at every plaza tomorrow night, I'm going to send them a Stone Temple Pilots thing also. As a coincidence, Joey's going to send you a headshot also. Yeah, of me. There's going to be a horse's headshot in my hotel bed. I'm actually opening for Stone Temple Pilots. Tonight, Stone Temple Pilots are going to do an acoustic set tonight. Steven Lynch, we had Steven Lynch last night. Steven Lynch will probably be there Wednesday, but we definitely got Corbett and Testa Verde at RSVP. So tonight, we don't know what they're doing. I didn't know they did comedy. No, they're coming out. You know how they come up, they wave and they take questions from the audience. Anything I can do to kill time. I get paid by the hour, so more people to come by to hang out to better. We figured that out last time you were at Rascals. And I did 20 minutes of your set for you. That girl took her head. No, that girl took her horns out. And then you guys walk on the stage. I'm only half hour into my show. I'm like, how do I follow breast? All right, let's let's get Billy and Paul in here. Fat guy. Billy Hine and Paul Bond from Airsick.net. They have a problem with J.More. Airsick Productions. Airsick.net. Any chairs? Which one's the fat guy? Take a guess. Oh, she's hard to figure that one out. Hey, Paul. Hey, Jay. What's up, man? I'm putting a real screwed up position. First of all, I'm a little pissed with O and A. What happened? Well, what happened? Every time I try I tell you guys something off the air is going to wind up on the air. That's our show. Yeah. We do it all the time. What do you tell us off the air? What happened? What do you tell us off the air? Let's get into it. Dad, I got a problem with Jay. Right. And so you got to you got to bring it up on the air. Well, I'll tell you why we brought it up in the air because you're not wrecked. You affected our show one day. So we're like, what the hell was that about? And we're pissing ourselves that we didn't say something when Jay was live from L.A. on the phone. Well, hold on. How did we wreck the show that day? But I'm saying nothing. I didn't say you kind of wrecked the segment. That's for sure. I thought we were. The day the Amadou Diallo Verta came out. Ooh, funny guy. Wait a minute. I thought we were more talking about what Billy was saying and had no problem talking about. I don't. Did we say that you had a problem? No, I know what they're talking about. We mentioned the fact that they were in here. Wait, wait, wait, wait. They meant they mentioned the fact when we were doing the Amadou Diallo verdict. Yeah. You know, these guys were in, right? And we were they were hanging on the show and then Jay out of nowhere calls from L.A. We put him on. He's making everyone laugh. And while Jay's making everyone laugh, you guys were sitting there with the same faces you got now with your arms folded. He wasn't making us laugh. And that affects my show or our show, I should say. He wasn't making us laugh. Why was he making us laugh? So I was pissed at myself that I had the perfect opportunity to at least confront the issue because Jay was from L.A., live from L.A. And you guys obviously had some type of beef with him. And to be honest, we blew it. We didn't say anything on the air that day. So then, yes, we did bring it up on the air. Yeah. So then you had to drag it up again. I was I call up just to make a joke saying it's going to be game all week, blah, blah, blah. And then a whole cool check. I said she changed her name to because she wanted to be Little Ho. Right. And then you had to bring the whole thing out about Jay. But Paul, in all fairness, at that point, you guys have mentioned it enough that it's time to see what the problem is. Oh, like nobody else calls up and says gay more or he's gay and all that stuff. Nobody else says that? Who put that through? It was that besides the look you gave when Jay was on the phone. So I'm like, wow, there's obviously a problem here. So let's see what the deal is. The stock market guy just told me to come down because there's a gay guy. Well, I have a problem. Actually, I don't know why you're getting so involved because it was Billy that finally said on the phone last week that he wanted to confront Jay. Well, yeah, you guys. Right. And what am I going to do? You guys are egging us on. Billy, fat guy, if you're out there, call us, call us, call us. What am I supposed to not come? I'm asked for production. Yeah, I don't have to. Yeah, what does that make me look like? I have a problem, but I ain't coming to face Jay. Paul, I'm not going to. I'm confused. Last time I saw you, I was taking pictures like with you and your girlfriend and your family, and then you stick your head in and you're like screaming at everybody. Well, I'm getting I got pressure from other comedians. All right. When I was on the show and I was, you know, they could get a perfect opportunity to say something about Jay and you didn't take the opportunity to say it. And and quite frankly, I'm nervous about this. Why would you? Because I wouldn't say something about you because I would think we were aligned. I know, especially when I heard that you said something nice about me on Friday and I'm like, well, I know something, you know, this sucks. You know that this really sucks. You guys did it to yourself. Well, we did it to ourself. All right. Definitely. Yeah. We called ourselves on the air and said, what do you got to say about Jay? That's really you called in. You called in. I know. All right. All right. So you did it to yourself. And you guys are lumped together. If not, we got no problem being lumped together. As far as the radio show goes, you guys are lumped together. You called up and so now it is a problem. You're right. So why do I call up? Let me add. Why do I call up? After about a 20 minute conversation with Billy, if you're out there, you got a problem with Jay. Call up. Let's talk about it. Blah, blah, blah. So I call up. I don't want to talk about it on the air. I mean, I don't know Jay from the hole in the wall. He don't know me, but it's not right to do it over the over the radio when you can't rebut and you can't answer to yourself or whatever. All I know is there's a problem. You guys have a problem with Jay and. I'm sitting outside for two hours waiting to come in here. We call up yesterday to be here at three o'clock. Here it is five o'clock now. Jay walks in. Boom, right on. And screw the air. Sit down. Yeah, that's funny. Yeah. Who did you know before? Huh? Who did you know before? Yeah, I would have a show yet in my defense. I'm pretty far from a Hollywood guy. That guy. Come on. I'm from Jersey for crying out loud. But you know, no, it's just we do stuff for you guys and it's like, you know what? Oh, but look, here's somebody better. Screw you guys. We're going to take the next guy. So it's like, you know, I think you guys have got a ton of air time on our show. Most more than any other radio show in the country. I would guarantee that the only guys we work for for free, too. Whatever. Yeah, they pay. We don't need to pay. We don't need to pay you guys. We don't need to pay Jay more. It's a barter thing. I know that. You give us good songs that we play on the air. I know that. And we give you plugs. It's like a one hand. I know that. I'm just pissed off that I'm in this position right now. Let me just put my cards in on it. The two of you, I know you were air sick productions. You two are air sick productions. Right. We're both air sick. Okay. By the way, who are all these people with you? You know, they have these guys work here. This is my friend Bill. That's Dean of Cola. Oh, that's Dean of Cola? Yeah. The one song wonder. Wow. Oh, man. Oh, man. Dean of Cola wrestled at Wisconsin. You can't? Well, I don't know. I don't think their weights match up. Yeah. I think you guys have been in different weight classes. I mean, this is one of the things. You come on like, oh, Dean of Cola, Dean of Cola, he's the greatest thing since sliced bread. The guy wrote one frigging song. You take credit for starting a whole contest. It's one blown age. It isn't just one song. Yeah, it is. It's one song. That's like the free bird of six songs. What are you talking about? In your opinion? In my opinion. Steven Lynch was on stage last night. He hit the stage. We gave the guy credit. He started the most offensive song contest. We're not talking about that with you guys. We're talking about when Jay calls up, it's always like, oh, yeah, Mike Dean of Cola, Mike Dean of Cola, Mike Dean of Cola. So he's calling a friend. Where's the problem? It's what? The mic's over. Mike, Mike. Mike, the mic is over here. Mike, radio. You got to use the mic. Mike was doing shots of Black House last night. Huh? I said I'm talking to you. OK. You're slamming a bit. That doesn't make sense. I'm slamming the fact that we got to bust our ass when we come in here to try. Oh, I mean. Oh, I'm sorry, Jay. Don't stop short. Sure. Dean of Cola's going to go up your ass. Yeah. Jay, how's your career just lacking yourself onto somebody? Pardon me? What? Oh, my God. How's your career just lacking yourself onto somebody? I've found them around the country like a little bitch. And first of all, I was just at the Tempe Improv. He was not with me in D.C., Tempe. Mm-hmm. This is I'm in a unique position to pick who I want to open for me. And if you had, if you were headlining a room, wouldn't you want to pull it open for you because you're your friend? Yeah, probably. And when I was at Rascals, I mean, when I canceled Carolines, I, you know, that was Dean of Cola was on his own. It was Colin Quinn for Colin. Is he latching onto Colin Quinn? It's called a middle act. You work more than the headliners do. Yeah, but would he be here if it wasn't for you? No. Exactly. Absolutely not. Okay. Absolutely not. And would anybody know? So it was an opportunity. But I got to tell you. I got brought in by Jay. I got to tell you, though, now that he has been brought in, he has carte blanche to come in when he wants. He's proven himself to be like a funny guy. He took advantage of his opportunity and came up with something that everyone's called If someone that sucks comes in here with De Niro, it doesn't matter. We're not going to have him in if he isn't entertaining. Oh, I see. So the basic thing is the guy. We're getting way off track here. We're getting way off track. The problem is there are things that Jay says on the air that aren't his, never have and never will be. And he uses them in his act and it's bringing people into clubs. All right. On the false pretenses. And you got to tell me, Jay, what's the problem? On the false pretenses. And you guys know about it. And I've been told by other comics, why don't you say something to him? You have the opportunity. Well, just tell us which bits are yours first. We'll make it easier. Wait, wait, do the following words ring a bell with you at all? Leather Cheerio, Starfish, Whale's Eye. Red Fireman is here. Hold on, hold on. Whale's Eye is ours. That's theirs. That's all from here. The Whale's Eye is ours. That's all from them when they did this lady on the phone. I got the Whale's Eye and the blue knot from my brother. The phone sex lady called me. Remember? You guys had me on the phone with the phone sex. That was all her stuff. Guess where your brother probably got it from then? None of this is original. It's from a CD or a tape, almost 10 years old. Right. I don't know, man. I don't know what George says Starfish. Yeah. You got to call it Starfish. They say Leather Cheerio. They say Red Fireman. He said Red Fireman's cap. He's got to eat. Oh, let's wait. Let's slow down. I don't know what George had patented. The head of a penis looks like a fireman's hat. No, but the impression... But I don't know what you call that one. You better heard that. He gets laughed. Time out. No one comes on the radio and says, oh, Jay Moore of the Map of Hawaii, his bit. That ain't your bit. You're getting credit for it and you're walking around the studio. Oh, yeah, my Map of Hawaii. That ain't yours. And you're taking full credit for it. No one of it ain't yours. Whose Map of... Who's the Map of Hawaii? Oh, please. You don't know, right? See, you don't know. I said it right here. Yeah, but you don't know where it came from, do you? My manager used to tell me Map of the Cayman Islands. So someone stole it from my manager and then I stole it back? Yeah. You're friends with Otto and George. Don't play dumb. I'd pop Otto and George up every time I'm here. Yeah, but... Otto and George get more airtime because of me than themselves. You guys are all talking to a puppet. No, you're... I'm here saying, I come on the air and I say he's the funniest guy that ever lived. You guys gotta... Yeah, and obviously you're using his material. The word starfish? You know what? You come up with an expression. You almost... Come up with an expression in your rack. You said bits. Well, yeah, because it's part of bits that he does. Now you're taking away... No, no, absolutely. Yes, right. That makes it an essential part of the friggin' bit. It's not a small part. It's called hack. No. And you're doing it on the air. First of all, I'm a hack. I'm not going to deny the fact that I'm a hack. You're a hack. I am a hack. Well, good, because Jeffrey Ross would appreciate that. Because he's a hacker also? No, because you're friggin' steal from him too. Oh, now you're... What are you... Wow. What are you talking... Wow. What do I steal from Jeffrey? On the air. We're listening to you on the air, Jay. Let's get Jeff Ross on the phone. You've said stuff about... Now you're going to deny you didn't say anything... You mentioned one time when you did a Jeffrey Ross bit, I said, oh, this is great. As long as he gives a little footnote, oh, that's Jeff Ross. If I say to a guy, I go, that's not mine. That's Jeff Ross's. Right. How about the Times? Oh, put that crap out. Unless you want to hit the dump button, turn that... Shut up, Paul. No, did you ask me to turn it on? Yeah. I've got to make this entertainment in some form. All right, whatever. You want to come in here, you want to... Hey, Glenn, what's up? Now you're getting... Hey, what's up? What's up, Glenn? Call over it, you stupid ass. Watch your little pussies. Get them out of here. Yeah, right, right. Crybaby. Yeah, right. Crybaby. Join the Zina-Caller and Moulton McDonald. Take it easy, guys. Guys, Zina-Caller gets crazy. What is your beef with me? What is the problem with me? What is your problem with me? You know what? It's amazing. You've got now carte blanche to come in here. Yeah. Why? Why? A lot of people do. You wrote a song! Aren't you freaking proud of yourself? You wrote one freaking song. Oh, I guess it's got a song. You know what? In 1976, in late Leo Sayre had You Make Me Feel Like Dancing. That's a one-hit wonder. No, wait a minute. And he was gay, too. Yeah, he was gay, too. You're not gay? You're not gay? Hold on. Jay, you stole that. Hold on. The reason my ass is in here... Leo Sayre, that song which I wrote, by the way, and he stole from me. Hold on. Let me die when George wants to roll it first. Jay, the reason I'm here, I wasn't going to say crap, all right? But then... What do you mean you weren't going to say crap? Who was that? Huh? Did you hear something? Yeah. There's a fly in a wall. Oh, my God. I'm just taking a shot. Is there an open mic night at the bar? Wait a minute. I am stunned at the problem you have with Dean Nicole. Now, hold on. Hey, that's taking it way too far. What is he done to you? How much did we have to do for you guys to get into the studio? Let's rewind. You sent some songs, and then you guys can come in and plug stuff and play songs. And we get entertaining. Yeah, entertaining. The best thing since life's bread is because your star friend is pushing his ass. Why do you care as long as you have one freaking star friend and you're going to bleed it to death? No, as long as you have your input into this show, why do you care what else happens on this show? Why do you care? Why are we part of the show? We're fans of the show. Really? And I don't like the way he treats you guys sometimes. You know what, this is me always... And you guys are really... I don't even realize it. You don't even realize it. I've been Arizona pumping these guys out. No, on the show, on the show, when Buddy Hacker was on, God bless him, I love Buddy Hacker, you're doing guess what's in her pants, all right? After Buddy Hacker hangs up the phone... Which is the J-More original, by the way. Okay, great. Well, that's one in a row. Okay, here's one. Listen to me. After Hacker hangs up, Buddy Hacker, excuse me, he's your friend, not mine. You're going to hack it. Okay? After he hangs up the phone, Buddy Hacker hangs up the phone. Excuse me, he's your friend, not mine. You're going to hack it. Okay? After he hangs up the phone, Anthony cracks a joke, and then you turn to Anthony on the air and go, oh, what are you going to fill Buddy Hacker's shoes? But don't try to fill Hacker's shoes. Don't try to fill Hacker's shoes. I don't remember that. And this stuff goes right over your head, man. Because I can't remember stealing from my own George either. We allow people to abuse us. It's not the point. Wait, wait, wait, wait. I want to defend myself. Like you guys haven't gotten good lines at our expense yet? Have we ever... No, no, no. It's coming from somewhere else. Trust me. I do an hour and a half when I'm on stage, and I would like to go through... Let's go through a set list, all right? I see, I don't live in L.A., so I don't know what's yours and what's not. Come to the show tonight with a freaking notebook and a piece of paper. Personally, Jay, I saw a guy at the airport, a ratting cow. I do the story about getting raped by a dolphin for 15 minutes. Probably a guy job. Yeah, it was a guy job. It was a stripper. Hence the rape. Yeah, I got raped by a female dolphin, Einstein. Oh, there's two. Okay, then we got... What else have we got? We got the musket joke. We got the whole Montell Williams. We got Oprah Winfrey. We got that. Wow, makes it sound like something I want to come see. But, hey... Oh, wow. Billy, Billy. It was funny. I'm not going to say... I mean, I'm not going to... But when you take an hour and a half set and say the word starfish... Oh, my God, stop the press. J. Moore said the word starfish. No, no, I'm talking about on the air. You talk on the air like it's your stuff, and you don't footnote anything after a while. And people don't. People don't listen later on. People don't listen later on. I footnote Jeff Ross. You just said that. You didn't watch. Watch the language. You have to answer about 20 minutes. What are you talking about? I just said that. You just said that. Watch the language. Watch the F-word. You know, I think starfish was used way before Otto and George. Yeah, you know how long... You know how long Otto's been at this. And you know how long... Do you have any fucking idea? Before he was in it, that's a damn sure. And before you are on the air. You are on the air. You know how many times I call Otto... 13 years old that freaking guy started. You know how many times I call Otto at home and I say, please come to Rascals and do a set because I'd love for you to be my guest. When I come on the show and I say, Otto and George are the funniest person that ever lived, I got... oh, excuse me. I got Otto and George on the freaking show Action. I got him in a goddamn Hollywood TV show. So who's Hollywood? Because I love them. Who's not Hollywood? Yeah. Me? Yeah. Who's not Finn? Did it ever air? Yeah. I don't know. Look around the room. I know I am. Before we move on to that, Pimp Hand. Where did that come from? Pimp Hand. Oh, Anthony, I taught you everything you know about Pimp Hand. Anthony's never gotten a bra or gotten wowed before Jay Moore walked in the studio. And Anthony's seen it all. Anthony makes me feel... That's obviously a joke. Wait a minute. You're stretching. Anthony makes a joke. I wish you guys weren't on goddamn vacation because I would have had Vic cut this crap up on a thing and you would have played it. You know, on second listen, it does sound like he's accusing me of not being able to do what I do, which is be funny and get the girl's cops off before he got in the goddamn place. Boy, you're stretching, man. Hold on. Anthony says something and Jay goes, hey, I'll be the funny one here. Yeah, I'll be the funny one. Gee, is it the O.B. and Anthony and Jay show? No, it's the O.B. and Anthony show. They were funny before you. They'll be funny after you. I agree. Take credit for all of that. Oh my God. I don't think I've ever said that to Anthony or O.B. Yeah, yeah. I think... Jay, I'll tell you what. Did we ever say that to you? Like, I'll be the funny one? I don't even... If you do say it, I don't even care. And yeah, that's the big thing. I swear to God, we don't even care. It doesn't matter. We've been abused by every guest we've had on this show. And you all give it back. Yeah, you give it back. And you have never given it back to him. Oh my God! How many times have you been here? Were you listening to the show when you first came in here? Oh, Gary Mark! That's a good one. You know why? What's the deal with you? You can get gay Marko off on the air. Then you draw a little circle around his butt. Then you show your ass to Steven Levy. Then you walk in here and you show your son Tope and Anthony. But wait a minute! That's the H.E.B. style. Wait a minute. I'm telling him to cut the gay and the son. Wait a minute. Oh, Jay says cut it. See, Jay says cut it. They cut it. Oh my God! See? I'm still a bad guy. That's the freaking difference. I'm doing something for you and I'm a bad guy. You're an ungrateful prick. Yeah, maybe I am. But wait a minute. But David, to be honest, you called him up when you did your Westgate show. And he said, oh, gay Marko's here. And you said, I nearly turned around and punched him if he came up on stage. I'm like, it's either you're gay or you're a gay basher. You can't be both. I'm not a gay basher if I hate fags. Yeah, but it's just, you know something? I think you're taking everything literally that happens on this show. You never hang out with guys and goof on them and just joke with each other and take a line that you've heard somewhere else and throw it into the conversation. We don't make a living out of it. Yeah, we don't bait people to come to the shows. You know, seeing what he's done when we went to Rascals, I've seen a lot of comics in my day. I don't think I've ever seen what he was doing coming out of another comic's mouth. Where do you live? And I was left from Long Island. Right. So let me tell you. Right. So what's going on in Hollywood right now? Did you ever hear of the term American Top 40? Yeah, I can't. It's a comic term. It means guys who go on the road steal all the crap from wherever they are and wherever they go so you can use it on the road. Guys that go on the road, I play five rooms twice a year. I do. I guess all those plugs were unnecessary. Joe, what's going on? Wow. Joe, these guys are mad sick. They sound like jilted lovers. Little crybaby jealous bitches. Get them off already. Get it off your chest. Well, you know what? We don't have friends today. You've got somebody better. We're right here. Let us in. You know what? I'm defending Opie and Anthony and you're sitting here. No, no, no, no. We don't want to be defended. We don't want to be defended. I told you that. Not once, maybe, would you say something? We don't have to. Hold on. We're sitting out there for two hours and they're going, oh, you know, the answer, you guys have a problem with you. I don't know what the problem is. You're funny. You know what? Back us into a frigging corner. Not once you say anything like, oh, you know, maybe they do have a point to something. Let me tell you something. You guys are worrying yourself because you do sound really jealous. Well, okay, maybe we do sound. You want to see the phones? You think we're just picking up? You want to see all the emails and the message boards I got? You guys are right for Steve's webpage? Whatever. I still want to go through my set list. There's ten calls on hold and not one is in favor of you guys. Let's do an hour and fifteen. You guys are worrying yourself. Don't blame us for burying you. Well, blame me for never sticking up for us. Yeah, exactly. Because I don't agree with your beef with Jay. Who did I steal the ten minute walk in bed from? Walking. Walking? Who did I steal that from? Musket. Who did I steal that from? Who did I steal the stuff from? I am not saying women getting ready for bed. Oh, Jesus. Women getting ready for bed. I respect you, live a more beautiful life. You know what? I did partnership on stage. I did partnership on stage. Paul, at least, is calling me out. You've sat there like, you talk about Dina Kola ramming up my ass. You've sat there like a little buddy on Welcome Back Cod or like Charles Fleischer next to the black guy. You've said nothing. You've sat there the whole time. You've got no beef. You've got no leg to stand on. Paul is actually calling me out. You're just a freaking baby. Shut your freaking mouth because at least Paul is talking to me. Hey, you don't want to do that. What are you going to do? Are you going to get up? Hey, hey, no brawling. No brawling. No brawling. Keep it. No brawling. No brawling. Oh, you're freaking easy. Hey, hey, back it up. Back it up. Back it up. Here's your brawling. Come on. Hey, hey, be cool. Be cool. Be cool. Hold on. Hold on. Hey, hey, chill. Chill. Chill. Chill. Chill. Chill. Chill. We're in the back. We lost the leg. We lost the leg. We've been handling right now. We're off the air. We found a girl that could shoot stuff from a private area. More stupidity on the way. 1027 WNEW. Hey, Anthony. We're back on the air here. That guy right on his ass. Oh, my God. Bring him in. We have... Wait, wait, wait, wait. Got explained to listeners what happened. We ran out of delay, and then we had a melee trying to keep that guy and Jay apart. Everyone separated, so they went into a Van Halen turn, I heard. Why didn't you let us fight? I wasn't there, Jay. All those guys in the lecture. You were there. Everyone stood between us. You can't fight in here. We can wrestle, but that would have been... I thought you were in here. That was wrestling. That guy got out of his chair. That fat bastard, that 350-pound troll, got out of his chair. Bring him back in, Rick. Bring him back in. Let's fight. Let's fight on the air. I smell pay-per-view. Let's have a police fight on the air. No, the problem with this whole scenario, Jay, is that they're not saying crap in our defense. Because I don't want to. Because you're wrong. You're wrong. Paul, you are wrong. You are wrong this time. If you are a goddamn comic OP, you would understand that when you steal material and you go on stage, it's wrong. And in the comedy community, that is wrong. Paul, when you say nobody sticks up for you or takes your side, no one has confronted you with anything on our show. You've come in. I'm going to call you guys on something right now. We've done... Okay. How about when you guys go on the air, and you say, Jay Moore, one hall more weak than Jay Moore. That's a joke. You say we don't stick up for Joe. That's a joke. What did I just say? What did I just say when he walked in? I was goofing on how he's here. The first thing we said when he walked in was the gay stuff. And what did Nopey say? Welcome to the Jay Moore plug. We'll get to the Jay Moore plug after this. That's all joking. Like, I could take it when he attacks us, and he could take it when we attack him. It doesn't matter. It's not serious. But for you guys, it's real for some reason. We've had conversations off the air where you're... That is not true. I am not even going to allow you to comment on that. Wait a minute. He just said it. That's P.F. That's P.F. That's P.F. How come when you say something, it's not all right? Dad, dad. Like what? Like what? I can't take it. I don't know if I can take it another whole week of gay Moore. That's not true. You lying sack. Not true. Sorry. God bless you, Orby. Terrific. I just noticed something. Oh, okay. How about Z100 this morning? This is the best show, the only show on the... Yeah, the only show on the air, isn't it? Who cares if he did Z100? You did. You're not doing it. How two-faced are you guys? Excuse me. I don't care. How about Z100 this morning? You did Z100. I did Z100. Oh yeah? How come when I sent out the emails over there it said you did Z100? Oh, you were supposed to. Did you not show up? I didn't do it. You were supposed to, right? Yeah, I was supposed to. So what happened? All right. Okay. The only show on the air you did was Z100. I noticed you were in the studio a good 10 minutes before you would even look me in the eye. You scared of me? Please. Yeah, what? Please, Jay. Oh, yeah. I'm scared of you. I'll eat you up and spit you out so fast you won't even know what happened to you. You, the only good thing about you is your talk. You talk at good games. Talk? I didn't even have the animals to get to you. What are you talking about? I don't remember. This guy's still out of breath. You didn't get me. You didn't get me. There's six people between us. Get rid of us. Get rid of them. I didn't know you were standing there. Who brought you all this? We were keeping you guys apart. Who brought you guys? These guys work here, you moron. Oh yeah, these guys do not work here. You brought them in with you. Get rid of them. You're a big man. He was holding me back. He was holding me back. Okay, so let's hear this. Who are the two big guys who came in with you? The two cops or something? We can't have you two killing each other. They came in before anything happened. They came in before anything happened. So what, you can't stick up for yourself? You need boys with you? How many times have these guys been in here with me? You're a pussy. You're a pussy. Admit it. You don't admit to stealing. You've got to bring guys in with you. Get rid of them. Be a man for once, for Christ's sake. Will you leave the room, please, Billy? Will you please leave the room? Will you both leave the room? We can't have you two beating the crap out of each other. It's not going to be out of control. Now, all of a sudden, we have restrictions on what's okay and what's not okay. It's never been okay for anybody to kill each other in this studio. There's been freaking fight clubs in here before, but actually wrestling matches. Not people that meet each other. You guys don't hear the same thing. You don't think we're real. I'm not really fighting and trying to kill someone. It was called a wrestling match. There's no hatred that someone's going to kill someone. There's no hatred. You wrestle? I wrestle. Come on. I'm not wrestling. I'm punching a mouse. Come on. Let's go. Nah, you don't wrestle, right? Come on. You can't have that. I'm going to pull up. I'm going to pull up. I'm going to pull up. I'm going to pull up. Boy, my age is cold. I can't afford to hurt my face. You pisser. You're living on the freaking law. I'll let you hit me first. Huh? I'll let you hit me first. Okay, then it's over. Then what? It's going to be over? It's going to be over? Oh, yeah. Let's do it. Come on. Wait. Look. The two guys that are with me will leave the room so that none of my posilly boys that I brought that come with me, Deena Cole and you leave the room, you leave the room. So anything that happens is an ONA or somebody you brought to separate it. I'll let you hit me first. Don't hit him first. Yeah, all I need is another freaking lawsuit. That's all I freaking need. More litigation. I got no money as it is. Well, now if he or you die and the lawsuits come in to Opie and Anthony, I'm F. I can't afford to have you two kill each other. I can't afford it. Hey, fat guy, all I know is when I was loading up my ride, there was a lot more than those two guys between us, pal. You talk so good. You really talk a good game, Jay. If you want to kill each other, downstairs. Does he work for me? Can I bring him? Can I bring him? Yeah, I'll bring him. You want to sign a release that says, Jay, you're the best back skater in the league, baby. Oh my God. Let me at him. Let me at him. But guys, don't let go. You faggot pussy. Oh my God. You are. You're a nothing, Jay. You're a laughing stock. You know, like, how many people have been aroused since last night if not for this show? Probably half as many. Keep going. Half. And the point? Yeah. And the point? The point is, you know, when he comes in here... He gives us good radio, he gets plugs in return. And what do we give you? What do we give you? We've made you guys a little bigger. You make us big for every... What? What the frickin' plug we do? You bust our chaps and we come in and say, we got a gig this week for the Providers, and you're like, oh, all you come in here to do is plug. Jay walks in the first half of the night... I'm ready to get in the... We're going to get in the... We say that to everyone when they plug it. We listen every day. We make fun of him when he plugs. But you want to get a bunch of give-the-plugs, don't you? How come everybody's stopping me from coming to you if I'm such a backpedaling? Joey, what's up? Hey, fat guy, fat guy, fat guy. I have one thing to say. I have one thing to say. Anthony's brother, Joe. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother, Joe. I need to meet you, everybody. I need to meet everybody here. Listen to me. Listen to me. Listen to me. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. I'm Anthony's brother. Why are you so upset about it? Wait, I want to know what Jay is so upset about. Right now I'm upset because I couldn't get to you. No, but what got you so upset you want to get to me? Why, because you can't handle the truth, Jay? Because you got out of your chair and came towards me, my friend. Look, you don't like being told that you're a bony and a fake and a thief? No, that's fine. And you're a hoax. That's fine. Then what are you so pissed off about? Let him talk. Let him talk. My fingertips and my shoulder belongs to me. When you were talking, I didn't care. You came out of that chair, took off your headset, and you started coming towards me. And I'm not going to sit in a chair and get blasted by some fat bastard. I'm going to beat you halfway like a man. And then we got broken up. I've twice since then tried to come over there to pay notice of him. You called me a back peddler. You just did it. No one's stopping you from coming to me. I am standing here. You're stopping me from coming to you. Six people and now we're really making this fucking... One, two, three, four. Everyone stop him, Jay. You're so big. This really worked out well. You're a little pissing. This really worked out well for us, open hand. Yeah, thanks for sticking up for us, guys. We really appreciate it. What sticking up? You guys buried yourself. Whatever. I'm in rascal sign, everybody. At 830. Right on earth. Please. Don't have anything to plug. Let the fat guy... Why don't you plug your broken jaw, you fat ass? And you know where the exit is in the bedroom. It's right here, dickhead. All right. Come on. Oh, man. You're going to slap him like a bitch. He talks like a bitch. Hey, hey, hey. Who's coming over? Nike. Nike. Come on. We cannot put you in there. We cannot put you in there. We cannot put you in there. We cannot put you in there. We cannot put you in there. We cannot put you in there. We cannot put you in there. We cannot put you in there. We can't have people killing each other. Here goes Jay. Here goes Jay. Here goes Jay. Here goes Jay. Here goes Jay. Here goes Jay. Here goes Jay. It's Nike. It's Nike. It's Nike. It's Nike. It's Nike. It's Nike. We're gonna make him chill. You know what I mean. Yeah. No bloodshed. Holy smoke. This is like... They're gonna play my parodies. You got more meat in this room. You guys said... You guys knew this was going to happen. Jay. Jay. here. No effing way. You got eight freaking guys and you're keeping me from knocking that guy in his ass. They are in here for that. I swear to God we didn't know this was going to happen. You know where Raskals is and you know where each entrance is. You wait for me one I want. I swear to God. Before, before, but because I got to go to work because people are, people are. Wait for me outside the studio. I'll be outside the studio in about an hour. Wait for me outside the studio. Look how he yells when there's six people between us. Get out of the way. I'm going to yell. Have I gone 20 seconds into my work? Who are you? If someone gets killed, we're screwed. So we can't have that happen. Do you understand why? I mean if someone gets killed in here, we are screwed. They're just going to get beaten. That's what I'm saying. I can't afford that. I can't afford that. Listen, you know where the entrance and the exit to the studio is. If you want to leave and wait for me, wait for me. What did I just tell you, Brooklyn Diner? Do you need me to write it down for you and that stupid? You know where I live. We're walking right past it. We're Brooklyn Diner right in front of the studio, Mr. Fat Guy. I got to walk right past it. Maybe there will be no cameras and no microphones on you. You're going to tuck it between your legs and run away. Yeah, that's what I'm going to do. Oh no, I'm not going to go with the fat guy. You're all freaking talk. You are all talk, Jay. Why don't you admit it? Everything we said here has been true and you're denying, denying. Hold on. He said that I used the word starfish on stage, therefore I steal a half a material. You're a thief. You're creeping. You know it. I'm a thief? You're a thief. You're afraid of me. Hold on. You're afraid of me. We got it on film. Little baby, I can't ask you four times. How am I afraid of you, puss? How am I afraid of you? All right. And this guy Rick. The problem here is that I make a general statement about things being said that come out of your mouth in here that aren't yours. You're a freaking guitar act. Oh, that. Oh, now. All right. All right. You're the most original guy in the world. All right. I wrote the damn thing. You go on. That's the freaking devil, Jemaw. I wrote it. Go. The English guy. I can go through my whole act when I wrote. Yeah, this is not the hard part. No, I'm talking about when you're in here when everyone thinks you're such a freaking genius on the air. And I go, Oh, I can't. That's Jeff Ross's actually. Then you stop doing that. When you stop doing that, the listeners believe it's your stuff. I said Jordan Rubin today. I said Jordan Rubin's name today. Today I said it. All I know. We've got an entertaining radio and we've given plugs out. That's it. That isn't at the bottom line. What did we plug? What did we plug? Let's plug. Nothing. I'm talking about whenever you guys have come in. No, no, no. You're now going to plug when everyone thinks you're a bunch of pussies because oh, and they aren't sticking up or saying anything. And on the phone, you don't do it wrong. We didn't have a problem with you until today. Now I definitely have a problem with you guys. Oh, yeah. Yes. I do. Paul, we walk in every week. We hand you a CD and we say we want it. We're doing a show. Oh, another plug. Yeah. You make us feel like that. We say it to Joe. He gets it. Take him a water is in the water for everybody. I know the fat guy needs water. Jake. Jesus. Well, that's over the line. Stop. What do you mean stop? No, this is when you do it. This is when we hash it out. You don't stop now. The point is. Oh, that's over the line. No, it's not over the freaking line. Mike. Mike. What? I don't have a problem with you. Okay, fine. He does. He's basically calling me a fag to my face. I thought that was Jay. I didn't call you a fag. Whatever. Oh, that's right. You slammed my song. It looks like the pyramid from 8 is enough. You see, this just really worked out well for us, Billy. I'm glad when I dragged it out. I'm glad you're able to. We said walk all over it and back pedal and then friggin air sick doesn't mean crap to them. You upstairs with more paintings with us after the road show when we were sitting talking with you there? Yeah. Okay. I thought maybe I was alone here and stuff that. Yeah, yeah. All of a sudden didn't happen. Yeah. Paul, I got off the plane Friday. I called. I didn't hear anything. The first thing I do, I get off the plane Friday, I call them and tell them that someone was chanting their stuff out in Arizona and they go, hey, these guys got a problem with you. And I go, I don't know who the fact is. They go, it's Paul's partner. I go, oh, Paul's great. There's nothing. They go, Paul open for you with the shore. I go, well, there's nothing opener about Paul Bond. I didn't know you had a problem. I did not have a pump you up. I go, Paul Bond, the black when we the first show we had at Rascals, you introduced me and I whispered in your ear. Did you walk off state? I said, I have no idea why the hell you're opening for anybody. Do you remember that? Yes. Oh, now you're now you're nice guy. No, no, no, no. What I said on the air? I have trouble finding you. You have the opportunity to go on the show and and and say to everybody that Jay steals on the air. So who made you the comedy police? Who made you the guy to maybe my conscience got to me? Do you know what? What? People are conscience is funny. I have loyalty to my friends. Does it matter who's going up? Is he going around? It was that. It was that. It was that. What I thought was he was trapping on them after a while. It's the J Moore show. I'm sorry, buddy. I could hung up the phone and Anthony can't be as funny as buddy. Hackett, your buddy. None of us can. None of us can. I know. So you turned to Anthony and make him feel well, he didn't feel because you know why? He's so encapsulated by you being such a freaking star. I'm trying to figure out why. I'm still trying to figure out why. I'm still trying to figure out why. I'm still trying to figure out why. That's the difference between him and us, pal. No, no. It comes down to let me explain something. You guys are jealous. Jay, Jay, why can't you hit the button now? I'm not jealous. You guys are jealous. It's the freaking truth. You guys are jealous. I get lamb back. You don't show respect to one or the other. You guys are jealous. You want jokes to I steal. I can't tell you what you're doing. You work with me. We give you guys respect. Hold on a minute. I worked with you for an entire weekend at the Rascals shore. You saw me do an hour and 15 minutes every night and now all of a sudden you can't tell me what jokes I do on stage. I don't know what you do on stage that isn't yours, Jay. I don't know because I live in LA. All I can be responsible for knowing is what happens here in New York City. Women getting ready for bed. The difference between the dog, the cat, the litter box, all that stuff. My dog eating her own poop. Yeah, you call me playing guitar. That's 45 minutes right there. That's 45 minutes for me. That's from my mind. I'm a doodiac and you're making fun of a guitar act. A doodiac. That's the whole thing. Why do you want to go there? That's just baby crap. I'm taking guitar act back because I don't care who does what on the stage. If you make the audience laugh, that's your job. You never mentioned me even after the damn show. That was the middle of one day. I'm on Friday and you're on Friday. No, you never mentioned me after. We did six shows together. We got along great. Everything was cool. He pumped you Friday on our show. Wait, he ate the bird. He did on Friday. I'm talking about after Rascals. Is there a sick productions? Well, not here. You want him to drag you around like Deena Cola? Six lesbians up here. Deena Cola, Deena Cola, Deena Cola. I didn't hear one damn six-ball in my head. And that's not jealousy? Did he plug you? Why is it his job to plug you? It's not his job. It's called respect. I've known him for ten years. You better credit Rodney Bangerfield for that line. You better not get any respect back in the fight with a guy who weighs 200 pounds less than you. I don't ever recall backing up there, pal. You keep talking all this crap. We're going to be at seven o'clock. It's only 20 minutes away. Cool your jets, pal. You'll be looking up at the sky soon enough. It's good to be able to have a good time. Oh, we got an hour of this? Great. No, no, no. He's got a show. No, I've got a cover in my head from hanging out with you. He's got a show. Oh, my God. Stephen Lynch also wants to know you won the way I've been on the show. Do you wonder why Stephen has been on the show? I cracked the moon at a guy. That's normal. That was funny. I don't care. That's funny. That's good radio when you're not on the air. That's what you do in your private life. We were in Boston. That's private life. Opie, would you ever, hold on, Opie, would you ever, if I walked into your hotel, Paul, come on over, would you ever bare ass open your butt and then look and say, oh, look at this, this is my ear. Isn't this funny? And if someone does that, you can't handle it. I'm sorry, but it's not exactly. You're like a homophobe. I'm not a homophobe, dude. I'm tired of him being one way or the other. You can't be a basher and a gay guy at the same time. What do you care? What do you do? I know it's none of your business. What do you care? Why is he doing good radio? Who the F cares? And that's the bottom line when you're saying that you don't get the respect from us and I'm starstruck by him. The bottom line, and all I give a flying F about, is if this show sounds good, if Jay does a week worth of radio and the only bearing I have on what his performance has been is emails, feedback and phone calls and everyone's raving, that's all I care about. That's right. That's it. It has nothing to do with his personal life. Well, how come last week Billy called, it was 50-50 down the middle, but now you're all of a sudden, it's one way, Anthony. You know, whatever the freaking- It's only one way now. What do you mean? Because you sound like it's- It was last week. You guys sound like complete idiots. Yeah, it is one way now. You know what? No, we sound like idiots right now. We said the same thing we said last week and it was 50-50. Billy, last week on the phone it was 50-50 because you were making sense, but today you guys sounded like complete idiots. You take the calls, I defy you to find two. Put them on the air. Complete idiots. You sound like jealous crybabies. We count complete idiots. You sound like jealous crybabies. In the comedy community, you don't steal. You don't steal. You guys are in the comedy community. None of you have- You haven't been. Okay. You are? It's a protocol. Let's go over my set last night. I did it in 20 minutes. I don't know. I don't know. I want to hear. No, we don't even want to hear. Jay doesn't have to defend himself. I take double read. I stand up back. I take great pride in what I do. I think it's a craft. You know what? You crush. You really do. And I can't take that away from you. You can't say that I crush you with somebody else's bits. It's stuff from his life. I don't see how- It's stuff about algebra, it's stuff about the movie projector, it's stuff about kickball, dodgeball. I've been listening for a long time here. Obviously you guys are jealous because he gets more of a compliment. No, it's not jealous. Yeah, it is. Are we going to fight or not? What was the first thing you said? I've been waiting two hours in the hall. I never told you guys an exact time when you were going to be on the radio. Oh yeah? Well, tell your people then because your people did. Whatever. Oh, whatever. Don't give us whatever. Whatever. Sometimes you got to wait. Sometimes you got to wait. Jay, how long did you wait? Well, I didn't. Yeah, I know. Hey, I'll tell you why because his average is much better than you guys. You want to be honest? Yeah, I want to be honest. You want to be honest? His average is much better than you guys. That's why he does away because when he comes in here, he kills every single freaking moment he's on the air. All your listeners feel that way too, huh? Most of them. I brought some emails in with me too. Let's go to the next. Whatever. You want to be honest? You want to be honest? Some of the stuff you guys do is really funny but your average is nowhere near his. This is nice. This is nice. This is nice. This is nowhere near his. I'm Ted Williams. I'm Ted Williams of Ruben Sierra. You guys look different. We're talking off the air and it's a different story than right now. Now, you guys are coming like, Oh wait, Jay. What? That's not true. That's not true. That's not true. And it comes down to what I said. Now, it comes down to on the air. What sounds good on the air? I'm not here. Aren't you lucky you're getting a break? I guess the I did a problem here guys that I made this going on in the air for million listeners dear god please let this fat guy in me hook up alone either after the show or before after a set of my shows and you know what I would even pray for victory what happens happens will throw will throw if I get knocked out congratulations I'll kiss your feet but I don't think it's going to go away fat ass all jay you're so brilliant fat jokes you're not you got fat guy in your t-shirt I'm saying that's how brilliant you are you go for the obvious be original try being original for once in your goddamn life okay I just said the crackhead teddy bear I said you guys got to sell the teddy bears that was about ten minutes and I did that off the air I didn't even lose a little bit of the air this is going nowhere you know what it all it amounts to is that whatever I said which obviously I take a lot of comedic I take it back that was not thank you it was not fair because you crush and I don't care and my friends my comic friends know and I always defend people they go oh Carrot Top this I go look I don't care what Carrot Top brings on stage he does his job I'd much rather see a guy like Paul Bonds go up on a guitar and crush and like a Janine Garofalo yeah I'll say the names Janine Garofalo or like Andy Kenner go up who were too hit for the room like a Margaret Cho and lose the room I agree with you on that you absolutely destroyed and you do right your stuff and I said that in a heat of passion and I actually had no beef with you when I popped you up Friday but this guy coming off his chair to come over here and I don't think he's coming over to rub my freaking shoulders that's why I got up in one after him you got you took your headset off you were coming over here sorry didn't mean that one sorry guys you're talking crap down the hall you're talking crap and if you think I'm backpedaling when you're privately with Kevin and what your name again Steve I'm sorry Steve it's a heat of passion and Anthony's brother these guys these are some big boys you asked them how hard I was trying to get to you I know how hard I wanted to punch you right in your face you got it on video I didn't go anywhere I didn't go anywhere I know that Jay that doesn't change anything about what you are you're a phony two-faced little prick that's absolutely not true so it doesn't offend me it's absolutely not true so it doesn't bother me tell these guys face to face you're the only show I'll ever do he never said that did I do Howard he's done Howard no I didn't Casey called Matt Frost where's Frosty? Casey called Matt Frost dude I don't even care I care whatever we say it doesn't matter it doesn't matter it doesn't matter it doesn't matter I don't care it doesn't mean that much to me anymore you know you made me realize it doesn't mean that much to me anymore I'm talking to you two the walls right here I'm letting Obi and Anthony Timmary into this conversation right now okay that's their show it was. Well Paul's leaving. There's one less guy to hold you back if we want to go out and begin let's send one of these guys out why do you think this is funny? Because I know I'm gonna kick your ass. That's what's funny to me yeah you should do that on stage. That's original why don't you come on stage? Paul, Billy. I'll be glad to. Billy you guys aren't here remember? Wait you talk about originality every time we've had you at a roadshow what have you done? what have you asked me to do? Chris Farley. Yeah what have you asked me to do? I don't know what else you do. Oh okay. Well I'm being honest I couldn't name another bit you do I haven't seen you live I know you do Chris Farley you talk about originality that's that's not too original. It's another one no one who does an impression now is a thief? I guess so Okay so you're gonna have a thief? You're gonna have Kevin Pollack in it. So you're gonna be a thief when he does impressions? You know what let me define that for you. If you do the impression of the person and actually do their jokes you're a thief a la Elon Gold. Right. If you do an impression of a comic and make up your own jokes that's fine okay right. Walken doesn't have any jokes so I got off easy. Andrew McCarthy Andrew McCarthy doesn't have any jokes they got off easy. De Niro doesn't have any jokes Pesci doesn't have any jokes. So again it's coming to me now or us You know what it's like it's absolutely amazing. Mary what's up? Should we cut a little? Mary? Yes. Hi what's up? Well I just have a little bit of input here I think that Jay you don't need to defend yourself at all I think that these two guys are completely out of their league I think that I mean let's get with the program here Jay you guys and LP Anthony you're real celebrities here don't waste your time with insidious thinking. See that's it that's where you're going. Give me a celebrity here. See that's the thing Everyone's starstruck. Get off of it and realize what a thief is. If somebody came to your job and stole your paperwork would you be a little pissed? Yeah I think you'd be a little pissed and a little hot. You never legitimize Jay's success. I don't know what you're doing in your act that's yours or not. I don't know. And has Jay stolen anything from you Paul? For me no. Who am I to steal? No but I'm getting crap from other Congress because I'm on a show that supports Jay Moore and I'm not saying anything. Stick up for yourselves with the other comments and tell them to go f themselves. Apparently now that's the direction I gotta go because I got no support here. If I do an hour and fifteen minutes of material that's original and starfish slips its way in I don't think that's being a thief. And I would bet money Otto and George got it from someone else too. It's not that original. You throw lines around when you're drinking when you're friends at a bar. I've got my whole life and I don't think they all got it from Otto and George. I pump Otto and George up more than anybody. I've never heard you mention him on the show. I've heard him mention Otto. I absolutely did. And he mentioned that he got it in a show action. And I got him seven grand on my freaking TV show. Did it air? No. Oh that's my fault the Fox canceled the show. I'm a bad guy. They canceled the show because I stole all my lines. I stole my lines from Ian Zerri. Oh wait you hear this? The show got canceled and it has nothing to do with Jay. Cut the losses. There's nothing to be gained anymore from this situation. Everything's lost. Everything's foul for us. No you're wrong Paul because it's still AirSick Productions. You guys are still on the air. Like all the fans want to hear us now Jay. You heard what Paul said. Paul believe it or not I don't have a problem with you right now at this moment. My only problem when you say I steal my problem is you haven't been able to identify. I'll go through my entire act but it's not that long of a show because I got overthrown. I wish a comic with a backbone would call up. You're not even admitting it now. Why are you going to admit it if you go through your set list? Paul no one's going to call up. What comic wrote my massage bed? What comic wrote my Ricky Lake stuff? What comic wrote all that? The English guy? The way he landed at the airport? Don't even screen the calls. Let the calls come through live and see what comes through. My only problem now is you taking your headset off and rushing at me. Why is that a problem for you now? Why is that a problem for you now? Because you can't look at me. You came at me. It's done. It's done. Mid done. He goes on. That's the end of the story. When you're all hanging out going rascals, rascals, rascals and everything's well. Say it again for me. Oh yes guys. When are you going to leave without fighting me? I told you Brooklyn Dining. You want me to write it down for you pussy? I'll be there. Okay. And now we got witnesses so if I don't go there you know I'm a pussy. I think he's plugging a diamond. Now that's funny. I'm sorry. That's a pretty good line. Kevin, you guys get on mic. Come here. I want you guys on mic. And these guys, we got them on video, right? Kevin, how much do you bench? Kevin, what do you weigh? About 325. What do you bench? If the people weren't in there. He weighs 325. Now it's about who's stronger. Now it's about who has a bigger penis now. It's ridiculous. No, no, Paul, please. If those people weren't in here you two would have been throwing at each other. And he's saying, because he said I was backpedaling, blah, blah, blah. Look at the size of this. I want you guys to get on mic and say I was practically through these two. These guys are giants. It was obvious that, yeah, please, you both would have been on each other. Please. I'm having entertainment. Oh, and your brother, and somebody was over there holding him back. You can't... I'm sorry this happened. This is not what I wanted for... You can't have fisticuffs in the studio, like I said before. Why not? The guy took his headset off and came at me. What are you supposed to do? Let a guy smack you? I love this. Are you planning on doing it, Anthony? No, I would love to see a good fist fight. I can't afford a lawsuit. I'd like to be in one more than the next guy. Jay, you've got to know about that. Right? Come on. He came at me. The man got off his chair and came at me. That's assault. Yeah, then, okay. You pound... No, I'm not talking for you. The guy weighs 350 pounds and came at me. Jay, you punch him in the face. He falls down and dies. All of a sudden his family is suing who? Who? Me, because I got more money than you. You, right? No, no. The station. Everybody. The station. Everybody. My brother. Jay, please. I want to leave some money for my ex-wife. Please, please don't take it all. For the love of God. I would like to state on the air to 4 million people listening in their cars, I think Paul Bond is hilarious. And the fat guy I think needs a beating. But Paul Bond, I don't think should take any... I have no problem with Paul Bond in this entire situation. I think he's a good guy. I think he's a good guy. I think he's a good guy. I think he's a good guy. I think he's a good guy. I think he's a good guy. I have no problem with Paul Bond in this entire situation. My problem though is when you guys call me like a thief and like a fake, that's not a problem because I know me and I know in my heart and heart it's just not true. So that doesn't bother me. When I mix in starfish with an hour and a half of A-plus material and in your words crush and get a standing ovation or an encore or whatever, that doesn't bother me at all because it's just not true. What bothers me is that guy coming off the stool at me and Paul Bond to this day I will go on record as saying absolutely destroyed and he's got no business opening for anybody and I think he was just doing Camacho and Mark Magnuson, the rascals of Faber, keeping the show together because I think he was supposed to headline that weekend and it was hard following a guy who's so goddamn funny. Well thanks because I'm sure I'm not going to be on the show anymore. I think you will be on the show some more. No, I don't think... I had a... Jay, it's gotten very bad. It's gotten very bad. This has gotten so bad that I have no... You have not been formally dubbed the enemy of the show. All right. Me and him getting a fight and you're with him. Don't hold me back. Hold him back. Because I don't want to get punched in the mouth when someone's grabbing my arms. I just didn't. I didn't want it to go this way. We didn't know there was going to be a fist fight. The guy came off the stool and rushed me. Hey, look, I understand. I saw the whole thing. Believe me and I know if both of you weren't being held back, there would have been somebody would have gotten very bad. Very badly, hurt very badly. It wouldn't have been me, baby. I don't need that. Thank you. I didn't want to burn this. I don't want to burn the brick. Why don't you cut the rascals tonight and do some time? Let's make up the rascals. Jesus Christ. I'm serious. Is this live? Yeah. Here we go. Okay, now come on everybody. Kumbaya, Lord. Kumbaya. Wal-Bond is coming to rascals. Kumbaya, my Lord. That guy's a bit knocked out. Kumbaya. Kumbaya. Kumbaya. Kumbaya, Lord. It is war right now. Kumbaya. Whoa! Whoa! Does everybody feel better now? Hey, can I put this on? Paul, you want to come to rascals? I have a dream today. I have somebody else to ask it to. Billy. Well, I'm out here in front of the Brooklyn Diner. Where's the bag? Oh my God. Please take the whole crap down the air. Where is the bag? I'm down here. Where is the bag? You're not even ready. Yeah, that's what I do. You know, who's talking about being the tough guy and being down here? Oh, I'm down here. Where are you, faggot? I'll be on my way down. Why don't you guys read some of the instant feedbacks I was reading before I came on the air calling Jay a homo and a two-faced son of a bitch? You haven't read any of those on the air, have you? I'm leaving the instant feedback away. Come on, we'll look at them then. I'm waiting for you, buddy. I'm in here. I'm in here, Jay. I will be down. I just invited your partner to come and do time. How do you feel about that? I'm waiting for you, buddy. I don't give a... What, Paul's going to come and do time with you? Yeah, I'm going to come and do time with you. Over my dead body. Oh, in about five minutes we'll have that done. Jay, I'm going to be pissing on your head. Hey, Billy, if I don't do time tonight, I'm done. Paul, you're not doing time tonight. Do I have to say it any clearer? Oh, boy. Dude, I can't not do time. You can't not do time. Do you want to become a bitch like Dean Nicole or what? No, Billy, but you know what? Billy, this has gotten too ugly. This has gone too far. Yeah, thank you for the nice birthday present, Paul. Billy. You son of a bitch. Today's your birthday? Yeah, it's my birthday. Oh, good. Then I feel better punching in those. Yeah, you're doing it. Yeah, Jay. It's nice. You're doing a lot of talk for somebody who's still up there, pal. You think I'm going to leave without plugging the show? I'm going to do it for you. How about, Jay, tonight, rascals, tomorrow night? Come and see him. No, I forgot something. Tonight with Paul Bond, your former partner, your fat ass, so he leaves with tonight. Yeah, we will. We will. Billy, why are you telling Paul what to do? That is a little weird, too. Billy, I'm not knowing anything. I'm trying to say whatever we got left, Billy. Billy, I'm not knowing anything. Wait, Paul, when did we start having a problem, Paul? Wait, I'm going to knock. Don't forget that. When did me and you start having a problem? We don't have a problem. We don't have a problem, Billy. Jay, shut the hell up. You're nothing. Shut up. Billy. I'm going to do something in a minute. Billy, we don't have a problem. Jay, keep talking, you faggot. You're telling all the listeners you're going to come and kick my ass. Well, here I am. I got to leave, take a leak, and get in an elevator. Jesus, give a guy a call. Any excuses? Any more excuses, pussy? Billy, listen. In all fairness to Jay, there's no way he's going to be able to get out of this studio. Of course. One, two, three, four. Hey guys, of course it's all fairness. Billy. There's six people between Jay and the door. You tell me how to get through the door. Hold on. I'm going to go get the door. I'm going to go get the door. I'm going to go get the door. I'm going to go get the door. Hold it. You know what I'm starting to think? I'm thinking that Jay called Paul at some point. They got together and they're trying to scam something on us. What? What? You two almost feel like you're in cahoots right now. Billy. Billy. If I don't go. I'll know when you punch that guy in the face. No, Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Hold on. Jay. Jay. Jay. Jay is taking a leak. Let him go. Anthony. Yeah. I don't know what to do. I'm starting to think. Oh, I swear. I got this inkling. You know how I am. I'm getting an inkling that something is predetermined between these guys. We're done if I don't do time tonight. So why does that make me look like the bad guy? Because your partner doesn't know what you're doing. Maybe I've got to think about what my partner's anger is right now and do what's right for the show instead of what my partner is feeling. This could be a nice wrestling story. So you're going to bail on me now for a five minute show? I'm not bailing on you, Billy. I'm saying what we've got left. Yes. How is it that I don't have any sides? I'm not on their side. Did they invite me to do the damn show? Yeah. Were you on the show already, Paul? Or is this like throwing your down? Billy. The prop. What am I supposed to do here? Hello? I've got to take a break. Jay invited me to do the show. Just for the record, I'm still out here and still no Jay Faggot. He's in the bathroom. Yeah, of course he is. Probably whacking him off looking at the blue boys. Easy. All right, we've got to take a break. Hey, was that a joke? That was funny. Yeah, I'm getting at it. Oh, okay, good, yeah. Maybe I'll come in as often as Tina Colman now. All right. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. Where is Anthony? It's Opie and Anthony. We're back on the radio. We had to come back into spots. 1027 WNAW. Someone get in. Did Anko downstairs? All right. Well, we got... Hey, Rick. Yeah. What's going on? Well, we have a crowd gathering. Yeah. You think it's Vegas or something, the way people are lining up around here. All right. Hold on. Yeah, go ahead. Anthony, I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. I'm going to go get some water. All right. Hold on. Yeah, go ahead. Anthony, Anthony's downstairs, I guess. Oh, good, good. Tell him we can't get a line inside the building. He's got to come outside. Someone tell Anthony to go outside. Just give me a phone. Hello? Just give me a phone. Here comes Anthony. Here comes Anthony. Got me? Jay, what's up? Can you hear me? Yeah, I got you. All right. I'm going out now. All right. Anthony, what's going on? Well, I'm down here in the courtyard. I'm not believing this, but Jay's coming out now. All right. I'm going out now. All right. All right. I'm not believing this, but Jay's coming out now. I'm still until someone... Where is he? I can't hear you. Dude, they're going to go. They're going to go. At this point, I think we've been having it. Wait a minute. All right, they're throwing. They're not throwing. There they go. Yeah, they're fighting. That guy is on Jay. Holy cow. Don't hold him back. Someone's going to get hurt. Just hold him. They just pulled him apart. They went a little bit. I don't know if anyone got the files. I don't know if anyone got the files. I don't know if anyone got the files. I don't know if anyone got the files. I don't know if anyone got the files. I don't know if anyone got the files. Yeah, dude. Now that they just got separated again. Yeah. He's not his friend. Why don't you fuck it in? They just got separated. All right. But I didn't see any real punches being thrown. Don't hold anybody if they get hurt. All right. Don't hold anybody if they get hurt. Alright, they just went on Fat Guy. How many people are down there? Dude, I'm not buying this. No, I'm not either at this point. I'm not buying this. I'm not believing this. I don't believe this. Why won't you believe it? We think we're on each other and nothing. That I would purposely come in here and make us look like a-holes? You think I'd see me in Rastle? Hello. I don't know. I'm not believing it. Who's this? Opie. This guy fights like a girl. I don't know, because people still pull them apart. What? They're just pulling us apart. This is better than- If they kick each other's ass then it's real. This is better than the WWF, Anthony. If they kick each other's ass it's real, Anthony? If they kick each other's ass it's real? Yeah, if all of a sudden somebody laid in some of the- Well, tell him to stop. I'm not afraid that Billy can't handle himself. Tell him to stop pulling him by. I'm still not believing it. He was part of the whole package. I think they're protecting you, pal. He's serious. I don't know. It might be authentic. I've been wrong, believe me. No, Paul- I don't believe Paul anymore. That guy's so out of breath. Jay would kill him right now. Yeah. I just tried to attack him. Yeah. Hey, what's going on down there? They're holding Jay back. That guy's standing there. They're about 10 yards apart. But there's people holding each of them back. They won't let him go. They won't let him fight. How many people are down there? Traffic is stopped on 57. The courtyard is intact. And, uh- Yeah, let them fight. Give them a time limit of five. We can't sanction anything. We cannot sanction anything. If they go at it, they'll go at it. Unfortunately, that's the only way I would believe it. I do the plastic! Here comes the plastic! Wait a minute. Yeah, they're screaming at each other. Here comes Judge Muflain. This is all outside the Brooklyn Diner. Yeah, there's a huge crowd at the Bella Fane. Surprisingly, no cops yet. I'm waiting for- I'll see you tonight. They keep on plugging. I'll see you tonight. Yeah. I'm going inside. All right. Judge Muflain. I'm going inside. Hey, what's going on? I don't know. Jay's coming back up. I'm talking. I'm talking. They locked Jay in the- They just locked Jay in the revolving door. They locked Jay up himself. Let the record reflect. I came out here and I snatched you around. And we got separated. I'm a pussy! You are waiting like 200 pairs! How can I be a pussy? You are waiting like two men! Who got hit in the head? I didn't get hit in the head. I'm pretty. That was him. I landed six shots on you, pal. These people saw it. I came out of the studio to come and fight you. I didn't back down from you. Everyone knows I did not back down from you. You're a punk. You are 20. All right, Ant. Yeah. Oh, my God. That guy is just like- That guy is just like- Yeah. Hello? Yelp from there. Everyone's heard you already. We're in the studio. We're in the lobby now. Where's my hand? Everyone's going back upstairs. That guy's still waiting out here. All right, Ant. Come on back up. All right. The phones are breaking up in the lobby, so we're going to take a break. Okay, man. I'll see you in a little bit, Ant. Anthony on Mind Spring Internet Services. Are you kidding me? No, I'm not. We'll get screwed. It's a joke, right? I know. It's no longer a radio show, but we've got to take care of the sponsors. Mind Spring Internet Services, Anthony. Did you curse? No. The J. Moore fat guy fight brought you by Mind Spring. I separated, but I'd like to say for the record, on the judges' cards on the way up, I landed six clean shots, but he's so freaking fat, you can't even feel him. I got to see the video. The cursing is crazy. You got hit in the ear. I know. Jeff Norris has made it into the studio. Jeff Norris got clocked in a year. He got clocked. Archie got swollen. Archie got clocked. What did I say on my way to the elevator? You want to go down alone? Don't follow me down, because it's going to get separated. I landed, I threw the first punch, and I missed. I got pussied. I glanced one off his face, and then he grabbed me, and then we started throwing. You guys sent like fifteen freaking people down there. I didn't send nobody. No, we didn't send anybody. They followed you. Where the hell is my box cap? Screw the box. They suck anyway. Hey, don't get him. He's an old man. Look at his hand. The fat guy's down there holding court. Everyone's down there cheering for me. Archie Bunker's hat in the bag. What's Archie Bunker saying? No, geez. I'm going to hit the gym here. I didn't do anything wrong. What the hell is going on? Fat guy, Paul Arley. I'm going to hit a fat guy. Oh my God. All right, listen. I didn't say that. All right, hold on. Billy's back on the phone, but we've got to talk about MindSpring, Anthony. Yes, MindSpring Internet Service. Haven't they teamed with EarthLink? They've joined forces with EarthLink to bring you the best Internet access in the world. Here's the deal. It's very simple. Call 1-888-M-SPRING today, and MindSpring will give you the first three months of service for the price of one. That's three months of service for the price of one. They'd be called MindSpring Internet Services at 1-888-M-SPRING. Call 1-888-M-SPRING now and ask for the three months of service for the price of one. That's 1-888-M-SPRING. You'd be happier using MindSpring. We'll be back. Stay there. Anthony, Rockaway Betting. Hey, Jay, Jay, back in the studio from his... Melee. You've got to be in on the Rockaway Betting library, right? Right, Jay? You know, my back and my vertebrae are so well aligned that I was able to withstand an overhand right from a 350-pound man that I slipped and hit Jeff Norris in his left... Oh, he hit you? Look at his ear. I thought Fat Guy hit you. Oh, your ear is destroyed, man. He's a Rockaway Betting. He's like a judo champ. He can take the shot. I ducked it. Look how red his ear is. I saw Billy hit him. No, the Fat Guy hit him. He went to hit me and I slipped and he hit me. Oh, okay. So the Fat Guy did hit you. Yeah, I got more cauliflower and panth mark. Billy's with the cops downstairs. Hold on, we'll get to Rockaway Betting in a second. Fat Guy. I've got a question for you guys. If Jay isn't a big pussy and scared to meet me, why did his manager call the police the little scared faggot? The manager doesn't want me to get sued because he's afraid. Why did your manager call the police if you're not a little faggot and he's looking out for your well-being? Because that's his job. You look out for a pussy? Jay, you should be very proud. You should be very proud that your manager had to call the police because you can't defend yourself. I think you should be very proud. I think you just got to show the people who know you best really do know you best, Jay. I think the people on the street saw me land six shots to your fat ass. Jay, you can talk all you want. Let's talk. We've got to have a video. Jay, I didn't torture you. Why can't you see the videotape, you little puss? How come your manager had to call the police? How come your manager had to call the police? Are you going to get hurt? What, is your manager going to call the police? What, is he protecting you from me? If I had a manager, I'd hope he would call the police. How do you call the police? I went down there to fight you. And what did I say when I left the studio? Nobody follow me. Let's go down and fight. I was kicking people out of the elevator because I don't want anybody to break it up. I tried to back me up. Yeah, Billy, Jay did. He tried to sneak out and everyone ran. And followed him. I see how quickly they caught up to him. It's called an elevator. Really? Thank you, Clint. Why don't you come down by yourself? You have to wait. Put Jay on the phone privately. Let's talk off the air. You're not going to let me come down by myself. We've got to do it at the same time. Your pussy manager is protecting you, right? Yeah, that's his job, Billy. I had nothing to do with it. Oh, okay. Look, Billy, this is his pussy manager. I know ass-shooters who got fucked. Oh, Billy. Hey, Billy, how you doing, man? I'm fine. Were you worried for your client? Yeah, this is his pussy manager. Oh, hi, pussy manager. How are you? How you doing, buddy? It's also known as the Big Jew. That's the Big Jew, Barry Ketch. Are you okay, man? You need some tea? Tea? Some tea. How about a bagel and a ganache? All right, man. You've got to calm down, you know. Okay, how can you call the cops? Barry! How can you call the cops? What are you afraid of? I think he's afraid for you because he's seen me fight before. I'm not at this party. What the hell does he care? I've never seen Jay fight a bag of onions before. Oh! Come on. Get off the phone. Get this kite off the phone. Oh, my God, Billy, man. Wow. You've got to watch it, though. Racist stuff. That's line three of one of the songs. All right, hang on. All right, hang on. For the record, for the record, and I'll get, I'm going to leave and you guys can close the show with all your reads. And I want the listeners to listen to these commercials because they're great sponsors. I'll be at Razzle tonight at 8.30. If Billy wants to come down and fight me, I will be there. All right? And I don't want anybody in the audience to hear his name while I'm on stage because it's just going to take away from the comedy. And where's Paul? Paul left. Paul left, too? But I want it known for the record. I begged you guys to let me go to the elevator alone. You would not let me. I said I was taking up this and then I ran to the elevator. But then you had to wait for the elevator and everyone caught up to you. And then I'm waiting for the elevator. Norris the Kung Fu expert gets in like, hey, you don't have to do this. You got your career. I'm like, Kev, I'm not planning on losing. I wouldn't go out there if I thought the guy was going to beat me up. I'm not going to question the way to know who's... I can't. Oh, man. What a hot man. That was... Anthony comes down and he goes, I'll know it's real if you actually punch him. I've done this six times! Look. Jeff Norris has cauliflower ears because I ducked him over him right. I know. I didn't sink. That fat bastard had one shot in him and I ducked it. I'll be honest. It was getting so weird in here that we weren't... It was just getting so surreal and a little weird. The guy came at me! I saw him. I saw him. He got me! I saw everything, trust me. But then it just started getting so over the top weird that we're like, wait, maybe they're in cahoots or something. Yeah, at the time the way you invite Paul to open the show, you can almost admit it. Divide and conquer. I know, divide and conquer. Divide and conquer. That was a brilliant move, by the way. Freaking brilliant. Because now he wanted to do the show very badly. Now we hook up alone. It's just the two of them and me. Now Paul's not going to punch me in the back of the head. He's like, well, he did well from the start. That was a brilliant move, though, man. And then Billy's telling Paul he can't do time. Like he's his lover or something. Yeah, he's calling me gay. And he's like, sweetheart, you can't go on. Sweetheart, you got your piano lesson. We should do something where we can, you know, maybe even in a ring or something. Oh, that would be great. No gloves. No gloves. No tag team. A real fight club. No gloves. Look at these knuckles. I know I can. I'll open them up. Look at these knuckles. Cut right through his skin. You got the same knuckles as I do. Razor blades. All right, Jay, before we let you go to rascals, one show tonight, you should do like eight shows tonight. I can't. You should do an all-nighter tonight. They're going to be at the door. I know I didn't waste any energy on the fat bastards. I'm going to crack that up, chocodokit. All right, Rockaway Bedding. What can you tell the fine folks about Rockaway Bedding? Jay Moore. I know for a fact that I just threw six unimpeded body blows to a fat bastard, and my back feels fine because I slept for nine hours last night on my queen-size Rockaway Bed. And they had it over, over 50% off everybody. Like, what is it, 65 now? It's ridiculous, Rockaway Bedding. They have many, many, many stores. 130 in the city. 130 in the city. That's more stores. That's more stores. That's more stores. That's 124 more stores than I threw punches on the fat guy. I don't mind the bed from my ear. Actually, no, 123 because my overhand, my lead right, my freaking lead right missed. That's what pisses me off. How did a fat guy like that move his head that fast? God damn. It went right up the side of his left cheek. Yeah, it took two and a half minutes. I'm going to go to the bathroom. It went right up the side of his left cheek. Hey, Ann, it took two and a half hours, but we're finally getting comedy out of J. Oh, my God. Hey, but you didn't say that. Hey, did you hear that, Billy? Everybody made fun of me. And he stole that from somebody. Hey, guys, I love you. And oh, this is the Matt Hawaii shirt. Yes. Which I stole. Yes, you stole that. You stole that, you stole the shirt. All right, listen, let's wrap up the round. I got to cool down. I'm like nuts now. All right, man. What are you doing tomorrow? Why does somebody else come in here that you want to get out? Yeah, but you got to keep the goons out. You got to keep the bodyguards out. No one else will get into the studio tomorrow. We got to get the lesbian... I'll fight that. ...chicks, naked girls. We need the lesbian kiddie pool for tomorrow. I'll fight the lesbians. Someone said we need a naked girl in glass with a hammer next to it in case of emergency. Just like, well, break the glass and naked chick will be out. No, the hostilities cease. I got a good idea. Me and him fight, no bodyguards. The winner gets the whore. A little incentive. You see the whore going, come on, Jake. Come on, Jake, please. Why? It's a joke. If I said it the other way, everything would be fine. Jeff Norris wants in now, too. Jeff Norris got a tattoo of karate on his arm. I know, that's bad, man. He gets in the other arm like, Jeff, let me go. I'm not going out there to lose, Jeff. I'm concerned. He's the size of the sky. When you go outside and bench T.J. on Fridays, more comedy tonight. Thanks for letting me plug rascals tonight and tomorrow night. You stole that line. Who's that from? I want Jeff to come down and open. Because Dean O'Caller was cold opening and it's a tough gig. So I'll talk to the magazine. It's only going to be like five minutes. Just to watch you bunk out. I'm going to be in the room. I'm going to be in the room. I'm going to be in the room. Five minutes. Just to watch you bunk and get off the stage. Don't forget, Stone Temple Pilots will be there tonight. Rascals and tomorrow night at Irving Plaza. Corvette and Testiverty, tomorrow night also. That's a given. Are you going to be beating them up? No, no. Corvette would melt me. Thanks, guys. I love you. We want to say goodbye to you. It's Rockaway Bedding, 1-800-TRI-BED. Rockaway Bedding is the official provider of mattresses for Anthony and our buddy J. Moore. 1-800-TRI-BED for Rockaway Bedding. I'm all for violence sometimes. Hey, you guys are a bunch of fools. God, I want to punch you in the face. That'll leave a bruise. 1027 WNEW. It's the Opie and Anthony show. Holy mother of God. Opie, this just in. Nikki from We Deliver Keggers called and she's jealous of all the attention that's been given. She's going to be the host of the show. She's going to be the host of the show. Keggers called and she's jealous of all the attention Smelly Karen was getting. Want to confront her live in the air? Yeah, can't confront that. All right, well, that was quite an interesting little display in the last two and a half hours, wouldn't you say? Billy and Paul somehow got back upstairs. Now they are leaving. Someone make sure they're gone. Jay has left. He'll be at Rascals tonight. I'll tell you one thing, man. I've been doing radio since I was 18. That was the sickest thing I've ever been involved in. Okay, I had my doubts at one point because it was, like you said, getting too over the top. But then after going downstairs and then seeing the pummeling that the ear of Archie Bunker took of Jeff Norris. Everyone's out. Everyone's out of the building. Look at Jeff Norris' ear, if you thought it was fake. No, he took a punch to the side of his head. It's really swollen. Look at from the side. I mean, both of them at once. I'm not getting my arm! Turn around. It looks like an artist show. No, completely around so I can compare the ears. All the way around. And this guy's a brawler. You know, yeah, he's a judo champ. Yeah, I would never mess with Jeff Norris. Oh, geez. No, we can't discuss those. So that was quite entertaining. Chuckles. To say the least. It looked like they got close enough to each other to do some damage, but they didn't. But you have to remember they had like five guys on each of them. They were guys holding arms bad. Holding arms so they couldn't really swim. Yeah, look at all the big, huge guys we had today. And that just happened. Like Steve came down because he comes down for the NFL, we're going to have Jay in here and stuff, and you wanted to get the confrontation on videotape. He's a big guy. So he was here. I don't know why you're here. Laughter. Okay, man. We don't need any more brawling. No, come on. So, Rick, everyone's gone? Yeah. And the cops? The cops are, I guess they let Fat Guy go. So they're probably gone. That was insane down in the courtyard. Jay looked like he was going to rip a door off. It was like high school. It was like the Jets and the Sharks. It was like Riff and Bernardo. Riff and Bernardo down at the playground. Unbelievable. He pushed the elevator door about six times in the way out. Jay? Yeah, I know. Did you see? He was shaking and he like had rage in his eyes. I did security in Boston for six years. It was a struggle holding Jay back. Yeah, Steve was holding a... You were holding him back too. How much do you weigh, Steve? Just so people got a visual here. 310. And he's not fat. No, not at all. Jay's like my size, 170, 175. Jay was so pissed. He's lighter than you, old man. He's lighter than me? What does he go, 160? He was squirming. He was off the ground. I picked him up off the ground. He was like, my friend, Winston, starts his car. That was amazing. Who thought it would come to that? I knew it. I didn't think it would get that ugly. As soon as I saw those guys, they were so freaking pissed when they started the whole thing. I just knew something was going to be said that was going to make it hold on. That's why all the guys were in between. Yesterday, or Friday, when was it that we took the call? I didn't think it would get like this. I didn't think it would get like this. When Paul stuck his head in and was really pissed, that's what I'm saying. I'm like, OK, then I thought it was going to get ugly. But that ugly? No. I didn't think it would get to the point where they were going to start throwing. I had no doubt in my mind somebody was going to throw today. No doubt. And I know fat guy will just speak his mind. So I was just waiting for that to happen. When I first walked in, somebody said, they're going. I was like, no, come on. They're not going to go. And sure as hell, man, they went a couple of minutes. Billy from here is no pushover either. I played college ball and I had to down block him like a pack when he came through. He's a monster. He's huge. He's big. Let's go to the phones. Joe, what's going on? That was the saddest thing I ever saw, man. The saddest? Freaking awful. Guys out there by themselves, put you guys, talking on the cell phone by themselves. Billy was by himself down there? Pathetic. I saw the whole thing outside the Brooklyn diner. That's really sad. Bad news, Tom. Thank you. Someone that said it was real sad. Let's go to Chuck. Hey, Chuck, what's going on? Hey, how are you guys doing? That was the best ever. That was insane. There was never any better. I've been on hold for 45 minutes. I see that. Which is really good because I had to leave the car. I couldn't listen to the radio. I'm in the store and people are like, what are you doing? They're like, oh, it's today, right? They're like, yeah, yeah, today. They're like, oh, let me run out to my car. I'm busy doing work, listening, trying to look important. I'm sitting on hold. I'll be like, yeah, sure. No problem. It was the best. No good. Leave me on hold now. Glad you waited 45 minutes for that. Yeah, I know. Pathetic. Hey, Andy, Dealer Dave checking in from Long Island. He has enough Xanax to get him through his show this evening. Oh my God. Even Jay would laugh at that. Come on. Write that down. You're goofing on Jay. All right. Dave, what's going on? Oh, and what's up? Yeah, I want to make sure you guys don't put these two pussies back on anytime soon. Do I ask it, guys? They've got nothing back themselves. J-More's been on Saturday Night Live, has been in all these movies. What have these two guys got? Nothing. They've got a couple of songs and some stupid shows. All right. Thank you, Dave. Bye. They throw a lot of weight around. Purposely not defending Bill and Paul. Yeah, now we're going to have to defend them. Now, you know something? That was way out of left field. I mean, I still don't totally understand the problem that they have with Jay. And then the problem they have with us. Jay comes in, like I said, at first they're accusing us of being star-struck and Jay taking shots at me and I don't defend myself against them. I mean, Jay has given us how many days on end of great radio? Many. And is it me saying that or is it the fact that people on the street and the calls and the emails come in and just say it time and time again? So it's like guys hanging out. If you goof on each other, you goof on each other. Hey, guy, you dick. You're an ass. What do we do when we're in LA? You jerk off, shut up, ant. You goof on each other. That's what pals do. But they're taking it all serious and they're pissed that Jay gets the airtime. We don't care. That's the difference with this show. We don't care who gets to laugh. Whether it's me, whether it's you, whether it's Jay Moore. Then he tries to hurt me by saying, you know, only comics with no hope. I'm like, whatever, dude. I know what I do for this radio show. Yeah, like we haven't been around the comic community for years. I don't know because I'm not a comic. That's what he's trying to say. I don't have to be a mechanic to know a fast car. You don't have to be on the inside to know when something goes I can buy you that is fast. Know what the funny thing is? Everyone is waiting for us to yell April Fools. First of all, it's April 4th. This is no joke. Believe me, people, it ain't it. I just shot in the arm. It's no joke. I don't even know who this is. Ariel or somebody else? Yeah, it's me, Arelis. Arelis, what's up? Hi, how are you? Arelis, where's your sister back team? I've been sitting in my car for two hours. I don't even want to get out of the car because I'm listening to this. It's unbelievable. I listen to every single day and I run all my errands and I get out and I get in. But today I've just been sitting in my parking spot with the radio on waiting to see what happens. I think we made up for that Best of show yesterday. Well, it's just so bad it got that out of control. And knowing us, we'll replay this show ten times. Oh, that's right, I'm not funny. Sorry. You're not in the comedy community. I know, I won't try. I'm sorry. I tried. Well, thank you, Arelis. You guys are great. Stealing something, that's another thing. Sometimes you just throw lines out when you're hanging out. It's not like you're putting them in your act and ripping off people's monologues. Joe from Jersey, Anthony? I see fat people. Oh my God. Sorry, I'm not supposed to be fat. Let's segue into what they do. What do they do? What does Air 6 mean? Song parody, as it were. Song parody. Oh, Joe's going to start. Now Joe's going to start. Because he's got a song parody. Oh man, you know something, when Jay was in here... Oh, you got me. Come on, Joe, start crying. No, I'm not going to cry. When that guy was crapping his big fat oversized diapers, I was writing parodies with you guys. He had no right, absolutely no right. I give my brother grief about plugging gigs and a song parody. And Joe's the best at it. And every time I mention like MP3 and the rock got downloads, you can get off the beat. See, look at the plug. He's plugging. I get grief. I get grief. Plug some shows today. Look at this, everyone's coming in to plug. And they make it sound like we don't plug them, but every time we mention Air 6 production... How many people have checked out their website because of us? Exactly, I hear it all the time. And some of their songs are good. Me and Cal Bell Bill were talking about that. I'm sorry. Me and Cal Bell Bill were talking about that. How you guys constantly... I mean, you plug them quite a bit. That's a plug every time they come on. That's why I'm insulted and I don't think I want them back on the air, because I know what we have done for them. And if they're ungrateful, then screw them. I think we should be lenient and not dub them enemies of the show, which is very ugly when they're out in public. Hey, this is Justin and Joe from Jersey. Hey, guys, we learned that the Van Halen dump button really works. Oh, yeah. That's a faithful listener, because we told you guys a long time ago that someday the show's going to get so freaking ugly that they're going to take the show off the air. John had to turn the key, man. He turned the key. The show had to go off the air. Turn your key, sir! Turn your key, sir! In the middle of the fight, we ran out of delay, because every other word was F-U, F-N-C, F-R. They ran out of dump. He had to use executive precision. Dancing in the street or something? Van Halen. Scott's over here. Oh, God. Hey, it's 1969. The show got so ugly, they had to turn the key and put the Van Halen on today. Amazing. I have never in my day... The closest thing that comes to that, the thing that pops in my head, back in the 80s, Sam Kinison versus Bon Jovi, and that wasn't even fists. That was just yelling. Right. This, I've never, ever heard anything like that. At one point, there was just a mob of people. It had to be 10, 12 people in, just swaying from side to side in the studio. Yeah. Just bumping into everything. No doubt. All right, let's go to Steve. Whew. Hey, Steve, what's up? Hey. How are you? Good. I got to agree with Anthony, man. When you're hanging out with your friends and you say stuff, every time I say, that's a ticket, do I got to give John Lovett credit? Yeah, or if you'll go like you're hanging out at a bar with your buddies and you're like, okay, terrific. Yeah, and I say that all the time. Like, what are you doing? I went to see him down the shore. My girlfriend's going again tonight. It's the most original material I've ever heard a comic do. To tell you the truth, it's about his life. It's original. And it's knocked down funny. It's very, very funny. I don't see what the problem is. Very funny. And I got to say, you guys, today was some of the best radio. And I knew last week when Billy called, I heard that and I said, I got to listen. Tuesday, it's going to be the funniest show I've ever heard. You know, I got to give props to Billy and Paul. Their last appearance, probably the best show we've done in New York. Oh. Probably the best, most entertaining show we've done in New York. You guys tried your best with them. You maintained, you gave them opportunities. They shouldn't even call the show anymore. Cut your losses and end on top. You're never going to beat what you guys did today. That almost sounds like Enemy of the Show. Very close to Enemy of the Show. But no, I think we pull back. And I am too soft. You know, we give people an opportunity here. We do plug their gigs and do plug their websites. And then they S on us. Well, you know Jay Moore. Jay Moore can carry himself. He's funny. And he gives you guys great radio. And you in turn give him great plugs. And he did that with their sick. I never heard of their sick before your show. Thank you. And on the day, holding short on the runway with the atomic bomb in the belly. Not quite taking off, but at any time her engines can rot alive and Colonel Pivots can drop the bomb. Thank you, Steve. You're great. Alright, Aunt Gay Marco checking in from Homo Land. Don't hurt my baby. That's all it says. Hey! Hey! Hey! I think Mr. Norris has something to say real quick before he goes. I'm on my way out. Oh, you're leaving? Oh, Jeff. You going to fight anyone? He got his plugs. Yeah, this worked out pretty good for me. Oh, come on with your plugs. Now check out this plug. Check out Opportunity Do Rascals tonight with Jay Moore. How cool is that? I swear to God, Jay gave him a few minutes tonight. You take a punch for Jay Moore and he puts you on the ticket. Hey, Jay, if you're listening, you're not going to write any bullseye in my ass, pal. Well, Jeff, go down there to Rascals tonight and kick ass with your five minutes. Yeah, hey. Jay, we'll see you later. Wow. Virgil. Paul and Billy, you know, I worked with Paul a lot, so, you know, no hard feelings. But I'm going to end you on that note, Jeff. And for everyone giving self-plugs, I was the first guest on Open Ante. Alright, Jeff, have fun at Rascals tonight. Take it easy, Jeff. Look at Jeff bouncing like a little schoolgirl. Look at him. That's going to be a packed house, man. You are playing in front of some people tonight. With a cauliflower ear. Yeah, you can show that off, man. People are going to want to see your ear. I'm like Barney Rubble. Alright, Benny, what's going on? Imagine that. Hold on, Benny. Jay was involved and you got hit in the... Right ear. Right ear. Right, right, right, right. You got hit right in the ear. Your ear? You got hit in your ear? No, right in there. I'm not falling in that. So you were holding Jay back. So Jay was behind you and you got one in your ear. Got a fist in your ear. A fist in your ear? I'm going to sue everybody. Alright. Thank you. Benny, what's going on? Your ear is all red. Riveting radio. Yeah, that was interesting. Say the least. Green Eye. I hoped for traffic. Oh, cool. Green Eye of Envy on those guys. They're envious. I don't know. That was very, very weird on their part. I really didn't think they were like that. I know. Out of control. Alright, Benny. Thank you. Good stuff. Good stuff. Thank you. Let's say again to a quick round of what we learned on the Open Anthony show today as we try to wrap up the show here, Anthony. Wow. What a brother. He brings down parodies and there's a brawl. Well, look. Yeah, start crying. You know, if Jay wasn't here, I would have gotten my parodies on. Yeah, really. Alright, in all fairness, you heard these two songs that your brother Joe did and you said they could be contenders in the most offensive song contest. Absolutely. That Mike De Nicole invented. Yeah. Mike De Nicole. What happened to Mike? He left with Jack. Yeah, where did Mike go? He left with Jack. He was really pissed off. I was amazed. Mike ready to jump into the fray. But I was amazed that they were attacking Mike De Nicole. He had nothing to do with it. Yeah, why? Just because he... Because he's friends with Jack. Yeah. Just because he fell on a bit for our radio show. He came up with the FBA song and then we decided to make it the most offensive song contest. So he's getting a lot of publicity off that. And the weird thing is because of his song, they were able to get their song on and got a lot of response from it. The Califeta song, which they've sent to many radio stations, by the way. They have. Other stations are playing it. Are you serious? But they talk about Jay, how he does other radio shows. Okay, good. Yeah. So you heard Joe's songs. Yes. And they're outstanding. Yeah, definitely. They're going to be contenders tomorrow when we play them? Unbelievable. Joe, I swear. No, I know. Now that we have syndicated shows and stuff, we cannot go late anymore. I'm just going to have to come back tomorrow. Maybe just throw the title out as a little... Boned My Daughter is the first one. As in the Pearl Jam song? Yes. Okay. And... Hey! Say in the other one. You can't. You really can't. Oh, no. Oh, my Fuhrer. It's done to old McDonald's. Yes, to old McDonald's. Something to look forward to on tomorrow's show. Anthony, put me up to the challenge and I answered. Yes. I pulled out all the stops. All right, let's play. I'm going to get in and I win, man! I win when I get in it! I'm not going to take anything from the fat bastard. My sack of onions. Mike from Queens. What I learned today. Let's go! Let's go! Today I learned that the dump button really works. A bunch of people were on hold that whole time. They said they heard the unedited show and they said it was even more unbelievable. Oh, yeah. That's right. Boy, did we get that at least on Dat? Oh, yeah. And the whole thing, fight and everything. I'm sure there's going to be a bunch of that up on FoundryMusic.com. I got to review that over a nice cold frosty one in the office, please. I swear. I was glad Mark was filming the whole thing down there because I had to throw my camera in a bush at one point. And pull Jay off of Billy. Okay, jealousy. Okay, terrific. Okay, jealousy. Okay, terrific. Whoa! We've got to go fast here. Steve, what's going on? What did you learn on the show today? Yo, I was on hold for that whole thing, man. Yeah. Yo, that was unbelievable. I got the whole unedited thing. I love being on hold on your show. And that, Billy, nothing but a fat jealous rub-a-hole. And you can use that word, okay, because I don't want to make sure you don't have any problems with it. Rub-a-hole. You'll allow us to steal that. All right, thank you. Later, guys. Bye. Let's go to Don. Don, what did you learn on the show today? Don. Or Don or Dick or John or Pete or Paul. John or Pete or Paul or Mary. Yeah, who's this? John. All right, John. Hey, John, we hit one. What did you learn on the show today? I learned that Stone Temple Pilots is going to be performing at Rascal's tonight and tomorrow at Irving Plaza. I forgot all about that. Boy, the whole show started on a bang, huh? I forgot that we gave away the Stone Temple Pilots show for tomorrow night. That another radio station is going to be announcing tomorrow morning. Very good, thank you. You're welcome. All right. Kevin from Lindenhurst. I learned the true meaning of train wreck radio today. Let's go to Rob. Hey, Rob, what did you learn today? Hey, I learned J-more's got a pretty good left. I'll stand right there. Oh, you saw the whole thing down there? Yeah, he's got a nice body blow right there. All right, cool. Yeah, he's got other body blows there. Brendan, what's going on? Hey, I learned that Paul is definitely Billy's bitch. That was a little odd. That was a little weird. Paul asking Billy if he could take the slot at Rascals tonight. And Billy said over my dead body and told him he cannot perform with J-more tonight. That was a little strange. I think they're secretly gay lovers. All right, thank you. Love-ers. That's a little Ross, man. All right, let's go to Paul. Paul, what's going on? Hey, guys, how's it going? Hey. I learned that Billy invented comedy. Ooh. Billy invented comedy? Very good. I wrecked your line. I'm sorry. That's pretty funny. That's all right, guys. By the way, I think it's unfair that Paul's going to get the bum rap over here because Billy's the prick. Yeah, well, we'll sort it out tomorrow. It's just too crazy right now. All right, guys, dedication. Who gives a crap? See you later, Paul. And can you imagine if you or I went to the other person and said, you can't do something? Yeah, I know. That's a little weird. I can't do that. I don't care who you are. That's a little weird. Over my dead body. Yeah, when you wanted to do the gay porno, I was like, no, there's no porno. Feel free. Oh, you got me. See, I'm not a comedian, so I don't have a comeback. I'll just take it like a man. Sean from Westchester. What you did in the movie. Ah. Ah. It was your father. Oh, come on. He's dead. Leave him alone, man. I know. That's what makes it funny. There's two of them. That's what makes it funny. There's two of us in the room now. Oh, yeah. Come on, man. I'm sorry. That's a low blow. Sean from Westchester. Get me out of this. Hey. Sean from Westchester. I learned that the rock show a while back was a love fest compared to today. Yeah. That is the truth. All right. And Sean on Line 9, he learned that today's better than WrestleMania. Oh, this guy knows what Van Halen's song plays. We'll end with this. Eric, what's going on? Hey, what's up? Hey, man. Ain't Talking About Love is the most appropriate dump song for today. It was Ain't Talking About Love? All right. All right. So, Eric, what happened? When did they cut the show? Because I knew it was coming. I was sitting there. I knew it was coming. I'm like, okay, it's going to happen now because I heard everyone getting up. And then all of a sudden, Ain't Talking About Love. But how much of the fight was on the air? Because you could really hear it. You heard a lot of it. It came back. Oh, a lot of it, yeah. You heard it most of the way. And then, you hear it again. And then you went to the commercial. No, it's a dance for man. You guys, look. We see it once. You hear me. All right. Thank you. Come on. Come on. Stupid. You're so stupid. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Come in. Come in. Virgin. Okay. Terrific. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Hey, hey. Julie, what's up? I nearly drove off the road listening to you guys today. And then I'm waiting to pay the toll at exit 109. And I can see that the toll taker is pissing himself. He's laughing so hard he can't even like do his job. Oh, amazing. So I'm just going to try not to get killed from now on listening to you guys. Thank you. Okay, bye. All right. Let's get to John. John, what's going on? What did you learn on the show today? I learned that the show kicks ass when the stock market takes a dive. And I hope it happens more often. I mean, I'm not going to lie. And I hope it happens more often. I mean, I know it's a blow to your wallet and everything, but the show, I think there's a direct correlation is all I'm saying. Yeah, I think everyone was a little tense today because of the market. And we got some anger out today. Thank you, John. Billy lost tens of dollars today. That's it. All right. We really got to get the hell out of here, man. Hey. Damn, what a day. Don't forget, StoneTable Pilots playing Irving Plaza tomorrow night. Big announcement on a certain morning show tomorrow, but that's the announcement. And as we leave, Anthony, we got to thank the WWF for giving us that fine trip to LA. We came back, obviously, well rested and ready to go. Obviously. And right now, let's pull out some tickets. So we got tickets, a three pack of tickets to the WWF event at the Garden, April 15th. I believe John and I will be on hand for that, warming up the crowd. Warming up the crowd? Yeah, so. In the ring, really? Yeah. Wow, that's scary. Screw us. Let's get that fat guy in the ring, man. The main event, a bone hole match. Airsick Production, by the way, opening tonight for Andrew Dice Clay at Laugh Your Balls Off. Oh, no. Hey, come on. But then again, I'm not funny. So 10th caller gets the wrestling tickets, Anthony. 2127571027. And with that, we step aside for Don and Mike. What the hell are we going to do tomorrow? You're going to play my song parodies, and now you're going to go. Yeah, we're going to play Joe's great song parodies. Anthony says they could definitely be contenders. Definitely contenders, but he might have ripped people off and stuff. Smartass. And good luck to Don and Mike. Try to follow that. You scum. And Anthony. Your new name is Dick. Opie and Anthony. What changed you into such demonic little bastards? 1027. Fuck off. WNEW. What changed you into such demonic little bastards? 1027. Fuck off. WNEW.