 I don't want any time I die The O.B.'s and Anthony show The show blow, blow, blow, blow, blow Blow, blow, blow The O.B. and Anthony show Blow, blow, blow The show blows monkey ass W.N.E.W.W. I like that one, yeah? It's F.U. Friday! I'll throw out the first F.U., Anthony. Let her rip. Big F.U. to all those little bastards that had the last week off for spring vacation. Oh, is that what the problem's been? Easter recess, whatever the hell it is. Go back to school. Yeah, the Long Island Railroad's been a complete nightmare. Mom's just bringing all their kids into the city for the day. I hear ya. I want to be the first F.U. to go to school. I hear ya. I want to be able to read my penthouse in peace. On the train? Oh, yeah. Yeah, with that kid's looking over your shoulder. I gotta tell ya, man. I mean, anyone who rides the train, they can relate to this. You find whatever it takes to get your mind off the damn train ride, you know? You need a little entertainment. Sometimes it's a book, sometimes maybe a crossword puzzle. If you're one of those rich F's, maybe a portable DVD player. Yeah. That's what I'm dreaming of someday. Sit on the train, watch a movie right in front of me with the headphones. Sure, watch a movie. You rich F's, I'm jealous of ya. So I don't have that. Do they have outlets in the train? No, no. They usually have just a huge battery. Big battery, like car batteries, strap them on or something. But you're so tired and you're walking through the aisle and you see that guy checking out the Matrix on his DVD portable player. Yeah. You're just tired and the guy's completely enjoying his commute home. Yeah, I got the headphones on. I'm so jealous. He's like totally engrossed in a movie and you're sitting there trying to thumb through your penthouse. Well, that's what I find. Little porno helps the ride. Little porno helps anything, I think. Yeah, yeah. So this morning I'm reading the latest issue of Penthouse. Going through the Wiz pictures? No, they didn't have any Wiz pictures this month. Stop. I was very surprised. Come on, stop the presses. They had a lot of lesbian stuff. They had some weird musical thing. The oral scene? The oral scene, lots of oral scenes. I'm reading the Penthouse Forum and Ask Xavier or whatever her name is. And this father gets on the damn train, there's a ton of kids around as is, and he sits this kid right next to me. Did you read to him? No, I didn't read. I'm one of the cool guys. I could have been an idiot and just had cash all over the place. Open up the centerfold. But instead I'm just reading the articles and folding over half the page so the little kid doesn't get to see what he really wants to see. Because I was paranoid. They're going to throw me off the train for reading porno very close to kids because they're all around me. Yeah, as long as you don't touch them. What am I going to do at that point? The ride sucks. You have to be entertained, you're right. My CD walked me in, the batteries ran out, so I couldn't listen to tunes. So I'm just sitting there like, what do I have in my book bag? Ah, Penthouse. Cool. Swank. So a big FU to all the kids that have had the week off. It's been a nightmare. They're back on the trains, in the streets. It's just been crazy in the city. I know, you walk in, there's just gaggles of children crossing the street, big pain in the ass. Yeah. Gives you some nice ass to look at sometimes, occasionally. Well, I didn't see anything on the train. We're talking like below 10 years old. Well, that's what I mean, Opie. Wonderful. The train's just loud and you just want to sleep on the way home. Yeah. But besides that, in a good mood, it's Friday, Anthony. Yes, it is, thank goodness. Would you like to throw out an FU out there? Opie, I would love to throw out a huge FU, but due to pending litigation, I cannot voice my FU. Yes. Publicly, I can't voice it. How's that going? I must say, it probably would have to be the hugest FU I've ever thrown out on this show ever in my life. Oh, just horrendous. Will there be a day you'll talk about it, Anthony? That's what everyone wants to know. I would love to right now. I would love to, but I can't because it would turn around and bite me in the ass, as they say. Yes. You know, once lawyers get involved with things, oh, it gets so ugly. I'm for one. You know what I want to do? I want to switch your employment for a day. I want to switch livery cab drivers with lawyers for a day. And send them all to the Bronx and East New York and Brooklyn and just have them get gunned down. Riggin' lawyers. I could solve the whole livery cab problem, by the way. Partitions, idiots. Well, they did that with the yellow cabs. It seems to have worked. Partitions, hello. Your brothers are being killed every day now. Partitions. You want a little dose of honesty? You'll find it here on the Opie and Anthony show. You know what? You know why there's so many getting killed? No one cares. No one cares about these guys. I swear to God, if this many Wall Street brokers were getting gunned down on an almost daily basis down on Wall Street, there'd be a dragnet over the city. It would be a police state. They would send a National Guard in. But I don't know why. Now, the Pakistani gets blown away in his livery cab. No one cares. That's the bottom line. No one cares. How stupid do you have to be to drive a livery cab into these horrible neighborhoods without a partition at this point? But if you don't, if you deny the right, then you get in trouble. Then get another job. It's not worth your life. Look at where all these things are taking place. The Bronx and the really nasty portions of Brooklyn. Who do you think is doing this? Hmm. Hmm. I'll just leave it to the listener's imagination. Well, they're yelling out the answer in their cars. Thank you. I heard yes all the way over here. Yes, very good. Okay. Yeah, I know. Yesterday was Take a Kid to Work Day. That's why a lot of kids yesterday... Oh, I thought it was Touch a Kid at Work Day. Oh, see? No wonder I'm in trouble. All right, Anthony. We got to take our first break. Yeah. Whitey Ford came down with cancer now, too. Another ex-Yankee. Oh, my God. Spasmas just be in his glory. No one will be making fun of Whitey Ford on this show today. Where's the Angry Met fan been? Whitey Ford's a friend of my dad's. Is he? Yeah, they've done some business together in the past. He's a really, really nice guy. I've caddied for him, too. Caddied? You've caddied for him? Yes, I have. The important thing is reading that caddied turn in my... My only other radio... My only other job, I should say. Look, it's Whitey Ford. Whitey, Whitey, Whitey Ford. He's a very good guy. He's had a lot of tragedy in his life lately, too, so... He's never slept. Hey, Whitey. All right, if anyone else wants, you know... If anyone else wants to, you know, make fun of him, you're more than welcome. I'm just saying that I will be. Whitey? How'd you like to mow my lawn? Huh? Huh? Huh? Yeah. All right, Anthony, we have lots to do today. Yes. We have Spaz's Week in Review. We're going to have to get into that very soon because we got Shane McMahon calling in, we got Ben Stein calling in. Oh, yeah, Shane O'Mac. Shane O'Mac. We'll talk about the WWF and Stone Cold making his reappearance at SmackDown last night. I just... I got a thought on the top of my head. I want to throw out, maybe get your opinion on it. I'm not into auto racing or anything. But let's just say Dale Earnhardt. Dale Earnhardt, I guess everybody knows who that is, stock car driver. Let's say he's going to run the Daytona 500, right? Okay. And then at the starting line, some chick jumps in his car, just jumps in. Okay. Doesn't do anything, just sits there in the passenger seat. All right. Dale's racing around the track. Yeah. All of a sudden, Dale wins. Dale wins the race, sure. How much of that prize money is the person entitled to that jumped in the car? I don't know. That's an auto racing question. Well, is this person a mechanic? No. Expert on the track? Not at all. Giving hummers to Dale as he's going around the track? Well, maybe occasionally. Occasionally? Okay. I'm just wondering, you know, how much of Dale's jackpot is the person that just jumped in at the starting line supposed to get? And what would this person be doing, let's say, if she didn't jump in the car? I don't know. Tendon bar? I don't know. I have no clue. But, you know, I think Dale is doing the driving. You know, a couple of times the person speaks up and almost derailed Dale. Dale persevered though and crossed the finish line. Wow. I just want to know. Sometimes Dale had to go home early because someone couldn't stand up anymore. What, the person that jumped in Dale's car? Yeah. Yeah, that's interesting. Yeah, very interesting. But much to the astonishment, Dale actually crossed the finish line and won. Right. I just want to know. The interesting thing too about that, I believe Dale's record of winning a lot of races since that girl stopped jumping in the car is quite good. Yeah. Dale's on top. One more races than ever. I just want to know, you know, if that person, how much of the prize money for winning the race that that person that just jumped in the car at the starting line is entitled to. Hmm. Oh, I get it. Interesting. What, what? We're talking auto racing here, right? Yes, we are. Dale Earnhardt, number three. This has nothing to do with going to your lawyer today, does it? No, not at all. I'm talking about Dale Earnhardt. Okay. Just race car driver, NASCAR, number three. Just want to make sure. Big bad Dale. Just want to make sure. Okay. I'm just wondering. It just struck me that for some reason that thought popped in my head. That might be a question for a lawyer. Too bad the lawyers aren't on the track when you're going around. Dale Earnhardt. All right, Anthony, let's take a break, okay? All right, Ope. All right, and we'll be back. 2127571027. Oh, the wow stickers. Yeah. Oh, we got some great info about the wow stickers. We'll tell you guys that next. Stay there. Yelpie and Anthony. A small track of disaster. 1027-00-00-00. It's the ONA show. It's FU Friday. It's the ONA show. Oh, yeah. 2127571027. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. 2127571027, our fax line. That's the best way to get through with the FUs. 212-957-9639. Oh, I hate getting in like this late because I haven't eaten my lunch yet. I come running in here. Let's just say I was visiting my pit crew. Your pit crew. Okay. Do you have a pit crew? Mm-hmm. Very good. I got a pit crew trying to keep the car in working order, make sure I have enough tires to finish the race. Gas to still compete. Gas, very expensive. Yes. Well, Anthony, the answer to your question was half, by the way. No matter what? No matter what, yes. Thank you. Even though this person is just sitting there doing nothing, the answer is half the prize money. Dale Earnhardt's car. Yes. Okay. Anthony, this just announced today, Pearl Jam. They're coming to Jones Beach August 23rd and 24th. Tickets will go on sale May 5th for those shows. Okay? Pearl Jam. Pearl Jam. Pearl Jam on the Rock of New York. New York's new rock alternative. Oh. Alternative. Pearl Jam. Pearl Jam. Okay. Yeah, okay. In other concert news, Dio, tomorrow night Irving Plaza. The best was Dio on South Park. Yeah. That's why I mentioned Dio's like cool again, you know? You know, animated Dio on South Park. South Park making a lot of people cool again. Yeah. And Mighty, Mighty Boss Jones playing Monday at the Bowery Ballroom. That should be a good show as well, Anthony. Yes. Okay, let's get into the WOW stickers. A ton of information came through today, which is very, very cool. We could finally announce this one. WOW stickers now available at participating Ranch 1 locations, Anthony. Yeah. All you have to do is find a Ranch 1 store nearest you, walk in and say, hey, I'm here for the Opie and Anthony WOW sticker. They have them at all the stores. Cool. All right? That's going to help us out because the Ranch 1 is all over the damn place. So please pick up your WOW stickers at the Ranch 1 stores, okay? I don't think they just have them out because they know our listeners where you guys will take 200 for yourself. So I believe you have to ask someone behind the counter. They got it right there near the register or something. They'll hand you some, okay? Uh-huh. If you can't get to a Ranch 1, you can send a self-addressed stamped envelope. Wow, you should see the envelopes coming in. It's like fan mail for some like teeny bopper or something. Fan mail from some flounder? It's like fan mail for like David Cassidy or something. They're starting to bring in the self-addressed envelopes and the big bags and stuff. Yeah. Oh my God. Rock. We finally found something for Earl to do. What? Am I lying? I'm not laughing at anything too. That's not a joke. We finally found something for Earl to do. Erl's gets there. On his desk, we just pour the self-addressed stamped envelopes like this. Spills all out over his desk and then he has to mail out the wow stickers to everybody. So if you want to send in a self-addressed stamped envelope and keep Earl busy, send big envelopes, not small ones. Well, the regular size envelopes we found out today work. Do they? Yeah, I was a little worried about that. I did a little test to make sure because these stickers are definitely a little bigger than a regular bumper sticker, Anthony. Anyway, the self-addressed stamped envelopes, send it to WIAAW, 888 7th Avenue, 10th Floor, New York, New York, 10106 and just write attention wow stickers, stuff like that on there. That address I believe is available through the WIAAW website and foundrymusic.com. Also, one more thing with the wow stickers, if you want to pick one up before you go home the station, our buddy, our pal, Psycho Mark will be outside once again in front of the building, in front of the Brooklyn Diner with wow stickers at 5 o'clock today, Anthony. Last time we did this a couple days ago, we gave out like 1500 within like half hours. Crazy. Psycho Mark, believe it or not, he has work to do today. But at 5 o'clock he'll be out there with the brand new wow stickers, 57th and 7th outside the Brooklyn Diner. Okay? What's he doing? I highly recommend that you get your ass, I highly recommend that you get your ass outside the Brooklyn Diner because this was just handed to me, Earl can only do 6 envelopes in 8 hours. Yeah, a little inside joke if you know the show very good. Okay. So, I went to the auto show at the Javits Center last night. Yeah. Nothing really blew me away, the cars, they kind of all look the same. These days you go from one section to another, you know Pontiac and the Nissan and all the cars, they all look the same. I don't really like them. They had the concept cars, the ones of the future. Those cars never come out. They never, yeah. They've been doing the concept cars at the car shows for like 20 years. I've never seen one of them out on the street. I think the goal for the future is to make the most inconvenient car door as is humanly possible. There was one, I swear to God, it had these hydraulic things that lifted it up like a gull wing on a Lamborghini or something. Yeah, I have to say. But first it came out and then went, I can't even describe it, but if you're parked under a tree or next to a tree or anything, you'll have this really cool looking car that you'll have to crawl out of. You need clearance five feet on each side to open your doors. Have you ever been in a parking lot where you've got to just squeak out of your door? You'd never get out. And the concept cars all look like the 50s version of the future. It's like Disneyland's futureland, Tomorrowland, that's what they look like. Just horrible. And do we need a concept minivan? Like it's cool when you have the concept Jaguar or something. You know, this thing is going to do 600 miles an hour, almost break the sound barrier. It's really cool looking. Well, the companies that are making the minivans, which is pretty much every one, they understand that it's not, it doesn't have the coolest wrap. So they're trying to make it cool by coming up with exotic names and... The Talon. Yeah. It's a minivan. Please. Yeah. And then there was one minivan with in the back a microwave oven, a washer and dryer, this little washer and dryer thing, a vacuum cleaner. And it was totally set up for like the mom to take her kids around so she could cart along her work with her. Yeah, like she has time for that. To do the wash on the road. She's doing that. The most exciting thing that I saw was in Cadillac. They have that infrared little heads up display on the windshield. So if you're driving at night, you have your headlights, you see what's going on. They also have infrared. So you look at the little heads up display on your windshield and you could see just like it was daylight out the front of the car. Well, they had a huge screen set up with this infrared imaging technology with a camera there. I know what you're going to stand by there for like a half hour. Oh, this is the best thing at the auto show. The girls walk by and it looks like they're naked. This is the sole reason to buy one of these caddies. You'd be almost running girls over because you want to point your car at them. You're brilliant. You even find nudity at a car show. I love it. Dude, I swear to God this one girl walks by. She's wearing this tight black shirt. Oh my God, she's naked. The infrared goes right through this stuff to the point where you see boobs. That rocks. Something to think about if you're going to the car show this weekend, I guess. But you also got to put up with the rubes that are there. Do you need to take a camcorder to a car show? Those are our listeners. No, no, no. Believe me, they're not. No, these people. I mean, I can understand you take your nice camera, whatever it is, and you snap some pictures of the cars you like. Who's going to sit, hey guys, come on over, a couple of beers and the video of the car show? I'll be right over. All right, hey look, here's the new Buick spinning around. I got one complete rotation of it spinning on its own turntable. Just sit there, it's great. Wait till you see the back of this thing. Hey, why didn't you just walk around it real quick instead of waiting for it to rotate? Bunch of dweebs. And then you can tell just like the people that are there, really can't swing the Jaguar. I mean, who the hell can? These cars are like $100,000. You got these guys, look, I'm in the Jaguar. The Jaguar. Look, mom. Take a picture of me in the Jaguar. I'm on me this one. And then there's the cars that, you know, just the Hispanics are gathering around, like the new Celica. They got the tires that look like just rims with a rubber band around it. That's the tire. This little thing, it's like two feet off the ground. And they're already, like you listen to it, it's like, man, I could put the blue neon lights underneath this thing. I'll get the red blinking light that goes around the license plate. I put the Jesus Christ headlight stencils on. The crown air freshener. Hey, does this come with a little chain steering wheel that's as big as a quarter? It was interesting. That sounds like a car show down at the Jabot Center. Like I said though, the highlight though, the Cadillac thing. Go to the Cadillac thing, the infrared. Yeah. Check out Girls Naked, right? Unbelievable. That's boring. I went home and watched lots of basketball. Oh, you got to get out, my friend. No, man, it's the playoffs. Can't do anything until the playoffs are over. Yeah. Even, you know, God forbid the Knicks don't make it all the way. I'll watch every single game that is put in front of me. But I also watched SmackDown. Oh, how was that? I missed that. Well, they teased all night long that Stone Cold Steve Austin was going to be at SmackDown. Stone Cold, yeah. So at 9.56, he finally shows up. I hate when they do that. I understand why they do that. We do that on this show sometimes, tease things, but they tease this thing. My dog, King, we're going to have Stone Cold Steve Austin going to come in here. Right. He was teasing him. At one point, Shane McMahon, you know, punched a cardboard cut out of Stone Cold. He thought it was the real Stone Cold. That was pretty funny. And then, you know, there's a rattlesnake left on the couch. Ah, yeah. And a few other things, whatever. We don't need to get into all of it. But finally, he shows up at like 9.56-ish. Yeah. And he destroyed the DX, like, you know, motorhome thing. Yeah, the DX bus, yeah. But Stone Cold in general is great to see him back. His energy just is unbelievable. Yeah. They need that in the WWF these days. But man, he just still looks like there's no way he can really do much of anything. Really stiff. He looked really stiff. Huh. And yeah, just really very odd. Spin me around. I can't see him. Yeah. It looks like, remember that episode of The Little Rascals where the one kid couldn't turn his head and then Steinme finally grabbed it and went, ah! Spin around. That's what he needs. Yeah. So I don't see him doing much during the pay-per-view Sunday, but it'll still be exciting. Yeah. So. Stone Cold Gimp. Oh, come on. On the Gimp! Well, we have Shay McMahon calling in in about an hour, hour and a half or so. All right. We'll talk to him about Stone Cold. Got to take a quick break, Anthony. We're a few minutes away from Spaz's Week in Review. Oh, I got to finish my salami sandwich. Yeah, you better hurry up and eat because you're going to puke it up. We took a break from Spaz's Week in Review last week, so a lot of people are looking forward to it today. Oh, I'm sure. That and other things to get to. If you want to get in on the show, 212-757-1027 or you can fax us with the FUs. We like the FUs on Friday. Let off a little steam. Next line, 212-957-9639. Jopie and Anthony show. I think that might be part of the problem with society today. Oh, I believe we're the problem. Jopie, you stupid bitch. Second. 1-827-WNEW. Hey, Anthony, Time Out New York, weekend upon us. A lot of people looking for things to do. I do believe Time Out New York would be the perfect thing to pick up to see what's going on, right? Well, they are called the Obsessive Guide to Impulsive Entertainment. In New York, you don't know what to do. You're hanging out with your friends going, what do we do? I don't know. What do we do? I don't know. And you wind up spending the night at some bar and some theme restaurant with some rubes from Oklahoma. That's not what you came to New York for. Time Out New York, everything to do in New York. All the cool, fun hip stuff. None of the Oklahoma rubes stuff to do. They got everything. There are people that live on Long Island that come in just to go to Planet Hollywood. Stupid. There's so many things to do in the city. A lot of people don't know. They just know the well-publicized things. Well, they go to Times Square from Jersey or something, and they go to TGIF. Don't you have one of those in your town? Well, that's why you should pick up Time Out New York. 30 things that excite the palettes of Time Out New York's food critics, including the best use of an ice pick. Interesting. Best dessert your own Jewish grandma never made. Best reason to be bridge and tunnel. Hi, Anthony. Yes? You got the wrong script. I do? Yeah. Script for April 1922. Well, I'm just going to read it anyway. And the best place to watch a sports game without having to eat wings. Remember that one? So if you come across the last issue of Time Out New York, you'll read all that. Well, the new issue. You come across this issue, Opie. Tell them what they'll read while I get ready to punch somebody in the effing face. Well, they were too busy yelling and arguing about Kevin's address and his last name being on the air. I'm like, hello, we got a radio show to do here. No, let's worry about Kevin's last name for another day. Okay. Well, anyway, someone else can do it. The latest Time Out New York, where to take your two-wheeler for a springtime spin, Anthony. Remember we were talking about that? And just like you said, tons and tons of things to do in New York City. It's Time Out New York. It's on every newsstand. It is a great, great guide if you're looking for something to do in the city, okay? Right. Time Out New York. We're still stupid. Well, if that's what it takes to get good ratings, we'll continue being stupid. We don't care. We don't care. I've been expecting you to make exactly that ass nightstick. The Opie and Anthony Show. Theatre of the mindless. 1027. W-A-W. It's Friday! Friday! Friday! Ah, yes, it sure is. 2127571027 is our phone number. Lots and lots of things going on. We've got to get Spaz in here. It's time for Spaz as we can review. Nice. I look forward to this. Larry, what's going on? What up, guys? How are you? All right. I'm working up in Butler, New Jersey. Channel 2 News is up there because there's a big black bear in a tree. So I busted out my wow sign, went charging up to David Diaz, and I got gaffled by the cops. Oh, really? Yeah, so they escorted me out of the area, ripped up my wow sign, went back to my van, got my other wow sign, took off my sweatshirt hat, took out my earring, tried it again, but the one cop recognized me, threw me out. He said he was a huge fan. He would love to let me cut out TV, but there was nothing he could do about it. Yeah, I got to agree with the guy. He's got to do his job. That's why you've got to be a little more incognito, covert. Yeah, they were saying, they were afraid if the bear got out of the tree that I would be distracting people and the bear might attack the people I was distracting. All right, wait, there's a bear in a tree where? In the middle of this town of Butler. It's going to be on Channel 2 News probably around 5 o'clock. There you go. All right. Well, I'm sure someone will get the job done. Wouldn't it be funny if the bear turned down and ate David Diaz's head right off his body? I'm here with the giant... It's like it lays into his throat. You better not send any of those reporters with those fake hair pieces. They're going to think it's a raccoon and attack you. Or maybe a mate. Yeah, they might mate with your head. All right, Larry. Yo, thanks a lot, guys. You guys rule. Syndication whenever. Well, thank you for trying to get that wow on TV. I'll try again later. That has slowed down drastically lately, and this is the time of year we want the wow all over TV. Yes. This drives the TV stations crazy, Anthony. They hate it. We love it. And if you need a wow sticker, the brand new wow stickers came in this week. Now they're starting to get spread all over the Tri-State area. We just announced this a little while ago. Wow stickers now available at Ranch 1 locations. And Ranch 1 is all over the place. Find the one closest to you right now. Go in and say, hey, I'm here for the wow sticker. They will give you one. They will give you one. They're not out on the counter because they know you guys will take like a couple hundred each and stuff. So, you know, just ask the person behind the counter nicely and they'll give you the stickers. Okay. Pulling out of the parking garage. I look to the right. Stuck on a pole. I know. You see that? Wow. I haven't seen any on the cars yet, but it's still too early. Yeah, it is. We're just starting to get them out there. At 5 o'clock today, Psycho Mark will be outside the building once again today. Brooklyn Diner, 57th and 7th with a ton of wow stickers so you can get that. You get your sticker before you head home for the weekend. Okay. Well, let's get Spaz. Let's do the Spaz Week in Review. Spaz Week in Review. I love it. I so look forward to this on a weekly basis and I don't know why. It's torture. It is torture to get through. Hello, Spaz. Hi. You got your headphones? I don't even have a head. Why do I need phones for them? All right, I can play this while we get him situated. Dude, politics and Spaz. He's as dumb as a box of rocks. His lips are smacking when he tries to talk. This is it, the Week in Review with Spaz. He's dumb. I love that. Hey, dog. Where's your brother's song, too? That's funny. Spaz is in a piss-eat-ass mood today. Everybody is, though. Have you noticed this? Everyone's just a tad cranky today. Well, we've had a really long week, to be honest with you. Spaz is totally friggin' livid. We've had a long, long week. A lot of excitement. Spaz, what's the problem? What's the matter, man? You look all bummed. This is a fun show. Oh, God. What's the matter, Spaz? You okay? I didn't... Pull the mic up by your face. I didn't particularly like that comment during the live read. Which one? The one about you didn't have to mention that, that part. It's a legitimate gripe on my part. Yeah, so everything is game on the show, man. Instead of you guys getting your job done, we're doing a live read for Time Out New York that was three weeks old. And I'm sitting there going, hey, where's the Time Out New York read? And you guys are like, you're yelling at Rick about, you know, us putting your last name on the air. Get over it. It's done. It's over with. It's not that. I just got a call where somebody gave me my address verbatim of my family. Well, that's smart to admit on the radio. And our last names are in the paper every other week. There's nothing you can do about it. That's right. This time it's done. But I think we had a legitimate gripe that we had the wrong copy in front of us. You know, it's not too fun to be reading a commercial and realize I'm reading about the Hindenburg disaster as if it's current news. Time Out New York spends a lot of money for these live reads. We're reading the wrong copy. And all you care about is that your last name was on the radio. I only saw the... If you don't want to be a part of the show, you don't want to be famous anymore, just walk and then no one will know your last name. It's part of the job, unfortunately. OK, so I'm learning that now. Our last names have been all over the place. My dad gets bothered. They found out where he lived. What are you going to do about it? How much you could do about it? It's part of the price. Those are the only two reads I saw. Well, whatever. That's done. But I want to thank the fine folks of Time Out New York for putting up with that crap. Yes. Read their expose on Mayor Lindsay. Oh, wait a minute. That's an old copy, too. It's the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. It's on newsstands now. Looking for something to do this weekend. Pick it up. All right? All right. You'll find a lot of things to do. It's Time Out New York. OK, Spaz, you ready for Spaz's Week in Review? Yes. Oh, my God. How are we going to do this? Do you want to go home? He is totally like, F'd up. Spaz, are you OK? Do you want to go home? No. Do you want to take a day off? No. You need something? I'm just going through a lot of it. Do you want a bottle? You want a whoopie? Take a nap? You need a whoopie? I'm not a little kid. You want to take your little square rug and go take a nappy somewhere for a while? I'm not a little kid. I'm not a little kid. Go to your cubby hole and get your little rug, Matt. Why are you looking at Psycho Mark like you want to punch him? What did he do to you? What's going on with those luck mitts? Spaz, do you want a martini or something? Usually fun after a couple of drinks. What's the problem, man? Nothing. There's something deeper, obviously. What is it? There's nothing deep at all. Like you said, it's been a long week. All right. I will promise you that I will not say your last name. Because I don't really need to. I don't care. How would you like to mow my lawn? Huh? No, it's... It came up and it's out there. It's too late. I will not mention it again. Okay? There's a lot of other things. It's minute. What else? What else is bothering you, Spaz? I can't... I'm not going to go through it. Did you cheat on Eric again and wrote it on your calendar? Don't even go there. Well, I'm just asking. I'm trying to help you out. Do you want to be closer? This is what a friend does. They see that their pals in a bad mood and knew I was in a bad mood today. We talked a little. So let's talk. Okay, what's the problem? Just go through the stresses of moving. Stresses of moving? From one cardboard box to another? How hard can that be? Spaz, let me tell you something. Let me tell you something. Mark, show me that now. You're all... We are going. No, I'm not showing you. Psycho Mark is holding up a sign, Spaz. What does it say? It says, the AIDS test just came back. Oh my God. If you want to beat them up, I can't do it. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. If you want to beat them up, I give you a commission. Get the boxing gloves. Get the boxing gloves. Why? Why are you going to box me? What did I do that you were here? We're just having a little fun. Spaz, let me just say something to you. Because you are here and you learn about radio by doing these things and stuff, but there's other things that I think I can help you out with. Finally, there's something I can help you out with. When you have some kind of an issue weighing on you and you're here to do the show. Keep it outside. You got it. No, no, no. I've changed my philosophy on that. I learned that in college and it's a bunch of BS. They say, wow, if you're having problems, you should leave it outside the studio door and go on with the show. In our case, no. There's two things you do. You act like nothing's wrong so we don't bring it up. Or if we notice there's something wrong with you, then you have to explain yourself. That's it. So the stresses of moving. Yes. How hard can that be? None of these places are calling me back. Are the bill collectors calling you yet? Isn't that credit card? I owe a lot more than a credit card. What happened? Did you chalk up more? No. I have the credit card bill. I also have 47 grand in loans. From the Iona College. Only 27 of it. 47,000? What's the other? Where's the other fund? No, 47,000. Oh my God. I know what it is. Is this a spaz intervention? Wait a minute. From Iona is only half that? Yeah. What's the other half? It's just loans I've taken out throughout the years that I needed. You took loans out? Yeah. You owe $47,000? Yeah. I owe you $47,000? Yeah. I owe you $47,000? Yeah. I owe you $47,000? Yeah. I owe you $47,000? Yeah. I owe you $47,000? Yeah. Oh my God. We need a telethon for this guy. Spaz-a-thon. Take on the credit card and bills. There are guys that make... You owe that much and you got a credit card anyway? Yeah. Oh my God. Yeah. Blow the load, man. It's just going down. You owe $47,000? Haven't made a payment yet. Oh my God. What the hell did you buy? And it's collecting interest, isn't it? Yeah. What the hell did you buy? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. What the hell did you buy with $47,000? A couple of dollars. No, it's nothing I'm going to get into. Nothing you want to get into? There's your education was $27,000 of that. Yeah. And then another $20,000 is, I could say, it's personal, right? It's... Very personal. Very personal. Very personal. Okay. All right. That's fine. He's in a weird situation. I'm not going to get into that. I'm not going to get into that. I'm not going to get into that. I'm not going to get into that. I'm not going to get into that. I'm not going to get into that. I'm not going to get into that. I'm not going to get into that. That's fine. He's in a weird situation. I'm not going to get a punch by Spaz. I got him laughing. He's smiling. He's in a weird... Psycho Michael holds up his hand and says, hookers. Jesus Christ. He talks about hookers in his Week in Review. Oh my God. All right. Well, you know something... I could speak for Spaz. There's a lot of money that he has lent out that I think he has no choice, right? Yes. You're trying to help someone out and you're in a weird position. The thing when you're in that situation isn't to go out and get another $4,000 credit card or $5,000, whatever it was. I never had one. I always wanted one. Wait. Did you go out and get a loan to give money to other people? Yes. Because you don't have $47,000 in the bank and you blew through. Every day I'm trying to work out how I'm going to pay off these things, but my income is less than my outcome. Why did the person... That's basic economics. You got to make more than you spend. It's a basic rule. So why did the person you sent all his money to allow you to put yourself in this bad position? Because the person is close to you. Yes. That's the only reason why. Are you sponsoring children in Africa? Is that what it is? $0.65 a day and you're sponsoring an entire continent. I'm supporting an Afro-American. An Afro-American. The African-American in Africa. So now you're in some massive debt, my friend. It's a massive debt. Massive. Can't really talk about it on the air. I know what he's going through. I'm trying to make it so we can talk about it on the air. It's just been put in a bad situation is what it is. Is it similar to something that maybe somebody else on the show has had to deal with? Yes. Okay. Safe to say. Interesting. Someone very close to him. I understand. Just leave it at that. That's a pretty intense situation, putting a young man in. The person that you have been helping out should understand the pressure this is putting on you. Yes, she does. Interesting. How old is this debt? How old is it? How old is it? The 20,000. Less than a year, right? It's coming up on the air, yeah. Holy fuck. All right. Oh my God. I'm surprised I keep getting approved. Dude, stop being a wuss. Dude, they will approve you right into bankruptcy. They'll approve until they come to your house and take the shirt off your back. You don't care? You're going to have to file bankruptcy before you're 25. It's going to be great. But I heard about that. If you file for bankruptcy, you're dead as white clay. Oh yeah. You know something? Along with your credit rating, any chance of getting any credit to even rent a frigging car, yeah, you can file for bankruptcy, but they got to go through everything. It's a big pain in the ass. Because they will still try to get as much money as they can. Yeah, I know a few people that file for bankruptcy and from what I heard, it's really no fun. It's not like, oh, you ring it up and then, hey, tab's clear, I start over again, where's my new visa? You know, it's not like that. When was the last time you took out a loan? How long ago? How long ago? Three months. Three months ago? Yeah. And how much was that for? Where are you getting these loans? From banks? From one bank. You go into a bank and say, I need a loan. The bank you worked for on the weekends? Yeah. Holy cow. Stupid. You're so stupid. Oh my God. Stupid. You're so stupid. Why is that bad? It's bad. You can't, because you can't afford it. I mean, you can't, you really can't afford it. It's not like kind of overstepping your boundaries and going over your limit like all of us do and have at some point in our lives. You are blowing the load. You're really going for it. Can we borrow 50 bucks? Can we borrow 50 bucks? Wow. Now is this a... What? Is this person, Spaz, is this person a relative? I gotta ask you. I don't want to go deeper into it. Because that's all, it could be any, it could be a third cousin. I'm just saying, is it a relative of yours? This is legal, is what we said. I don't want to go into it anymore. Someone very close to a man. That's a relative. Oh my God. She's putting it in a bad situation. That's alright. You're trying to help this person out and in turn she's making your life a living hell. It's worse than her situation was. It's alright. Let's just... Alright. Oh my God. Spaz. You shouldn't have that type of pressure at 23 years old. 22? 23. 23. Alright, listen. Let's say you were Dale Earnhardt. And you're driving in a car. Is it the pit crew taking your money? Kidding, of course. Alright, listen. Now we gotta take a break. We gotta get you happy because we're doing your weekend review. Yeah, get some Bob-oos in this kit. What do you want to do? You want to run up and down the stairs a couple times, get your energy up, go in the office, do a shot? We got some vodka back there, some JD, some beers, full bark back in the office. You want to take a sack or two maybe, get a boost of energy? A shot sounds nice. A shot sounds nice. You need some X? You need maybe some heroin in the eye or something? I never do drugs. We got it all back there. It's a good time to start. Debt is a great thing if you're on drugs. See, if you're on drugs you really don't care. Alright Spaz, go down the hall. Yeah. Get ready because we're going to do Spaz's weekend review next, okay? Pumping full of some liquor there, Ben. We'll be back, stay there. Don't go to CNN for dick jokes. Don't come here for the news. Don't come here for the news. Don't come here for the news. Don't come here for the news. I like it when the show is dirty. 107 WNEW. Alright, Spaz is in the dressing room. Getting ready for the show, if you know what I mean. Spaz's weekend review right around the corner. Believe it or not, I feel bad for him today. Can't lie. Larry, what's up? Dude, listen, I can understand everything that's going on there today. The only thing I can't understand, they let him work in a bank? Are you serious? They say he's their best worker. You know what, he sounds like such a wuss today. I could just picture him on the beach with his mother and his mother saying, Spaz, do you feel fresh today? You know? Yeah, I don't know. The guy definitely has $47,000 of debt to deal with. That would scare any of us. No, I hear that. Listen, you gotta help somebody, you gotta help somebody. But, take care of it like a man. Yeah, well, it's Spaz, so... Oh man, you know what? You should go rob a bank, man. Like the one you work at. Alright, Larry, thank you. Poor Spaz. Poor Spaz is right. Is he ready? Because we want to do this weekend review here. Steve, what's up? Hey, what's going on? I wanted to play a game. What do you want to play? Well, let's play Guess What? Spaz Did To Get Himself In His Family. Alright, alright, alright. You gotta hang up after you dump. It's the only way it works. Actually, before, I dumped out Spaz. Someone kind of figured it out. You puked. What? You puked? I took the shot and I puked it up. Oh my God. What did you just have? Vodka. And I chased it down with a beer and just my homey Donald lunch came out. Oh my God. This is disturbing. There's an advertisement for you. You're not like puking your nose now and everything, are you? It was dripping down. Are you feeling better? Yeah, now that I got that out of my system. You want us to get you a tomato or something? Are you good? I swore off tomatoes. You're like, did you get any of the booze in you? Yeah, I swore off tomatoes. Yeah, it wasn't in but it came right back out. I know we're going to spend the next half hour abusing you but before we do, I'm going to tell you, I feel bad for you today. I feel a little sorry for you. Even after yesterday's phone thing? I explained what went on off the air and we settled it. You do a fine job for us. Don't worry about it. Thank you. Eddie wants to know if Opie can give Spaz a Valium. Can you spare one of your drugs, Opie? Yeah, I can. Good. There's nothing like booze and pills. Take care of your problems, Spaz. Learn it young. That's right. Where's the Spaz song so we can get into the Spaz we can review? Alright, we're finally ready, Anthony. A little ditty from your brother and your sister. It's... Stupid Shalistaz and Nick with Ani-Mix Me Nauseous Don't know why we keep him with the trouble that he caused Whoa! Man's a bum with brain damage and thought-processing for his cause He is Stupid Shalistaz and Nick with Ani-Mix Me Nauseous Dumb little ditty, dumb little ditty, dumb little ditty, dumb little ditty Whoa! Captain K. Gox spaz when he picks up the phone Don't expect an answer cause his brain cells are all blown Come on! How'd he get his job without an A? Well I don't know He's the biggest turd you ever heard on New York radio Hey! Stupid Shalistaz and Nick with Ani-Mix Me Nauseous Don't know why we keep him with the trouble that he caused Hey! Man's a bum with brain damage and thought-processing for his cause He is Stupid Shalistaz and Nick with Ani-Mix Me Nauseous Dumb little ditty, dumb little ditty, dumb little ditty, dumb little ditty Whoa! Spaz! I would like to go by law Huh? Spaz's Week in Review! Wow! Woooooooo! It is now time for the K-Dog Week in Review And let's just get right into the news National News What's going on? The High Court, which is the Supreme Court They call it the High Court as well Is weighing the Boy Scouts ban on gays Apparently there's some big fuss about a gay Scout leader And I myself am a registered Boy Scout I am an Assistant Scout Master And I went through all the ranks And my personal opinion on this is that If the guy doesn't hit on the little kids Just because you're termed gay Does not mean you're going to be a pedophile And go after kids who are under 18 years of age Which is being a pedophile So that doesn't mean they're going to be going after the little boys It just means that they're gay and that's your sexual preference It's just another case Now I myself am not gay Let's just get that out on the table now And I could be friends with somebody who's gay But I just don't want that person to be hitting on me I just let them know, I'll be your friend dude Or you could be my Scout Master, man And listen, you could just be my Scout Master And I don't care if you're gay So I don't think it should matter Unless he actually physically does something Then be tossed out You're only speculating that he'll do something He hasn't actually done anything yet So the Supreme Court is weighing this decision And I think that they should keep that in account in their minds When they're trying to make that decision Now moving on Wow Boy, there's a surprising turn though I'm very surprised I just see the many sides of spaz here After hearing that, there's no doubt in my mind, you're gay I'm not gay That was interesting Because you're the most politically incorrect person I've ever met I don't think your fag should be in the boy scouts That's what I was totally expecting He throws your curveball right when you don't expect it So he's a little sensitive to this issue Because he might know a little more about it than you and I Why would you like... I'm a boy scout, that's why That's why I say So you would like to have a gay scout later Why should we discriminate jobs based on gays being in the boy scouts? Spaz, I've got a question for you Yes They give out a lot of those ribbons, right? Yeah Oh my God Alright, now we had a dump out of that No, I don't Now I'm just thinking, the argument here I'll play the devil's advocate with you for a moment Do you know how to tie a balloon knot? I'll play the devil's advocate here for a minute What people are thinking is that if the scoutmaster's gay And there's these young boys running around It's almost like saying that you're going to put a piranha You're going to take a piranha and throw a guppy in there And say, oh it's okay You know, we are right up to the point where the piranha eats the guppy You know what I mean? It's like you're asking for trouble You're putting them in an environment where it is a target rich environment as they say The gays did not equal pedophiles Right So Spaz, when you were a scoutmaster Did you show all the little boys where the best wood was? No There are three types of wood Yeah Three types of wood? There are three types of wood Alright, I'd like to hear those Yes, tender, kindling and fuel Okay, tender wood Yeah, tender wood Yeah Tender wood, kindling And fuel And fuel Alright, very good We learned something today from you Three types of wood Three types of wood, flaccid, semi and hard So sexual love Sexual preference shouldn't get in the way No, sexual preference should not Alright Alright, that's the first story, Anthony Very good, like I said, he threw me a curveball there A little surprise We're all very surprised And what if the scoutmaster has the gay face? Yeah, but that does not mean he's a pedophile What if he teaches some of these young children about the gay lifestyle? Some parents might not want their children to know about this What if one of the kids has poison ivy in a very sensitive place and the scoutmaster has to put the calamine lotion on? Or worse yet, what if a poisonous snake bites one in the schween? And he's got to suck the blood out The poison He's saving the kid So what if he's gay? Now, I think that a gay scoutmaster could also teach a well-rounded scout because basically a lot of scoutmasters are those hardasses Hardasses, it's better to have a softass But if you've got a gay scoutmaster he could teach a sensitive side to the kid Yeah, I think a lot of people also are worried once again playing the devil's advocate here that they will turn the kids gay You know what I mean? No No? You can't turn kids to be gay Really? No, you're born like that Oh, is that the truth? So you're born gay? I guess Spaz knows, it's not environment, it's in the genetics It's something that people have pondered for centuries Spaz has the answer right here Sure People are born gay but sometimes you just don't know Until later on in life Born gay, as gay as a flamer Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Alright Alright Spaz, you totally surprised me on that one I thought you would go the other way Alright Okay, let's move on with the second story here To more news The Ramses, who are the parents of John Benet Ramsey Are now rejecting a lie detector test About a week ago they decided, hey, you know Let's just put all the rumors to rest that we are not the killers And they decided to take a lie detector test But now they're rejecting a lie detector test Which you can only mean in my opinion And I'm sure the opinions of most around the world on this Is that the Ramses, it was like a little ploy You know, just to throw them off the beaten track Everybody knows that they're the killers Otherwise, you know the phrase, thou dost protest too much Well the Ramses do Wait a minute Thou dost protest too much? Thou dost? I meant thou dost Thou dost I know you're watching that German fisting video with us That's dumper I think you're getting your languages mixed up here today It's Shakespearean And it means? Thou do protest too much You do Right, like you protest too much Yeah, thou dost Meaning you're trying to throw people off of your tracks Yes By protesting too much That's what I meant Otherwise, you know the phrase, thou dost protest too much Well the Ramses do And it's because they decided to collect a detector test And all of a sudden Because it's garbage Because, I don't know, their lawyer They said the lawyer and Boulder police cannot agree on Independent examiner to administer the test It doesn't matter who administers your test See the independent examiner does not have control over what the test results The machine does So, there's really no excuse there Just take the lie detector test And just be done with it If they want to prove themselves But you know, there are always ways to get by lie detector tests Like remain calm And if you really strongly believe in your own lies Then it's going to come out as You know, all cool and good All cool and good and everything All cool, good and everything All cool and good Oh my god, it's much good More good You don't think the guy administering the test has anything to do with the outcome of the test No, the machine does a little squiggly line thing They can't influence the machine Yeah, but if he asks certain questions Certain leading questions Well yeah, but he doesn't determine what squiggly line goes on the page They can definitely lead the test Yeah They can? Yes, they can It's not really That's why they're not accepted in a lot of courtrooms Because it's not really a concrete thing No, I thought the reason why they didn't accept is because some machinery breaks down It might be a bug in the system or you can't completely trust the machine Izzy on line 11 You're in the Boy Scouts How far did you go? I made Eagle Eagle, you didn't make it into the Rump Rangers? Izzy just wants to know about Rump Rangers Izzy Izzy Izzy, you loser Alright, you're left Alright, so back to the lie detector test with the Ramseys Anyway, I just think that it's BS and they should just take the test if they want to for all prove that they are not the killers Which everybody knows that they are Okay, I am moving on to the big news Whoa, what was that? I didn't move Did you do a shot of vodka and puke up your McDonald's right there? Listen to this Okay I am moving on to the big news Raph Boy You're broadcasting my friend There's a lump of water Do you have Tourette's? That's the noise you make just before you throw out a curtain Put saliva Alright, let's get to Raph Boy Raph Boy Elion Gonzalez Apparently last weekend they did a whole big raid where General Reader was bawling his or her eyes out Saying that I wish I never did it but she had to do it I actually won almost one year to the date of the Waco Not one year, a few years to the day of the Waco tragedy where she stormed and said her But anyway She stormed into the Waco She stormed into the Waco I think many years ago She sent her troops in there and set it on fire A tragedy where she stormed into there But anyway There's a whole big fuss about it And there's a big picture in the paper about a guy holding a gun to Elion's face Where he's screaming and yelling Basically they stormed in, got the boy out I think they sent the boy back to Cuba I don't know what the fuss is about this kid There's movies about him And I would hear they want to be a part of this parade This mermaid parade Because people think he's a god I just think he's a piece of little garbage That's why I think about the Cuban kid And Cubans in general Oh my god There's the racism, I've been waiting for that Wow, that's why we were thrown off by the gay boy scout guy Gay boy scout Now we move on Okay, he's moving on Cubans? Yes You have no use for them? No None whatsoever? No, all they do is just take up taxpayer money There's no Cuban Americans out there that are good? No, but they either are well for anything None whatsoever? I'd like to hit his head on the rim of a sink Ray Ordoez is good, I like Ray Ordoez Alright, so why would you say all Cubans are bad? There's an example of one you like There are always few exceptions to the rule Generally speaking, all Cubans are bad Including Yankee Cubans All, including Yankee Cubans They're bad But the Met Cubans are okay I like Met Cubans They're my kind of Cubans And why are the Cubans bad? Besides taking up all our money or whatever you say You have to think of taxpayers' money because they're trying to stay in America because it's the land of opportunity Why don't they just stay in their own countries instead of coming over here and flooding ours? There's going to be no one left in Cuba I think they should just overthrow Castro and liberate their own country It's happened in the past, they can do it Alright, well there you go I think he moves on with his Cuban commentary on the Week in Review here too Don't you get into baseball or something here? Yes I do Now we move on to sports because it kind of ties in with the Cuban thing Because now all these Cuban sports players like Rayo Dorniz and El Duque Hernandez They're just putting down their gloves to protest this Much like other famous people are doing And when the teams really need them Rayo Dorniz should just stick to playing his baseball I mean it's futile to protest this because the inevitable is going to happen You cannot go against a government to keep an illegal alien in the country There are laws in this country And if the Cubans want justice in Cuba and everything Stop coming to America, just revolt against Castro, knock him down Revolts have happened in the past, just do what you've got to do over in Cuba Why are you always going to be like begging cry to America for? And now you're dragging our star players who need to win games for baseball into this mess This is absolutely garbage to my point And moving on Oh my god I don't even know where to begin with that First of all, you know what it sounds like? You ever see aliens when the teeth are coming out of the thing's head And all that slime is dripping down? That's what I picture as he's recording this That's spaz Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god Oh my god I don't know if you agree or disagree There's a lot of people that are not happy how that was executed But Ray needs to go out in the field to entertain us He needs to win games for the match What is he? You're like Pit Monkey? No, he doesn't have a life We gotta win the World Series He's supposed to be dedicated to a job To you he's just a baseball player But it's a futile cause I don't know about that Nothing's going to happen by holding hands around aliens' house Which taxpayers paid money for What? Taxpayers paid money for that I mean why are we paying money to keep this kid in America? To send him back in the lab or drown the kid Or drown the kid The guy with the gun in the picture should have shot him Oh That's good, Smaz Oh no Oh boy It's a trigger finger Little alien It's a trigger finger What do you think of the fisherman? Donato I think he's just like you guys said First of all he's not even a fisherman He only went out one day to fish He didn't say hey I'm a fisherman They dubbed him the fisherman The press dubbed him the fisherman Good thing he wasn't given an oral favor to a guy Even for one day They just called him a sea sucker for the rest of his life There's the sea sucker that There's that sea sucker That rescued Elion Gonzalez Hey it was only once Hey hey hey hey hey Hey So he's not happy with the fact that he's called the fisherman He caught Elion so He's a glory hound He wants to mount him and keep him I agree with you he is a glory hound very good He likes to spotlight yes Why are we giving him press for? Page 2 of the daily news? I mean come on there are other things that are deserving Of page 2 of the daily news Not him an immigrant Like what's more deserving? Americans need to be on that front page not an immigrant Donato's not an immigrant you idiot He looks like one That's all I think he's got the gay face Does he have the gay face Donato the fisherman? I didn't get a good look He likes young boys He likes the young boys He doesn't sleep in the same bed as the Well there wasn't much room in that house Yes there were a lot of them in practice Yeah but if he was smart he should be sleeping in someone else's bed Would you like him to be a scoutmaster? No Alright so send the kid back Send the kid back We don't need him anymore we paid too much money to him To the kid? To the kid we paid too much money for his living here Okay terrific He's eating bacon and eggs for breakfast every morning Oh my god bacon and eggs What's wrong with bacon and eggs? Yeah but he gets bacon and eggs on shiny silverware And I'm still eating cereal out of a plastic bowl Well Elion doesn't owe $47,000 The guy's an immigrant You're that pissed because you're pissed at him That's right he's pissed because Elion doesn't have $47,000 in debt If you stopped getting bank loans you'd be able to buy some fine stuff Why can't Elion throw me a bone? Why are we getting all this money from him? Support our own don't support these Homeless guys got good silverware Because they do You idiots they take them out of the trash But Elion gets a gift wrapped to him I mean come on I'm sure it's just the silverware they just happen to have in the house I'm sure they went to Kmart got the silverware It doesn't cost much The money should be given to a better cause Oh my god Like the cause should be Idiots who take out loans well beyond their means That's a good cause off the top of my head Hey Steve what's going on? Hey what's going on fellas? How are ya? I was wondering if Stratus maybe had a gay Cuban Scalito when he was getting his rump range a bit Is that a little hostility toward the Cubans? Yeah a little hostility toward the Cubans Yeah Steve your phone crapped out sorry about that I think it is because of Elion You know he's getting everything handed to him Yeah You know he's getting you see Spaz sees him Out there playing with all those cool toys Wearing the new clothes and the new sneakers And he's six years old And there's Spaz 47 grand in the hole No one giving him any cash Six years old and he's got his college education paid for in America already Yeah but it's at Iona I heard so And you speak about you know we have to pay for that Yes Right we have to pay for that we have to do this we have to you know money out of our pocket Who do you think pays when you decide to declare bankruptcy? You idiot I didn't know that I think you think that money just magically goes away? Yeah I thought that the government supplies that or something Rob what's up? Yo O.A. what's up? How are ya? I got an idea How about we let Elion stay and we trade Spaz for him And for a moron to be named Whoa whoa whoa whoa Dude watch that out there Sorry man sorry He's an idiot Does he do any research? Do you do research on these stories Spaz? Get on your brand new computer that you got with your credit card and do a little research The Fisher price computer doesn't pull up this stuff Speak and spell Man I can't believe I suffer through this every week I don't know why Alright Rob thank you Yo you gonna play the dice? You gonna play the dice thing again? Yeah we might get some of that on today Alright cool thanks man Thanks Rob Syndication never Syndication underground Underground Bootleg tapes and whatever it takes to get the word out there Tom what's up? Hey what's up guys? How are ya? Guys I never realized how important Spaz is to the show Yeah He really is I mean he just brings new light to everyone Yeah are you enlightened on the Cubans now? I am Oh my god Spaz you listening? Yes You are seriously mental I'm serious I mean I cannot believe the stupidity that you have You are seriously mental These are my beliefs It's... I can't even conceive it So let it be written You are So let it be done Alright this is scary Alright there's a very angry person on the line Tom so I gotta let you go Alright later Alright let's go to Cappy, Cappy what's up? Hey what's going on? Hey Cappy Hey Spaz what are you talking about let the boy drown? How about we drown you? Oh no Huh? Are you Cuban Cappy? No you know what I'm not Cuban but you know what this is a little boy his mother what'd she do? She lost her life to get that boy some freedom If they want a freedom they should overthrow the government that is in Cuba Well you know what you need to worry about paying back that loan how you gonna do that? Well the Cubans should worry about overthrowing the oral government instead of whining and bitching about it Well you know what how about you? You whine and bitch all the time Everybody has a right to ma'am Well you know what you're right everybody does have a right to but it's not easy for those people you know what we got it good so you know what this little boy made it out here let's just leave him here Whoa whoa The Americans revolted against the British way back when so why don't the Cubans do it now against Castro? Well why don't you go to Cuba and help them? Obviously they're having trouble doing that Hey you can be that leader Are you gonna help me? The one that makes it happen You know what yeah I'll get you to Cuba you know what I'll do I'll put you on a raft and kick you right up the butt and get you going there Whoa So if I help the Cubans you gonna help me pay my debt? You know what worry about you know what that other caller said? Do some research on your new computer that you bought with your credit card Not a bodyguard with a credit card Why don't you do that? Worry about paying your own Let her have it it's spaz radio It's spaz radio If I go up there I'm gonna put my little six and a half foot right up your butt and get you to Cuba real quick Just worry about your trailer park life No it's not trailer park honey Alright Cappy thank you Alright Alright very good job Diego makes a very good point Diego Yeah How are you Diego? What's up Bo and I have a question here Why does he hate the Cubans so bad but he likes the gay scout leader? Right Huh That's fine to have the gay scout leader but You must really hate Cubans Hey Really? Damn I have no problem sending all the Cubans back You know what I have no problem with that but I mean It's another no disrespect to your people Rick My people Rick isn't Cuban Your people I can't tell Rick isn't Cuban I know No but the thing is I can't tell between a Puerto Rican and a Cuban and a Dominican I can't tell a difference so I just lump them all into one section You know what he has a point because I can't tell between idiots, stupid people and total complete morons So there you go spaz I can't tell a difference because they all have the same shade of color Shade of color Shade yeah Shade of color What? In between black and white Yeah there's all different shades of even the Hispanic people Oh there are? There are all different shades of black people too Yeah Yeah and I don't like any of them either Yeah send them back too Someone should have sent them back a long time ago Hey spaz guess what there are a lot of shades of Americans Oh oh oh Pat what's up? Hey How are you? Oh and hey I can't believe it I can't believe it You know I thought I was one of the stupid people on the planet Jesus Why you don't agree with anything spaz is saying? What? Yeah Happily not No I don't know if it's a gag you do every week or the man just lacks total education I am What's up with you spaz? I don't think he researches a lot of this stuff yeah Let's just lump them all together Hey Yeah you know He just speaks his mind sir Yes Alright pat Horrible horrible Alright I don't know what the indecision he'd have if it was a gay Cuban scout leader Yeah that would be a tough decision huh spaz? Very tough It would be Alright listen this fact's just in spaz's hotel bill for one night $750 Spaz's debt $47,000 We can review it spaz Priceless Priceless Alright we're going to take a quick break we'll continue with spaz's week in review On the way he talks about hookers trying to remember all the stuff uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh uh very very big story isn't tell us all where the prostate is and then it's alright we're going to learn where the prostate is today and thank god because i don't have a clue i believe he thinks it's the same place where the girls put the tampons and then i think okay there are a lot of people will be back to their let me let you know that the ladies and i felt that moral never yet all will be and that's the reason for a intern that the stacker to the world's strongest that burner yes down the people losing weight with stacker too as i have a mouthful of food of it you got me well i don't think you need stacker too anthony now yourself there why do people do need the stacker too they're trying to get in shape for summer so yeah around the corner if the sun ever comes back out oh are we supposed to have a good weekend i don't know i've written off any nice weather i've just given up cold nasty this is this is what happened last year too two years in a row like this anyway yeah it lulls you into a false sense of security with your body doesn't it yeah you just sit at home with twinkies and and then all of a sudden it's it's hot now you really got to show off your skin and there's a lot more of it than there was uh last summer isn't there stacker too world's strongest fat burner couldn't burn that fat off help you build some lean muscle give you a boost of energy and cut down on your cravings to snack all day there you go you're losing weight before you know it stacker too guaranteed 45 minutes after uh taking it you'll feel its effects why don't you tell them where they can get stacker too while i uh yeah you go back to your swallow the rest of my sandwich all right remember the days we were able to take breaks in between talking on the radio doesn't happen doesn't happen anymore stacker to the world's strongest fat burner go to uh go online and you can check them out that way www.stacker2.com or give them a call 1-800 light line that's 1-800 L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E the opi and anthony show there's a good example for a program 107-W-N-E-W-L all right it's the o-n-a show two one two seven five seven one oh two seven we're in the middle of uh spaz's week in review ben stein should be calling in any second here anthony from win ben stein's money yeah maybe you could go on that program anth uh spaz to help out your debt problem or a millionaire or millionaire spaz on who wants to be a millionaire that could be a good show for you i've been practicing at home you've been practicing who wants to be a millionaire at home with the computer game yes there you go spaz spaz in the hot seat is that your final answer let's go the phone's real fast brian what's up he's an alien galman are you sure how you doing all right happy birthday there's no way he could be that stupid if you guys did like a midichlorian count on him he's got to be jedi knight material he's just so stupid he's got to be like smart i mean like einstein couldn't relate to normal human beings and spaz can't either so that means you've got to be genius material yeah big spaz have you invented anything in your life no but i always wanted to yeah any ideas do you have any inventions in your uh then you're ahead of you ever thought of some way maybe that uh mankind could do something a little better than they're doing it now and actually i wrote them i wrote some ideas down at their home and uh there's gotta be one that anything you remember yeah off the top of your head problem solver wrote them a long time ago new type of internal combustion engine perhaps or uh well i got a way to clean up the air a little something like that yes and what's that i they wrote it down all at home that the uh the statistics and linguistics of it all right maybe i'll have to bring those yeah could you bring your inventions in i want to i want to say what kind of inventions he has yes okay we're all looking forward to checking out your inventions oh yeah uh tony montana what's up yeah what's up tony just as fast can you hear me tony tony the cops come and run yes i found in montana yes do you know what a horse is an ass that's how big they don't fly straight that's you spaz why you talk about the cuban american like that all right i'm not gonna chew chew i'm not gonna chew chew manolo chew this piece of all right let's get back into spaz as we can review he's the biggest dumbass in town speaking of garbage darryl strawberry darryl strawberry's decided to leave his rehab in florida to uh because he says he's ready to go out into uh civilized world and play baseball again uh strawberry here's a hint just stay where you are because you're only going to end up back there anyway so whatever rehab he's in who what where where he was in i say just save his bed and save his room keep it available because he'll be back because uh he's just washed up his best years were with the match and when the match didn't need him anymore because he was washed up uh when he was still coked up and boozing the match got all their thing out and just give him to the yankees which is the cesspool of baseball oh really speaking of baseball the yankees are the cesspool of baseball why do you think the yankees are the cesspool of baseball i'm embarrassed to be a met fan all the rejects spaz is a met fan all the rejects go to the yankees well they're doing something right they've won a few world series lately yeah yeah that's because is when they can't beat them they recruit them they recruit them yes you know why why when the same players were on the mets in recent years yes didn't they win a world series yeah since 86 since 86 well they came close in 88 against the night they came close that's right but it i mean they were a great team but did the strawberry just was just washed up when he left the match i believe in 89 or 90 why the hatred for the yankees so much because they're i said it before and i'll say it again they're cocky they're stuck up they think they're number one when they're not well and ricky henderson's not cocky and stuck up see because he's the biggest a-hole in the league and we have to deal with them on the mats and look where he came from the yankees he came from oakland if the yeah exactly i think he played for oakland a little more than he did with the yankees but he took that yankee mentality with him oh my god but the yankees go around like they're all uh big and number one yes but they're not they are number one they won the world series yeah see they have what they call uh bragging rights a winning attitude yeah but they don't act like i don't see them you know jumping up and down they don't act like winners what are they doing wrong i mean i'm a met fan defending the yankees but i feel like i have to they act like a-hole braggarts they do what do they do what have they done that they're jumping in anyone's face they win and that's it it's not like they're jumping up and down on the side of the road going ah we are the best they might as well do that because they're not doing that blatantly but they're doing it subtly give me an example of uh the yankees rubbing it in our faces that every year that the met yankee series comes up they go up to the match and says well you know we kicked your ass the last few times so this is just like a blow-by series we'll just kick your ass again and be on our merry way what what uh player was quoted as saying that yeah no they basically say they have that attitude like okay we're going to come in here win three games and we're going to leave the match can kick their ass anytime but but anytime all right listen i have an announcement to make i am officially a i hope he's changing i think i might have to change sides and umpires i think favor the yankees because of their you know past lineage their past lineage edge lineage what oh my god lineage lineage lineage lineage and what's this past lineage it's because they were the first team ever in baseball no they weren't this god you can't play with yourself they just they just got together and waited for years they waited where's another team so we can play hey we're winners again this year no one else to play they get a play with while they waited for another team to come along 1876 there were only three teams the yankees the dodgers and the washington senators very wrong right and the milky braves four teams the way back in 1876 i i know you dude you want you want to shake it i i know people want to strangle you know distance they were the only team with the dodgers and the washington senators oh my god okay in la brooklyn but then they all got typhoid fever back then it was before cancer cancer wasn't invented until 1910 i thought that's how i understood it wow yeah you understand a lot wow all right let's get back to your argument the met yankee argument i'm dumbfounded don't you think when the time comes when the met's do win the world series which is this year that we will be rubbing it into the yankees uh fans faces it's just what we do in this city of ours no the match would be dignified oh my god dude dignified you're crazy it's the same argument with the islanders and the rangers know how many years we abused the ranger fans 1940 they and then they finally win and and and they're giving it back to us it's just how it is it so happens the mets haven't won in a while but soon as the mets win we're going to give it right back to the yankee fans no the mets are dignified dignified they have standards what oh my god holy cow i think too many uh too much jet fuel from the planes going into laguardia have been dumped on your head sitting up in the i think i broke my hand i got so excited my give me some ice jack what's up oh god i can't believe you let this jack ass talk i can't believe you let this jack ass talk hey spaz you're paying attention spaz you dumb crap the yankees were not in 1876 the planet you came from was not around in 1876 you douchebag the yankees started playing baseball if i recall correctly in 1921 or 1918 and yankee stadium was built and opened in 1923 i forget the year myself but we gotta go back to the start spaz pay close attention here the yankees did not i'm sorry the mets did not give up strawberry because he was washed up your dumb douche they gave him up because he was on drugs and the yankees did not take him because we need a team we need a player that's washed up that can suck so we lose a lot you dumb crap they took him because he has one of the strongest power swings in baseball and he can hit a home run well over 400 feet and he can hit many of them you know like the ones that keep hitting you in the head you moron and spaz let me teach you a little bit english also pay close attention spaz it's not thou dost protest it's thou dost protest right the other way it's thou dost are an idiot i think maybe the water that fell on your head was acid and it seeped into your brain you moron don't pay off your debts maybe we can export your ass out of the country we can use your low lanky body as a flagpole and they're going to kill by your douchebag like a flag in your ass you scout boy you moron jack you're funny thank you oh god please please do me a favor i beg you i beg you i'll send you down i can make a beer shoot him in the head and do it on the ear i want to hear on the air i want to hear the bullet go into that moron's adult brain empty head all right jack thank you god brilliant oh bs and lade bro instant feedback coming in this one george steinbrenner checking in from the bronx okay uh hey spaz i don't owe any money nyan nyan nyan nyan greg from jersey tell him to take out another 20 grand and get an effing education and the braves were in boston spaz and i don't and and bob wants to say that milwaukee didn't even exist in 1877 what's up hey what's up all right fast all right check this out i don't even think constant was a state all right milwaukee is a city wisconsin is a state milwaukee is in wisconsin okay i don't even think wisconsin was a state in 1876 yes i think idiot can someone check that for us get it out almanac out and see if milwaukee even existed in 1877 i graduated from high school i didn't spend 27 000 on an education i actually i do believe the wisconsin was part of the louisiana purchase okay which was indeed done uh before before 1876 but i believe it was a territory well now we're debating semantics my friend yeah you're right i think corky steinbrenner should check in on this and and he should offer up his opinion thank you later guys bye what happens uh spaz do you know what uh semantics means uh semantics i believe i have an idea and um it's basically the uh the logistics of it the uh the uh the formality of it i remember when laura ingles and pa went to go see the first yankee game joe what's up it was the same because mary was blind at the time and she took the whole blind school and they couldn't see the game it was terrible logic out of things uh joe sorry we had to cut you off what'd you say i said uh i don't know how my car is pointed straight down the road in anger i ripped the steering wheel off i make heads or tails out of did he listen to himself when he opens his mouth i know i think i broke my head i got so pissed and i'm a met fan and i had it i had to stick up for the yankee fans how crazy is that you know i it's a shame where you gotta cut your losses and drop your favorite team because you're on the same side as a whole moron thank you joe uh sorry guys i don't know how you guys put up with about shaking do me a favor grab them and shake them for the rest of the year looking out you really piss off people i remember when george washington threw out the first pitch between the yankees and uh the florida marlins davis saying the yankees started in uh 1903 anthony 1903 i'm getting reports that uh the yankees were called the new york highlanders first it was 1911 okay um steve from the bronx writes my my i own a diploma is dropping in value faster than microsoft that's good let's go to jack real fast jack what's up hey how you doing do you guys hear me yeah i want to get that yeah yeah this is very scary guys yeah this kid's so stupid i think movies did it play four inches to the right you're starting to do this oh boy this is too good today uh craig what's going on hey i think i think we should get all these bigs that listen to your radio show yeah get the 47 000 together and kick them off the show yeah a lot of people uh saying they'll send in money if you will stop your weekend review spaz yes that's enough if i only had a brain you gotta get a picture of spaz in his boy scout uniform do you still have that spaz i still have my uniform oh god damn it dude he's gotta come in dressed in that boy scout uniform does it fit you at all uh it's a the shirt is a little small all right this is what we're gonna do this is what we're gonna do all right i'm gonna admit this i am stealing this idea from a homeless guy that i see in um in times square when i walked down a penn station yeah we want you to come to work one day next week in your boy scout uniform we are going to have you hold a sign that simply says for five bucks you could insult me and you stand there with your boy scout uniform and the sign that's pretty good and people could come outside the studio outside the brooklyn diner they will hand you five bucks so they could yell and scream at you you will make a bloody fortune the people will just insult me without giving me the money no no no we'll make sure we'll have rick down there psycho mark we'll make sure it's all planned they'll have to line up they hand over their five bucks and they could say whatever they want to you just one insult uh no but like they gotta get a string until they run out of steam yeah they get a little string no more than a minute look we are collecting money right we got 50 bucks insult spaz for five bucks are you game next week okay you will probably make a couple hundred bucks easily i can put that towards my dad what day you guys want to do insult spaz for five bucks tuesday okay tuesday you i want all the listeners to show up and line up give your five bucks you can get a wow sticker and stuff too and you get to insult spaz and say whatever you want because people are freaking out out there okay but you have to wear the boy scout uniform yeah sash and all sash and all okay we're setting that up for tuesday insult spaz for five bucks okay okay all right anthony we got to take a break oh ben stein is on the line we're going to talk to him next and then we'll get back into spaz as we can review spas should stick around and learn something ben stein very intelligent man a very intelligent man matter of fact you can help us with the interview spaz should be an interesting little contrast sure it is it is spaz radio today you might as well sit in on a little interview with ben stein super genius and uh spaz well we all know what spaz is all about all right okay all right we'll be back with ben stein next day there we're looking for a few good enemas what the hell are you talking about hey anthony carcash yeah this is the way to sell your car you don't want to be hassled with the newspaper ads god we've all done that at one point in our lives right you have your car you're trying to sell it you take the ad out in the paper you try to make it sound all cool and stuff you put your uh your home phone number there three in the morning you're getting calls from people god forbid there's a misprint in the paper all of a sudden your uh your corvette is being sold for 20 bucks and you're getting calls at all hours from people it's a big pain in the ass and then the person that comes over the house and tries to chew down the value of your car and he's looking underneath saying wow it seems to be something with the i-bama muffler bearing they're like what not a mechanic what i just want to sell my car and then there's a lot of people out there that just feel guilty asking for a high price yeah they're like huh i know it's worth like three grand but uh i'll sell for two grand how about the phone call from the guy a week after you sell the car hello sydney my car broke down what happened you you sold it to me and now it doesn't run i'm coming to you sydney and then uh you don't want to deal with that all right car cash yeah simple as this guys if you're going to be uh you know selling your ride in the near future call carcash 1-800-CAR-CASH 1-800-CAR-CASH to give you top dollar for your car uh no fooling around they make it so freaking easy to sell your car it's not even funny give them a call 1-800-CAR-CASH 1-800-CAR-CASH or visit carcash on the web at www.carcash.com or stop by carcash on west 55th street between 11th and 12th avenues in manhattan give them a call 1-800-CAR-CASH that's 1-800-CAR-CASH i'm just around here we go okay anthony our genius gets lost in the crap i'm gonna cut the crap on this end i can tell you that 1027 wmew all right anthony lots going on in the show today yeah cycle mark heading out of the building in about 10 minutes he's got more wow stickers to give out right outside the building he'll be in front of the brooklyn diner on the corner 57th and 7th street with uh the brand new wow stickers so you can get them before uh you head home tonight okay full all right we'll be there in about 10 15 minutes tops but right now we got to say hi to ben stein anthony ben stein hey ben hi how are you there are you okay did i just hear you do an ad where you said somebody was going to chew down the price of a car no he said chew down you just oh that's a lot different we wouldn't say chew down on a commercial we would say during the show but not during a paid advertisement ben okay you being of jewish uh background i would take it ben yeah of course and if we were going to say something like that we certainly wouldn't say it just before we talked to ben sorenstein i see you sure fooled me oh my god are we going to get off on a bad foot with ben stein right from the start well i really think that's a jackass thing to do but we said chew down baby well it sounds just like judean oh my god well i mean come on that's a crappy thing to do it's just an absolutely explicit invitation to racism well it was it's it's a term that is used chew not jew i wouldn't have said jew down chew down you know you'd see like a beaver would go at a tree he would chew down the tree okay well it sounds just like jew down and anybody who's listening to it is going to know you're saying chew down with a tiny tiny change in the act of like chew down oh my god ben are you are you this insane are you actually this insanely crazy that you're arguing over chew or chew down hello ben i think you just hung up ben stein just hung up the guy's effing out of his mind ben stein just hung up on us he's trying to get into some kind of racial argument over over a chew down i said chew down i think he's still on lunes some man's a friggin lunatic get him back on the phone oh my god i can't believe ben stein hung up on us we were doing comedy central a favor we don't need ben stein on our show smoke and then in turn he hangs up on us you know if he had an iota of a reason to be upset about anything that was said here i would let him uh speak his piece and and actually uh get get a few words he was making no sense is he insane you've never heard the the term chew chew down chew down oh my god he is sort of effing fiable wow i thought he was kidding hi hi boys what are you saying chew down you can't get him back on the line i i called the people who are taking care of it they're gonna i think he's on the phone with them right now let me tell you something you know what do you think that what we i am amazed i am frigging stunned and this is why we don't have celebrities on our show because first of all they don't get the show second of all they're all high and mighty hey hey i'm ben stein hey i could almost do a ben stein impression and he's so much drinking out there ben you got you got to be crazy to think that oh i said you got to be crazy you're a wacky jew bastard i can't believe he got that upset when i wasn't even saying is it is that the point we're at in this country where you can't even say things that sound like something else that was his whole argument it sounded too close to jew down even though we didn't even say jew down as i figure it so bad we didn't even say that so ben you're trying to say that we think all jews are cheap chew down that's the term you use when someone walks up to you and is trying to get a bargain in on a price that you have set they are trying to chew down the price aren't they oh my god he's a cheap the man is insane i am stunned that this man is this frigging crazy get him back on the line i understand a jewish man's concern with anti-semitism fine and dandy when you have a legitimate argument stuff like that is is downright insane and dangerous uh rob from the city you racist bastards first you offend the rock now ben stein i thought the rock was crazy wow oh my god ben stein's a cheap jew though i'm not saying all jews but ben is he thinks it's hip to wear sneakers with suits no it's because he doesn't want to you know spend the money for a nice pair of shoes are you are you just like dumbfounded at this i it's the guy comes across on his show as a very intelligent man but that's why you know that's why we don't bother with celebrities they're all just they're they're just ass wipes most of them complete ass wipes well that's it and then doesn't even give us a chance to explain chew me you do me ben stein you did explain you did explain yourself actually i can explain myself in in utter disbelief that i even had to explain myself uh let's play one of the jewish songs now um alan what's going on uh yo anthony he said chew down that guy's a retard chew down exactly common frigging uh english get him on the line so i could play joe's uh joe's song for him he won't call back he won't call back hi i'm an ass wife we were doing him and comedy central a favor uh rick you know the the comedy the the daily show minute doesn't run anymore in our show yeah doesn't run anymore in our show oh my god we do them a favor by running the daily show minute in the two o'clock hour every day gone see ya bye not gonna have ben stein make us look like idiots unbelievable if some you know something if someone even has an iota of a reason to be upset with us fine that came so far out of left field for no frigging reason unbelievable ben stein hello hello ben stein's calling back ben put him on hold so i can talk to him hello ben hello ben stein everyone i'm back what's the problem man well i was a little upset with the uh no anthony said chew chew down chew down chew down yes unbelievable the blatant racism going on in your program if it was about the chinks or the spades i wouldn't care but my own people yeah well anthony definitely said chew and not chew i don't get chew that's a derogatory term for a chinaman but you all right it's good i'll be i'll be right back all right i was rick definitely unbelievable definitely throw the daily show minutes in the garbage not gonna not gonna have ben stein uh do that to us please yeah what happens when someone sneezes ah chew what what was that i can't believe you just said that you know the next time we do that commercial too we are going to use the word jiu yeah ben stein hell if he's going to be pissed at us i know he's listening right now hey hey ben take a listen to thisgement yes no We peel it off and hang to dry before we screw them in With a nipple here and a nipple there, don't use skin with too much hair Or I'm afraid I need that lunch it may not keep my skin Or I'm afraid of why did you not cook schwarzes and sticks You let the mongrels get away, they mix and wop and shinks With an up-fung here and a sick high there, eat a juice and a chewy bib and a ditch Or I'm not here and eating problems just to cook some juice You took some issues with some people. Now if you would explain that that song was indeed entered into the contest we were having on this program, the most offensive song ever to be aired on the show contest people would understand that is why we were playing the song. You played it in anger. And I cannot agree with that. You jerk! Oh my God. What happened to Anthony? Hey. Mike, what's going on? Yeah, I say we boycott his show. Whatever, do what you want. That was just... If you were a Jew, I'll kill you. If you were listening, you heard exactly what he said. He didn't say anything racist for a change. What a pussy he hung up on us. He's like, why don't you argue it further? Ben Stein, my God. You know he was a speechwriter for Nixon? What, the crazy years? Did you write that rambling checkers speech? Who said Jew? The speechwriter for one of the biggest anti-Semites in the White House. I hate that Jew Henry Kissinger. Where's Ben Stein, that Jew? Unbelievable! That's funny too. You do someone a favor and that's what happens. Okay, that's good. That's beautiful. You know something? Yeah, if we have a tape of me saying that... Did you tape the commercial? The Chew Down? Yeah, of course we did. Play that and then I want to hear Ben Stein again. I got to hear exactly what he said. I want to... because I didn't think he was that angry. I thought he had a sense of humor and was playing along or something. I could not possibly believe a man who comes across so intelligent on TV is so ignorant. I can't confirm this, but FC from Baldwin writes, I was watching Ben Stein's Money One Day and Jimmy Kimmel, who's a friend of the show, mentioned Ben Franklin's kite and Ben thought he said, kike, and yelled at him. I said I can't confirm that. Someone asked him why would you penalize Jon Stewart because Ben Stein said ask. No, I didn't say... we're just not going to run the Daily Show Minute. We're not telling people to boycott. We got dicked over again. The Opie and Anthony show, we don't need to interview Ben Stein to get good ratings. We were doing somebody a favor. We thought it would be kind of cool, a quick five minute interview with Ben Stein. Where's Joe Lyon from Comedy Central? He ain't calling. Come on, Joe. He ain't calling. Get him on the horn. I want to know what's behind all this. He ain't calling. Oh my God. That doesn't sit well with us at all. That's just sad. How were you a Nixon speechwriter in like the 70s, right? And you're so like left on the political scale, like so far to the left. Yeah, they're trying to get him back on the line. All right, we got to take a break, Anthony. All right. We'll find the commercial where you said chew. Chew. Chew down. And then we'll... Did I listen to a commercial? All right, on the way, Shane McMahon, if he's brave enough to call our show. Oh my God. I better watch what I say. What nationality of the McMahon's? Irish? Oh my God, let's not talk about how much the Irish drink. For God's sake. I'm going to call his sister a slut, see how long it takes for him to hang up. Why not? Oh my God. All right, Anthony, that's our Ben Stein interview. Okay, great. Where's Jimmy Kimmel? Huh? Where's Jimmy Kimmel? Get him on the phone too. Yeah, tell Rick to call Jimmy Kimmel up. The guy you work with is the biggest tight ass. Well, he worked close to him for a while there, a few years. Yeah. He might have some insight. He still is. He's still co-hosting the show with him. Well, I think he's actually done. The show's there running. Yeah. He already taped and there's going to be a new host. Oh, really? Yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah. Oh, Kimmel's definitely leaving the show. I'm not sure exactly when, but... Good for Jimmy. All right, let's take a break, Ant. We'll be back. We still have to get back into Spaz's Week in Review. Shane McMahon checking in. And more stupidity on the way. Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, 1027, W-A-E-W. It's the Opie and Anthony Show. Full line, 212-757-1027. Ben Stein just hung up on us. I was up with that guy. Shane McMahon just hung up on us. Hey, where did Shane go? Quite a cluster up today. Why are all our guests hanging up on us, Anthony? Well, Shane, I think it might have been a technical glitch. I believe so. I don't think. They got Backlash Sunday on Pay-Per-View. Looks like it's going to be an exciting one, Anthony. Stone Cold Steve Austin in the Rocks Corner. Stone Cold Steve Austin on SmackDown last night. Very, very exciting stuff happening with the WWF lately. Yes. We're getting the Ben Stein stuff together to replay it because that was just out of left field. I mean, I got to hear him again just to... I have a hard time believing that was serious. And Ben, if you're still listening, I'm sure someone at Comedy Central is listening. Tell Ben Stein he's a retard. The phones are just exploding. That's ridiculous. To chew down a price, I don't care what it sounds like. That isn't what I said. It isn't what I meant. Louis, what's up? Yeah, dudes, I can't believe how dumb this old effer is. He's complaining that the word chew down sounded like a racial form. Hey, Ben, you paying attention? Ben, there's a word in the English language called niggardly. It means cheap. Oh, no, we're insulting the Spokes. Oh, no. Oh, my God. I don't think you're really making your points. The guy's a moron. The guy's a moron. You got to stop getting these morons on your show. You got spams. That's enough. The sad part is we were doing somebody a favor. We don't need Ben Stein on our radio show to get good ratings. Trust me. We thought it would be a fun, quick little interview. He could plug his show and then we're done. It was great in First Bueller's Day Off, the one line he had. But then it really enters dangerous territory. Well, now we've got a Jewish guy on the line that wants to speak his mind. Hi, what's up? What's up, guys? How are you? Good. How are you guys doing? I apologize for playing that song to you. I was just so pissed off. I really wanted to give him personally something to be pissed off at if he was going to hang up on us. So I do apologize to you personally. Absolutely no need. I think it's pretty good that anybody with half a brain listens to your show. You guys are doing it in good humor. For real. I was listening to the ad right before hand and it didn't even cross my mind that you had said anything. That's what got me so agitated. I know what I said and I know what I meant by it. Exactly. And that is common knowledge that to chew down a price, you're chewing the price down. Right. Nibbling away at the price, nibbling away, chewing the price down. Right. It has nothing to do with chewing down the price. Exactly. I mean, people I think are sensitive to it. The sensitivity in this country has gotten way out of hand. He's trying to tell me what I meant by it. Exactly. It sounded like something else you were saying. It's like, you know what, man? You cleaned it up, you said exactly what you meant to say. And it's like, just leave it alone, Ben. We'll let you make your own decision. We're going to play it again in a few minutes here. I've got to cut you off because our buddy, our pal, Shane McMahon is on the hotline. I'd rather hear him than me. Go ahead. All right. Cool. We've got to try. Why am I such a retard? Anyone? Anyone? Anyone? Anyone? Shane O'Mac. What's up, fellas? Hey, Shane. How are you guys doing? There he is. How are you, sir? Excellent. I've got to say congratulations to you guys. Number one drive time. Phenomenal. I'm picking ass. Two years. And you know, I've got to say, Anthony, happy 42nd birthday. Yeah, right? You know, that was great. Sorry I was a little belated, but I wanted to wish it to you. Jesus Christ, please. I've got a few more before that. Shane, just like the WWF, we're on top of the world, baby. On top of the world. Hey, thank you for WrestleMania. Yeah, we've got to thank you right off the bat. We had a great time. Oh, beautiful. That was great. Yes. I didn't see you guys at the after-party, though. No, we weren't invited. Actually, you were, but you couldn't get in. Yeah, that was it. Right. It was all filled up, but we couldn't get out through the door. We had passes and everything. No, we were hanging low, man. We didn't want to push it. But we definitely appreciate the trip. It was great. It was a great, great time. We really had a lot of fun. Good deal. That's what it's all about. How are you going to handle your ass-beating on this pay-per-view this Sunday? Well, first of all, I'm an official, so you're not allowed to put your hands on the official. Yeah, we'd have to see that. Okay, number one. Are you going to be cheating as the official on that? No, come on. You guys know me. I will be totally impartial, straight down the middle. Yeah, yeah, I'm sure. If you guys hear all this speaker stuff in the background, I'm at our studio right now. I hear you're in the middle of working out. Actually, I haven't got to it yet. I was just about to, you know. Pumping some iron. No, actually, I'm about to go run around the ring a little bit and get my wind. Oh, yeah, so you can run away from whoever is there. Hey, man, I've got to stay in shape. I've got to stay in shape running away from everybody. You know, it's great. It's been so long since we've seen the classic scene of Shane McMahon running away from Stone Cold Steve Austin. I'm really looking forward to that. Well, I think things are going to change this time because if Austin gets in the ring, you know, plus, you know, we've got Vinnie Mack to counteract Austin running away. Yeah, and he's always fared so well to out in front of Stone Cold. Hey, you know, you forget Vinnie Mack and I defeated Stone Cold Steve Austin in the ladder match at King in the Ring back in the day of June. I think Stone Cold couldn't really get traction in the ring because of all your blood. That might have been a problem. He's going to have to work on that one. Right. Let's hope we don't have the same thing happen Sunday. Actually, that's probably what everyone wants to happen, but you know. It was great to see Stone Cold last night, man. Yeah, it was cool. It was, you know, being in the ring and watching that, even though he blew up an expensive vehicle. Yeah, you guys are really out of the vehicles, man. Yeah, we stopped at nothing. Now, are we talking to Shane the character or Shane the man? Oh, this is, you know, I kind of go in and out. Yeah, he's both. All right. Could you go into character so I can say something to you? Uh-uh. Because I don't want to insult you personally. No problem. All right. So now I'm talking to the character, Shane. Yeah, go ahead. Okay. Stephanie's a slut. I mean, you hear 20,000 screaming at all the time back and forth, left and right, you know. And what has she really done to deserve that? You know, what has she done to deserve that? Well, Shane, when you go back and remember how she looked, the sweet, innocent sister, maybe the scene of her all dirty, locked in the boiler room, tied to that demonic symbol that the undertaker had when he was trying to marry her. And then you look at her now in the short little skirts, the little belly shirts. And the super tidy, exactly. Yeah, she's running around with the likes of Triple H. I mean, it's kind of... So you're saying if the outfit fits? Yeah. Yeah. Now, how is that for an older brother and a father? I mean, you guys are doing great. It's very popular. That's a great story. I mean, for the love of God, you're standing out there and people are calling your sister a slut. Some of the signs can't even be repeated in the radio. Oh, now I'm out of character again. So now it's... well, I almost set a profanity there. It's hard. It's tough. I guess. You know, it's just like you look over and you see all these... you know, like you say, you can't even repeat some of the stuff out there. And I was like, oh my God, I saw one yesterday. It was awful. What? It said, Steph Swallows. Oh my God! And I'm sitting there and I go, God damn! I go, jeez! See, people, the signs... It's not cruel. And I'm sitting there and I go, God! I wanted to jump over there and beat the hell out of this kid. Yeah, sure. You know? Man, I have a younger sister. I mean, if a guy looked at her wrong, we would beat him up. Oh, I know. You've got to weigh it, I guess, with how hard it is to look at and how popular it is. I mean, people love calling our names. Oh yeah, they love that. And how's she doing with all that? I guess she's doing okay. Yeah, it doesn't get to her? No, I don't think anything ever... well... Put a pair of panties on and get out there! Right. Is your father... has he suggested anything to her that she's gone, look, Dad, you're out of your frigging mind? No. No, as far as storylines go? She's crazy. She's just as crazy as he is. And are some of the writers afraid to approach your father with some of these ideas? No, it's me. Oh really? They approach you with this stuff? No, they circumvent me. I come in and I go, what are you guys out of your mind? You know, I get all physical... I'm tough in the back. All right, Shane, we've got an idea. A double-dong-dildo match. Lovely. Shane, put that down. That's good. That's good. Very... we're looking forward to... It'd be better if it was on a pole. A double-dong-dildo on a pole match? You gotta work towards it and use it against your opponent. Put it in Rakeshie. There you go. It might get lost. How do the guys deal with that? What, Rakeshie? Oh my God, you gotta say that! Hold your breath. It's called the stink face. That's what it's called in the locker. Stink face. Because you guys in the back must be just laughing your ass off. That's great. And then you're just like, hey, what? And sometimes Rakeshie will do it and you won't know what's coming. Oh, great. You know, it's part of it. And you can't do a thing about it. I mean, it's 400-something pounds. The best was Pete Rose getting it at WrestleMania. And Pete did a great job. Pete comes back year after year for the abuse. It is so damn funny. He loves it. He loves it, but he goes, oh man, no more choke slam. He goes, that's out. Oh yeah? Yeah, he didn't like that. He was holding his head in the back. He had that big ice pack. He goes in that ass. In the ass? I was just like, damn, I'd be scrubbing my face. Oh man. And of course at WrestleMania, the ladder match, again. Oh, insane. Phenomenal. Phenomenal. All three of those teams are just amazing. Yeah. You gotta give it up to the Dudleys though. They're Long Island boys. You gotta get props there. Yeah, I've heard he hangs out at a lot of the same strip clubs we do. It's just kind of cool. We just haven't bumped into him yet. The Dudley boys are my favorites now. The Dudley boys are insane. Man, they picked up some heat. Definitely. I didn't think they were really going to take off at first. Yeah, well you get the 3D action going and then they take on TNA. Yeah. Trish Stratus. Hello. Ho, ho. I was just about to mention that I'm holding the Raw magazine where you got all the girls in their bikini layouts. Diva. Oh, wow. I got about, right? Trish is unbelievable. Yeah, I'm trying to convince the writers to write me into a nice story with that. I keep getting shot down. Yeah, you're smart, man. Give me a storyline with a J. Right, yeah. You don't have much pull yet. Come on. Yeah, I know. I'm better now. That should have happened immediately. Now, obviously everybody's speculating. The Rock and Stone Cold, no one sees any love there. I don't see any love. So I'm thinking this Sunday we're going to see somebody turn. Payback. Payback. Could be payback. Could be. You know, do we see another WrestleMania? Did anyone call that one negative? Thank you very much. That's a negative. One for McMahon. Check. I think everyone turns on Triple H Sunday. I think it's time. I think it's time. I think it's time to boot him out of Bigg's Tau. Oh, you guys went the other way. You're thinking... I never know. I always think I have it figured out and you screw me. Yeah, you guys do have some gray rights. There are times I'm convinced I know what's going to happen. Just like Dan said, you screw us over and go, God, they went the other way. It's fun. You've got to give a lot of credit to the talent too. Because a lot of the ideas are there as well. So it's a complete... it is a team. It's a team effort and that's how we all pull it off and entertain. We just want the best possible product out there. So we take it from everyone. So kudos to everyone and it's really a pleasure to work with it. It's so much fun. Yeah, it's a pisser to watch, man. Yeah, go ahead, Shane, sorry. No, no problem. You guys are living your dream. You guys are doing exactly what you want to do. That's what all of us there, we get to do too. So it's awesome. Yeah, but you guys catch beatings on a daily basis. Yeah, definitely. The hazard pay needs to come into effect. You're insane getting into the mix like that. I don't know what the hell... Obviously, you're family is very well off in this business. It worked hard, built up a lot of money. It worked hard, built up WWF to the point where you guys are comfortable, I'm sure. I don't think you need to be throwing yourself off the top rope onto floors, having people throw you over the top rope onto the floor. Yeah, we've seen the aftermath firsthand. We had an old superstar in the studio recently. Oh my God. Oh my God. That was a mistake. Brutal, huh? Where's the little sound clip we have of him? See if you can identify this. Who is this guy? Who is this? Ouch! Ouch! Do you hear that? One more time. Ouch! It's one word, it's kind of rough. Maybe give him this. Alright, hold on. Listen to this clip. Okay, brother. Do you hear that? Yeah. Who is that? Well, you do it one more time. Okay. Okay, brother. Did you hear it that time? No. Alright, hold on. Okay, brother. I talked over it that time. Alright, hold on, hold on. One more time. Here it is. Okay, brother. Is that Jimmy? Yeah. The Superfly. Superfly. Superfly. Oh my God, I hope you're using softer canvas these days. When those boys are jumping off the top rope. Oh man. Maybe you should hit each other on the back of the head with pillows. This is brutal. One of the funniest things is everyone always asks, oh my God, how do you... Tell you guys, where do you guys get those chairs? You know, it looks like it hurts. Yeah, pick up a chair, pick up a steel chair and swing it at about 70 miles an hour and connect with someone's skull. That's what's going on. That's it. Alright, a lot of people asking questions, Shane. I'll give you a few here real fast. Undertaker, what's going on? Undertaker's rehabbing. You know, he tore his peck off. His pecker? Uh-oh. What did you do? Hello? Shane, sorry about that. No problem. Say that again. You guys haven't got that console fixed since the last time. I know, I know. It's a mess around here. It's a mess around here. It's brutal. He was playing. Alright, so he pulled his... He tore his peck off the bone. You know, he was training. And it put him way out. First it was hip and then he tore his peck. It was way back. But Undertaker, he's doing fabulous. His rehab's going very well. So he's in there every day doing physical rehabilitation and getting stronger. And he's so pumped to come back. You know, he's just dying. But he should be back pretty soon. Now we saw Shawn Michaels at the hotel during WrestleMania. HBK, yeah. He wasn't involved in anything. Is he coming back for anything? You know, we always reserve that right to do. You know, Shawn's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He's a very good guy. He was truly, you can call him the Michael Jordan of our business. He was just phenomenal with everything he did. You know, so I'm a big Shawn fan. But, you know, unfortunately all those bumps have taken a huge toll on his back. And he's a family man now. He just had a baby boy. Yeah, we saw him pushing around a little stroller out of the hotel. Yeah, that's what he's focused on. And so we're real happy for him. But Shawn has so many things to still offer the WWF and himself and his family. There's tons of stuff for him to do. Okay. And Mankind, obviously everyone's asking about... Nick's chilling at home. He's in Florida right now. Not a Long Island boy, by the way. Yeah. So he's just hanging out in Florida, kind of recouping. He's the oldest 34-year-old in the business. Yeah, you know, because he, I mean, talking about self-mutilation, he is just... He did it all. You know, he just gets that charge from the fans. And he just, I mean, you guys have seen him. Just threw his body out there. Caution to the wind. It takes it to a new level. So, uh, Mick's healing. He's retired, you know, for now. And who knows? You know, there's other things for Mick to do. Will he ever return to the ring? Possibly. He can't stay away. You know? He's coming back eventually. Yeah, I think so. Hey, any other family members out there that you're going to bring into the ring? Your mom out there is great. Yeah. It's so fun to watch over the time that they've all been getting a lot more exposure. They're acting getting a little better. You know, their personality's changing and stuff. Because I'll tell you something. Stephanie had to have been the worst actress I've ever seen when she first came on board. Did that change? Well, you know something? It has changed. The slut thing fits her better. Don't take that wrong. But she plays it off better. Right. Than the innocent girl. Right. And your mom is just hysterical. The faces she makes when she's got to slap you kids around. That's her. That's her. That's what's the beauty of it. It's so funny. I mean, that's her. Yeah. You know, it's easy. Any other family members out there? Are there any other McMans in the wings? Sure. There are other family members. Yeah. Sure. Bring them out? Possibility. Yeah. I've got a half brother. I don't know. Yeah. We'll see. All right. Who knows? I've got a crazy cousin. I don't know. They're also asking about Mr. Ass. Mr. Ass. Really, I mean, towards the rotator cuff, right over his shoulder, he just landed on all of his weight. He'll be out probably another three months. All right. And is Shamrock coming back? I don't know what's up with Kenny. Yeah. You know, I know Kenny is training right now for a shoot fight in Japan. So that's what Ken Shamrock's been doing. I believe it's coming up soon. Cook. But we'll never see it over in this country because I guess it's outlawed. Yeah. Yes. Which is ridiculous, but we won't go into that. And a lot of people asking about The Rock. Is he taking some time off to film that movie? Yes. Yes, but only like a week. Oh, really? Yeah. Oh, okay. A lot of people thought he was going away for like a few months. I'm like, no. Negative. Yeah, I didn't think so. Negative. Can't let that happen. You know, we like to pick on The Rock too much. That's true. You know, but I mean, he'll be making that movie not as the WWF champion, I assure you. Mm-hmm. That's great. Yee! I love that. I'm pumped for Sunday. I am. I'm psyched. I am. I'm very excited. Wait to watch it, Sam. Yeah, just to give you guys kind of an insider perspective, just to be in there in the energy when you've got Rock on one side and Triple H and then you've got Austin on the outside. Oh, and that glass breaks and he comes out the door. It's going to be insane. Yeah. And you can't help it. I wish I could describe it or someone could get that rush. If you could bottle that rush, you'd be a huge seller. Yeah. It'd be phenomenal because the goosebumps just go straight up your back on your arms and everything. But feel that electricity just permeating through your body just boom, boom. It's insane. That's cool. And then especially when I'm on top of him beating the hell out of him. I'm just like this. I'm like, yeah, I'm the man, baby! Shane, wake up. Wake up, Shane. Right. You're napping. I'm fast. Thank God. I'm faster than most people. That's what keeps me alive. Thank God, really. You could run up that ramp fast. I can run, babe. I can run. All right, Shane. We look forward to the pay-per-view this Sunday. Beautiful. Very excited. Check it out. A little backlash for you. Backlash. Again, guys, congratulations to you. Become a number one. Thank you. You guys should have been there a long time ago. Yeah, we're coming. But hey, record pace. All right. Keep it rolling. Thanks, man. Thank you, Shane. Later, guys. We'll talk to you soon. Bye. Shane McMahon, everyone, from the government of Mac. That went well, see? See? He didn't hang up on us. That was good. That was a fun interview on the phone with one of our friends, Shane McMahon. Yeah, he's always been cool to us. Him and his father. We've got to get Vince back in here. He's just hilarious. Vince McMahon of the WWF. Over the top. Mark downstairs. My daughter, a crotchless panty match. Let's go to Mark real fast. Psycho Mark, what's going on? Hey, guys, I'm downstairs in front of the Brooklyn Diner here with tons of wild stickers. All right. Anyone's in the neighborhood? More than welcome to come by and grab a few. No one's trying to chew you down for more stickers, are they? No one has chewed me down yet. Yeah, we've got the brand new wow stickers in this week. We're very proud of them. And Psycho Mark is outside the building, 57th and 7th, right in front of the Brooklyn Diner with a bunch of wow stickers. You'll be there for a little while? Yeah, I'll be here for at least a half hour, 45 minutes, maybe even longer. Who knows? A lot of people just stopping by or what? Yeah, there's actually a few guys that are waiting down here for like the last half hour. It took me a while to get down here. They're still waiting, so I gave them a few stickers. They're all set. All right, man. Got more people showing up? Cool. Have fun. All right, guys. All right, man. There's two other ways to get your wow sticker, and then we'll take a break. Then we'll get back into the Ben Stein thing, and we'll also get back into Spaz as we can review, which we blew off an hour ago already. Yeah, I know. Boy, the things that have been happening here. All right, so if you want to get a wow sticker, yeah, downstairs with Psycho Mark for a little longer, Brooklyn Diner, 57th and 7th. He's there right now. Or you could stop by Ranch One, Anthony. Ranch One, there's Ranch Ones all over the Tri-State area. They got their wow stickers today. Okay, just go into the one nearest you and ask for the wow sticker. They're not out on display because they know our listeners and that you'll take 100 or 200 for yourself. So just be nice to the guy behind the counter and say, hey, I'm here for the open Anthony wow sticker. Okay? Right. And if you can't get to a Ranch One location, you're maybe too far away or there's just not one in your neighborhood, just send a self-addressed stamped envelope to the station and we'll send you a wow sticker in the mail. We're getting tons of these in every day, which is pretty cool. The address, WNEW, 888 7th Avenue, 10th floor, New York, New York, 10106. And just write attention wow sticker or something on there. And if you need that address, I do believe it's on WNEW.com or the unofficial opening an Anthony website, which is FoundryMusic.com. A lot of info there. I apologize. Coming back with the Ben Stein thing, Ben, Ben Stein, Ben Stein decided to hang up on us. I don't know about 45 minutes ago. And if you missed it, stay right there. We'll explain the whole thing next. This is the best radio you guys can come up with. 1027 WNEW. Hi, this is Vince McMahon with WWF. And I'm here to tell you it doesn't get any more raw than Opie and Anthony. Raw! This is the best radio you can come up with. WNEW, the Stone Cold Rock of New York. WNEW, the Stone Cold. Hi, this is Vince McMahon with WWF. And my daughter's a hosebag. It's nice to have the WWF back on our side, Anthony. Yeah, making enemies every damn day on this damn radio show. Yeah, we can't alienate everybody, you know. It's nice to be on the same side as the WWF. They have their pay-per-view Sunday backlash. It looks like it's going to be a good one. Backlash! With the return of Stone Cold Steve Austin. Even though we had our problems with the WWF, we never went on to the dark side. I hope they realize that. Yes, exactly. See? Because there was another wrestling organization that knew that we were in... But I'm just trying to figure out if they're recording over something that we wanted to play. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. What I wanted to say, because I know the WWF people listen, Anthony. Yeah. When things got ugly between us and the WWF, there was another fine... Not a fine, but another wrestling league that came knocking, looking for the opportunity, came knocking, thought they would take advantage of the fact that we weren't getting along. And what did we say to that organization, Anthony? Nine? No. See ya. Your product sucks. If you're going to pick an organization, I mean a wrestling organization to be with, it might as well be the one that people watch. If we're not going to be friends with them, then we're just not going to befriend any wrestling organization. There you go. Okay, well, what a crazy, crazy show this has become once again today, Anthony. Yeah, I know. Like today would be different. I don't know what it is. There's this aura that this show has now that is just bringing out the frigging lunatics. Well, you know, a lot of people want us to start interviewing more celebrities and stuff. And on a daily basis, you should see the people we turned down, because we know they just don't know how to play the opiate Anthony game. They blow. They blow, they have an agenda, they don't want to have fun. They think it's going to suck, so they don't try. There are certain people that can walk through that door, sit down, and become part of this show. The prime example, of course, obvious, Jay Moore. He walked in here and never left. But he gets the show. Jim Brewer walks in, understands the show, very funny. We love him. Louis Black can come in and just, we can keep talking about what we're talking about. No problem. John Stewart. Right, same thing. Andrew Dice Clay. Yeah. Now, love him or hate Andrew Dice Clay, the guy does well on this show. He understands what we do. He has fun with us. There you go. And I challenge anyone to try to find another piece of radio that was funnier than when Andrew Dice Clay was on this week. That was really good. It was unbelievable stuff. See, he knows how to deal with it. So we go through a list of people that call this show and want to get on to plug their stuff or whatever it is. And we go, no, no, no, no, no. We know this one isn't going to be good because you could tell. Now, Ben Stein. We figure, what the hell? Comedy Central, we have a good relationship with them. They give us some fun guests that we've had on this program. So we'll throw them a bump. He does the show with Jimmy Kimmel. We have Kimmel on. He does well. We figured out if anything, we'll talk about when he was a speechwriter for Nixon back in the 60s, smoking dope, whatever the hell he was doing. I don't know. So we figured we'll throw him a bump. He gets on about, what, an hour ago? Yeah. And right after we were doing a commercial where I guess I said people will be on the phone when you're trying to sell your car and try to chew down the price. Chew down the price. Yeah, that's what I said. It's the car cash commercial. Try to chew down the price. That's exactly what you said. We got the tape. We have a ton of our listeners as witnesses. We get Ben Stein is on hold at this point. Hey, we're guilty for saying some really stupid stuff on this show. But God damn. You know, I'm not going to sit here and act like I'm a choir boy or anything. We're definitely guilty for saying some stuff. And we don't care about that stuff either. But we don't like being accused of something that we didn't do. Because he was convinced you said chew down. Especially during the commercial. And then when you explain yourself, then he was trying to like cover his ass and say, well, it's too criss. It sounds like it. And if it sounds like it, people are going to think it is it. I'm a douchebag. Oh. Win Ben Stein's colon. So he's on hold during the commercial. I say chew down the price. He starts up. He's got this attitude that how could you know, did I just hear someone say chew down the price? I said no, not. I said, chew, chew. And then you explain yourself and then he just rambles on it, making no sense. We got the tape. I started laughing because I thought he was making a joke that I thought it was so insane. It had to be a joke. No one could possibly be this serious about something sounding like something. All right. So real fast. Let's play like only 15 seconds of the commercial. Carcash. Yeah, we love Carcash. One eight hundred Carcash. Yeah. Where Anthony was explaining, you know, what Carcash does and used the term chew, C-H-E-W, down. Chew down. Right. Here it is. Three in the morning, you're getting calls from people. God forbid there's a misprint in the paper. All of a sudden, your corvette is being sold for 20 bucks and you're getting calls at all hours from people. It's a big pain in the ass. And then the person that comes over the house and tries to chew down the value of your car, he's looking underneath saying, well, it seems to be something with the eye of a pam-a-muffler bearing. There it is. Try to chew down the price of your car as in nibbling away at the price. Oh, so right after the commercial, we get back into the show and Ben Stein is on our high line. He was on hold, so he heard the commercial. Right. Right now we've got to say hi to Ben Stein, Anthony. Ben Stein. Hey, Ben. Hi, how are you? Did I just hear you do an ad where you said somebody was going to chew down the price of a car? No, we said chew down. You just said chew down. Oh, that's a lot different. We wouldn't say chew down on a commercial. We would say it during the show, but not during a paid advertisement, Ben. Okay. You being of Jewish background, I would take it, Ben. Yeah, of course. And if we were going to say something like that, we certainly wouldn't say it just before we talked to Ben Stein. I see. You sure fooled me. Oh my God, are we going to get off on a bad foot with Ben Stein right from the start? Well, I really think that's a jackass thing to do. But we said chew down. Well, it sounds just like chew down. Oh my God. Well, I mean, come on. That's a crappy thing to do. That's just an absolutely explicit invitation to racism. Well, it's a term that is used chew, not Jew. I wouldn't have said chew down. Chew down. You know, you'd see like a beaver would go at a tree. He would chew down the tree. Well, it sounds just like chew down. And anybody who's listening to it is going to know you're saying chew down with a tiny, tiny chain in the accolade. It sounds like chew down. Oh my God, Ben. Are you this insane? Are you actually this insanely crazy that you're arguing over chew or chew down? Hello, Ben? I think he just hung up. Ben Stein just hung up. Hung up on my Ben Stein. People are going to know that you said chew. No, they're not going to know I said chew because I didn't, you idiot. How can he try to turn that around? You said chew, but people are going to know you said chew. Ben, how are they going to know I said something I didn't say, you frigging lunatic idiot? Carol, what's going on? You know, I've got a complaint. Yeah. I'm offended. All right. Did he just say car gash? Yes, Carol. No, it was cash, but it sounded like gash. Oh. It was offensive to all women. Oh, I'm sorry. All right, Carol. All right, take care. The man lost his mind sometime back in the frigging 70s working with Nixon. Where's Ben Stein? Where's the Jew? Well, everyone knows Richard Nixon, big anti-Semite. I had to deal with Henry Kissinger and that Jew Ben Stein. Hey, Frank, what's going on? Hey, you're not going to try to chew me down. Hey, Frank. What's up, guys? Hi, Frank. Where's Liddy? I'm only going to pay him so much to break into the hotel. I don't want Liddy trying to chew me down like Ben Stein. I'm only paying him so much for speeches. He keeps trying to chew me down. Hi, Frank. The guy's a madman. Hey. You know, he's a hypocrite. If he's going to be this super sensitive, bear with me here a second. John Mitchell, another Jew. Don't you think he could misinterpret the whole point of his show as being an anti-Semitic stereotype? Explain. What's that? Go ahead, explain. He's trying to win money from a Jewish man who is traditionally, stereotypically cheap. Yeah, his whole show is based on the fact that it's his personal money and he will do anything in his power to keep from giving you one buck. Right. So you have to beat him in this game show format to win my money, which I will defend like a Jew. Unbelievable. Yeah, and he hates giving it away. When people win, he gets all upset. Boy, really busting down those stereotypes. I guess it's okay when they put the check in your pocket. The other stereotype, you know, the stereotype is that all Jewish people are well-educated. They're people, the book, the whole thing. Yeah. Why did they pick him? Are they playing on that stereotype? Why doesn't he get mad at Comedy Central? Well, you know, you've got to give the guy something. He does know a lot. Oh, he's extremely clever. Like watching the game show, he comes off as very intelligent on the show. In real life, on the phone, he comes off like a nutcase. How the hell do you get upset because something sounds like something else? That is so friggin' dangerous. We're reaching a point in this country where you can't even say stuff that sounds like something else. Oh, my God. Hey, now it sounds like something that sounded like something. Utter a word and get your head chopped off. Oh, my God. He's a hypocrite. That's all he is. He's a hypocrite. All right, guys, take it easy. Thank you, Frank. You won't have Richard Nixon to kick around anymore, you Jews. I had to deal with Kissinger for many years. Always trying to Jew me down. Hey, Rob. Checkers, come here, Checkers, boy. Checkers, he's my watchdog. He watches for Jews and spades coming up on Pennsylvania Avenue. Jesus. That's good. Rob, what's up? It's out of his mind. Rob, what's up? You're on the air. Let's go. You worked with the biggest ass he's ever had. Hey, Rob. Hey, Rob. Go fly a kite. Is there something? I mean kite. Is there something wrong with these phones today? Rob, douchebag on the phone with us. He ain't listening. Loser. Run. Rob. Hello. Ralph. Bob. He's right there. I can... Are you saying that Rob might be Jewish and doesn't want to listen to you or he might miss an opportunity to turn a buck? That's anti-Semitism. Let's see if I... Paige. Hey, Paige. Where's my daughter, Kristen? I wanted to just... Hope she doesn't marry a Jew. No, no, no. I wanted to just really agree with you. I think you're absolutely right and it's just a prime example that he should totally not do your type of a show. Yeah. I think he's an idiot. You sound well-educated, Paige. Are you one of those heimies? I don't know. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. No, no. Totally not. Unbelievable. That's it. Thank you, Paige. Okay. Unbelievable. Sam says that Stein had the right to be offended. I want to hear this one. Yes. Go ahead. Sam. Yo, yo. Yeah. Hey, guys. How you doing? Good. Okay. First of all, when I was listening, the only thing that was going through my head when Anthony said chew down is like, huh, never heard that phrase before. But then I go to my mom and I ask her, you know, is there anything wrong with the expression chew down? She goes, you mean chew down? Toss. There is no expression chew down. There absolutely is an expression chew down the price. If there is, you made it up, man. Totally didn't. Oh my God. I've used that one before. I'm not. Where do you guys get it from? I've used both terms before. I'm not going to lie. I've heard that since I was a kid. I've never heard either. Yeah, I've heard both of them. Chew down, chew down. I've used both of them. Will you at least agree that it makes complete sense to chew down a price? For sure. I mean, it clicked right as soon as you said it. I just never heard it before. And somebody who's only heard one will assume you meant the other. So I'm just saying don't be too hard on it. Well then when you explain it to somebody and they say just because it sounds like it, there's a problem? Well, it sounds like you're covering your track, man. You know what I mean? Oh please. I'm not speaking for myself. Please. Sam, Sam, clear his day on the tape and said chew. He didn't say chew. I know, but it's clear to. And explain that to Ben and Ben decided to hang up because he's a little crybaby. Obviously he's quite deaf because he couldn't hear Jimmy Kimmel saying kite and kite. So you can't really blame him for that either. He's an old sensitive old man. Win the stick up Ben Stein's ass. The new game show. Oh man, I want to play that one. It's pretty big. All right. You guys are the greatest. I hold no offense against you guys. All right. I can't accept that. I cannot agree with that at all. There is absolutely a term to chew down a price. You're chewing it down as you're talking. You're nibbling down and trying to get the price down. I've heard it since I was a kid. A longshore would chew down. I didn't use that. And I don't care what it sounds like. Ben Stein chewed down. Cool. You down isn't even offensive to me. Oh, it's not. Jesus. Steven. Steven or whoever your name is. All right. Yeah. Well, yes. You just spoke. Go ahead. Who are you? Yeah, me. Yeah, what's your name? All these various names. All I want to do is defend. Number one, I've heard chew down and I've heard chew down for 40 years of my life. Right. How stupid do you have to be to be on the phone and someone calls your name and you don't answer? And you guys think Spaz is stupid. What do you think we were talking to? Well, you said David and I said my name was Steven. No, we said Steven. Do we have to play that came back to? I apologize. Let me just get this right. You call a radio show. The point in chew down is not offensive. It's. Enough, man. I've had it. Oh, he's cursing like like like a sailor. Holy cow. Where's Archibald Cox? That dude. We almost ran out of delay. We did. How? Yeah. It amazes me that you even though it's a show people, it works just like your phone at home. See, you're on the phone. You wait until someone says hello or your name or something, and then you start talking. Pay no attention to what's coming out of your radio speaker. And then there are times, OK, they get your name wrong. But if you hear us saying hi to you through your receiver, that's the person we're talking to. We're talking to you. Yes, finally got a name right. Guy's name is Steven. We said Steven. We said Steven. He was the A-hole wall. Opie Valium's for everyone. Pass them out. He's melting. Deal them out. I'm proving I'm not on the big V. Lame excuse. And you meant you down. Let's get real. You know, if that's what you want to think, fine, go after yourself. But doesn't if I would have if I wanted to say do down, I just said it. I've said it before. Yes, see, that person is off the rocker, too, because it's not it's not about, you know, us, us saying crazy stuff because we do all the time. Yes. But don't accuse us, accuse us of something that we did not say. Ben Stein, search out true anti-Semitism. Leave the fake stuff alone. You jerk off. I'm never watching that show. Never did. Question is too hard. Yeah, whatever. I got burned again. We're trying to do someone a favor. They know who they are. I'm very pissed off. Where is he? Trust me. We don't need Ben Stein for to keep this show success. Excuse me, Mr. President. I thought you said Jew. I did. I said cheap Jew. Write that into a speech, Ben. Cheap Jew. It'll get. We'll make friends with the Arabs and get the oil. All right, Mr. President, as long as you pay me. I don't care. As long as I'm making my money. Good. Good. Hi, me, Ben. You're one of my favorite Jews. Along with Hank Kissinger. Matt, what's going on? Hey, what's up, O.N.A.? Hey. I'm Jewish, man, and ask him. I mean, most Jews are cheap, you're right. I'm not even going to get into that now. I'm just stating what I said. That's it. You didn't do anything wrong. I know. You just got to tell me. Check it off. All right, man. All right, syndication underground. Yes. There you go. There you go. Later. Oh, my head is spinning from today. I need some Manisch Evans. AJ from Long Island. Yes. Chew down is a real expression from the web. The salesman will try talking to you in terms of monthly payments, but you need to switch him back to total price of the car in order to chew him down. Of course it's common friggin' knowledge that's used all the time. Eat me. Eat me, Ben Stein. Suck it. Okay. Mark, what's going on? Hi, guys. I'm still downstairs here. You're still downstairs? Yep. Hanging out stickers right here in front of the Brooklyn Diner. Great. Take those Wow stickers and shove them up your ass. What a cranky ass mood everyone's in today. And, boy, we just needed some ass wipe to come on and give us crap today. Wow, Ben Stein just set the entertainment world on fire. He's going to be in a lot of trouble. I'm going to make him a good guy. I'm going to make him a good guy. He's going to be in a lot of trouble. He's going to be in a lot of trouble. He's going to be in a lot of trouble. He's going to be in a lot of trouble. He's going to be in a lot of trouble. All right, Mark. Well, Mark's downstairs with the Wow stickers, 57th and 7th outside the Brooklyn Diner. Get them before you go home today, okay? Thank you, Mark. Thank you. Mr. President, we're going to have to write you a speech about the bombing of Cambodia. Who cares about those little chinks then? We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. We don't care about them. Let's all get naked with Henry Kissinger and form a daisy chain. Okay, how much? Very good. Hey, Ben, you want to hear a good one? Okay, Mr. President. What's the object of a football game? Of a Jew football game? I don't know, Mr. President. What is it? To get the quarterback. Get it? Get it, Ben? Ha ha ha. Very funny, Mr. President. Yeah, funny because you're a Jew. Write me a speech. Write me a speech about Anwar Sadat. You're a Jew. Oh my God. Hey, Ben, how do you fit a hundred Jews in a Volkswagen? I don't know, Mr. President. How? You throw a penny in. See, because your teeth, all you Jews. Henry found that he knew that joke. Hey, Ben, two Jews walk into a bar. Yes, Mr. President. They own it. See, because they own everything. Oh my God. Holy Zalina. You're my favorite Jaime speechwriter, Ben. I like being surrounded by Jews. Ben Stein, Henry Kissinger. The Jewish people are probably the ones that use the term chew down because they don't want to say Jew down. Stop it. Hi, Bill, what's up? Yo. Hey, you knew your name. Great. Jesus. We're making coins. Hey, man, congratulations, number one. Thank you. Hey, don't you guys think the term Jew down came from chew down because somebody decided to get a little creative, whatever? Probably. I mean, come on, what's wrong with these people? There's no such term. Bullshit. Okay. Very good. Let's get a word expert on the phone. All right, man. Someone that knows the origins of words, Anthony. Hey, Ben, here's another one. Knock, knock. Who's there, Mr. President? Jew. Jew who? You. You're a Jew. I'm still working on that one. Maybe you can write it for me, Ben. You're my speech writer. Do you have a nice day? Ha, ha. Very funny, Mr. President. Where's my paycheck? I'll write for the biggest anti-Semite. Albeit, laugh your balls off in the kitchen. I'm over here now. I'm lying over here. I'm lying over here. Where's Liddy? He's no Jew. But I misuse his character. Hey, it was Dick Nixon saying it. All right. Yeah. Let's take a break, Anthony. Ben Stein chewed me out. Yes, he did. Oh, that's a word, isn't it? Okay, listen, let's get back into as fast as we can review. Oh, my God, I forgot. Geez. We were in the middle of that before all hell broke loose about an hour and a half ago. All right. Stick around. Trust me. You're going to be entertained when you find out where Spass thinks where the prostate is. Excuse me. Yes. What are you, an idiot? All right, listen, we got to... Let's regroup, Anthony. Regroup. Hold back. Ben Wright made a speech. I'm going to be the first to say it. Regroup. Hold back. Ben Wright made a speech of how to get our boys out of Vietnam. Get them away from those little chinks and back here with the Jews where they belong. How come there's only darkies fighting for our country, Ben, and no Jews? Oh, my God. OP and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. Hold on, man. I'm checking out Methods of Mayhem. It's terrible. I don't like the singing, but that riff is kind of cool. Mike, what's going on? What's up, man? I'm on 6th Avenue right now on West 16th Street. Just walked out of Ranch 1. I'm going to get on the counter and it looks like I'm insane. No, we don't have that. Oh, no. Now there's going to be a problem. All right. Here we go. Battle station. I'm on 6th Avenue on West 16th Street. I walked out of work. I'm like, cool. I'm going to Ranch 1 right now on my way home. Get a sticker or whatever. It looks like I'm insane. It says, no, we don't have that. Really. Battle station. Battle station. All right. It's going to be us against the world again, Anthony. Like the old days. I love it. God, it was good feeling good for a day. Wasn't it? Maybe I'll try one a few blocks down. All right. They're running into the studio. They're panicking and they want me to read the following. Wow stickers now available at participating Ranch 1 location. Participating? Just ask for your Wow sticker because they don't have them on display. You have to ask for it. Well, you figure it. I'm in Manhattan. The show's in Manhattan. You walk into a Ranch 1 in Manhattan, you figure that would happen. Mike, I want you to go to another Ranch 1 location. Okay. And you let me know if they have any Wow stickers. Okay. There's one about three blocks down. I want everyone right now to go into a Ranch 1 location. Yeah. And I'm going to find out exactly who has the Wow stickers and who doesn't. We have to make sure that they're... I'm going to call you back. All right. Thank you. Let you know. All right. Bye. We have to make sure there are indeed participating locations. Yes. That's what I want to make sure. If there's a couple that don't have them, okay, I understand because that's what participating Ranch 1 locations mean. But if there's only a couple that have them. Right. So far the one on Sixth Avenue does not have the Wow stickers. You know what might be a good thing? If maybe they could display a Wow sticker somewhere so that people that walk in don't even have to ask to find out if they have them. They could see one and go, oh, this must be a participating location. All right. Let's go to Chuck. Chuck, how are you doing? Hey, guys. Doing good. How are you doing? All right. I'm stopped at a Ranch 1 in Brooklyn on Court Street and they said, nope, they don't have them either. Oh, there's two. 0 for 2 so far. 0 for 2 on the stickers. We are working... I explained to them what they were. They kept asking what does Wow mean. Okay. This is good. All right. Thank you, Chuck. Let's go to Mike. All right. Let's go to Mike. Mike? Hey, what's happening? We've been announcing all day that the Ranch 1 stores have the Wow stickers. Mike, what can you tell us? Well, basically I walk in and I ask for a Wow sticker. The guy looks at me like I'm stupid and psych. Of course they don't have any Wow stickers. Half the people out there, a bunch of idiots, are going for that scam. Give me a break. What? So, Mike, you are trying to abuse us over the Wow promotion, I'm assuming? No, I'm just calling you out on your scam. Give me a break. Only idiots are going to go into the Ranch 1 looking for a Wow sticker. You are calling us out on what scam, Mike? I'm going to try to understand what you're trying to say. Let me try to understand. You took these Wow stickers to all the Ranch 1s? Is that how they got their hands on them? Why would we piss off our listeners by making them go into a store to get something that's not there? It's like a joke. Yeah, and that would piss off listeners. Why would we do that? I don't think so. I mean, everybody knows the game. It's only good fun. But they probably feel a little stupid after they come out of the Ranch 1. Why would we do a joke that's that stupid? Mike, we're going to talk to our listeners, okay? Okay, so you should hang up now. All right, put Spaz and Psycho Mark on the phone and say that they got them. Yeah, yeah. No, that's not what we do either on the show, you ass. Okay, Mike. Where can I get one of these so-called Wow stickers from one of these Ranch 1s? Which Ranch 1 has the Wow sticker? Hey, Mike, see you later. Okay, bye, guys. Bye. My ambassador syndicate. That's what we're trying to figure out right now, you ass. Yeah. Big Kev, what's up? Hey, what's up, guys? How are you? Wow stickers at the Ranch 1 in the Rockaway Mall yesterday. Okay. There's one. They were putting them on every tray that got handed out. Okay, very good. I must have saw three 400 go out. All right, that's very good. Okay, thank you. Take care. So that one store in Jersey has them, so I'll have to... Wait, after an hour and a half away from you. All right, that's a good sign. You know, a place is an hour and a half from the station. Have the stickers. Ranch 1's Blockaway Dome. Okay, good. Okay. Thank you, Big Kev. See you later. All right. Let's see what Tim says. Tim, what's going on? What's up, guys? How are you? No, listen. I live in Jersey, but I was working, say about a half hour ago, I was working in Manhattan, and I went for a bakery on Knight Avenue. I don't know what street it was, but there's a Ranch 1 on Knight Avenue, and they're definitely giving out Wow stickers. Okay, very good. All right. One more thing. Feeling better? Yeah. Is this thing with Spaz definitely happening on Tuesday? Yes. Are you sure? Yes. Good, because I go to college in Jersey, me and my frat brothers are going to abuse the hell out of him. All right, this is very good. Yeah, on Tuesday, we're going to have a promotion. We're going to have Spaz in his Boy Scout uniform, and we found out earlier in the show that he's $47,000 in debt. Where is that? In front of... He's going to be in front of the Brooklyn Diner, right? In front of the Brooklyn Diner, and for five bucks, you get to yell and scream and say whatever you want to Spaz. You guys rock, baby. All right, man. That's Jen. Thank you. All right. Bye. A couple more here. Bruce, what's going on? Hey, what's up, Ole? Hey. Hey, 42nd and 6th Avenue, the Ranch 1 there, they ain't got them, man. They don't have them there either, okay. No. All right. I had an awful lot of stickers on me. Okay. Dude, your phone was crapping out. I didn't mean to hang up on you. Ole. Yeah, this is me. Hey, how are you? I got Ole. Great show. Thank you. I came in with Spaz. My ears are bleeding. Okay. But I got the wow sticker. I'm down here in 55 Warner Street. All right. Okay. And it's around the corner from where I work, Ranch 1. Okay. I picked up two stickers. All right, good. And next thing you know, people were asking, where'd you get it? What'd you get? Oh, cool. Okay. You guys rock. All right, thank you. All right. We don't want any false advertising. So what I'm getting at here, Anthony, is that about 50% of the stores have the wow stickers, just from the quick little little polling we just did. Okay. And there's about six or eight more people on the phone. One guy checked on Long Island, don't have the stickers. Pearl Street doesn't have the stickers. So it's maybe even less than 50%. Yeah. My quick polling that we just did. So you might have to search around to a few Ranch 1 locations. Yeah. I think it would be smart if the marketing department at N.A.W. is listening. Might be a good idea to get them to all the Ranch 1 locations. Yes. Or just about all the Ranch 1 locations. Good idea. Do it like a blast radius from this building. The closer to the building, top priority. One guy just got one in the Westchester Mall. So that's a good sign. Ranch 1 there has them. Long Island. Long Island. We did great in Long Island. Want to thank all our listeners out there. We should get some WOW stickers out on Long Island. Yeah. I still live out there. I want to see WOW all over the damn, you know, cars on the LIE and the Northern State and the Southern State and all the fine roads and highways and stuff. Okay? Yeah. All right. So obviously we're still working out the bugs, but check around for the WOW stickers at the Ranch 1 locations. Okay? Right. All right. You can, you know, make it real easy for yourself. Okay. So we'll send out a WOW sticker. Okay? WNEW 888 7th Avenue 10th floor, New York, New York 10106. Self-addressed stamp envelope. Attention WOW somewhere on the envelope. Okay? And that address is on the WNEW website and the unofficial Opium Anthony website, which is foundrymusic.com. Okay? Yes. All right. Let's get back to Spazz as we can review, Anthony. We don't want to take a break. We can do a little more here. Yeah, let's do a little more. Yeah. Sit down, Spazzzy. Dude politics had stopped He's as dumb as a box of rocks His lips are smacking when he tries to talk This isn't the weekend review exact He's dumb. All right. Here we go. get right back into the tape Anthony. I want to thank the people that called in with the Ranch One stuff but you can hang up now. We understand that there's a slight problem there. We'll figure it out. Okay. All right. Let's get right back into Spazz as we can review what you taped yesterday. Here we go. And speaking of baseball, we reported a few weeks ago that George Steinbrenner is using cancer to sell tickets and using cancer to exploit so everybody can feel sorry for him and tune into his games and the Met games. Ru Giuliani is now reporting that he has cancer. He now is reporting that he has cancer in the prostate and I know the prostate is in the ass but I'm not sure what it's used for. I really don't know. Spazz, the prostate's not an egg. Did that even make the air? I don't even know because sometimes they dump out. No, I think it was a medical... All right. Spazz, the prostate is not in the butt. No, it's not. It's not but I thought that that's like where they, you know... They can check it in some respects from the butt because it leans right up against your colon there, you know, so if the doc has to dig in there and feel around the walls of your colon, he can feel if your prostate's swollen or there's anything growing on it or anything. But it's not in your butt. But I thought that when it grows it starts coming out. It's just stopping. Come on. What? Wait, wait, when the cancer grows what happens? I thought that as you go older, you grow older, your prostate grows. All right. Why do we have to waste valuable radio time with that Ben Stein character? We could have been doing this for the last two hours. What led you to believe that? I thought I saw this in a movie once. In a movie where something was... I thought that that was what happened. Were you watching like the Discovery Channel and then you saw a monkey or something and thought that was the butt of a human? That red, red, red, red... Your legs are having stuff hanging. Damn you. I just thought that because they checked the prostate through the butt that that's where it grows out from, when it gets big. When it gets swollen, it comes out of the butt. Do you know what the prostate is for? No. All right. What do you think it's for? I thought it was like the appendix is the second stomach. I thought it was the second bladder or something. The appendix is the second stomach? Yes, the second stomach. Oh, okay. It's a smaller version of your stomach where all the excess stuff... Is it like a mini stomach? Mini stomach. I'm not that hungry tonight so I'll just use my mini stomach. I have a stomach? No. My appendix? Way back when. Way back when. Here we go. In 1876 when the Yankees were playing the Milwaukee Brewers. Okay, way back when. Way back when humans when they graduated from monkeys, they had... Did they get a diploma when they graduated from monkeys? From Iona. From Iona? You stupid idiot. Evolutionized. I just feel good calling you a stupid idiot. They evolutionized? What? They evolutionized from homo-something to homo sapiens. You wouldn't just want to say they evolved. They evolved. They evolutionized. I like that they graduated. They graduated. Did they have a graduation speaker for this graduation? No. They had two stomachs which over time the two of them were like, oh, I just... One stomach became smaller and smaller and became your appendix. Spazz, Patrick Ewing, more evolved than Anthony? No. Okay, terrific. Why would you say that Patrick Ewing is not more evolved than Anthony? Because he has longer arms that look like dragon to floor. Alright. Okay, we apologize once again to all our listeners. See, now that's an example of racism. I'm not racist. Yes, you are. That's not a racist statement. You're ignorant. He has long arms. So? So, but they're kind of like curved at the palm. Alright, we're going to stop you because you're going to get us all killed or in a lot of trouble. I apologize for the last statement. Matt, what's going on? Matt, I'm impressed with you. In fact, you said prostate, not prostrate which is good. I'll give you credit for that. Yeah, I'm impressed. Second of all, alright, Spazz, you pay attention. Your prostate is the very top of your urethra. It's a hose that comes through the penis. It's where you urinate out of. Secondly, you're correct. As you get older, your prostate does begin to grow. As well as a young man, it can't be felt upon your digital rectal examination. You following me? You got it? Okay, second of all, it does secrete some nutrients which gives sperm mortality. That's what it's used for. Got it? Okay. It blocks any cancer. It's not what it's used for. It's a piece of skin that blocks the prostate from the colon. So it can't spread back into the colon. Got it? I think so. Alright, and Spazz, you are a genius because you have everyone's fault. Nobody can be this stupid. You are brilliant and keep it up and don't ever give in to the fact that you have everyone's fault. Because if you're this dumb, you can't be allowed to live. Alright, Matt, thank you. You are a genius and a good people at Iona. I just, you know, am bringing myself up right now. Alright, Matt. Take care. Matt, the urologist checking in. Keep him on the water. Phone's a little crappy. Chris from Brooklyn, me being a black man, I love Spazz. Whoa. He destroys all notions of white supremacy. That's kind of funny. Alright, let's get back to Spazz's week and review everyone. In the prostate, and I know the prostate is in the ass, but I'm not sure what it's used for. I really don't know. But I should know, but I don't. Anyway, he has prostate cancer and it could, you know, I've heard of weirder things, but it could be a conspiracy. I don't know. It's because he hangs out with Steinbrenner a lot. He does do lunch with him, so I don't know because Rudy's under a lot of fire with his wife thing. He doesn't even sleep in the same bed as her. So, I don't know. But I heard that the prostate cancer is usually from using your ass a lot. But anyway. Wait. I can't laugh anymore. I want to go home. Oh my God. I just want to go home. Now, Spazz, you get the cancer from using your ass too much? I thought that because things rub up in there against the prostate, that made me get a little sore. All right. Let me follow your logic here. So basically, gay guys get this type of cancer more than straight guys. Is that kind of what you're saying by your butt being used? I would say so, yes. Yeah. Okay. So because of the friction that's causing the prostate, why wouldn't women get vagina cancer every two seconds? But wouldn't they also get prostate cancer too? Okay. And at this point, why don't you have mouth cancer? But don't want me to get prostate cancer. That's a good joke. If you could find one woman that has prostate cancer, I will give you the $47,000 you need to pay off your prostate. I will pay off your debts. So I don't have prostates? Very good, Spazz. The woman doesn't have a prostate. So what takes the place of the prostate in that area? Why would a woman? The urologist just called and told you exactly what the prostate is used for. It's to nourish the sperm cells and to supply a seminal fluid for the spermatozoa. So you're saying that the urologist is using the urologist to supply the spermatozoa to swim in. So why would a woman need a gland for that? But don't women also spew? They do. When they orgasm short, there's something that's wrong. Yes, that is a discharge of mostly a mucous substance in your uterus. The doctor then players-f S because the patient soon after That's all alleged. I hope people understand that. We don't need to be sued because Spass thinks Rudy's getting it up the poop chute. Does he have the gay face that you explained a few weeks back? No, he does. Rudy Giuliani, our own mayor, has the gay face. Could you remind everyone what the gay face is once again? The gay face is when you're more square than circle and your chin is a little bit longer than it should be. Well, then he's got the total gay face, doesn't he? Yes, he does. He's got the big gay forehead and because he has the gay face, he's gotten some action in the blue and that's why he's got this cancer. Well, think about it. He doesn't go around with his wife anymore. So how else is he getting action? Maybe he's banging another broad. Who would? Who would bang him? What girl would bang him? Alright. Who would bang you? Let's move on, Anthony, to the next story in Spass as we can review it. I totally went by me. Oh my God. Well, first of all, Spass is saying leave the hookers alone. Yes, because it's just another form of business. It's regulated but just because it's not regulated by the federal government does not mean that it should be shut down. I feel it's a victimless crime. Yes, I do. Spass, have you ever been to a hooker? No, I have not. Why do you say that with a smile on your face? Because the thought of it is funny. Why? I don't know. It's just funny. Alright. Any comments on that one, Anthony? No, like I said, it totally went over my head. It should be taking care of drug cartels instead of arresting hookers. Drug cartels. Because the hookers aren't doing any damage to us. It's just another vice. It's like people drink so you arrest people because they drink. You arrest people because they smoke cigarettes. It's just another vice. Guy from Hawthorne wants to know, is Spass looking in the mirror when he describes the gay face? She could. She could. Alright, let's move on, Anthony. Spass is weak in review. Thank you. Anyway, moving on to the last two stories which happened to follow the entertainment thing. Dara Conger, the multi-millionaire bride who I think is getting way too much coverage as well as Mick Rockwell or whatever the hell his name is, her now ex, she's now Dara Conner, Dara Conger is now going to spread her legs for Playboy, bear it all and show her whatever to Playboy. So I know that people are going to be curious to pick up the issue, even me. I'm going to be curious to pick up the issue. But no one really cares about Dara Conger. She's getting way too much publicity over this little thing. It was a nice little piece of paper. The show's over. You're 15 minutes of fame or up. But people are going to pick up the picture anyway. And the issue anyway. And then they got to interview Rockwell to get his thoughts on picking up the issue and everything. Who the hell cares? Nobody cares about these people. These people had their 15 minutes of fame. The show's over. They're not going to air it again. So just do your little Playboy thing. Let's see your f***s and then just be done with it. I mean why does every big issue, every person, when they know their 15 minutes of fame up, it happens to every personality that they got to go just spread their legs to get their last ditch effort. Well spread your legs. People will pick it up to see. But nobody cares about Rockwell's comments on it. At least I don't. Now the final little blur which is going to be very quick. Oh my god. So when are you going to be spreading your legs? 15 minutes of fame. Because your fame is just about up. And when the 15 minutes of fame is up. What are you going to choose? Playgirl or Blueboy? I'm not posing naked for any magazine. Everyone hopes you die of ovarian cancer. Beth checking in, Opi. Hilarious. Beth checking in saying she's having sex in her ears for a month straight hoping she gets ear cancer so she doesn't have to hear any more of Spaz's Week in Review. We learned today that friction causes cancer everyone. Yes. That's why guys get prostate cancer. Because when they're gay guys the friction against the prostate that is reciting in the butt. Kyle what's going on? What's up you guys? Hey. Hey listen. I know everyone is dogging Spaz but I got to tell you I love this part of the show because no matter how bad my life gets it can always be friggin' worse. Man this cracks me up. Spaz I love you man. Thank you. Alright thank you buddy. Let's go to Lisa real fast. Lisa what's up? Hey everybody you guys are great. I've been listening to you for about a year. Oh thank you. This is probably the worst part of your show. I'm stuck in traffic and I can't concentrate on the road. He's such a moron. Yeah. Thank you. Sorry buddy. He says thank you to that. Alright cool. Well thank you Lisa. Have a great weekend. Alright the final story Anthony. Oh thank God. Here we go. Regis Filman. Regis Filman. Regis who? Okay what's his name? Filman. Hold on. Please hold. Fil. Hold on. Hold on. Don't say a word. Don't say it. What's his name? Regis Filman. Filman. How do you spell Filman? P-H-I-L-B-I-N. Be a silent. Anthony. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I saw his name written down to be a silent doesn't it? Saw the name. Even monkeys know how to pronounce his name. You can't turn around without hearing his name. Everyday Tony Pig has it wrong when he announces and now Regis Filman and Kathy Lee Gifford. I thought the B was silent. Regis Filman. Oops. You've never heard it pronounced before anywhere? I've heard it pronounced but I thought the B was silent. Oh my god. Oh my god. One guy wants to give you $200 toward your $47,000 debt if he can beat you up. No. No physical harm. Spaz you have aim damage. The B is silent. Rain damage. Wait there's another one here that's pretty good. Okay. I think Spaz should sell off his organs to pay his debt. He's wasting perfectly good kidneys and a liver. The transplant team check it in. Hello this is Jimmy Superplastnooka. I love Spaz brother. He makes me feel like a genius. Thank you brother. Okay brother. Okay brother out. Regis Filman because of the, just like many other names and many words in the English language, the B is silent. So the B is silent but it turns into an M. Filman you say. Filman. I'm not even saying Filin. I guess like. If the B is silent. People like throw things at you now. Like plum. The B at the end of plum is silent. But it sounds like there's an M in there. Or how about dumb? Spaz the B in dumb is silent. Say Regis Filbin. Regis Filbin. Okay. There you go. Okay. Is that your final answer? Yes. I can't believe how stupid he is. Gellman or Elman. The G is silent. Alright as we play this last story let's clear the lines and get right into what did we learn on the Opium Anthony show. We'll do one long break here instead of taking a break because this is too good. So tell them to. Wait a minute. Somebody is coming. God damn it. Even if the B was silent in Filbin where the hell did the M come from? That's what I was saying. It sounds like there's an M in there. Look I got it queued up again. It sounds like Jew. Listen ready. Regis Filbin. Regis Filbin. There's an M in there. If the B was silent there wouldn't be an M. Regis Filbin. That's how I heard it. So you thought it was spelled like a thumb. There was an M and a B there and you get rid of the B so you still have to pronounce the M. I just felt it right when I asked you. You dumb F. I can't believe it. He's an idiot, Gelman. That's how it sounded. Where's Kathy E? The L is silent. Now a lot of people are playing what did we learn on the Opium Anthony show. We're going to go right into the phones in a second here. Let's not just do all spazz because there was a lot of other great things on the show today. A lot of wacky crazy things. Let's go back to the beginning of the show. I hope somebody out there picks up on some of the interesting things that were said about Dale Earnhardt. All right. Let me get back to Regis Filbin. I want to give my best to Eric here in Deer Park. He just learned that his mom has prostate cancer. So I just want to say. That's very sad. His mom. Who gets ovarian cancer? I just want to know. Ovarians. They said spazz, I hope you get ovarian cancer. No, only women can because ovaries have the eggs. Ovaries have the eggs. So they get egg cancer? No. Bad eggs? No, they have. All right. Listen. Yeah. Okay. Good. Let's finish up with spazz's weekend review right here. Regis Filbin. Regis Filbin. This is a little short little blurb. He read it while searching for his wallet after a premiere of I Dream of Africa the other night. Then who wants to be a millionaire host finally found it on a receipt at the theater. The wallet was very fat. So why is he complaining about not getting enough money on the multi-millionaire show? Huh? Anyway. What? Wait a minute. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold on. What? My head is spinning in 12 different directions. I have no clue what that was about. So you lost his wallet at the premiere of I Dream of Africa. I Dream of Africa. Yes. Lost my wallet. And you have a problem with that? Yeah. I explained what the problem is. Okay. Thank God they returned the wallet. But it belonged to Regis Filbin. Not me. I can't believe it. Here we go. Hold on to your seats. Is it a comment? I just thought it was kind of interesting that he's in a scene of African movie or an African play or African premiere, as they say, and he loses his wallet. I just found it kind of interesting. Oh my God. It's a room full of... Hold on. Now I understand what he's saying. And oh my God. Are you kidding me? No. Because the movie title had something to do with Africa in it, you felt that his wallet disappeared because... why? He was in a room full of Africans. Why would only Africans go to see this movie? Did you ever hear a movie called Out of Africa? No. This movie is in that same vein. Do you know who's starring in the movie? No. Kim Basinger? I didn't know that. Who's she? A fine black woman? No, she's white. Oh my God. All right. This is going to get ugly and I apologize before I even hit this. I've never apologized on a radio show before. Never. Until we came back to New York. Sorry. Here we go. I just found that kind of interesting because wouldn't he be in a room full of African Americans? They'd be trying to recruit for a show because they want more African Americans on the show. I just thought it was kind of interesting that a whole lot of African Americans were in that theater with him seeing I Dream of Africa and he lost his wallet and then mysteriously found it. I think he should have checked his wallet to see if there's anything missing from it. Anyway, that's my view on that and that's the K-Dawg Week in Review. See you next week. Okay, terrific. Oh my God. I'm speechless. Absolutely speechless. Someone can put K-Dawg to sleep. Where's the blue fluid that they pump into the animals after they get hit by the car? Hook him up to the IV, the blue fluid. Animal cuddle his head and watch him pass off into another friggin' plane. Maybe he'll come back as a more intelligent animal, a gnat. I'm not racist. Oh my God. It's... Stupid child of father Nick with only mixed me nor shit. Doesn't know why we keep him with the troubles that he causes. Minds are bummed with brain damage and thought process are poor. Stupid child of father Nick with only mixed me nor shit. Dumb little idiot, dumb little idiot. Callin' Kevin K. Dogg's fans when he picks up the phone. Don't expect an answer, course his brain cells are all blown. How'd he get his job alone? And hey, well I don't know. He's the biggest turd you ever heard on New York radio. He's stupid child of father Nick with only mixed me nor shit. Doesn't know why we keep him with the troubles that he causes. Minds are bummed with brain damage and thought process are poor. Stupid child of father Nick with only mixed me nor shit. Dumb little idiot, dumb little idiot. Come on! Dumb little idiot, dumb little idiot. Come on! Dumb little idiot, dumb little idiot. Come on! Dumb little idiot, dumb little idiot. Okay brother. Wow. Well there you have it. Spaz as we can review. Thank you Spaz. Ending it on a real feel good note. Thank you Spaz. What a mess. Oh. Alan from Hoboken. We're getting right into what did we learn on the Opium Anthony show before we head out of here for the weekend. Yeah. What I learned today, if Dale Earnhardt lets the passenger play with the stick shift they get half the price. That's very good. Alright, let's go to the phones and talk to Bob. Bob, what did you learn on the show today? I learned I've been saying my name wrong the whole time. It's really oh. The bees are silent. The bees are silent. It's Bob, but we'll call you oh. Oh. Because everyone knows the bees are silent. Well actually it would be mom. Because you've got to replace the bee with an M sound. Yeah. That's why your name is mom. Yes. You got a point there. Okay. Thanks for calling mom. Later. It's more good if they call you mom instead of Bob. What a tool. Let's go to Louis. I love it. Louis, what's going on? Oh my God. It sounds like a human. It walks and talks like a human. You know what I learned today? I'll tell you what I learned today. That Spaz is a dumb asterd. That's number one. I learned today that if you go to a play about Africa, hide your freaking wallet. I also learned today that Spaz is also, oh my God, how could this human be? Oh yeah, I've learned one other thing. Look how pissed he gets. I learned that my prostate must be stuck up my ass, much like Spaz's head is stuck up his ass. All right, Louis, thank you. I've got to give a few more people a chance here. Dumb jack off. Jay, what's going on? What's going on, guys? Want to know what I learned today? I learned that Spaz must have a prostate in his throat because when he talks it sounds like he's talking out of his ass. You're a jerk off, Spaz. You're a jerk off. All right, Jay, thank you. Later, guys. Now, this is a great concept. It's going to happen Tuesday. We really do feel bad for Spaz. We found out today that he's $47,000 in debt. He's told me the whole story and it is pretty sad when you get right down to it. What, the part that he spent that much money for an I-Owner diploma? Or the part that he owes the other $20,000 for? He's in a rough situation. But besides that, what we want to do for Spaz, this coming Tuesday you've got to make plans. I'm serious. We're going to get Spaz in his Boy Scout uniform because we found out he was a troop leader, Anthony. I was in the Boy Scouts and that's why I don't care if there's a gay Scoutmaster. Right. So I'm going to get my little Boy Scout uniform. Right. And we're going to make him hold a sign that says, you could abuse me for five bucks. Say whatever you want for five bucks. I am ripping this idea off from this homeless guy in Times Square that makes me laugh. He has this huge app for abuse. What does the sign say on the guy in Times Square? Assault me for a dollar or something like that? Tell me off for a dollar. Tell me off for a dollar. So we're going to do tell me off for five dollars and we're going to have people line up. I'm not kidding. And you get about, a minute's a long time, 30 seconds. If you can't say it in 30 seconds, man, 30 seconds, five bucks, you get to say whatever the hell you want to Spaz. We want all races to show up. We just don't want any physical abuse. No, you can't touch him at all. No, don't touch him, but you can say whatever the hell you want to his face for five bucks. It'll be the best five bucks you ever spent in your life. Okay? Cool. And what we'll do is I think we should get like, we should definitely get some type of charity. Give half to Spaz, which is a charity in itself, and half to a real charity. How about the Cuban black Yankee fans of America? The Cuban black Yankee fans of America? That would be a good place to start, yes. Joe, what's going on? Yeah, I learned, hey guys, what's up? I learned that I better not do my wife in the balloon now or she may get prostate cancer. Yes, very good. At least we learned something. Maybe we're saving millions of lives on this program. All right, syndication now. All right, thank you. Let's go to TJ real fast. TJ, what did you learn on the show today? Hey guys, today we learned that the word chew can sure spark some heavy conversation. Oh, chew? Chew, yeah. Yes, chewing. Chew. Chew, right. Yup, and syndication, they can't stop it. All right, yes, syndication on the ground. I like it. Anyway, you can get the word out there for us. You guys rock. Whatever it takes. Internet. You guys rock. Thank you, TJ. Bye. Bye. Let's go to Keith. Keith, you're next on WNEW. Hey, how are you guys? Hey. Hey. I just found out I got back from the Mayo Clinic. I just learned my wife has full-blown testicular cancer. We're in the same boat, you know? You guys, you idiot. I've been wanting to dis- Oh, I can't stand you. You suck. Just get five bucks. And if you guys think five bucks is a little steep, then get a representative from your office. You collect a dollar from each and then you go down there with the five bucks and you tell Spaz off of your office. You know what really cracks me up is when Spaz was giving his commentary for his newscast, you know, he felt real strong when he was talking about the hooker thing. You notice that? Yeah, I know. He felt real confident, strong. He was strong about two issues today, hookers and gays, and gays in the Boy Scouts. I think he was probably looking for you guys to say, okay, this is where he thinks he was doing really well, you know, the rest I can work on, you know? Half the time, and I just don't even have the energy to like go further with some of these stories. We just let it play out there. I ran out of energy today. Thank you, Keith. I learned that Milwaukee had a baseball team before the city even existed. Yeah, I say, you know, I'm trying to think of something I learned today. I don't think I learned anything today. People are writing stuff down. Spaz. Yes, Spaz has been scratching his head too hard because I think it gave him brain cancer. Yeah, we learned friction causes cancer. These guys are very important people. Thank you for that, Steve. I did take your line. You're on the screen. Thank you. Thank you very much. If you're thinking about becoming a NASCAR driver, don't pick up hitchhikers. That's pretty good. Mark, what's going on? I learned that I'll never, ever tell anybody I graduated from my own college. I think he can at least get his $37,000 back because they really haven't helped with their mission statement. I think the line of the day was someone that sent it in about an hour and a half ago. They said the value of the Iona diploma is plummeting worse than Microsoft. Really, really fast. You guys are up. Thank you, Mark. Charles Darwin checking in from London, Opie. Spaz just blew away all my theories on evolution. Let's say what Kevin, I believe. Kevin, what's going on? Yo, ONA. Hey. Yo, found out that old kid brother Jimmy Superfoshnook is not the only stupidest person on the face of the planet. Yes, he's in good company. Ouch. You guys rock. Thank you, Kevin. Ouch. Ouch. All right. I guess we got to leave, Anthony. Yeah. Another week in the can, as they call it. Oh, but not too much in the can or you'll get prostate cancer. All joking aside, I want to thank our listeners for making us number one in New York, Anthony. Yeah, you guys rule, man. It is the People's Radio Show. You guys should take a lot of credit for that. Thank you. We'll do that again a lot of credit there, man. They come up, you guys come up with some great stuff for us and we know that. Thank you, thank you, thank you. All right. Hopefully we could keep the same level of quality that's brought us to the point we're at. I know, it amazes me. That's for sure. We'll probably see you down at the Otto and George Show, Rascal Sunday. If not, if you're staying home, definitely check out Backlash, WWF's pay-per-view. Backlash. Sounds like it's going to be a really good one with Stone Cold Steve Austin returning and all that fun stuff. Vince McMahon, my son Shane and my host back daughter Stephanie. That's right. I want to thank Spazz for his week in review. Bravo, Spazz, another fine one. I want to thank the rest of the crew for working hard this week. I want to thank Shane McMahon for calling in today. And we also, believe it or not, want to thank Ben Stein. He gave us an hour of great radio. Thank you. Stupid tool. Yes, Ben. Great job on the Opie and Anthony show. You came off real well. Not like a cheap Jew. It was much better than doing an actual interview. It actually got people talking. Yeah. So thank you to Ben Stein, you tool. How do you like that? Next time I see him, I'm going to shove those sneakers up his butt. That's how I feel. Hey, look, I wear sneakers. Not because I'm cool. It's because I'm a Jew and I'm cheap. Oh, my God. I got these from Ziggy, the homeless guy. When he was my speechwriter, he wore sandals. Cheap Jew sandals like Henry Kissinger. I've been wearing the same sneakers since 72. How come when someone accuses us of something, I almost got an impression. Wow, people have to drink pretty heavy in the morning. How come when someone accuses us of something on the show, we end up, yeah, we do it? Like if you accuse us of something that we never did, we'll hit it hard and heavy. But that's not the point we were trying to make. I understand. The guy was just a complete idiot. We're not choir boys. We know that. But don't hang up. Let's discuss it a little further. I came off looking like anyone, anyone. I came off looking like anyone, anyone, anyone jerk off today on the Opien Anthony show. I was babbling like an anyone babbling an idiot. Yes, babbling like an idiot. I see you, Rick. I was going somewhere else. We're going to turn off the mics before we get ourselves in trouble. Yeah. Hey guys, have a great weekend. We'll see you Monday, OK? Later. Peace.