 Opie and Anthony Show. This happened to be one of my favorite shows. What did you listen and learn? I learned that from my ride home, I'm gonna wear the pants because I think that your show's so funny, I'm gonna see myself every day that day. Another goal we have, everybody wetting their pants on their drive home. Why do you shamelessly waste my time like this? 1027 WNEW. Ouch. Ha ha ha ha. Ouch. Enough with the ouch. Love ouch. Ouch. 212-757-1027 is our phone line. It's the 08 show. Hey. Today. Today is the official kickoff to Wip-Em Out Wednesday. Yeah. We happy with our last boobs. We hope you guys got your wow signs ready for the ride home today. I already, driving in, saw a bunch of wows on the backs of trucks. Huge support from the truckers. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Yeah. And we gave out at least 1500, 1700 brand new wow stickers outside the studio yesterday, Anthony. Now a lot of those stickers are just plastered all over the neighborhood. I like it. All over the neighborhood. I don't care where they turn up. No, we don't care at all. We got like 170,000 we have to give out, so. And of course, the newest addition to the wow family, the van. The wow van. Oh my God. We went down to the garage and checked it out. We just got the wow van, the N.E.W. wow van. Ha. Boy, if you don't get wowed in this thing, who's going to be driving that around? Black Earl will be driving around the wow van today. He's going to give out another, you know, a few hundred brand new wow stickers. Eventually, they'll be all over the Tri-State area. Yes. We got a couple of huge announcements to make about that next week, I believe. So you'll be able to get your wow sticker. Yeah. I'm encouraging a lot of people that listen to us that are a little further away, especially, just send in a self-addressed stamped envelope and we will send you a wow sticker back. I'm hoping this thing can get into a regular envelope, though. What do you think? It's going to be close, huh? No, I think so. It'll make it? Yeah. Self-addressed stamped envelope. Bless you, Anthony. Thank you. Just put W.N.E.W. wow sticker and then send it in to 888 7th Avenue, New York, New York, 10106 10th floor, 10th floor, 10th floor is important as well. I think that address is on the W.N.E.W. website. It's on the foundrymusic.com website. Yes. So very exciting. Today's the day, Anthony. It's not the greatest Whippermill Wednesday weather, but we got to start somewhere. Yeah. And we start here. As the weather gets warmer, we get closer to summer. This thing is going to be absolutely huge all over the place. Mm-hmm. But very excited to bring back Whippermill Wednesday finally. Yes. He said 10th floor. He's like Rain Man over there. Jesus. 10th floor. 10th floor. And yes, a very happy birthday to Anthony. Hey, thank you, Opie. Let's get this out of the way. Elizabeth. Hey, how you doing, guys? Good. Anthony. Yes? Hello. How did you know it was my birthday? I don't know. I guess I've been paying attention for two years. I guess so. Right. Thank you. Did you have a good time last night? Oh, my God. I felt like crap this morning. I know the feeling. A lot of beers that I was drinking there last night. Mm-hmm. That's a privilege. We went down there, had a little party for some of the listeners that were smart enough to get there early. Mm-hmm. And oh, my God, celebrating our ratings. Thank you. Congratulations. You guys deserve it. You're the best. What a time we had. Thank you, Elizabeth. Hey, guys. Take care. All right. Bye-bye. There she goes. Your first happy birthday today, Anthony. Thank you. A lot of lap dances last night. Things getting out of hand. Last night was the most surreal scene I've ever been a part of in my life. Yeah. That's all I have to say. We're at Privilege with a bunch of our listeners, the whole crew from the show. And naked chicks. Naked chicks. And yesterday, an hour before we're going to head down to a strip club, the studio door opens and it's my girlfriend Sandy and Rick's wife Linda. Yep. I'm like, oh, this is going to suck. I'm not going to lie. I'm not going to lie, right? Hope's thinking, oh, now I'm not going to be able to have fun at the strip club. Right. I said he does anything at the strip clubs that would get him in trouble, but it's kind of like, you know, you feel a little inhibited. Oh, without a doubt. The girls come over to you. People are buying your lap dances. My honesty gets me in trouble all the time, but I see her walk through the door. I'm like, oh, great. That's great. Let's go to the strip club with the girlfriend. And they also brought some champagne when they first came in. And cake and everything, which was very, very nice. Let me tell you something. I think if my girlfriend had one more glass of champagne, she was going to be on that stage last night. There was a scene going on to my left that I thought I would never see in my lifetime. On the couch was Sandy, who's Rick's sister, Rick's wife Linda, on this couch with two of the hottest strippers that Privilege has to offer, giving them the sickest lap dance I've ever seen in my life. And it wasn't the only lap dance they had. They had more lap dances than you and I, Rick. The bouncer's had to come and break it up because it was getting too hot. Oh, that's the truth, actually. Yeah, one girl was going wild and the bouncer came over and said, OK, relax a little bit over here. Unbelievable. What a display. And it was good to find out that my girlfriend likes big boobs just like me. I have something in common there. We have something in common. She was so hammered, she's yelling to anyone that will listen to her that she wants the biggest breasted stripper to come over and give her a lap dance. Yeah. And she did. So that was just really weird. And then she was so liquored up. I decided to stay in the hotel last night. Ben comes up to me. I just have a place around the station that I go to that's mediocre, no big deal. It's just for crashing. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Man, she's really liquored up and having a great time. You should go all out tonight. Get a real nice hotel for her. The St. Regis. Yeah, the St. Regis. So I got a Ben which, Ben, you don't know what's going on, you idiot. Because she was beyond that point of fun. She was so hammered that I just knew she was going to crash any hour. Yeah. So why spend like $700 for a hotel room when I know she's going to crash and burn really fast? And needless to say, as soon as we got back to the station, oh, she crashed and burned. And she was out cold as soon as I put the key in the door to the hotel room. So I made the right decision that I could stay in with the mediocre hotel. Oh, so no action last night because of the drink? I thought maybe from the way things were going in the club, there'd be some action. I thought I was going to be inviting some strippers back to the hotel room with me and my girlfriend. It was getting that crazy. But no, Anthony, no. She was out cold as soon as she hit the room there. It's pretty funny because in the past, there had been a few issues about Opie and his hijinks at the strip clubs. Not that you do anything, but there's always this impression that the girls get when you go to a strip club that something's going to be going on that just doesn't go on. Wait, back up. I think it's the impression that girls in general get. Right. It's just me. Now, the rules at the strip club are no touching. So when the lap dance is going on, you sit there like you're getting the electric chair. Right. You're scrapped in. And the girl just wriggles around in front of you and it's done. Now, the girls... It's that famous game when you're a kid that you play with your sister in the back seat, the famous, I'm not touching you. I'm not touching you. Look, I'm not touching you. Now, the girls, when they're getting a lap dance, for some reason, the touching's allowed and it's fine. Yeah, what was that about? So they're grabbing boobage and ass, leg. Now, this is something that Sandy was doing that, I mean, if Opie would have done this at a strip club, it would have been all over. Oh, without a doubt. Game over, man. Without a doubt. Arms broken. But Sandy seemed to have been enjoying herself in the company of these same strippers that she had once shunned. Yeah, that's kind of true. Not only that, dude. They're making plans. Let's go shopping. Yeah, shopping. I'm going to bring home the big breasted one. That's not the type of plans I want her to make. Shopping plans, no, no, no, no, no. Bill, what's going on? Bill? What's up? Bill? Yeah? I was just wondering, isn't it weird for Rick, aren't you dating a sister that he's going out, that she's into girls in a strip club and that's her brother sitting there? Rick and I were looking at each other. It was weird on so many levels, it wasn't even funny. It was. It was. It was beyond bizarre. It was like being. That's a really weird scene going on. Let me tell you something. Basically, my girlfriend was lesbian for a day on the couch. Yeah. Basically. Because I'll tell you something. She did just as much as a lot of the girls do when they come in here to be lesbian for a day. And she had, I don't know, a hundred guys easily watching. Easily. How psyched were you, Art? I was pretty psyched for a while, but then I knew the crash and burn was coming, so. The crash and burn, yeah. Alright. Alright. You guys suck. Alright. And we're stupid about that too, you know, us guys. Why? Well, you get your woman to that level where she's really, really letting loose and having a good time, and all you need to do is start getting her water or something at that point. Keep her on that level. But no, you get stupid in your mind. You're like, no, keep feeding her the champagne. They could get better. Over the falls is what it's called. Over the falls. Right. You ever see the river like miles away from Niagara Falls? It's very nice. It's calm. Cool. Once you're in that river, you're being brought along. Yes. By the time the water really starts moving fast, it's too late. There's no pulling them out of it. Right. And before you know it, you're right over the edge. Right over the edge. Crash and burn. And the barrel is smashed and you got a headache. Against the rocks. Everyone feels like crap. Yeah. Well, a bunch of people are checking in from Privilege last night. Lou, what's up? Yo, guys, how you doing, man? Great, Lou. Great party last night. I enjoyed myself thoroughly. Yeah, that was a pisser. Oh, man. What you guys had going on up there on the stage by you? Unbelievable. Your girlfriend is wild, though. You really got to try to get her with a couple of checks. Hands down. Hands down. A lot of stuff was going on last night. I had a great time. You guys are a blast. You make my day go really well. Ah, cool, man. And I appreciate everything you guys have done. Thanks for the beer. You're welcome. Thanks for the beer. Thanks for the beer. You guys take care. You got it. You guys, whenever you guys get around to it, all right? All right, man. Take care. Thanks. Yeah, we got to thank Privilege. 23rd Street and 11th Avenue on the corner there. They really hooked us up. They hooked our listeners up. And we really, really appreciate it. Great time. And everyone behaved last night, too. That was the first time I was there. That was the first time? Yeah. I hadn't been down there. Very impressed with the place. Yeah. Really nice. I liked the whole area because for a while I left the, you know, the bar and I was like, I'm going to go to the bar and I'm going to go to the bar and I'm going to go to the And I was like, okay. Very nice. It's a nice, it's a smaller place, which I like too. Yeah. It has this lounge feel. Yeah. Doesn't it? Absolutely. Had a lot of fun down there. And I want to see some boobage. And classy, no pole to be had. Yeah. And you guys, man. Oh my God. I'm about to throw up. I'm about to throw up. You want to have some boobage? Yeah. Thank you. You're welcome. Talk to you later. Talk to you later. Yeah. So we're in the place. You're welcome. to be had. And you guys, man, oh my God, got to thank Ben. He made sure Stinky was running over to me every two seconds with a beer. You know something, Ben is just like me when it comes to our beer. When we're out, we want beer. And if there's ever a moment where we do not have a beer in our hand, we are cranky. Ben knows, he instructs the interns, just keep the beers coming, dancing. It was a good time. Let's go to Ann. She has a question for Rick. Ann, what's up? Hey guys, happy birthday Ann. I'm sure when all this lap dancing was going on last night that you were turned on and you were turned on. I want to know if Rick was turned on. Well because his wife is getting some action too. I don't think his wife is enjoying it as much as his sister. Oh, she had fun. She did? She did, yeah. Because Sandy was just forgetting about it. That's kind of a weird dynamic going on. Tell me about it. I felt like I was dead but hovering over my body and watching everything happen. That has to be a bizarre experience. You're numb but you don't feel anything but you're just looking down like huh and you can't do anything about it because you're out of your body. That's what it was like. That's a good way to look at it. I'm glad you guys had fun. Then Spaz's face when Erica was getting the lap dance. Why were all the girls getting the lap dances? That's like the cool thing to do. Who decided that though? All the girls. Well everyone else was getting one. Didn't you get one? I honestly got one lap dance all night. Oh also, I was getting the lap dance and Psycho Mark sits down right next to me. Dude, first of all let me stop you. You had so many women around you at one point I thought you were like the guy at the beach with the bread and the seagulls. You threw a little bread up in the air and they attacked the seagulls. We didn't even see you for like a half hour later. One girl asked me which one is Anthony and I started pointing to Ben. The girl goes over to Ben and Ben's like what? She goes, you're Anthony and Ben goes, no that's Anthony and points to Stinky. We have this girl going around. Then once again Psycho Mark, I got to say, was convinced one of the girls are going home with him. He does this every time at a strip club. What an idiot. So at the end of the night he's lounging on the couch with the stripper next to him and just like rapping with her and stuff. And he's totally out of money. She's not dancing for him anymore. He's just like fighting her ear out. I got no money. Where's the funny money? Alright listen, let's take a quick break. We'll get into part two of our little party discussion. What a blast. We'll get Psycho Mark in here. I think we're going to rename Stinky today as well. The renaming of Stinky? And also it's Anthony's birthday. Thank you, okay. We're not going to lie and make believe nothing is going on. There's some surprises for Anthony today. Some good surprises. Oh boy, you know how I love surprises. Some good, well that's a good surprise. There's your first surprise coming through the door. Joey from Paisano on Mulberry Street. Thank you. Oh, big case of Chimay. Very nice. That's good. I haven't seen Chimay since the episode. I lost custody of all my bottles of Chimay that you had previously given me, Joey. Remember that? All the cases you had given me. They were in the little refrigerator. I don't know where that is anymore. I don't know. I think I saw some homeless guy walking down the street of Huntington drinking a bottle of Chimay wearing an FM Talk at 1027 t-shirt from the old station name, wearing sneakers that look familiar and my pants. And that person was Ziggy. Riding my mountain bike. Very good. Well Joey, thank you man. Joey, why didn't you join us last night? You missed a scene pal. Joey was busy preparing the pasta lunch specials for today. Which is just wonderful. How are those going for you, Joey? Oh, they're going excellent. Very good. People realized we were open during the day. During the day. We didn't know that. We apologize. It took us a year to figure that out. How are we supposed to know you're open for those wonderful pasta lunch specials when we just come staggering in with the crowded people at like 10 o'clock at night? It's just true. You're not awake during those lunches. No. Alright. Well I can just imagine what Rick and Opie have in store for me today. You know how I love surprises. I'll tell you one thing. Just like my birthday celebration last year where you said, look, I had nothing to do with this. I had nothing to do with this one today. Okay, let me just tell you something. I did give Rick some advice though. Because I know you. You know me. What was the advice you gave Rick? Good advice. Was it that Anthony doesn't like to be touched? Yes. That's a good one. I'll be honest with you. I told him that we might have to tame the festivities a little bit. I don't like when if a big fat mendy comes in and rushes me to put her boobs in my face. I swear to God someone's getting hit. That's all I got to say. I will just say this Anthony. By seven o'clock I think you're going to say, you know what? I had a pretty good time today. You're not going to be uncomfortable. See, that's what it is. I don't like sitting here. You're not going to have girls running at you with handcuffs like last year. Just like you, I don't like sitting in this seat being uncomfortable. Right. Nor do you. Last year I had smelly hookers trying to touch my junk. I want to touch it. Take it out. Let me see. I want to touch it. Come on puppy. Come on puppy. Take your pants off. I want to touch it. That's exactly what was said last year on my birthday. So I know how it is. Spike trying to handcuff me last year and Mindy trying to put her big ass in my lap. That's not fun. I think by the end of the day you'll be very happy. How's that? Okay. You'll say, hey man, that was a pretty good little celebration for my little birthday. Hopefully. When What Did We Learn Today comes on the show, we will learn that Anthony had a good time. Yeah, we got some people calling in. Good. Good. Definitely some people showing up. Some people showing up. Nice surprise. No legal documents to serve me? Not today. Good. That's always fun. That's a plus. You don't want that on your birthday. No. So we do have some surprises. Joey's the first surprise with the Chameleon. Joey, a pleasant surprise. So far, we are batting a thousand. Batting a thousand, right? With your name on it. Fried ravioli? A whole tray of fried ravioli. I love the fried ravioli. As long as people don't start picking at it and double dipping in the sauce because then I'll get bit. See? I'm cranky. It's my God damn day. I don't want anyone double dipping. They take the fried ravioli, I take a bite and then dip it back in the God damn sauce. Well, this is kind of a closed little... If Joey wanted people's saliva in his sauce, he would add it there at Paisano. But he doesn't. It's a closed party, too. You ungrateful. It's a what? Pretty much a closed party. Just a few people have been invited. We don't want this place turning into a zoo. Okay. Very good. Ungrateful. No hanger-ons today. No hanger-ons today, Anthony. Well Steve's here. Steve's here. I didn't mean that as hanger-ons. See? You guys laughing made that... What I was going to say is, well Steve's here and he's usually here when things happen. Well Steve... Video tape it so that worried me right from the start. Steve from the unofficial Opient Anthony website. Thank you. No, we went over his status. He's not a hanger-on. Steve is totally not a hanger-on. This man contributes more to the show than a lot of people and I think anybody besides Opiant I. He's a connector. He's a connection. He's connected to the show. Absolutely. I mean the unofficial website's freaking believable. Yeah, I'm touched. Foundrymusic.com. You know if it wasn't for Steve, I wouldn't be chained to the computer playing Soldier of Fortune. I saw the link on the website, clicked on it and now I can't even... I thought I was done with it the other day. I'm battling it out in the back of that C-130 cargo plane. I thought I had to get through that and it was over. Oh no. I'm back up and I'm playing in the mode where it's like you don't have a rat's chance in hell of getting through it. That's the level I'm playing in. I put the most difficult. I play on total jerk-off mode. It's retarded. There's no medipack things. There's no ammo. I'm running around charging guys with machine guns with a knife. I'm coming around a corner. I got my knife and I can throw it too as I just get riddled. Well I was going to send you the cheat codes but I know you don't like that. I definitely don't like the cheat codes. I like to run these games, immortal running through walls. God mode, yeah. Running through walls, flying mode. You're like flying around impervious killing people with unlimited ammo. I got ten minutes. Let me finish this game. Exactly. I zip through the floor, take out everybody in the room. You can just zip down through the floor and throw grenades at people. Exactly. I've got the RPG. I set it to fire seven rockets at a time when it runs out. I'm like Steve. That's how I... Oh my God. I finish my games too. Screw it. Exactly. You know what though? It takes away from the pleasure of... First of all, Soldier of Fortune, the game, I love the sniper rifle. My favorite. I will use it when it's totally inappropriate. There's like 20 people in a room. I could wipe them out with one grenade. I'm like one at a time, baby. One at a time. Zoom in. Neck shots. Did you do the neck shots with a full zoom on the sniper rifle? Oh yes. You hit these guys in the neck. It pumps out. They grab their neck and go... Exactly. And slowly collapse. You might even have time to pump another round or two into them on the way down. It is the most vile game I've ever played. You found out that you can go after the guys that have the fuel packs in their back? Yeah, they got flame throwers. If you pick off the tank on the back, they explode in flames running around going... And as they're running, you can shoot them again. You blow into them. Oh, what a game. Thank you, Steve. Because like I said, I wouldn't have found that if it wasn't for your lint. And Steve brought you a birthday gift too. Are you going to thank him for it? Oh, the one we were watching inside earlier? Yes. Thank you, Steve. You're quite welcome. I've never received a German fisting video in all of my years, all my birthdays. I can look back and honestly say that gift is original. We were viewing some of it in the office before the show. Boy, were we. Oh my God, it was just like... Yah! Oh, yah! Yah! Yah! Yah! The language is more disturbing than anything. Yeah, well you're trying to decipher what they're actually saying as this vile... Like it matters. I mean, the guy's looking for his watch. I think it was a little over the top when the guy tried to clap. I mean, come on. Enough's enough. What is it called? Fistler's Bunker or something like that? Yeah, right. So there you go. You've gotten two gifts so far, Anthony. You've gotten the case of Chimay from Joey from Paisano and a fisting video from Steve from FoundingMusic.com. So, so far, batting a thousand. I am happy. You're right. We have the dancer on the line from Privilege that didn't know who you were last night. Oh no. Chippy. Ah! Is that her? Yeah. Ah! Ah! Oh, you are bad. Are you making fun of me? Yeah. Are you the Fran Drescher girl? Yeah, but don't say my real name if you remember it. I'm going to go by Chippy today. Like I remember. I know. Oh, by the way, happy birthday, Anthony. Thank you. Now I know who it was. You guys are a bunch of wise asses. So anyway, what was I going to say? Oh, and you two are funny. Well, actually more Opie. Opie looked so surprised when my girlfriend and I were dancing for his girlfriend. Instead of looking happy, he looked so shocked. We were like, like he was scared or something. No, Chippy, trust me. I was very happy, but I was very, very surprised we were able to do that. Remember what I told you? Jealousy is an evil thing, but I was just joking with you. That's all right. Well, have a happy birthday, and I was nice to meet you guys and all that good stuff. Were you turned down by my girlfriend? Yes, she was a little Chippy pie. We even exchanged numbers and addresses and were going to go out dancing, not shopping, dancing. Dancing, huh? So definitely, try to give me a call. All right, so you guys have fun. All right, Chippy, thank you. Thank you. Nice meeting you. Bye-bye. Somehow she doesn't sound as, what's the word I'm looking for? Sexy. No, no, no. Oh, intoxicated. That's last night. Let's talk to Jay. Jay, what's going on? Not much, man. Happy birthday, Anthony. Thank you. Awesome party last night. Yeah, that was fun, huh? What the heck is with Faz's dance, man? That's what he did out there in the city? Oh, Faz got up in front of the crowd and did his little dance right on the stage. Oh, God, you should have had him do a little encore before he left. Yeah. He was being scrammed out of there too quick. Well, that's okay. I had a room at the same region. I got to say, I don't know who I'm going to pee off more hair, Rick or Opie, but man, your girlfriend's pretty hot there, Ope. Yeah, I know. That was the highlight of the day, just kind of taking a peek over there and getting into the dance ball. I know. She did Lesbian for a day pretty much for me. That was awesome, guys. Just love the cards. That was great. All right, Jay, thank you. Take care. Bye. Yeah, that was the biggest part of the show up on that little stage area last night. That was everybody gawking at Sandy and one of the girls. You guys don't even know, man. When Aunt and I worked in Boston, we went to a ... Did you go at that time? You heard the story, though. Yeah, I didn't know. The whole station went to a strip club after this gig, and they talked Sandy into going, and I'm like, oh, this is such a bad idea. Oh, boy. I lasted a total of 30 seconds in the place. Thirty seconds. Thirty seconds. So, not exaggerating. Wherever I looked, there was naked women, and that was not cool in her eyes. Yeah. And we left within 30 seconds. So, last night, to go completely the other way and do pretty much Lesbian for a day on a couch is an amazing turnaround. So ... Wunderbar. All right, Aunt, we should take a break. Okay. Post photographer. Oh. Post photographer's here. You guys are going to see a great picture of Aunt and I tomorrow on the Post. All hungover. All hungover and stuffed. I told them not to come today, but I guess people don't listen. Oh, well. All right. All right, Aunt, let's take a break. What, are you doing a little dating on us there on the Post tomorrow? That's right here. Rumor has it Minnelli's going to ... What did we do wrong? Maybe have some kind words for us. That's impossible. Come on. There's no way. No way. Any time we're in the paper, it's for something bad. Even the Daily News downplayed what we did in the ratings. The last thing that was in the paper with our pictures, it's still on my dresser. Dopey Duo, they were calling us. Yeah, that was a dopey duo. That was the last headline we got in the paper. It was the Post and it was John Minnelli's column. So I don't know why we're allowing his guy to take pictures of us today. Now you will hear the argument from John, and I think it is an honest argument that he doesn't write the headline to these things. Right. But don't they have a say in what they write? Just because it's an Opie and Anthony story, do you have to fit the word dopey in there somehow? Dopey Duo? The original too. Oh, I never heard that one. I know. Oh, dopey. Oh. The best one we hear is dopey and ain't funny. See, that's a play on Anthony. It ain't funny. My favorite though, in Boston they used to call us the Toxic Twins. I didn't mind that one. That was kind of cool. We liked that one. That was like we took the title from Aerosmith. I know. That used to be Tyler and Perry's name. Yeah, and they're from Boston too. We were quite flattered with the Toxic Twins. Yeah. All right, Tom wants to get on the air real fast here. Tom, what's up? Yeah, you guys know. All right, Tom. Yeah, well, me and a bunch of my friends were out on Channel 4 with wow signs this morning. Were you guys, you were the guys outside the Today Show? Yeah. I heard there were a ton of wow signs. Yeah. By Al Roker as he's letting some retarded kid in a wheelchair do the weather. Yeah, they threw us out. Oh, why? Some guy came over and he was really pissed and he said no W-O-W signs. Did they get it on camera? Oh, we got plenty on camera. They panned at least five times. We had OK Terrific, How'd You Like to Mow My lawn, a whole bunch of signs. How'd you like to mow my lawn? Huh? Yeah, I have the heart and too. I was reading some email before the show and yeah, supposedly Al Roker is letting this kid in a wheelchair do the weather. Timber! Timber! And the weather on the East Coast? Timber! And these freaks were behind him with all the signs. Every time there was this bit of silence I screamed, Sushi! Well, thanks for helping us out, man. Whip them out Wednesday. Debuts today finally. Yeah. When are the trucks coming out with the stickers? Who wants the stickers? Black Girl, if he can figure out how to get to the van, we'll be out of... Is he out there yet? Yeah. He's out there? All right. Well, we're right by the studio, so... Do we have any stickers upstairs? That's all I'm going to ask it. We probably have maybe a few. Probably a few left. All right, we don't have many, so I mean if you're close to the studio you can come by, but I mean everyone else stay away. Stay away. We don't have any stickers until tomorrow, really. The rest are in the van and we have maybe 10 or 12 upstairs at the receptionist. All right, Tom? Okay, thanks a lot, guys. All right, man. Syndication, I'm in. I'm bringing smartasses, I love it. All right, this was just handed to me. Black Girl is heading to many locations all over Manhattan. Anthony with the brand new WOW stickers. Yeah, in the new WOW van. In the new WOW van and hopefully he'll be calling in. That might even be him calling right now. We have to take a break, but let's see if it's Earl. Earl? Hello? I know, Spaz is screening the hotline. Hello? He's typing Earl. Spaz is typing Earl. Calling in. We know you're typing. What a nod, and idiots. Earl? Dad, it's a Stinky now. Hey Stinky, what's up? What's up? How are you, bud? Let me put it back on hold and type Stinky. Stinky's in the van with Black Earl. Where are you guys? We are on 16th Street. We're right about to go down park. Are you guys going to Washington Square? Yeah. You sure? Yes. Is that where Washington Square has been? No, we're not there yet. All right, so the first, oh my God, this is going to be stupid. You're so stupid. All right, so you and Earl are heading toward Washington Square Park? Yes. All right, and you're going to give out wow stickers out there for a little while, right? I hope so. Stinky, how long do you think it will take to get there? Ask Earl. How long do you think it will take to get there? Five more minutes. Earl's saying five, ten more minutes. Do you want to be one of the first people to have this brand new wow sticker? Go to Washington Square Park, look for the wow van. Black Earl and Stinky will be on hand. By the way, we're going to rename Stinky today too. Yeah, the renaming of Stinky. Stinky, we're going to rename you today. Cool. After you get rid of all these wow stickers, come back to the station and we're going to rename you. All right, can't wait. All right, cool. There he goes. Stinky and Black Earl with wow stickers. They'll be in front of Washington Square Park within five minutes, Anthony. You won't be able to miss the brand new W&AW wow van. All right. Opie and Anthony wow van. Very impressed with that, Opie. Yeah. When we went down to the garage. They actually spelled our names right. They put our names on the side of the van. We're flattered. Thank you. Now where's our syndication, you bastards? Well, we start with names on the van and go for van. You're lucky. And believe me, we got paint removal. Just in case you smart asses think you're going to say something funny, I'll go out the van myself and paint right over. We don't care, slappy, lappy van. Whatever. You'll be out the door. Thank you, sir. All right, we'll be back. Stay there. It's Anthony's birthday, everyone. Thank you, Opie. Thank you. Some days, you know, for a laugh ride and other days we just flat out suck. We know it. Interesting. It's true. Opie, have empathy. O-G-7, W-E-Q-W. It's the Wip-A-Mouth Wednesday kickoff today, Anthony. Yeah. Not the greatest day for wowing, but a lot of people getting their wow signs for their rides, for the ride home today. We have over 170,000 brand new wow stickers that we're very proud of that are going to be all over the Tri-State area. 170,000. And if you want to be one of the first people with a wow sticker, you can go down to Washington Square Park where our buddy, Black Girl, is as we speak, Anthony. Yes. Hey, Earl, what's going on? What's going on? You made it to Washington Square, I see, huh? Yeah, we're at McEwgill in Washington Square West. We were greeted by the cops and the New York 1 van. Is that good or bad? That's really good. They asked for wow stickers. All right, very good. And then, speaking, starting to have some out already. We got a nice little crowd here already. Okay. They were waiting for us and wow supplies last. We got some wow stickers. Very, very good. How long are you going to ... You guys stay in Washington Square Park before you move on to another location? We'll do our first batch run down and then we'll head up to another locale near you. All right. All right. And well, that'll be what, about 15, 20 minutes? Yep. All right. Earl, wake up. I'm so tired. You're the only one that wasn't drinking last night of privilege. You should be more awake than we are. What? I went out after that. I went to a rave last night. You went to a rave? Yes. Oh, yeah. Taking some X? Yeah, really, some X at the rave. What are you doing, Earl? I can't imagine Earl on X. I just can't remember how I got home. I was a party animal. Unbelievable. Earl, have you ever been a party animal? No, not really. Have you ever woke up thanking God that you woke up? Yes, I have. Yeah, right. I'm serious. Yes, I have. All right, Earl. So you're at Washington Square Park with the Brandy Wow stickers. Yes, I mean, we are literally blocking traffic now. Guys are coming out of the woodwork. Taxi cabs, vans. Yeah. All right. We're a little distracted. They just want to pick up a little bit. That's okay. They are picture taking. Yes. It's picture day. It's picture day. It's picture day like in school. Yeah. Remember that? You'd get all dressed up and you'd go in to get your picture taken and they'd put the little Dickie on you. Remember the little Dickie? You got the clip on tie. Wow, yeah. And actually posing to make those pictures. Wait, give me one of those. That's a good idea. Brand new Wow stickers. No. Yeah. Yes, we're not paying attention to that. Sorry. Our photo shoot is happening. We're like super moms. And then we'll head back out. All right, cool. Bye. I'll talk to you later. You got it. I have no idea what Earl said. I'm distracted. I'm blinded by the photographer here. Yeah. All right. I guess he's going to be handing out Wow stickers for another 15, 20 minutes at Washington Square Park. Okay. Yeah. Looking forward to getting your new Wow stickers. Do you need any more? Yeah. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. Yeah, I love radio shows. They go on right. Do they? Yeah. Really? Like who? Like who? Yeah. I don't want to know. I don't want to know. I don't want to know. I hate to talk. You can name whoever you like. When I go on Howard's show, he moves around. Does he? Well, he's a poser. He's always trying to make himself look good and stuff. We're not posers. We don't care. We're just regular guys. He's laughing. Okay. You guys are good. I'll put the sunglasses on then and stand there. Yeah, we're going to get dumped out here. I know. You know how it is. Be careful. Hey, somebody else was talking though this morning. That's what I heard. Yeah, I'm just still allowed to make fun of other people. We're just not allowed to. We can't though. All right. It is. Oh, a new lens? Longer is like a reaching. A longer lens. Why don't you just get closer? Is that weird? Get that out of my face. Yeah, it's big and long and black, Opie. Just like you like it. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. I'm going to go get some. Just like you like it. You ass. Yeah, right? Sound bite. Make sure you isolate that clip. Rosette? Yes? You just wowed? I just wowed a Labella Pizzeria. Delivery man, actually. You wowed a delivery man where? Yeah. Right on 41 Madison. Oh, cool. They come from Labella Pizzeria, so I just wanted to call to tell them I received a delivery man. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Yeah, I just wanted to call to tell them I received a pizza. It was delicious and that's it. Wait. Wait. The delivery guy came to the door and you wowed him? Yeah. That's like, that's cool. That's like great, isn't that? Yes, thank you. You're very welcome. Enjoy your pizza. I already did. Thanks. Okay. Bye-bye. Bye, Rosette. Wowings. There you go. Just put WOW on your vehicle somewhere. You'll get WOWed. Yeah. And Earl's at the Washington Square Park handing out the WOW stickers. He wants me to look at the camera. There you go. Do something. Do something? What do you want us to do? Are we supposed to do something wacky? I hate those pictures. We don't like those though. It's not us. Not you? I don't know. Are we supposed to be like Scott and Todd and go in a dress or something? Do you want us to dress in drag? That would be cool. Hey! That's not cool. That's embarrassing. Does that commercial just look awful? Radio commercials, they're all over now because we're in the spring book that everyone really pays attention to. Right. The commercials are just horrendous. Scott and Todd in a dress, and I hear this commercial campaign is used all over the country. Yeah, it's not even original. There's a Scott and Todd duo in every major city in America doing the exact same commercial. Like you go to Denver, Colorado and they're slappy and whappy in the same commercial, same script, same dress. If you're going to do a commercial, if they're going to throw a TV spot, wouldn't you want to be responsible for the writing and creative input? I'd want to look cool. Yeah. You're not going to find us in dresses. They're going to dress. You know what I want for our show? I want Terry Gahr. I love those commercials. It must work because that station went through the f'ing roof. Terry Gahr. What does it say for the DJ though? The DJ that's playing those boring, stupid songs? She just does a back sell. It's called the back sell in the business. The back sell. Yeah, Celine Dion, Dionne Warwick before that and Chris Christopherson. The whole thing, the whole gist of the commercial is Terry Gahr telling everybody how they don't talk, how you will just hear the music and none of that chatter. The DJ is sitting right next to Terry Gahr, smiling, saying, thank you, Terry. Thank you for telling everybody and reiterating I'm a brainless buffoon who can just spin songs. That I'm a robot and anyone can do my job. Thank you. Terry Gahr for Light FM. Listen, we could put a monkey behind the board to play your favorite songs and it's okay. Listen to this F&C. On Light FM. I think you're making the post-photographer laugh a little bit. No, come on, don't shake. No, maybe shake. The fuzzier my pictures the better, please. Yeah, we're not supermodels. It's going to be pretty sad tomorrow. We're not supermodels to begin with and we're all hungover and stuff. I didn't even shower today. It's like the moon's got to be in the right position for me to get a good picture for God's sake. All right. Work with me. Work it, Opie, work it. Come on. Show me, show me. See, I'll do something stupid and that will be the one they use in the paper. I know, that's why we want to try not to do anything stupid. That's why I'm not making any faces. Usually I open my mouth wide and do some really stupid thing and then next thing I know it's in the paper and then all our sick listeners fax it to me with something in the vicinity of my open mouth. Thank you. Quick, make a face. Watch, watch. Go, go. I won't do it. I won't do it. I'm going to go, eww. What do you think? You got some good shots, you think? I want you guys together at one point. Can you bring you any closer than this? We don't come together. No, we hate each other. That's like the honesty. We sound like we're having fun on the air and stuff but in real life we can't stand each other. Oh my God. We know we need each other but we just don't like each other. Like Martin and Lewis, the old days and stuff, we can't stand each other. Ronan Martin. What do you want us to do? Can't they just use two separate pictures? Yeah, that's always cool. They do that, right? No? What are we going to do? Can't you just superimpose our heads on the Elion Gonzalez picture? That was cool. Is that like a photographer's effing wet dream? Like if you were in that room? Come on with those pictures. Jesus. Look around, look around. He's like, oh my God, I get Opie and Anthony. This guy got Elion Gonzalez with a gun in his head. I get Opie and Anthony. They don't even move for me. They don't do anything. They're not giving me any good shots. Why can't I be there when the little flaming kids are running down the... I can't even see you. That's the point. Come on. I don't get up but this is where I broadcast from. Yeah, you're not going to get a fake picture. This is... Ant sits there, I sit there. We need to see him. Here, get up on that maybe. No, I need to see him. Stand up. He doesn't stand up. Yeah, I don't stand. It's his birthday. It's my birthday. You're making me uncomfortable. See, he's moving forward. It doesn't look right. There we go. There's a picture for you. Yeah, put that in the photos. Of course not. They only do that if somebody like Donald Trump does it to them. Then they're like, oh look, he's flipping a bird. All right. I think they've used two separate pictures before. They take the little square ones and they put them together. It's your world. You can make it however you want. That's right. All right. I'm almost done. Okay. He's almost done. All right. We'll keep conversing. What the hell were we just talking about? Oh yeah. No, that wasn't me. No. The alien Gonzalez. This guy has a photograph of us. What was the most famous picture you ever took? I don't want to talk about it. Why? Why? Was it some kind of death picture? No. Yeah, actually it was. Was it? Like a subway victim or something? You wanted the guy that took the picture of the fireman taking the kid out of the Oklahoma bombing thing, were you? That was a good one too. That was good. How long have you guys been here in this station? We were born and raised, but we've been back two years. I know what picture it was. Harley Davidson. The jumper? No. No? You're close. It was a jumper though? Yeah, it was a fall. A fall. A fall from the top of a building within the last two years? Long time ago. Long time ago? Okay. Yeah, right. The sailor kissing the woman in Times Square after the big one. Hey, black girl, what's up? I'm Hindenburg. Hey guys, we got a minor problem. What's the problem? Remember the cop that was up with the rock? The cop that was up with the rock? Yeah, remember we had a couple of cops that came up with this when the rock came by? Oh sure, those big monster dudes, yeah. Well, they're chasing stinky around in Washington Square Park. Why? They're like, where's your permit? Where's your license? Are they rousing them? They're rousing them. That's pretty funny. That is funny. Is he running from the police? He's like a chicken with his head cut off. Stinky's running from the cops, man. That's great. He's used to that, yeah. We have him on video running from the cops. Maybe we ought to incorporate that into his new name that we want to give him. Well, I got a few ideas for the new stinky name. What? I want to call him the scabby, road rash, rash, something like that. Rash? Rash. I don't know. Well, Earl. Yo. When are you leaving Washington Square Park? We're going to leave in a few minutes. We got a nice little pile there. We're kind of wrapping things up right up to Bradway. So you're leaving there very soon? I'm going to leave in about five or ten minutes or so and then head up to another locale. All right. If you're very close to Washington Square Park, look for Earl and the wow van. He's handing out the brand new wow stickers. Okay? Well, guys, I just found Stinky. You found Stinky? Yeah. Is he in custody? Look, it's a good phone. All right. Thanks for the great phone, Earl. Oh, God. You're a nightmare. Dude, are you heading toward Brian Park next? Did I say that out loud? Oops. Yes, we are. Okay. All right. So once you leave Washington Square Park in the next five minutes and then everyone will see you at Brian Park. Okay? Photography. No one, Earl. It'll take two hours. Oh, stop it. All right. Photography. Thank you. Okay. Bye. Bye. There goes Earl. He'll be at Brian Park next with the wow stickers. Dave. Dave. Dave, was it Clapton's kid? Yeah. Okay. Boy, these people are smart on their instant feedback. You had to take a picture of Clapton's kid after he fell? Yeah. I didn't know it at the time. Oh, really? Yeah. What are you doing? I think it was from this station. Really? For taking it. Oh, that was the old days. How could anybody take a picture like that, Scott? Oh, God. Psycho Mark. Yeah, but what do you do with a picture like that? Because, I mean, you can't really put it in the regular papers. They did. Remember? They ran it. I don't remember. Remember? It was the rooftop picture. That was you? Yeah. Nice, man. Oh, so you were the guy from above, right? Right. Looking down. Okay. And they printed it in the paper and there was like a big flag for it. Oh, so you do have a pretty famous picture. That's cool. Well, it's not cool. Yeah. And you kind of suck your pictures out to have. Yeah, it's a very sad story, but wow. Anything else we'd know? No. Any of your other work? That's about the one that you guys did. Dead Children and now Opie and Anthony. Very good. Which one? The more heinous. All right. Well, thanks, man. Thank you very much. If the poster's listening, we weren't cooperative. We were trying. You know what it is? It's hard to be cooperative because as we do this, I'm going to sit where I sit, you sit where you sit. We face each other and that's the way it is. We're just not posers. We don't put dresses on. It's just us. Sorry. Scott and Todd, listen to us. Look, we're in dresses. We look like Kel. We're hungover. I'm wearing the same clothes as yesterday. Give me a great picture tomorrow on the paper. The hungover of Opie and Anthony. Great. We'll have to have a contest. What's more heinous to look at? The picture of Eric Clapton's kid on the rooftop or Opie and Anthony after a night out at Privilege. All right, folks are going nuts. Let's get back into the show. Sorry for that distraction. Yeah, we can play the wow song. And it's Anthony's birthday. We got some nice surprises on the way for him. Okay. I can't wait. We'll be back. Whip em out Wednesday officially begins today. Come on, come on, come on, ladies now. Come on, ladies. Cause that's what wow is about. What wow is about. You've got to lose that shirt. Lose that shirt. And let those fun bags bounce. Fun bags bounce. See those moms from Osaka. From Osaka. Just let those jugs come out. Let those jugs come out. Wow. Wow. Hey, I'm John Stewart and I listen to Opie and Anthony. On 1027 WNEW. These guys have problems but you know that. Opie and Anthony. Well, you guys are both stupid. You're like a black eye for all mankind. I don't think they're very nice people. The only way I could actually think they were funny was to be on heroin. Opie and Anthony. You know, I just like want to throw up. Feel the love. 1027 WNEW. The Yankees win. The Yankees win. The Yankees win. Shut up. Shut up. The Yankees win. The Yankees win. Yeah, maybe that was cool like the first time you did it. But shut up. I don't mind it. I like hearing it. Well, you like when the team wins. I'm sure being a Yankee fan, Anthony. But you don't need that jerk off every time. I like when they win the World Series. Right? Maybe when they win the World Series, great. But okay, they beat the Twins 2-Zip today. Great. I like the way you say when. I like the way you use the word when. Maybe when they win the World Series, you say that. Sure. I'll give that to you. But when they're just playing the Twins at home, they win 2-0. Do you need that Yankee man? It's not helping my hangover. Shut up. He's the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American equivalent of the American reset. I see that while they're doing the American surrender of the subject in the United States, website and instant feedback you know the time uh... out non-fondry music dot com uh... no i haven't done that yet it's our underground website there's some great stuff on there we would love to put your picture our first california listener leah yeah on the head i'm serious if you got a panel on the website uh... what part of california and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and and nice well if any uh... spent some time out there yes i was out there you would be dreaming of her would you and uh... right websites foundry music dot com f all you and the are why music dot com foundry music dot com if you're out of the show you know what that website the new battle cry syndication illegally right now and i think that would be a big hit stop us know how many people are uh... spreading the word now i heard people from phoenix yesterday checking in you enjoy the job while i think i'll tell listeners in phoenix arizona phoenix arizona anthony show and now a lot sandals california for ya email floods in from all over the country and i think it's on your reading they're going to have to congratulations they didn't get exceeded and i can talk to you all day i love that accent that is a little bit nothing like the california girl actually have really bad accents on the east coast here so which a con there and then you want to know what you're hearing hey what's the little animal that uh... collects nuts during the winter and clans trees squirrel squirrel squirrel squirrel squirrel squirrel squirrel squirrel squirrel all right what do you think that what um... what comes out of the faucet water water water uh... i like it water all right well yet please call us up from time to time i will i definitely will if you want to stick or just a simple just a little bit will send some out to you immediately okay and i wanted to add uh... actually screw that uh... i'm gonna put some holding to get your dressable mail out some stuff immediately to you sometimes i'm all right yet hold on i need to thank you by by there she goes look at our problem on california los angeles california are fully about their in california they are they are bootleg in our our uh... show like crazy on the internet they can't stop on syndication try to stop that's right syndication illegally other that you can stop the internet that it's a great idea and then get that it's uh... address intact in collect mchte she's our california listener out al Keith It's funny because the lawyers can't keep up with it either because they're shutting down websites every day and new ones are popping up, tearing the show. Syndication whenever. Believe me. Syndication illegally. I love it. Alright, it's Anthony's birthday. Oh Jesus. Another surprise. Oh Jesus. I like the present I got from Joey. Actually. Alright, what? All the food. Yeah. And did you see his new menu? That'll be debuting when? Next week. Next week at Paisano? Opie, I am proud to say that you could go to Paisano, open up the menu and look at the appetizers and you will see where it used to say fried ravioli. Now it's Anthony's fried ravioli. Oh look at that. Yes. And then at the bottom here I also see Opie's eggplant parmesan. Not bad. Look at that. You bring up something pretty funny because I was in a deli, I think it was on Park Ave in Huntington. Oh in Huntington. Not the real Park Ave. No, and I'm getting one of these egg and cheese sandwiches on a roll and stuff. You know, very popular on the island. Sure. And I look up at their menu and they have an Opie sandwich. And I didn't have the heart to dump on Opie. Like dude, you got an Opie sandwich. What's that about? And they're pretty wacky at the deli because the Opie sandwich is filled with baloney, Anthony. Hey it's full of baloney. Whack, whack. That's zinerific. I just want to let the guys know I saw your sandwich and I guess I'm flattered. I think that goes back to the BAB days to be honest with you Anthony. Opie sandwich, very good. Well a lot of people on the phones want to tell everyone where they can listen to us that would be a very stupid idea. Yeah, yeah. Let's not, let's leave this a little underground so you got to kind of search for it. Yeah Mike, don't be stupid, hang on. And all those people that are emailing me asking me to plug their websites where they're streaming the show through the internet. I know. Can't do that, sorry. No, no, no, no, no, no. People are just going to have to find it on their own because we'll get in a lot of trouble. Alright Rick, it's Anthony's birthday. Anthony's birthday. Surprise number what, three? How many surprises have we had so far? We've had Joey and the Chimay and the food. Alright, what was the other surprise? Oh the German fisting video. German fisting video. Thank you. Steve. And now for Anthony's third surprise. This is a good one. This is a really good one. I'm scared. I hate these. This is good dude. You're going to like this one. Yeah! Alright! Oh yeah! What's up? I got a hit. It's Otto and George! It's Otto and George! Happy birthday Anthony. Thanks man! God damn! Wait, you better put headphones on George there. Get into the headphones. That was a great night parking! How many guys you got in this room? Sausage party in here. I'm here with Gorilla Boy. Yeah, two six packs of nice to brow and some cold pizza he got in Bayonne. I didn't know what to get you for your birthday. I got you a bag of chips and a bag of chips. That's what you get in the house. Alright. Let's get to the next one. I don't know what to do. You're going to have to do this one. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. I don't know what to do. We got to tell everyone. Otto and George, one of our faves. Yeah, we just saw the Carolines a couple weeks ago. And this is a huge surprise. We've been trying to get them on the show for a long time now, Anthony. Love you guys. Holy smoke. It's good to be here. Thank you. Thank you in your time. Thank you for coming. Thank you. I'm so afraid to even talk. Otto and George, well, he's got a puppet with him that is very real. Maurice was late. I had to eat in that Brooklyn diner downstairs. I had the broken leg of lamb. That was a joke. Come to rest. Oh, Jesus. We should give John the Dump Guy a run for his money today and just let Otto and George just go until they run out of delay. And then John, it's a... And hit the Van Halen song. It's your responsibility. We'll watch our button go black when we realize he's used up all our dump. Yeah, Otto and George are going to be at Rascals when? It's Sunday night, 8 o'clock, with Jeff Norris, Gorilla Boy and Chips Cooney, great magician. Goddamn. Chips is probably listening right now. He's working on a Chris Rock movie. Yeah? Yeah. All right. Yeah, he's an actor as well. Okay. You gotta go down and check these guys out. Yeah, come on down. It should be good. Oh, my good friend Chips. Oh. The dummy talking back to Otto. Why do I even have to come here? Chips is a good friend. Chips is a good friend. Chips is a good friend. Chips is a good friend. Chips is a good friend. Chips is a good friend. Why do I even have to come here? Can't you just do the voice and then you stay home? Who validates here? All right. Thirty-five dollars to come to this place. Norris, you working out? A little bit. A little bit. A little bit? Say something. You're on air. I gotta protect Otto on stage. Yeah, we need protections. Yeah. Drive to my gigs in an ambulance or from the gigs in an ambulance. Yeah, we saw you down at our cow lines. Yeah. Man, I was dying. That's very funny. That's the first time you saw Otto and George. Yeah. You gotta go to Rascals. Check them out. I've been following Otto and George for many years. I hope you don't mind that I follow you, Otto. It's okay. Yeah? It's all right. What do you think of J. Moore ripping off all your lines? J's been good to me. He put me on his TV show. I mean, you know, nobody's ever done anything like that for me. I've known a lot of famous guys. No, we like J. He's a good guy. He gives you a lot of credit. A lot of credit. I don't know. He's a little... He's a little awesome. Yeah. I think he likes his nightgill. Does he, yeah? We all have across the bear. That's a big guy with the camera there. What the hell is he doing? That's Steve. Recording this for prosperity. Put the camera down. Do some sit-ups. Look at you. Look at yourself. All right. There's jelly on that camera. All right. Do a sit-up. All right. You're wasting away to a warehouse. Come on, George. Don't insult these guys. This is a very important show. Yes. These guys are big in New York. Don't you realize? If they plug one of these guys in, they're gonna be big. They're gonna be big. They're gonna be big. They're gonna be big. They're gonna be big. They're gonna be big. If they plug one of our dates that we could sell out, we could wind up getting the door. I'm saying we get the door. We get the door? All right. Which one's Anthony? All right. Easy, George. Easy. I'm giving out hummers. Anthony's the Italian-looking one to your left there. How you doing? I can't believe we're talking to a puppy, buddy. Yeah. You think he looks Italian? He looks like a greasy Puerto Rican to me. Rick would be the greasy Puerto Rican right over there. Really? Yeah. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. I'm gonna go get him. Sausage party. You two guys are getting paid. I'm paying $30 in pocket. There's a lot of guys in here. I apologize. We have some strippers coming by in a little while, I think. Really? Yeah. I'm staying. So these guys are really big in New York, George. That's good. That's good. My friend Angelo Vazio is here with me, my photographer. I'm Greek. Hello, my friend. Broccoli, garlic, clove, string beans. Cheese, carrots, spinach, pie. Take potato. It's too early. He's Greek. All right. His balls smell like feta cheese. It stinks in this room. Yeah, sorry for all the guys in here. Happy birthday. No, happy birthday. Jeff brought pizza. Yeah. Absolutely. It's from Jersey. You know how the pizza is out there? It's like Wonder Bread with D8 poured on it. Get the pizza in Midtown, you schmuck. All right. You carry it. It's pizza in Jersey. You carry it, George. Like a cat. He's arguing with the pub. You carry it. You're arguing with the pub. On a bench with eyebrows. You're all right, guys. It's going to be some show Sunday. It's going to be great. Sunday at Rascal's, 8 o'clock. It's going to be a good show if you show up. I'll show up. Why, he doesn't show up at some of the gigs there, George? Yeah, he's a real loser. I think my mom is listening, too. Hi, Mom. She usually listens to Bob Grant, but I told her to tune in. Bob Grant, you're the fool. How old is that guy? When is he going to buy her a drink? Bob Grant, get in a coffin. George, you should invite Anthony as a special guest for Sunday for his birthday as well. Oh, really? You should have him front row. Special guest. You're invited. Come down. Are you giving me lessons on how to kiss ass? I know what I'm doing. Get the bumper stickers and get in the car. All right. Get the car. I don't want bumper stickers. They should buy us pizza. All right. I'm lying in their pockets. It's an evil conglomerate in here. All right. You radio bastards ain't fooling me. Wow, he's a little angry today, I see. You seem angry, George. Whatever. It doesn't seem happy to be here. I don't know how a puppet gets so pissed off. Rough right in. Schizophrenia at its finest. I get it. 8 o'clock. 8 o'clock, a rascal's Sunday night. Thanks. You're going to have a full house. Seats are going to go quick. Call now. We're going to make sure everyone goes down there. I don't enjoy nothing like them. You know that film you guys got on your website called The Meal where the two kids are eating the ham too? Yeah. A friend of mine made that, Craig Cifola. I made a film of him called Telecrappy, so I just wanted to plug it. It's called Telecrappy, a short film. And if you want to see it, it's on ifilm.com. That's another plug. I saw that one, The Meal. And it's two guys in a backyard eating what appears to be fecal matter. Yep, a Pataki. A Pataki. Or a hot lunch. Yeah. Craig makes these films. It's great. Cleveland Steamer. Yeah. It's disgusting. They look like a young guy. Well, the actors would be... Oh, they were actors. Yeah, they were just kids. I thought maybe they did the movie themselves. Someone was responsible behind it? Yeah. It was a casting call. A casting call. You don't look real enough eating that load. Yeah. That dump. Let's try it again. Yeah. A hot lunch. Yeah. Alright, Cleveland Steamer. Alright, he's mellowing out over there. That's good. Yeah. Yeah. I'm running out of steam. You're running out of steam? You've only been here five minutes. You don't even offer a beverage in here. Alright. It's okay, George. Four dollars for the bridge, parking. Alright. This guy with the pizza. They look like pizza. Alright. I was just going to say, I've never seen him so radio friendly right up until that point. Yeah. You have to go to Rascals Sunday, 8 o'clock, Otto and George. Yeah. To hear the Pope joke. Oh, yeah. The most amazing joke I've ever heard in my life. I can't do the Pope joke here. We understand you can't do the Pope joke here. You've got to go to Rascals. That'll be something to look forward to when you go to Rascals Sunday at 8 with Otto and George. That's spaz, by the way. Oh, thanks, Spaz. That's spaz, yeah. Thanks for the water. A Snapple would have been nice. Can't that Indian guy get me a Slurpee at least? Oh, please. I don't know. He's been working here for like 30 years and you're insulting him. Who cares? Alright. George. 30 years, George. A little respect. Yes. Sorry, sir. May shirt rego an assembly? Dressed up, happy to be living here. How are you supposed to have everyone like it if you can insult everyone? George, don't you want to be liked? Come on, these are nice guys here. Be nice. Be nice to the customers. I'm scared. I don't want to make eye contact. I don't want to look at the puppet. He had a rough ride and he had an argument with the toll lady at the Lincoln. Oh, really? Yeah, he got a little pissed off at the toll lady. I like to heat up my chains, shove the quarters in my butt for a few minutes and then hand them to him. Here you go, exact change. You ever do that, heat up a quarter and hand it to the guy? Laughing at him. That must be something you pull up to a toll booth and you're getting yelled at. George drove in. George drove my trunk. Yeah. I got pulled over once and I pulled the puppet out of the back seat and I was going, grab his gun, grab his gun. My friend's going, please shut up, don't do that. Grab his gun, let him go. Let him go, it's only five beers, grab his gun. Is the Indian guy laughing? I can't tell with that guy. He's laughing a little bit. Oh my God. Rascal Sunday, God damn it, I wouldn't miss it. Come on. You're crazy. Which rascals? West Orange. West Orange, what's the phone number? We want to sell out this place Sunday. Unprepared. No, I don't. Look it up. We'll look it up, no big deal. West Orange rascals, Otto and George Sunday at 8 o'clock. One of our faves, I'm telling you. Anthony saw them for the first time, what was that, two weeks ago? My sidebar, I was dying, man. You had a table up front of women from the Midwest and George was relentless. I was screaming. Yeah, they looked so Midwestern and rosy and innocent. So happy to be there. They're probably just walking down Times Square and go, oh look, a comedy club. We'll catch one of those fun, clean little acts. Yeah. And they're just getting lambasted by George. Friggin' hysterical, man. And let's not forget the 14-year-old girl in the front row. Oh my God. That was weird. The father has, you know, he's got problems. Yeah, the father brings a 14-year-old girl to see Otto and George. Let me tell you something, she was one hot 14-year-old. Oh yeah. Half the time I'm looking at what's on stage, half the time I'm looking at her ass. Yeah, George, did you like that hot little 14-year-old? Yeah, not too bad. I like a girl who's got Snoopy on her underwear. Yeah, well, father does that though. It was kind of a weird looking situation. They had a table all by themselves. Yeah, that was a little bit weird, you know. It's like, what are you going to do, rent Caligula and show that to her next time? How open-minded do you want to be? Hey honey, look, the fisting scene. Yeah. This is great. Who was it, Joey Butterfoucault? Yeah. I thought it was abusive. It's not my fault, you know. You're doing your act, man. And he's bringing his young daughter in there. Yeah, I did this bachelor party once and the guy, right, 10 minutes before the gig goes, oh listen, there's a Monsignor here tonight, can you work clean? He's like sitting ringside. I go, why did you hire me? No, I can't work clean. I want to take a walk and, you know, tump the leaf for an hour so everybody else can see what they came to see. It's absurd. Damn clergy ruining our good time. Yeah. Taking all the joy out of this world. Georgia, wake over there. Yeah, not too bad. What did the black Lesbians say to the white Lesbians? You the man! Right, George. Look alive, Morris. All right. Happy birthday, here's some nice Debrow and cold pizza. I like being here. Maybe he's just on a budget now. Maybe George hasn't got laid in a while and that's why he's so angry. Yeah, I'm pretty horny. Shed this regal in White Castle next year. I'm telling you, I know what I'm talking about. They love that. White Castle, Shed this regal. Gorilla Boy! I could use some poo-pah. I could say pussy, why didn't you tell me that, pussy? I don't know if you can say it that way. Why not? It's not in any context. Is it open? No, you can say whore, too. You can say whore? Yeah, you have a very special way of saying whore, George. George? Oh, sorry. I was staring at the console wondering what I could get for that. It's the back of the computer I'm looking at. And Gorilla Boy, look at my forearms. Look how tough I am like Arnold. I am tough and strong like Arnold. You should have seen him climbing up the side of the building with the pizza and the beer. Plane shooting at him. You big bully. Alright. You heard about that. That's awesome. Yeah, you took a punch for him. For J. Moore. My buddy. Cool. Jeff Dorson's studio as well. Like the Secret Service of Radio. Alright, we do have the number, Anthony. Very good, Cole. Otto and George, I'm telling you, you've got to go Sunday, 8 o'clock show. One show only? Yeah, just one. That's it. Yeah, it's early, so it's a work night so people can see the show and still be in bed by 11. You don't know what we could do for you, Otto. Yeah. We could get you like 10 shows like we did J. Moore. Oh yeah? Oh yeah. You want to just start with one? We can start with one. Okay. Maybe next time you'll go for the 10? Yeah, I mean that's all I got. Sunday night, yeah, it's a great show and you're going to see Chips Cooney who was on the Drew Carey show when he did that Mr. Las Vegas special and Jeff Norris who I work with all the time. Now screw that, you're going to go to see George. Yeah, screw me and George. Right, yeah, screw Jeff. George is the show this time around. Sunday, 8 o'clock at Rascals West Orange. The number is 973-736-2726. It's going to sell out fast, I'm telling you. And we encourage everyone to go see Otto and George. Pussy! Pussy! Bitch! Bitch! Pussy! What is wrong with you? Here's Tourette's. Pussy! Pussy! Pussy! Pussy! Out of control, man. You got Tourette's, George got Tourette's. He's absolutely losing it. Don't you want to be on network TV eventually, George? Yeah, I mean, you know, I guess Conan would be, I mean you're on it like quarter to two when you do Conan, I don't know. I think cable is where it's at right now. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, well HBO should pick you up. Jesus Christ. That would be nice, right? Yeah. George, would you like to be on HBO? I don't want to be on TV, George. Why's that guy staring at me? He's happy to see you. I hate people who are happy to see me. Because if I walked in here without you they'd go, oh, you didn't bring George? They're all sick in here, they all think I'm real. Mental illness, treat it before it kills you. Oh, did I mention pussy? Hock-a-doodle-doo. This is so easy, they're like children. Yeah, it's true. We got a congressman on the line. Really? Yeah, you want to make fun of a congressman, George? I'll be respectful. Let me take this call, George. All right, put the homosexual priest on. Gary Ackerman. Hey, how you doing? We're hanging out with Otto and George in the studio today. I've been listening. Yeah. No wonder why your ratings have gone through the roof. Congratulations. Thank you, Gary. Oh, Father, happy morning to you. Dying the old boys lately, have you? No, he's a congressman. Oh, he's a congressman? Yeah. He thought I was a congregation. Oh, what district are you? The 5th Congressional District of New York. And what have you done for the poor black man in the street lately? I didn't mug him. I got to compete with a puppet. Yeah, we all do right now. There's some big Republicans out there. I got to get a puppet. Get some shivers regal for the congressmen, yeah. Right, George. I'd rather have the White Castle. That would be nice. Whores and White Castle. Atosa! Gary, do you have any opinions on the Elion Gonzalez thing? No, I'm out of opinion. Good. They're milking this poor thing for everything it's worth. It's terrible. Well, let's ask George. George, do you have any opinions on that? Yeah, take that little children kid by the ankles and smash his head on the edge of the sink. Get rid of him already. I'm sorry, George. What do you really think? What do I think? No, not you. Who cares about you? I'm just kidding. No one cares about what I think. I thought that the Elion Gonzalez thing was a good thing. I thought that the Elion Gonzalez thing was a good thing. I thought that the Elion Gonzalez thing was a good thing. I thought that the Elion Gonzalez thing was a good thing. I thought that the Elion Gonzalez thing was a good thing. I thought that the Elion Gonzalez thing was a good thing. I thought that the Elion Gonzalez thing was a good thing. I thought that the Elion Gonzalez thing was a good thing. I thought that the Elion Gonzalez thing was a good thing. I thought that the Elion Gonzalez thing was a good thing. I thought that the Elion Gonzalez thing was a good thing. What do you really think? What do I think? No, not you. Who cares about you? I'm just kidding. No one cares about what I think. I thought that Janet Rideau had to send these guys in with the machine guns and everything. Really? Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, as a Jewish guy, I got to tell you, one thing strikes fear into the hearts of every Jew. Two words. Miami relatives. That was good. Aren't you supposed to be working? Why the hell do you have to be working? You're supposed to be working. Why the hell do you have to be working? Why the hell do you have to be working? Why the hell do you have to be working? Why the hell are you calling the show off? What the hell are you doing for your district? Wow, I'm going to call all of the inentities. All right. Well, the puppet's really pissed that you're on the line, Gary. I know. I'm competing with a puppet. I'm taking away his face. Hey, listen. Anthony, happy birthday. Hey, thank you. I ran into your brother-in-law, you know. Oh, really? Which one? Yeah. I didn't get his name. He was at the one who liked the Met. His opening day at the Met. Oh, Johnny, yes. Johnny, yeah. I ran into your brother-in-law, you know. Oh, really? Which one? Yeah. I didn't get his name. He came up to me. He recognized me right away. He did? I didn't even know what the hell you looked like. I'm the guy with the train tracks down his back. Um. Uh. Uh. This is what happens when you get hit with a train. Never mind. I take it back. Hang up on the jute congressman. Don't get looked up on the train tracks. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. Hang up on the jute congressman. Don't get looked up on the train tracks. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. I'm going to get you. Get the jute congressman in the other district. Thank you for the birthday wish there, Congressman. You're very welcome. I haven't had enough today. You're very welcome. You owe me a beer. I could make a deal tonight. Six thousand times a day. Happy birthday. I thought you were sorry. You told him it's your birthday now. You're right, George. His cold pizza. Happy birthday. Cold pizza. Does he look hungry to you? He's very hungry. He's very hungry. He's very hungry. He's very hungry. He's very hungry. He's very hungry. He's very hungry. He's very hungry. George is very mad at Jeff Norris for bringing just pizza and beer. He looks so happy walking up with the pizza and the beer. Look at me. All right. Look at me holding this all by myself with my big arms. All right. He's in good shape. Yeah. Well, thank you, Gary. You're very welcome. You're speechless. Put the jute congressman in a headlock. You have very bad timing, Gary. Listen, tell Otto I'm going to cut George's strings over there. He's not a marionette. He's got me right up on this guy already. All right. No, no, come on. All right, Gary. Thanks. Okay, buddy. Take care. There he goes, Gary. Bye-bye. Confusing George with a marionette. What a dull, useless guy that was. Sean, what's going on? Not so much, guys. What's going on with you? We're hanging out with Otto and George. We're performing at Rascals in West Orange Sunday at 8 o'clock. I know. I was just talking to Spaz and the lines are going nuts there. It took me 20 minutes to get through, got my reservations. I am all set to go. See Otto and George. Nice. All right. I guess you guys can go home. You did your job. Thanks, pal. All right, Sean. All right. Happy birthday, Anthony. Thank you. I guess they can leave. They did their job. It's going to sell out now. Yeah, rocks. See, George, you don't have to hang out anymore. Who is your congressman? Where does he work? I don't even know. You don't? He's not a regular? He's in Nassau County. Hi, first time caller. I'm the Jew congressman. It's cold in here. Throw a Jew in the fire. Oh my God. Hey, it's cold in here. Throw a Jew in the fire. Oh my God. George, don't you want to be back at our show someday? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was a good idea. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. I'm going to be back. Come on. George, don't you want to be back at our show someday? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That was not cold. That's all right. What a bitter, bitter puppet. They're very bitter. George makes Archie look like Bambi. Yes, he does. Something must have happened in his childhood. I thought I made Gilligan look like Sherman Hemsley. Get the Jew congressman from the other district. We're not murderers. I'm the godfather, right? One of our favorite movies, George. We like when people quote the godfather. Oh, my gosh. That could be some of the most inappropriate stuff I've ever heard on this show. Yeah, but it came from a puppet. That's our out. It comes from the puppet, it's okay. I don't figure that out a long time ago. You have to get the venom out somehow. It's either this or like this. You have to get the aggression out. You can't just go through life saying rotten things to people even though you can thank them. Buy a puppet. Yeah, because you seem like a pretty laid back guy. Yeah, it's a strange way to make a living. I mean, I feel weird when I do it, but I get big laughs and people seem to love it. I get bored by my own material, but you just keep going. You have to do the same act. There's a couple people on the line that want to ask George a couple questions. George, you want to answer a couple questions before we leave? Sure. You're on the air. I'm taking over, Gorilla Boy. That's all right, George. Let's go to Jim. Jim, you're talking to Otto and George playing Rascals West Orange Sunday at 8 o'clock. You're on the air, Jim. Get a job. Jim? Hey, guys. How you doing? I'm fine. Okay, hey, this show is so much better when it's uncensored, I'm telling you. Oh, you hear it on the telephone. Yeah, the people on hold get to hear the uncensored version of this. Yeah. So do you have a question for George or Otto? How old a man are you, sir? Huh? How old are you, sir? 40. 40? Still going to kick out a cursing? Oh, did I curse? I'm sorry. Hello? Hey, listen, George, let me ask you a question. How do you know that you're on the air? I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. I'm on the air. That was good. You got a good one out there. Go snort the filling in it. A little hostile out there in Radioland. I think so. Where's all this hostility coming from? I don't know. They all want to talk to you though. Russ, what's going on? Hey, hey guys. Hey. Look, George, you're one of those puppets, you know, the hand goes up the butt there. Have you ever been intimately involved in one of those fisting videos? You should see the look you're getting, Russ. Come on, George. We want to know what it is like in there. Great, Russ. George! Yeah, he doesn't want to answer you. You're making the puppet very angry. Don't make the puppet angry. They'll hunt you down. That's right. They'll hunt you down. Hey, I don't know. Maurice wants to know if you're going to be playing Long Island, Manhattan, anywhere else besides Rascals in the near future. I never heard of a Maurice. Sunday at Rascals. Okay, terrific. Sunday at Rascals, 8 o'clock show, right? Yeah. Full number is 973-736-2726. All right. We have one more call here. Joanna. Joanna, what's up? Hey, what's going on? Hey. So, happy birthday, Anthony. I'd like to play Guess What's in My Pants. All right. Now we're talking. Explain this to George. What is this? I don't think he understands the rules of this. He's new to the show. I'll explain it to Otto. This girl rubs the phone on her private area and we guess what's in her pants. Really? Is that why my receiver smells like a tuna milk? George, would you like to guess what's in her pants? There's like four options. Wood floor, Hitler mustache, pool rack filled with afro. What's the other one, Anthony? Mohawk. Mohawk. Can you say those again? What's this contest called? What does she win? What's in her pants? I give up, you dirty skank. Why don't you tell us? She's got to get naked for us first. Yeah, she gets naked over the phone which is really quite the radio thing. Are you getting hot, gorilla boy? And then she rubs the phone on her most intimate of areas. Really? All right, pants are down. All right, your pants are down. All right, why don't you rub the phone now. Okay, hold on. George, listen closely. Jesus Christ. Is it cordless? Hello? Yeah. Hey, what do you think? I heard that. Was that up and down? That was up and down. I'll do it side to side. Side to side. Okay, hold on. Space floor? Excuse me? Asphalt? Space floor? All right, and one time in a circular motion. Okay, hold on. Okay. All right. Okay, now it's time to play What's in Your Pants. I'm going to guess wood floor. Wood floor for everything? I'm saying there's nothing there. It is shaved completely bald. She has the Jean Benet. I'm going to go with a groomed triangle. Oh. Otto? I'm done. Believe me, we're pretty good at this. We can tell. Yes. I'm going to have to go with Moe Howard because I just saw him in Stoge's movie. All right, and finally, George. Better than the Larry Fine. You don't want to go down and see that. Hey, I'm warning you. George, you want to guess? A triangle? I don't know. What do I win? Nothing. Free parking, how's that? Really? Yeah, we'll validate your parking. Yeah. Okay, we give up, you dirty scamp. That's how cheap it is. Happy birthday, Anthony. Wood floor. Yes. Wood floor. Wood floor. She was completely shaved. That was an easy one. See, Anthony's very good at this. All right, you're there. I can tell. I can tell she had no pubes. Well, thank you, Joanna. Well, thank you very much. Happy birthday. Ladies. Okay. George. George, did you forget we're on the radio? Did you forget we're on the radio again? Yeah. Yeah. We're back into the forty-second thing. I don't know. They said that to me. That's okay. They said don't say it that often, just once in a while. Let's ask the Jew Congressman in another picture. Well, oh my God. We want to thank Otto and George for stuff. Thank you. Yeah, guys, thank you very much. This is a huge treat. We are huge fans of yours. When the weather gets better, we'll come up in short pants and just hang out. Nobody wants to hear from you. Calm down, George. I'm going to give the plug now. Really? Okay. Why for the plug? Otto and George, rascals. Sunday night, one show, eight o'clock show. You're crazy not to go. Yeah. We'll probably go again. Yeah. We love Otto and George. West Orange. Tickets going fast. 973-736-2726. We have that number here if you need it, okay? Right. Thanks for the plug. Yeah, no problem. Thanks for coming down. Hey, that 12-pack of Meister brow is a nice touch. You won't leave Jeff alone. He won't. He's rough. He's rough. We'll see you Sunday. George, any final thoughts? Why am I looking at a puppet? Final thoughts? No, it's just great to be up here and final thoughts? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Like, I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. It's great to be up here and final thoughts? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Like, I'm stumped. I'm stumped. That's okay. What about that JFK Jr.? I don't want to talk about that. It's old stuff. You want to leave with a JFK Jr. thing? We love JFK Jr. A little commentary on JFK Jr.? Yeah, that was a shock. I thought they drowned their bitches one in a bucket. Oh, God. Hi, mom. Hi, mom. You're in good company, Otto. Our moms listen to you, so we're all from the islands. They'd like to make believe we're something other than we really are. You gorilla boy. Jeff Morris, love you. to jenna all right i don't know if you're stopping by for a reason for a day to surprise us also thanks man happy birthday how pathetic and i i i i had a mike on for george the whole time on that next it would be your own headphones george okay uh... auto and george once again rascals west are sunday night at eight it's going to sell out so i call a s a p and try to get your tickets okay right all right very cool and you can create don't ever underestimate the cycle argument uh... you sound like great ever underestimate the pilot and happened dot we have so it's going on here today lala gehtt for stopping by and We've been trying to get them on the show for a very long time and we're so happy that finally happened on Anthony's birthday. Yes. Otto and George, I'm telling you, you'll laugh your ass off. This Sunday, Rascal's West Orange. I hear tickets are going fast. It's only one show, eight o'clock show, so please call if you want to check it out. Yes. All right, Anthony. Yeah. Ranch One restaurants. Yeah, I had some of the Ranch One today, Opie. They brought by some food. I had the chicken fajita. The best grilled chicken you're ever going to have. Really good. They're the makers of the best grilled chicken sandwich on earth, Ranch One restaurants. They brought us so much freaking food today. I tried the chicken sandwich. It was awesome. The bread was really soft. It was healthy. It wasn't greasy. Yeah, it's a nice change from going out and getting a greasy burger or something. It's the best grilled chicken you're ever going to have. Nice and fast. I had that. The grilled chicken over some pasta. That was unbelievable. Then I tried the fajita as well. I had a little of everything because I wanted to be well informed for this live read here today, Anthony. I enjoyed everything they put in front of me. I want to thank the people at Ranch One for giving us lunch today. We were very, very happy, right, Ant? Yes. You want to go out, get yourself some good food that isn't greasy, fresh, tastes great. Ranch One, guaranteed to satisfy every taste spud. I don't think you could go a block without seeing a Ranch One location. Yeah, plenty of them. They're all over New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. For a menu and a complete list of all Ranch One locations or to order for fast free delivery, check out Ranch One on the web at ranchone.com. This is very cool. Stay tuned to the Opie and Anthony Show for an incredible announcement about Ranch One. Ranch One, the best grilled chicken sandwich on earth. Try it today. You'll love it. The Opie and Anthony Show. I think that might be part of the problem with society today. Oh, I believe we're the problem. Guilty, you stupid bitch. Get going, Anthony. 127 WNEW. Ah, it's the O&H show. Dang. I had to take a long break there, I apologize. We were on the radio though, like 50 minutes straight with Otto and George. Oh, that was really funny. Otto and George appearing at Rascals and West Orange. For one show only, 8 o'clock. Let me tell you something. We had a dump out of so much stuff it wasn't even funny. It wasn't even funny. A couple of the listeners coming up, it's a great idea. We're going to rerun the segment tomorrow with all the bleeps in it and you'll know exactly what he's saying. We highly recommend you go see Otto and George, Rascals, West Orange, Sunday at 8. I'm telling you, very funny guy. When you hear the Pope joke, you're not going to be able to breathe. If you're easily offended, and this is not the type of show you're going to want to go to. Well, Anthony, you having a good time or what? Oh, yeah. That was a pretty good surprise. See, I was saying I don't like the uncomfortable stuff. I like when you bring people in, they smell like whore. Like pounding on me and stuff. Oh, no. But that was good. That was very good. Okay. So far, like I said, batting a thousand. We've got a few more surprises here. Okay. Laurie, what's up? Hi, guys. How are you? Good. How are you today? Okay. I'm sorry to do this, but I have to say happy birthday, Anthony. Oh, my God. It's my birthday also. That's why I called in. Happy birthday. Thank you. And I wanted to see how your night was last night. I'm really upset. I wanted to go, but I went to the Yankee game. It was kind of like a birthday present from some of my friends. I wanted to see how it went. We had a great time down at the river. You did? Yeah. I'm so upset. I really wanted to go. I was going to tell my boyfriend, I'm like, I want to go. But, you know. It was very cool. A lot of ladies showed up to privilege last night and they weren't harassed and they had a great time too. Yeah. There's nothing wrong with that. There's nothing wrong with girls going to strip bars. It's not a big deal at all. It's really not. But, I just wanted to say happy birthday. I'm sorry. I know so many people are calling in to say happy birthday. I listen to you guys all the time. My girlfriend and I love you guys. Well, thank you. You're welcome. All right. Happy birthday. I get to say it, see? That's right, because it's her birthday too. Hey, Ant, did you play the Pick the Real Rudy game? Yeah. On the cover of the Daily News? At first, I didn't know what it was. When I first looked at it, I thought maybe it was a Rudy look-a-like. But then I'm like, wow, that really looks like him. This is the biggest story in New York that they have to dedicate to the front page of the Daily News and it says Pick the Real Rudy. You know, it's a slow news day when they got the picture of Rudy and his brand new wax figure. Right. That's going to go in the wax museum. Right. There's a dead giveaway in the picture. Besides the fact that you can tell which one's the wax job. You see, the Real Rudy doesn't have his wedding ring on. Yeah, see, that's kind of weird, isn't it? They made the wax Rudy with his wedding band on and the Real Rudy standing right next to him and you see his hand plain and clear. There ain't no wedding ring on that. No, someone made a little mistake. Don't you believe that? Donna Hanover, when asked to choose, said, it doesn't matter. They're both exactly alike. And if you work for the mayor's office, though, you make sure that doesn't happen. It would have been easy just to maybe throw a ring on Rudy or cover up the wax one. I think they would have done just don't show the hands. I wonder why he didn't clasp his hands the other way. Oh, yeah, that would have worked, too. Yeah. That would have covered up. I guess they didn't want it to look like he was trying to do something. So then all the questions come out. Why? Why isn't he wearing his wedding ring? Well, I guess that's the question that's going to be asked in the coming days. Hmm. Even though we all know the answer, but we're not. No one's allowed to talk about it. Why not? No one talks about it. You could talk about the fact that they're never seen together. As a guy looking in from the outside, it appears that they don't have a very good marriage. It appears? Coming from me. So, yeah, I played the pick the real Rudy game today. Yeah. All right, Anthony. Wow, officially kicked off today. It's a crappy day for it, but what's the problem? I was looking at the picture in the post of the Rudy's. No. Of what? Millionaire bride. Oh, Darva. From a... A tasteful, full-front nudity pose? Yeah, Darva from Who Wants to Marry a Millionaire's... You knew she was going to pose naked. At first, she was trying to say, no, I'm not going to do that, blah, blah, blah. And then she realized, whoa, wait, I'm not getting any legitimate offers here and I want to keep my fame going. Yeah, that's what it is. She wants to keep her little fame stint going. She's going to pose in playboy. How much are they giving her? Probably close to a mil. Six figures, they're saying? Six figures. Just over six figures for the spread. I like that they call it a spread. She wants to do a tasteful, full-front nudity pose. Whatever you do, it's still called your spread. Right. Tasteful. I love when they use that. You know? It'll be tasteful. Well, at least it is playboy. Playboy, but one of the last mags, I think, that still tries to be tasteful with the... With the nude pics? The other one that was running close second for many years was Penthouse, but they have just gotten to the point. They're lagging far behind in the tasteful category. Hey, Darv, can you take a leak on something? That's what we need. We need you for Penthouse. It's going to be real tasteful. You're going to be taking a whiz on top of a stack of cash. Is that good? Can you take a violin bow up your private area? Yeah, that's what's going on in the laser. We want you to bend over so we can see what you had for lunch. Let's see how far this tuning fork can disappear. Did you see the latest Penthouse? They've got a great spread. Darv, we've got an offer. We want you in a German fisting video. Is that okay? We'll pay you six figures to be in a German fisting video. It'll be tasteful, though. Tasteful. Tasteful. Fisting video. You know her people made sure the word tasteful was used. Yes. She has people. Of course she has people. Oh, man. You know who the next person is? I don't want to see her naked in Playboy. No, she's pretty scary. She's 34. She's an emergency room nurse. All the pictures of her. She's not hot. No, the picture in the post is downright scary. Yeah. That's like one of those people that... What? You know the people that... Like the girls that go to weddings and for all year long they're plain-janes, which is fine. Maybe not the most attractive girls, which is fine. You know? Then they go to the wedding and for some reason they have to put supermodel makeup on them and do the hair to the point where now they just look like ugly clowns. Some girls look very nice when you throw that makeup on and do the hair and the curls and they put it up real nice and they're wearing the dress with the long neck and the low-cut thing. Then there's the girls that aren't meant for the makeup and the big goofy bridesmaid dresses. It's funny you bring up the bridesmaid dresses because you go to those weddings and the bridesmaid dresses are a lot of times very nice and the bride has very hot friends and they look really nice in the dresses. And then there comes a... Oh, there's a few. ...humpty-dumpy in the same dress and you're like, oh, that sure is a contrast. Oh, here comes... is that the limo pulling up with the bridesmaids? It should be a clown car. It should all just hop out of the clown car. With the makeup and the stuff... because some girls... And then there's always someone when the bridesmaids are all together going, don't you all look lovely. Oh, don't you all look beautiful except the one on the end. They look beautiful because there's usually like the mother, the hottie. The one that just wears the makeup and the hair perfect. It's always the best friend. The best friend of the bride always looks so dead. Looking hot. She's got the bodys. Yeah. Really working the dress that the bride dress looks beautiful. Picked out on the dance floor dancing. Oh, yeah. Looks like a model. And then the bride is stuck. She's got to put like her future sister in the same dress. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, boy. Pile all the hair up on her head. Slap the makeup on. Don't even know how to do it because she never wears makeup. Yeah. Oh, big clown. You know who the next one's going to be. Post-nude. Who? Not so obvious. Elion's cousin. Yeah, I'm sure the offers are out there. Well, it's going to take a little while after. They got to like do it in Hustler though so she could show her taco. So we want to see the taco. They got to wait for the case to be completely settled. Yeah. But you watch because I mean, they're publicity hounds down there. Of course. They want this to continue as long as possible. They're enjoying the spotlight. Yeah. And she'll be nude. Mark my word. You think? Oh, without a doubt. I'm sure the offer's out there already. Any time the media or the public latches on to any woman, the offers go out. It doesn't matter who they are, what they look like. Who was that slut? Paula Jones, right? Didn't she do one? And then the other one, the other whole hose bag that Clinton was banging, Jennifer Flowers. Jennifer Flowers, yeah. Who wanted to see that? Clinton's got the worst batting average. Yeah, I just scoop pigs. And they're all there with their hand out looking to get his cash. And then the Playboy things come in, they'll grab that cash. Cash for gas. Suck it. You just suck it, you ugly little bitch. You ugly effing whore. Come on, come on. Suck it. And he's saying exactly what we just said for 20 minutes. Always a fat cow in bridal party. Yeah. I think that's what we just said, right? All right, Earl's back. I guess he gave out all the wow stickers. And how did Stinky fare? I heard the cops were chasing him around. Yeah, he did all right. He's back. I just love the cops, man. They went out there and just started chasing Stinky around with handcuffs and stuff. The funny thing with the cops, half of them want to arrest members of our radio show and the other half want to just make believe they want to arrest people from this show. Yeah. So it's always a pain in the ass. You never know what's what. I think a lot more than half like the show, that's for sure. Like any of the cops I've met, really are fans of the show. Cool. All right, let's take a break. We're still trying to catch up after that wonderful Otto and George appearance on the show. That's great. Patty's here for Anthony. Why? Oh, stop. That's Opie's chick. No, when Stalker Patty does not come down to the studio anymore. I don't care if it's Anthony's birthday. Call her from upstairs. Let her wish Anthony happy birthday from upstairs. She ain't coming down here. Through the glass. All right, we got a few more surprises for Anthony. I don't want to see that. Someone calling on the hotline, Anthony. That could be for you. Oh, we'll take a quick break and we'll be back. The Opie and Anthony Show. Let me let you ladies in on something. Oral never gets old. Home of the Hummer. 1027 WNEW. It's the ONA Show. 212757 1027. We're celebrating Anthony's birthday today. Oh, no. Come on. I told you. We picked out this music especially for our next celebrity calling you today, Anthony. Oh, no. Really? Somehow I don't think it's the band. Nah, nah. Nah, nah. I'm over here now. Ladies and gentlemen, Andrew Dice Clay. Hey, Dice. I'm over here now. How you doing, Dice? Good, good. Can you hear me good? I hear you good. Can you hear me good? Yeah. Because I'm in my truck. Well, you got a truck now. Yeah, I was trying to get home to make this very important call to the birthday boy, but I got stuck behind some friggin' farmer and everything fell out of his truck and I want you to stab him to death. And nobody pays attention to the horns anymore. No, no, absolutely. You know how the horns, you know, everything is polite today. Sure, you don't want to rile anybody. Exactly. That's what they've done with horns. I'm in a truck, 50 feet long, with the horns down that little nice little beep beep, you know, you don't want to offend anybody. That's what's happened to the whole world. What are you doing, birthday boy? What are you driving a truck for? Because that's what I like. It hurts more when you hit somebody. What happened to the days where they drive you around? What happened? Yeah. What happened now? No, I was thinking what happened to the days where, you know, Dyson would pick up the phone, the limo with the horns would be there, pick you up, take you where you've got to go. Yeah, well, you know, I don't need that to drive to the dry cleaners. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Well, your life's changed a little bit. How are things, Dyson? No, no, my life hasn't changed. I always went to the dry cleaners, but I don't trust them. Why don't you trust them? I don't trust them because they don't know how to modernize anymore. Modernize? Yeah, you know, when they make the clothes nice and stiff. You know, so the Harry Bonanno looks good in it. You know what I'm saying? I think so. We're jeans guys. Yeah, I had to come up with words. I had to come up with words that I could use on the radio. Right. Like, you know, male, you know, reproductive system. So what? Well, we call it junk. You call it junk? I call it garbage. Well, that's what comes out, actually. But I never heard anybody ask for a back up, you know what I mean? So you got a lot of people calling in. Yeah, we're just... Who called in? Tell me. Who's called in so far? Club Soda Kenny. You know, I'm not the type, I don't like to get aggravated. Right. You know what I mean? Why do you hang out with that Club Soda Kenny? Why Club Soda Kenny? Club Soda Kenny called me the other day and he says, you know, it's an idiot's birthday, whatever his name is. You know, Anthony. Sure. You know. Well, Dyson. Who's the one that does me? Anthony, the birthday boy. You know, I get it all mixed up. I don't know if it's Opie, which I really still think you should change your name. Opie's the fumb. You know what I mean? It's just not going to look good when you're like 50, 60, and Opie goes, hey Opie, you know, it's on work. It can work for that little nitwit on the Andy Griffith show. No, it's not going to work for me. I'm trying to think of a new name. You got one for me? You know, 8. As opposed to 50 or 60 and being called Dyson. That's an 8 sound. So... Well, Anthony's been very respectful since you came and saw us live a little while ago and he doesn't do you as much on the show. I try not to, Dyson. You can't help it. It's too good. Since you said you were going to sue me if I kept saying it. No, would you relax? You took your baby. Believe me. Well, number one, I know you don't make this call. Soda Kenny listens every day and he gives me a full report. So he calls me up and he tells me, you got this, like you're putting just complete unknowns on. I go, wait a minute. I'm putting unknowns on. What's that about? What's going on here now? Not unknowns. Why? Come on now. I've had that. A little respect. I'm over here now. Don't make me be over there because I'm over here. Hey, Dyson, we had, you know, Jay Moore? Who? Jay Moore. This is my point. No, I don't know. I'm saying we had him on and he was saying that he saw you down at a Governor's and in the middle of the act he went, hey, people, I'm dying over here. I got to leave the stage. I don't feel too good. No, no, that wasn't Governor's. Where was it? That was, I got so intense on stage that I had to have orange juice so I left. Because he said, I think I'm having a heart attack, Kobe. No, I never said that. That was some fat karmic that spread that rumor. Oh, so everything was fine because I was worried about you? Yeah, believe me, everything was fine. Okay. Well, I'm fine. How's the family life going? Why is it everybody wants to make like I'm not fine? I didn't say that. How's my family life? How's your family life? I heard, in turmoil. I heard something. In turmoil, okay? You're in a little turmoil. Yeah, a little little game pending. Remember that. They're all a bunch of filthy animals. That's all. What happened exactly? I mean, I met the Mrs. when I was up there. Yeah, it was right after your appearance. She saw, she shouldn't have let her rub my neck. She saw what else she could have gotten and that was it. You see what happened? You teased her about what you were packing in your pants there, guys. Exactly. You know, I gotta be honest. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. Exactly. You know, I gotta be honest. It's a zebra. It's a zebra. I was shooting a little banana juice there. You know what I'm saying? It's not like giving a chick a nice, you know, dose of banana juice. Nothing wrong with that. I mean, you gotta give the personnel. Personnel. I mean, you gotta give the personnel a lot. Ants almost got right down. You know, I'm into art. You know that. Yeah. Sure. You know, so the other day I shot this banana juice all over this chick. I was like, I'm gonna go get it. I'm gonna go get it. I'm gonna go get it. I'm gonna go get it. I'm gonna go get it, you know, all over this chick. I took a picture of it. It's beautiful. Tell me if I'm going over the line. No, no, we're on delay. That's okay. You say whatever you want. If you're on delay, can we use this? Sure. You know what I mean? I'm trying to like sound like I'm educated. Well, you're doing a great job. I twice said things like, here we banana, banana juice, because anybody could drink banana juice. Right. Sure. it's safe on the air. You guys, the girls, you got half the guys in LA drinking it too. Bunch of freaks out here. All right, guys. But this is a good way. Don't worry, you're going to be okay with this whole thing. Oh, yeah. Because they all leave you after a while. That's what happened. Are you still with the same woman that you were with when you were last here? Yeah, and it is not my fault. Believe me, I try to get out every which way I can. I'm stuck sitting there. This is my life, okay? Okay. I'm sitting there. She's got on the Discovery Channel. You know how you're looking at them with that look in your eyes, like just empty the mule juice type of thing. You know what I mean? Yeah. And she's going, oh, look what's going on. It's the life of a zebra. And I'm looking at her going, you know what? You know what? The pity is here, you animal. That zebra lives a better life than me. That's the... Did we lose him? Hey, Dice. Dice. Wow, if we lost him, that's a great way to go. You should count the fucking sun. Not there now. Hey, Dice, your phone's going bad on us. What happened? Your phone's going bad. You know... I got to do the rest of it. Listen to me. I'm going to be home in five minutes. I'll call you right back. All right, cool. Okay. I'll call you back. All right, Dice. There he goes, Andrew Dice Clay. The Diceman checking in on me. Oh, it's the life of the zebra. All right, how about we do this? We have to take a quick break. As soon as he calls back, we'll cut it to commercials, and we'll continue with Dice, okay? For Anthony's little birthday. Thank you. All right. How you doing? This is Andrew Dice Clay. I got a lot of personnel. I mean, I got a lot of personnel. Try that one, Anthony. You're listening to Anthony and OP on WNEW 102.7 Pharma. The OP and Anthony show. The soundtrack of this episode. It's the OP and Anthony show. Look at what Lisa got me, an Etch A Sketch. Yeah, a little Etch A Sketch. And the little kid on the label has a wow on his Etch A Sketch. He drew a wow. How nice. It's got a little maze on it. Try to draw some cans with your Etch A Sketch. I'm going to kill a little card. Look at me on my birthday. When's yours, though? When the hell is it? Just remember how nice I've been to you today. I made sure they didn't put you in any embarrassing situations, so I hope you do the same for me and Amant, Anthony. Yeah, I wouldn't put you through it. So far you've had a good time. We've had Otto and George. You guys hear Otto and George earlier? Oh, man. And then Andrew Dice Clay called, and then, like, I don't know, his cell phone crapped out and he said he'll call when he gets home. We'll see if he calls back. Anthony opening up gifts. A pill container. You got a pill container, Anthony. Oh, my God. It could be for Obi. Shut up. Yeah, that's pretty funny. Hey, look at that. Very good. Are these good ones? I'm going to see you later. All right. Thank you. Look at that. Lisa, the salesgirl, the stack of two rep. Oh, my God. I'm driving my truck over here. Yeah. Yeah, we're waiting for Dice to call back. When I get to my house. Yeah, he was talking about zebras. Take off. When the phone hung up. Hey, take off. What? What? Shut up. I'll spill you with banana juice. Okay? Oh! You're all brave now. You were pretty timid when he was on the phone. I was letting him talk. Yeah. You know. If he calls back, you got to get a little braver. I think he's going back right now. What does he have, a satellite? Now, let's see how brave you are, Anthony. What? I don't understand. It's a guess. All right. Well, Dice. Yeah. I got to tell you. There he is. You know, your phone crapped out and then Anthony got. I had to get home over here. Hey, don't put a place on me. Anthony got all. I'm happy I'm calling in. Anthony got all brave and started doing you when F2 hung up. Oh, did he? Why? I was just talking about how, you know. I'm not getting beat. Isn't that great? You're getting beat. Yeah, but I'm not going to take the beat. Don't worry about it. I'll just keep getting annoyed. Hey, Dice, you better take it, okay? I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I'm going to take it. I said let me make a prediction. I bet it ain't Madison Square Garden. Let me make a prediction. Oh no, here we go. You don't have any money when your wife's done with you. Well shut your mouth. I told you, don't play with me. Hey, I don't have any right now. Number one, you know, I don't have the... What did I tell you last time about getting me mad? I try to be nice. I try to be nice. I try to be nice. I try to be nice. I try to be nice. I try to be nice. I try to be nice. I try to be nice. I try to be nice. I try to be nice. I try to be nice. I try to be nice. I try to stay calm. You know, I have to say you do the best impression of me from anybody I ever heard, but I told you, don't toy with me. I'm very delicate. He knows. He's a loaded pistol. Maybe you guys will come out to Vegas when I'm at the Venetian soon. The Venetian? You heard about that deal, right? No. It's only the biggest deal they ever gave a comic in the history of Las Vegas, but you don't know about it because you're stuck in your little cubicle in New York, stupid. But you'll come out there. We'll have a couple of laughs. We'll get some hoes in the back room. We'll get them all licked up and sloppy, and then we take out the hairy banana and go, I'm over here now. Here goes a pint of my banana juice, and you go, look what I just did again. That's what I do. Vegas, huh? Yeah, it's the best. I guess. You ever been out there? No. No. Did I give you guys vacations yet? Yeah. Yeah, come on, fork over some. You know what I mean? I'm hurting real bad. I'm hurting real bad. I'm hurting real bad. I'm hurting real bad. I'm hurting real bad. I'm hurting real bad. I'm hurting real bad. Yeah, come on, fork over some. You know what I mean? I'm hurting real bad over here. I'm getting taken to the cleaners. Come on, I'm telling you, we'll have a good time. We'll have a few laughs. We're getting taken to the cleaners. You've got to see the filthy animals they put in the front row. They get in trouble from my wife all the time, because every time I pick off one of these chicks, there's always an argument with her. She doesn't understand that I can't just be with you. I'm diced. You know what I mean? I have no excuse. You go, I'm going to the cleaners. I'm going to the cleaners. I'm going to the cleaners. I'm going to the cleaners. I'm going to the cleaners. I got no choice. That isn't your first marriage, is it, Dice? That was some other one a long time ago. Did you get taken to the cleaners real bad? Not at all. I'm smart like that. How long ago did this happen? That's what I want to know. Right after you left the studio. Because you seemed completely in love with you. I don't know what happened. You've got to get yourself somebody aggro. You've always got to be ready. I don't think that's the right word. You've always got to be ready. Dice up. Tommy's got to be standing there all the time, ready. Look at this. Dice up. You've got to walk into a room. You've got to be like a Like a pointing stick. Look at this over here now. Dice, I could talk for Ant. That was not the problem. What happened? I could talk for Anthony. That was not the problem. Now, there seems to be an issue. What was the problem? Well, it was pending litigation, guys. Pending litigation. I can't really discuss it over these airwaves. Who's this? I'll be now. Now, that's Anthony. That's my regular boy. Now that you're seeing you, I know. I was on the show last time you were making me come up here. Well, I'm going to be making you do a live show. I'm going to be making you do a live show. I'm going to be making you do a live show. You're going to be making me do a live show. I'm going to go live show. I didn't even get to hear your voice. How I don't even know your voice. I'm going, who's this guy? Okay. I thought like this. Who you going out with? Sandy. Did you meet Sandy? I think she was here. The hot little hispanica woman there. Nice. She was getting lap dances that night. I know what to do with those girls. I'll tell you that right now. She was getting lap dances. Latin community. Look what we just went through with that Ricky Ricardo kid. What were you? What were you? I'm going to go live show. I don't know what to do with that. I'm going to be making you do a live show. I'm going to be making you do a live show. went through with that uh... indiana that i said ricky ricardo i like that kid i like the cousin you know i mean you like to see that could play congas the constantly i love lucy twenty times a day ricky ricardo going crazy babalu i'm over here now because you said yeah play in now but it would be the cause of doesn't look like uh... anything and she's got all she's got the beat uh... mara eight and friend always gonna india man He's already using the banana juice line in commercials. You can't use banana juice. That came out about nine hours ago. Last night when I knew I was going to call in, I was talking to Kenny going, you know how filthy I am? I go, what am I? He goes, you've got to come up with a new name for it. I go, banana juice. You know what I mean? Here's a pint of banana juice. Well, it's ours now, Dice. Could you imagine being in bed with a girl and going, oh, I just shot my banana juice all over the room. Look what I just did again. I think a lot of guys are going to use that line tonight. Banana juice is powerful. I'm telling you. I couldn't stop laughing. Because if you've got the hairy banana, you've got to have banana juice to go with it. You've got a hairy banana or you've got the mule. If you've got the mule, you've got mule juice. Personally, I would think banana juice tastes better. What's the mule? The mule is the same thing as the banana. The big mule at a hog. How low are you hanging that it looks like a mule? What do you mean? Do I look black to you? I'm talking about the twins there. The bottom line is you've got to have the apple. If you've got the apple, it could be an inch long. It don't matter. You never saw a guy get out of bed with a chick and go, it just didn't feel good to me. So Anthony, you've got to get out there. You've got to build up your self-esteem again and stop banging them out. I'm on the radio every day. I have chicks call in. Look, I've got the mule. I'm packing. I'm packing whatever. I'm packing. I'm out of here now. I'll take that advice. That's also very important. You've got to be romantic when you're getting bed with a girl. Any example that maybe can help me out? You've got to go face down, ass up. That's the way we like to beep. You know what I mean? Over here now, you've got to look sexy like that. Sure. When you're done, hey you friggin' animal, get the wet napkin over here. Wipe me down. Because a girl, see, a girl doesn't want to just be you. She wants to be known that you love her. Sure. If you're asking her, go get a wet cloth, you animal. Look what I just did to you. You know, now wipe me down. Cool me down over here. So that's romantic. Exactly. That's my point. That's why I'm together. I've been with her for so many years. I know how to treat her. You know, they start walking out of the room. You grab them by the pony tail, get over here. Look what I'm going to do. Hey guys, were you on the view? A long time ago. Because we got a call that says Dice was on the view. Well, look, they're probably reran it. I don't know him because I'm so handsome and charming. What are you doing on that show though? Anytime I see a guy. My last failed sitcom hits. Oh no. Hits. The TV just doesn't work out for me for some reason. I had to be the nice Dice. I had to be the cute cuddly Dice. On that show they didn't want me to be too nice, but they still wouldn't let me, you know. I feel better confined in that kind of situation. The very special episode of Dice. You know what I mean? When I get a TV show, I know we can't go more than three weeks. Now why is that? Because they don't let me do my thing. If I did like a sitcom on HBO, that would be different. So you just pocket the cash and run? Well, you know, I try to make it work. And then you know, you know what the funny part was. On these sound stages they don't allow smoking. So the first episode, in a scene I lit up the cigarette. And the fire marshals come running like I just torched the place. And they're going, he's smoking. In the third episode, everybody hanging around was smoking. They go, that hasn't been smoking in a sitcom since 1969. And this guy is smoking in every scene now. And then I couldn't figure it out when they cancelled the show. They go, look, we either cancel the show or this guy's going to burn down Paramount. Now that one sitcom you were doing, though, they had the spin doctors coming on and saying that you were the nice Dice. That one I was like, what is Dice? The spin doctors. Well, not the, you know, the people that like to give you a different image. Forget about the different image. We're done with the different image. You know what I mean? Because I was waiting for the very special episode. I'm going to have an album coming out. I'm going to blow your mind with it. What have you got? You know, I'm going to blow your mind with it. An album? Yeah. When's it coming out? September. Are you coming back to New York? Right now all I'm doing is the Vegas shows. Yeah. I'm not touring right now. I don't want to tour. Are you going to be flying us out to Vegas so we can check you out? You know, I think you have made enough money that you could handle the airfare. It's all gone for me, Dice. I'll get you a room. How does that sound? It's gone. It's gone. I had money. Come on. She's not going to take everything. She can't take everything. You want to be my lawyer? You know what I mean? What is the problem with her? Get her on the phone. I'll talk to her. I don't think that's going to happen. You know? Get her on the phone. I don't think that's going to happen. I'm telling you, I know how to talk nice. Oh yeah, look at me an example. Get her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. I got her on the phone. You know what I mean? What is she looking for in this world? I don't know. You know? I don't know, guys. Why did she say she didn't want to be with you? That's what I want to know. I can't go into details. But you can say why she didn't want to be with you. I'd shut all the outgoing mics off for two seconds. Okay. Go ahead. What happened? We're off. We're off. We're off. We're off. We're off. We're off. We're off. We're off. I'm sorry, Zach. But something like that is not grounds for divorce. You know what I mean? You know, if you bang the dozen in a clip, it's a different situation. I can see a little aggravation. You know what I mean? Don't you understand? The only reason to get married is to have an affair. You can't have one without it. You know, it's one thing if you've got a girlfriend that you're nailing and you tell you, oh, there's this chick Donovan banging. You don't have a wife at home that's in misery. But if you've got a wife at home that you know by the end of this affair, your whole life is going to be in turmoil. You're breaking doors. You're slamming your car into brick walls. You know there's going to be excitement put back into the marriage. That's the reason for an affair. You get the juices going, which brings me back to bananas. You're like a philosopher, Dyson. Exactly. That's why all my friends call me for love advice. Most of them are divorced now, but I couldn't help that. They didn't listen. Wow, that's funny. You know what I'm saying? Now we're getting emails saying, Anthony, it's Seed right through the speakers. See, my wife just came in. She just went right by me, didn't say hello, didn't give me a kiss. That's the perfect marriage. It's like I don't exist. You see what I mean? That's how you make something work. As long as you keep bringing the paychecks home. You know what I mean? You don't talk. If there's talking, there's going to be a problem. You know what I mean? How did everyone hear everything? Why do you think movies were invented? To break the awkward silence of marriage. Because once you're living with them, there's nothing to say anymore. The game is over. So now you're both sitting on a couch looking at each other, and you go, hey, honey, you want to go to a movie? And she looks at you with that dumb face. Yeah, that sounds like a good high-speed. So now you go to a movie, so you've got a couple of hours to watch other people go through their misery. You know what I mean? I mean, that's so dumb that after you leave the theater, she's asking, what do you think happens to them? What happens to tape and it, stupid ass? Now we get in the car, we go home. But you know the saddest part of going to a movie with your wife? After you come home and you're in the driveway, and you look to your right and she's still sitting next to you, that's when you realize this is awful. This is not a bad dream. This is not a nightmare. It's going to continue. So you should be counting your lucky stars, or you got out of this thing. I'll tell you that right now. Thank you, guys. You hang out over at Anthony Opie's place. I'm sure his girlfriend has like 15 or 20 sisters. You know the Spanish people, they don't stop. So he's going to throw something away. Everybody's going to have a couple laughs. Hey, Dice, my girlfriend was getting lap dances last night at the strip club. That's what they do. And then I'm thinking, wow, I might be able to work something out here. You're supposed to be this guy's friend, Opie. You know what I mean? It hooked me up, right? Look at me when I talk to you. Dice, trust me, is doing quite well. I'm just saying quite well. And let's face it, he's no beauty. You know what I mean? Nice Dice, sure, this guy. Coming from you, Dice, thank you. I'm not saying he's an ugly guy. I'm not saying he can't get a girl, but the radio helps. You're on the air, you know me, I'm Anthony, you know Dice. I do Dice, yeah. You know, and some other guys. Hey, honey, come here. Hey, let me ask you something. Do you do Chris Walken? No, Jay Moore does Chris Walken. Yeah, but I don't know Jay Moore. You keep bringing up this Jay Moore. You never seen Jay Moore? What's that? You never seen Jay Moore? He was in Jerry Maguire. I've seen Jerry Maguire. Yeah, the blonde guy. So who is he? He's a funny comic. I didn't even know he was a comic. Yeah. He's a funny comic, so what about him? You've got to get out of Vegas every so often. What about Jay Moore's career? He does Christopher Walken. Oh, does he? That's why we brought him up. Oh, then it's worth becoming friends with him because I like people that do impressions of Chris Walken. He's a bit... What do you do? What do you do? I don't know anymore, you know. I do Dice. No, but besides Dice, I know you do other voices. He does Reagan really well. Reagan? Reagan. I know. He pops up in the news when they see how seen-eily he is these days. He's seen through Clinton? You know, a goof on Clinton. Everyone does it. Why would you goof on a guy that knows how to have a good time? Suck it. That's a guy you should be talking to. He knows how to work the world. That's what I loved about Clinton when he came into office banging all these chicks. Yeah. And his wife didn't leave him. That's when I said, the man knows how to control a situation. That's how he got my vote. Because every president we ever had was so serious. I'm going to help this country out. I'm going to do this over here. This guy came in there with a bottle of vodka, having a couple of laughs. That's a guy that's not going to hit the red button and blow the world up. Bush had the right name, but he was just too old. You know what I mean? Sure. So, you know, a guy like Clinton, look at what he went through with fat ass over there. You know what I mean? All right, Tyson, I'm going to introduce you to Jay Moore. Hold on a second. Okay. Jay Moore. Hi, everybody. Happy birthday, Anthony. Thank you, Jay. Forget about him, Jay. Yeah, that's nice. Hold on, hold on. That's a nice little feedback thing we're getting there. A little problem with the phones. Let me turn off everyone else's mic. Now I'm going to sue you for losing half the ear, half my hearing in each ear. I can't hear. You hear? All right, I think we got them both. Jay Moore? Yeah, what the hell was that? I'm sorry, you're on the air with Dice. Jay, how you doing? What's up, man? They've been telling me a lot about you. Well, I hope you're all right. I don't care about you. What I want to hear, I need to hear you do Chris Walken. Well, Andrew Dice Clay is a New Jersey native. Of course, we'll know that. What, what? No, do more. You know, see you. Hold on a second. Give me a few minutes. Bye, honey. Jonathan, whack off because my wife is in the room. What's he doing over there? He's saying goodbye to his wife. Oh, see, he's obviously in the room. He's in a phone system you guys have, but then he's not being for Christ's sake. Get a couple AT&T phones, plug him in. He's got a nightclub on the phone. So, Jay. Yeah, I'm doing it. All right, do him from that movie, the thing, you know that one. Look, your son, jackass that he is, took something from me. I need it back. The stupid idiot that it was, blew his way through the entire building and didn't stop. And he was just trying to slam. That's pretty good. Yeah. That's very good. It was kind of, it's cheese. Are they still there? That's very good. Well, I can't do Dice Clay. I saw your movie, Fort Fair Lane. Funny. I don't know what happened. You know, I was at the Raff Factory one night when something, something is wrong. All right, Jay, enough with the impression. I'm bored with the impression right now. I'm bored with it now. I'm bored with it, Jay. Listen to me, Jay. When you're doing impressions, you do it for a few seconds and that's that. So, you've been doing one for 16 years. That's one of those. Jay, we could be friends or we could not be friends. I want to be your friend. We're just starting a relationship. So, tell me what happened at the Raff Factory. I didn't get no heart attack. I'm not going to tell you. You had to leave. I needed orange juice. What did you get, blood? A napkin? Yeah. You know, I was very intense that night. Now, what do you like, a girl with big boobs or a girl? Well, you see, that's wrong. That means you can't make a decision. You probably wear beige. That's no good, Jay. You have to make the decision. I don't think if a girl is showing me her breasts, I think that's good. But, Jay, you don't want to be dating a chick wearing a nipple bra. You understand? Jay, where'd Jay go? I don't know. Something went wrong with him, I think. Yeah. Another friend I could have had. Remember that Fox show action? Oh, yeah, I do remember that. That's Jay Moore. I didn't see it, but I heard it was Bill. Unfortunately, not many people did. That was the problem. But everybody liked it. Yes. But you know TV. In a minute, something's good. They go, no, we've got to get rid of this. Sure. You know, because then people are going to be expecting more good shows. You know, so that's how it works. He was good. That Chris Walken thing's very good. You should hear it live. It's just like him. It sounds just like him. He was in that movie with Chris Walken. Oh, was he? The Suicide Kings. Alright, so Jay Moore. So he's a pretty big star. So you've had him on. Yeah. Alright. I think we're going to call Buddy Hackett next. What's wrong with Buddy Hackett? Nothing. He's a legend. Oh, okay. You're in good company, right? Buddy Hackett's cool. Alright. I'm not going to stay on through all this. Oh, no. You know what I mean? This isn't my show. I got a life over here. Exactly. I got things I got to do over here now. Okay. I got to go make another studded jacket. I got my bedazzler out. Yeah, I got to put another 11,000 rhinestones on a jacket. People wonder why I'm walking on stage. The jacket's way more than I do. I can't stand it already. I had to pick leather. I couldn't pick like linen. We've talked about your jackets on the show. I guess Clubs Soda Kenny does listen to us every day. Brad Soda Kenny shows me in on the show. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. What happened? Put your kid on. They don't even know how to ride the bike. I gotta go. I'm dying. Who's Rich Wasp now? Rich Wasp is Norton's friend. Oh, I know who he is. I saw him on the bill. He's awful. Yeah, he is awful. He's a harbinger. I don't understand. They brought him on. Like, you know, they have that, uh, a Joy's Corner, whatever. Yeah. You get to sit and do your act. When I was promoting mafia, I went on after a rape victim. You know. It was like a 16 year old girl that got brutally raped and hit over the head with a shovel. And the guy only had got like a year in prison. Hey, I was there to insult my friend. She was there to say she was going to meet the guy when he gets out of prison. And they're all crying. And then they show a clip of me bumping my head in mafia like, coming up next, funny man, Jay Moore. She was going to be there to meet the guy? Yeah, she came on TV. I think they have to be raped and beaten. When this guy gets released from prison, she's going to be there. So let me ask you this. After being raped and beaten, wouldn't you want to stay away from him? Stay away from this person? That's my question. Well, what's the family member you want to keep them close? You know, so. Oh, so Rich Voss. So you're buddies with Jim Norton? Jim Norton and Rich Voss get a hooker and they bring her into the woods in Central Park. And she's performing, she's going down on Rich Voss. She's on the ground. And Norton is on all fours behind her, you know, taking care of her whale eye. Yeah. She's a hooker, like off the street. That sounds like a lot of laughs. And then they're walking back to the car and Norton goes, Oh man, look at my jeans. I got my jeans all muddy. I didn't even know it was coming out. Yeah, that's never going to make it on. I know the rules. That ain't even close to making it on, Jay. Neither one of those comments. That last comment there about the eating. You know, it's going to be beautiful that this Voss, I don't know if he, I hope he's not married for your sake, Jay. Am I married? No, no, I hope he's not. Am I married? No, no, I hope he's not. Am I married? No, no, I hope he's not. Am I married? No, no, I hope he's not. Am I married? Yeah, he is and I've been trying to get his wife hot and I try to break them up. I think you just completed the job. Yeah, but talk about it in the woods. This is going to help the marriage. So what, how much of that story got dumped? Well, just the last part. You can't talk about it. The whole story wasn't on? No, the whole story was on. You just can't talk about eating, you know, that area. He said, what are you complaining about? I can't believe you're eating anything else. You just ascended to a hooker's whale eye and you're complaining about mud on the knees of your dungaree. Right. Yeah, it's number one, there are better words than whale eye. But when you're on stage, let me add to that. I'm getting them the respect. Boom, nah. Are you star fish like Otto? Jay. Yes, sir. Where do you perform? I perform at like the improv in LA at the lab factory. So you're not filthy? Yeah, I'm pretty filthy. Yeah, he is. Oh really? Not like you, Dice. No, it's a different caliber. Not talking about shooting goos. But Dice set the standard, you know? Yeah. What's that? Dice, you set the standard, you set the bar. The bar is high, everyone else just comes in under the radar. Well, that's what it is, what am I going to tell you? You'll do it right for yourself. What happened with your show? Because I heard your show was good. Oh, thanks man. My show, just nobody watched it, it got cancelled. Everyone that like works in the industry watches it. I'll be doing a movie and I'm like a boom guy. I'll be like, hey, what happened to your show? Yeah, that's what happened. See, that's why you have to learn to say, it failed. Yeah, it did fail. That's all. It failed, say it. It failed, Dice. That's right. I've done two failed shows and I'm very proud of it because there's a lot of comics out there that never had a chance to fail yet. We got lots of chances to fail. You got called up to the big leagues. That's right. What was the show? Like This House or something with Cathy Moriarty? Yeah. I was the postal employee, the Dice Cuddly Dice. Yeah, you're doing it again. They called me Andrew Clay, little Andy Clay, that was the name on the credits of that show. I'm going to start talking about your wife again. Don't make me do that. I decided when I called in, I'm not going to talk about her. But now you open your mouth to call me Andy and I got no choice but to tell you what she might be doing every night. You know the writing. I don't care. No, you do care. Everybody cares. If you're a human being, you care. Dice, I don't care. Let her know it. Say it, whatever her name is. I don't care. Anthony, I told you she's no good. A black midget. Yeah, an ex-wrestler. Yeah. A midget wrestler. A black midget wrestler. Oh! Dice, what was the name of that guy? Imagine coming home feeling away from home with a black midget wrestler. That's going to hurt. Imagine that. No, but you'll be all right. You're going to get through it. Get lucky. I'm telling you. Don't worry. I got a vibe from her. I didn't like it. Okay, Dice, thank you. When she was rubbing my neck, all of a sudden she started breathing in my neck. I was like, oh, I'm going to get a little bit of a pain in my neck. I'm actually outside your house right now. Oh, really? Uh-oh, he's stalking you. I hit the tele-track and I just started coming over. I just punched in Dice. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. I'm going to get through it. would sit on Jay. Jay would win. You'd sit on me. No, no, no, no. Right, Jay. Club soda Kenny would not allow me to sit on you. Wait a minute. I love all these comics that want to be tough. Club soda Kenny would not allow me to sit on you. Hey, where'd you grow up, Jay? Can I finish the sentence? Jesus! I'm going to fuck you. You're going to open your mouth to me. You talk when I tell you to talk. Why are you telling me when to talk? All right. Where'd you grow up? You didn't say talk. Marty. I said talk. I grew up in Verona, New Jersey. Verona, New Jersey. I grew up in Verona, New Jersey. So you're a farmer. Farmer? They got pig farms in Jersey. What do you mean farmer? They're a farmer. They got pig farms there. Yeah, a lot of pig farms. Anytime somebody comes from Jersey. They got Italian horns in Jersey. You meet somebody and you go, where are you from? They go, New York. All right, you just keep talking and let us know when we can chime in. All right, guys, excuse me. I'm over here. Pig farms. Italian horns in Buick, Regal. All right, stop it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Stop it. You meet somebody from Jersey. First they go there from New York. You go, what part of New York? They go Jersey. It just doesn't make sense. But Rome is like a Guido town. No, it's not. Stop it. It's a farm town. It's okay, though. You didn't choose it. Oh my God. You know what I mean? When you're born, don't pick on me for where you grew up. Where did you grow up? Brooklyn. I grew up in Livingston. You ever beat anybody up from Brooklyn? When did you move? Nobody goes down in Brooklyn. When did you move? When did you move? When did you move? When did you move? When did you move? When did you move? Nobody goes down in Brooklyn. That's the way it is. When did you move to Brooklyn, Dice? People in Brooklyn, even when they do get beat up, they won't admit to it. When did you move to Brooklyn, Dice? I lived in Brooklyn my whole life, so I can't tell. Stop. What do you mean stop? Livingston. What do you mean stop? How come everyone says you're from Jersey? I don't know. Because you're from Jersey? No, I'm from Brooklyn. Brooklyn, Jersey. No, Brooklyn. I'm from Miami. No, Brooklyn. She lives in Brooklyn. The map according to Dice. That's where I grew up. Where did you grow up, Anthony? Long Island. Far from Jersey. I might as well have been in Jersey on the pig farm. Pig farm. Well, they got farms out there. No, you go out hogging one night, but it ain't a farm, Dice. Exactly. See, now you're turning into me. I don't even need to call them with all the dice impersonators in this world. You're not going to do anything with me. I'm going to beat you. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. What do you mean beat me? I'm going to beat you. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. I'm going to beat you. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. You're going to beat me. I'm still on hold with you, Jay. Okay, and it's Monday night amateur night. Let's bring up our next act. Give them a big hand, will ya? I'm going to let you guys talk. I'm hanging up. I've got to do some things with this thing over here now. All right, Dice. Dice. Happy birthday. I'll call you again. Thank you, Dice. I'm looking forward to meeting you. Take care, pal. I'll see you in the next report. Okay, yeah. No more. You'll be okay. All right. Thank you, Dice. All right. Anthony will carry the show for a while. All right. Thank you. Everything will be okay for you. Oh! Talk to you later. Peace. Bye. I didn't think anybody could out-talk me. Jay, we have to take a quick break. We want to keep you on the phone, though. Sure. I couldn't get a word in. We didn't get any words in. Now you know how it feels when you're on the show. It was just a dice. Pimp hand! Pimp hand! If you are a comic! Jay, you're not going to believe who came by today. And he's still here. We'll let you talk to him. No, he's not still there. Yeah. Is he going to suck my cottage, cheese? Yeah, out- ! A lot of right things, man. M this money makes the mighty things. We can't change your life! No, you mentioned it was just a  Todsend contest. Yes. This was all done by Cannibal. Your Internet connection. Talk to him later. I don't want you to keep the control now. Why can't you not answer this call now? but you're big farms pick up the chair actually i don't know if they believe i think they're going to get that they were still in the uh... the lobby would you get to begin with an eight-ball in a beer uh... uh... i think that they don't think it is you know it's not going to work at five tonight so well but i'm not going to have a particular that they will die and i will just talk about that but i want to try what's your manager Naquil kicking bers and i'm not after hello once you get to l collagen blush income product i thought it like partner my way k attached then cor expiration executed plate one second day think i'm gonna imagine that you didn't like you wipe it over and i think i've been very very how do you have any uh... too who will be here and jay you didn't even congratulate us number one after that i got like sixteen messages are good since then i don't like that we took all the uh... we took a bunch of listeners to uh... to a privilege last night really didn't like a lot of it was a blast and i thought that i want to read jane how could i do it without a condom uh... jay got so crazy that sandy was getting lap dances all night long well jim come on swearing really that's not crazy that if you know sandy's crazy anyway i don't want to wear and then she was pretty much that she was pretty much that she was pretty much lesbian for a day on the couch in front of like a hundred guys that i had privilege last night i like privilege for the last letter oh uh... he's he's moved on let's just put it that way he died in the snob uh... havoc You're going to ask a lot of pounds, go on, your phone call is going to stay with a ton of hands. Welcome back, Knicks tonight against the Pacers, game two, we'll be back after this. What kind of show is this? God damn, that's funny. Congratulations, Simpacation now! Yes, Jack. Alright, Jack. I love you guys. We'll talk to you soon. What a coup. Yeah. Let me tape to the show, Rick. Sunday night. And send back a black croce to you, Nick. Nah, you can keep that. I know Dominicans are better phones than that show. Alright, Jay, we'll talk to you soon, alright? Alright, guys, I love you. Congratulations and everybody listening, tell a friend already. What are you guys waiting on? Alright, have a good show tonight. This is a website. See my fake punch that landed. Hey, can we call Buddy Hackett? 310? No, I got it. Hold on. You already gave me the number. Is it cool if we call him up? That's all I'm asking. Yeah, that's great. Call him and say you called to say thanks for helping us out. We're number one in the ratings. Alright. And, you know, maybe, did you guys play What's in My Pants with Otto? Yeah, he didn't really get it. What's not to get? I know, it's such an easy game. Put someone on right now. Give me one. No, we've got to wrap it up. Oh, God, I'm about to take a nap. Give me something to grab. We've got commercials to do. I can't factor your coverage. Hey, hey, hey, I've got to ask you real fast. Were you on, what's that show last night? Everyone's calling in. Family Guy. Family Guy. Oh, they aired it. Yeah, I did a voice for the Family Guy. I'm glad they told me it was going to be on. It was on last night. All your fans here in New York are saying it was hilarious. I wish I saw it. We've got three calls. Three calls? Hey, that's very funny. Oh, I'm not done yet. You talk when I say talk, big fam. When did you grow up? When he died? You're a farmer. You're a farmer. Six-floor tannin' man house farm. Hey, Dad, give me the keys. I'm going upstairs in the farm. Where's the elevator? I need the farm. What a jacket. I'm over here now. I'm over here. Who knows? These are jugs for club soda. That'd be great. Me versus Dice, club soda Kenny, guest referee. Yeah, that'd be fun. Dice, he side skirted that in a hurry. Hey, it's been a Brooklyn day. What? You guys in Brooklyn, hey, peace to El Dorado, farmer. I know I'm saying all these things because I know he can't hear me. Yeah, he probably lives right next to you. Dice would probably sit on him. Yeah, I get a line in every once in a while. Oh, because just when you think you're just pushing buttons, you come out. You got that two run four hay bomb and a Basada launching pad. I'm all right. I'm consistent. I'm like Nomar. Nomar had one today. Ant hits the homers and I just have those base hits every day. Ant's Carl Everett and you're Nomar. Nomar. Guys, congratulations. I hope you get a raise because of this. No. Want me to make a poll? No, we'll be all right. I think Otto should go in and negotiate. George, you're the producer. That won't change my comments. Hey, Jay, we got a call from California. There's a girl out there listening to us on the, oh, Dice is calling back. I don't think he appreciates it. He's well connected. Hold on a minute. Dice? Yeah. Hi. So I can't hear you. Yeah, I'm not in LA, 3,000 miles away, but I can't hear you. What's the deal? I'm making my business to know how to read my answer. I'm sorry, I know you're talking behind it. What was that all about now? I said I couldn't get a word in when you were on. What did you get a word in? And you kept saying Verona was a town of pig farmers. It's a Guido town. You're still talking about where you're from? No, we're talking about, we're making fun of you. I'm from my dad's penis. That's how I look. Where I grew up does not matter. I think your dad's penis. Yeah, my dad's penis. What about it? Dice, what were you listening on the phone? I hear everything. The all-knowing Dice Man. I know you guys because the last time I came up and I left, that's when you opened your mouth and I warned you. God damn, he is well connected, isn't he? He's good. Oh, his high school buddy from Livingston called up. I got digital. Do you understand? You following? You following? I got digital. They don't have that here on the pig farms. No, not on the pig farms. It's an Italian word, it means pig farms. You're still there? Yeah. J. What about? J. Let's straighten this out. Maybe we got off to a wrong start. Okay? Yeah. We got off to a wrong start. I said you're from a pig farm. Oh, okay. What kind of animals were on your farm? I don't know pig farms. I know they got cows. They got different things. Mostly goats. What happened now? Goats mostly. What happened now? What are you talking about now? Are you on crank? This is what I'm trying to say. I tried to talk to you nice like a human person. You just asked me a question and when I answered it you went, what happened? No, I didn't say what happened. Maybe you said what happened because I think you were on a pig farm. I'm not on a pig farm. I'm on a pig farm. I'm on a pig farm. I'm on a pig farm. I'm on a pig farm. I'm on a pig farm. I'm on a pig farm. I'm on a pig farm. I have no idea what you're talking about. I think when I quit and I quote... So how about when I said to you, where is the thing and you said I grew up in Jersey. You understood that but now I said what happened and you don't understand me. Excuse me. Now you said what? What? That's what I said. Right. What are we arguing about? What are we arguing about? I said, I heard what you said. I called about maybe there were pigs on the farm. Maybe you've got a thing with little pigs. I don't know. Maybe that was chickens and horses and cows. How do I know? I grew up with you. I grew up in Brooklyn. This is what I'm saying. How can nobody believe that you grew up in Brooklyn? What do you mean nobody believes that you grew up in Brooklyn? Where did I grow up? Jay, is this another prank? No, I don't know what's going on. I'm talking to a crackhead. So who said what to who now? That's what I want to know. I'm saying you hear me. Yeah, I hear you. Do you hear me? I'm far away. So what happened now? When you left, I started telling some jokes. We started talking and then we were talking about... Number one, when you get on the radio, you don't do your act, you don't do your jokes. You don't do that. I wasn't doing it. This is a conversation for the people driving home. I don't do my act on the radio. You just said, wait a minute, excuse me, maybe I'm out of order here. Maybe I'm out of order, but you said... You were going to call Buddy Hackett? No, you said, I'm doing... Who are you? He's a Jew from New Jersey. What happened? I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. I'm not a Jew. The Phantom Blue in Miami was him and Jim Norton. The Chris Walken is a lot better. I'm taking a nap. I'm not working an hour. Are you doing another show? It's called The Job? Yeah. Where do I lose you? I have to go to work in an hour. I'm going to take a little nap. I got the AC on. The lights are out. Where are you performing now? Nowhere. Why not? I'm doing a movie. What movie? Pay It Forward. Anything good? Yeah, it's got a couple of people in it. Where's the paycheck? Talk to me. Who's in this movie? It's not like that last cop movie you did, Dice. So I do a couple B movies. Actually, I enjoyed that one. It was pretty good. Helen Hunt is in this movie. Yeah, it's out. Kevin Spacey. Yeah, good for him. I'm in the movie. I'm in the movie. I'm in the movie. I'm in the movie. I'm in the movie. I'm in the movie. I'm in the movie. I'm in the movie. I'm in the movie. I'm in the movie. Casey. Yeah, good for him. Hailey Joel Osmond. I like them, I like them. Hailey Joel Osmond. I shouldn't bad-mouth people I like. I just get crazy, I start bad-mouthing everybody. The little kids from the sixth sense. Oh, that kid? Yeah, Hailey Joel Osmond. Yeah, I'd like to talk to that kid when he's about 20 years old. John Bon Jovi? You know, just like the kid from, you know, The Life's Me At Home that's walking around New York with a top hat at 17 years old, swirling a cane. See what happened to him? are test on the cold morning my eyes eyes on and out they are you going with French make indeed decades and developed normally their kid All right, listen. Oh, man. Janet Reno, I'll bring you to orgasm in a second. I loosen the ride up. Everybody goes home a winner with me. It's like having sex with a jackhammer. Where's Buddy Hackett? We can't get him. He's not home. We don't care if Buddy Hackett. Are you not having fun with me anymore, Jay? Buddy Hackett, that's the real uncle. I hang up and then you open your mouth again. What the? Oh, man. I'm sorry. I can't wait to meet this guy now. All right, we've got to put an end to this. No, we've got to put an end to this. We've got to put an end to this. We've got to put an end to this. Hey, Jay, you're talking like the Brooklyn guy. Anthony, don't confuse me. I don't want to know who I am. Anthony, don't confuse me. I don't want to know who I am. Anthony, don't confuse me. I don't want to know who I am. Anthony, don't confuse me. I don't want to know who I am. Anthony, don't confuse me. I don't want to know who I am. Anthony, don't confuse me. I don't want to know who I am. Anthony, don't confuse me. I don't want to know who I am. Anthony, don't confuse me. I don't want to know who I am. Anthony, don't confuse me. I don't want to know who I am. Anthony, don't confuse me. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. I don't want to know who I am. Let me tell you, I was dying laughing. That was some funny stuff courtesy of Dice and Jay Moore. Alright, very good. Who knew we'd ever hook them up? We've got to take a break. I think we'll be back in about 40 minutes. Yeah, really. Now, we'll make it quick. Stay there. How you doing? This is Andrew Dice Clay. And you're li... No, not Anthony Dice Clay. Andrew Dice... And you're listening to Hopi and the Guy That Wants to Be Me Show on WNEW 102.6. WNEW 102.7. Anthony, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Yes, thousands of people losing weight with Stacker 2. Yeah, the warm weather is here. It's going to get warmer. Summer's going to be around the corner. You want to get all those damn clothes off you so you look good in a bikini, right? Mm-hmm. Well, why don't you take Stacker 2? I think it could take care of the job for you. What does it do? It's the world's strongest fat burner. It cuts down on the cravings to snack during the day so you're not picking at the Twinkies and loading weight on your butt. And it gives you a boost of energy. It gets you through the day. That's right. With Stacker 2. That's right. It also helps you in bed, Anthony. That's what I've heard. And I heard from one of our faithful listeners. They thank us because the guy lost 50 pounds on Stacker 2. Not only did he lose 50 pounds on Stacker 2, he used the J. Moore line. What are we going to do about this? And in the old days when he was a fat slob, there's no way he would have used that line. He did use the line and it worked. Because she actually saw it. Yes, for the first time. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Give them a call. 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker 2. Sometimes you feel like a nut. Booty dooty. Sometimes you don't. You guys are going to burn in hell. O-P-E-N-N. 1027-W-N-E-W. It's the O&H show. I didn't think we were going to have a good show today. Because we were really tired from our celebration yesterday at Privilege. But man, what a day, huh? Fun, fun, fun. Are you having fun on your birthday? Hell yeah. That Dice and J. Moore conversation was worth the price of admission right there. And Jesus, I just want to go on the record and say that Andrew Dice Clay is my favorite comedian. Really? Well, I don't want him coming back. I know he has a way to listen to us in LA. I think that's really scary. All right, let's go right back to the phones. I love when Dice is on this show. Louis Black. Hey. Oh, Louis. Happy birthday. And God knows you should celebrate it with Dice and J. I'm amazed those two gay guys are still talking. You better be careful. Dice is going to call back. Well, I've already had a good one. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Well, I've already had my thing with Dice. Who is this? Who is this fumb? Well, you had a little episode with him. We had an altercation at one point. Really? What happened? He called the radio show that I was on in the morning and then got on the phone. And look, this business is such a pain in the ass. When you call and there's another comic con, instead of saying, I never heard of you, who are you? Where do you play? Right. It's 7.30 in the morning, jackass. We're not going to discuss this. Thank you for kind of dumping all over my little, like, oh yeah, why don't you come down to Boo Boo's and ha ha. You know, it's unbelievable. Wow. So I went berserk. Oh, you did? Oh yeah, we had, you know, my natural instinct is to attack. Right. You're supposed to go, oh no, that's charming. Thank you. Thank you, you're right. You are a better person. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Why would you marry a Jewish girl, Lewis? And I said, well, the reason is because by the time they hit, like about 60, 65, they actually have a wine that's permanent in their voice, no matter what they're talking about. And it's actually, they've discovered it's the sound of a thousand pigs being slaughtered. Which she had not going already. Oh, God. How do they think she's hot? Am I like completely out of touch with reality? BJ Lips and then the nice pert cans and a pretty good ass in those blue jeans. Yeah, but she opened her mouth. Nobody, a guy's just completely mad. What are you, Dice now, Lewis? What are you, Dice now? But she opened her mouth. Well, he is a better comic than I am. Occasionally we're forced. He told you so. He knew. And the other thing is, you'll love this. I went to the Democratic National Committee fundraiser because the Comedy Central crew was invited because John was the host. Yeah. And he did quite a nice job. I go to watch John do that stuff because I would be, I'd have been apoplectic within eight minutes. I mean, it's like, I couldn't be that near them. Right. So it's the first time I've seen Clinton live and he really is. I get the women, just get it. It's like, what happened that, you know, a guy who basically has the personality of a really good used car salesman would turn them on? It's that power thing, man. Oh, God. They love it. It's amazing. Has it helped me? Well, I don't think you have quite the power that Bill Clinton. Well, yeah, I guess. You're not a smooth talker, Louis. You're a little bitter. I think the way we want to stray away from the bitterness, you know. Oh, man. You might want to smooth out your delivery a little bit. Maybe that's right. Yeah. And then Al Gore spoke. I have never used the word turgid, ever. I don't even know what it means, but it certainly applied. It was... It was turgid. It was unbelievable. It was like somebody pouring hot wax in your ears until your brain was completely numb. And I'm sitting there going, you know, I agree with him, and by the time he was finished, I hated everything I believed in and him too. That's why I hate myself for believing in him. He's got that power behind him. He... It's a great line that J.R. Havlin, who writes for The Daily Show, said when he went up and stood in line to meet him, you know. Yeah. There were about 50 people and he thought, well, she's going to meet this guy, he could be the next president. Then he said, yeah, what the hell with it. And he walked away and he said, he just walked away. And he thought, you know, I would actually stand in a longer line to go on a log ride at an amusement park. It's unbelievable. They were unbelievable. It was just... And Kipper just gives me the creeps. And Hillary is not even... She has been electroshock. There is no connection between her voice and her body. There is absolutely... She is... You know, they talk about how men and their emotions are separated. She's the... I've never seen anything like it. She doesn't look real anymore. No. She's completely... Someone is broadcasting her... She's being broadcast from another city. And it's coming through her. Well, Lewis, when are you coming back to New York? I'll be back. I'm going to try to see you guys at the end of next week. Oh, please do. I'll be back here and get in. I'm going to be at Caroline's. And then on May 9th, I've got my specials on Comedy Central. I heard that was very good. It came out pretty good. Cool. All right, Lewis, we're going to get something fun going on in the studio for you when you come by next week. Okay. It will be on Friday, so I know that maybe the lesbians will be out. Well, you never know. You never know, boy. And God knows that's now like a part of my... That's like a part of my calendar. Oh, it's Friday. It must be lesbian day. I'll be there. That's how nuts I've been. People have made me... Lewis, we got a new one. Lewis, we got a new one, actually. We invite hot girls down here and we drip hot wax all over their bodies. Oh. Yeah. Well, there's a reason for me to wake up in the morning. Yeah, there you go. Hey, and what are you doing tonight, Anthony? Pretty exciting. Pretty exciting. Yeah, pretty exciting. What are you doing? Just going out to dinner. Yep. And you're like 24, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. That's the good part. All right. All right, Lewis. Hey, guys, take care. Have a good weekend. We'll see you next week. You got it. I'll be in. All right. Lewis Black, everyone. Thanks, guys. Thank you. From Commie Central. There you go. Of course. Back in black every Wednesday. Yes. On The Daily Show. We got to talk to Adam Farrar really fast here. Oh, my pal. Adam! Hey, happy birthday, pal. Hey there, buddy. What's going on? Where are you? LA? I'm in LA. Everyone's in LA calling him from the show. Why the hell aren't we in LA? I don't know. I'll get your birthday. Happy birthday. Three of the past four people in are calling from LA. Who called? I heard Lewis. Wow. We had Jay Moore and Dice on the line at the same time just going at each other. It was a stand-up. I heard they were, Rick was telling me they were fighting. Who's Jay fighting with now? With Dice. Why was he fighting with Dice? I don't know. I couldn't figure it out from the conversation. It was the most inane argument I've ever heard in my life. It was really good, but we had no clue what was going on. You're from Jersey. You're from? What? Yeah, exactly. Exactly. It's like dinner at my house when the old relatives come over and they just start babbling. Yeah. You got to ignore them and just eat. Just nod your head. Just don't even look at them. Just eat. What's it doing? No, no, don't look at them. If you make eye contact, they think you're acknowledging them. They go, and another thing, and then they unload on you and you didn't do anything. Funny coming to New York, pal. I'm going to go to the 11th through the 14th. I'm going to come in and see you. Oh. I have to come in and shamelessly whore out and plug my date. Yeah, it seems like everyone does that these days. It's okay, though. What's going on with the thing? We don't know. We're waiting to hear. Yeah? We're waiting to hear. ABC announces the 15th, the week of the 15th. Yeah. Then we'll find out then. When is it going to be? Is there an air date or something? I guess it will air in September. I don't know anything. I'm like the lowest. The craft service guy gets known more than I do. He brings the food. They're going to tell him first. You know, boil the rice. It's a go. And pick up Adam on your way. So what are you going to do? I'm going to do a commemoration of your birthday. I'm going to light some tires in protest. What is that? Is that a Cuban tradition? I am so pissed off. Bring me the radio. No, no, no. These snob tires. I tell you what. If a good thing had happened, I would have done it. I would have done it. I would have done it. I would have done it. I would have done it. I would have done it. I would have done it. These snob tires. I tell you what. If a good thing had happened in Miami, because if that would have happened in New York as soon as traffic slowed down we would have FedExed this ass back again. Oh, yeah. We would have. Hi, kid. Get in the box. Go on and go. Sorry I'm late for work. Breathe through the holes. Yeah, for some reason in Miami they could close down all the streets and no one seems to care. I would say it was nuts, man. Did you read in the paper what they think of Elion's the Christ child? Oh, no. swear to god they think you've been right uh... i'll be the same people look up at airplanes like almighty wing creature uh... if you feel quite sure the first thing you should do it you know janet reno uh... and i have to go back to cuba you know i can help you with the shaking if you let me stay i can look at it uh... and my brother you have a good birthday yeah left in my head left this hard in a long time lot of fun with a point three days after christ rose from the grave yeah about that uh... came back there at the rabbit that laid eggs uh... you know my mother now you throw back holiday i learned it back to have a marshmallow keep uh... why what what what what you can let me know before we went out there are you know i want to have very eggs enjoy all-star you know i don't know if you don't want to go to a little i don't think i knew you know i was really little my mother to dress me my brother dot in phallus suits for easton sample swear to god it was john but it was the book of john verse twelve on the day i ride dress by young and gay men uh... did you remember your time your mother did it pressure on each day yeah i guess i can just open a polka dot uh... outfit really polka dot another just an old sweaty neighborhood he had a polka dot kid a polka dot uh... jumpsuit me and my two brothers all my gear pictures of that unfortunately i do yeah i would like that i would get dressed up by in uh... she would put me even at like five years six years old in a a business suit like i'm on closing some big deal yeah i don't like that you know what you're late for wall street mister smith uh... coming to my office please that's the plate and a lot of happy you know my younger son and he's into water purifiers let him speak to you uh... uh... how is your mom fine saw her on the other the family and louise how is that your mom she's very good very good thank you for a very nice good when we see which you happy birthday thank you and when you have a good so i don't know what when you come into a polka game i don't know what i would like our get your answer to new york will play like a local play cards will call jim jimbo get married and i can endorse that and i think that i believe i know i know you start shaking like i mentioned in a new company uh... i think that and uh... that's funny that all too true well that's a good little misplaintive uh... uh... pending litigation please do you know all come out of the room and i was getting slam with that today that we have the here are the stuff that i think that i was getting love advice from the dice man really yeah at best in shut up i think he was going to be called as a witness and you don't see here in bed and do you get the blood on your goal and tell the filthy animal to get a court and whiteboard and he's been to a certain lord byron approach the romance is yet isn't it uh... and i don't know if you guys for advice why are you worried about you know where family with she's she's over it's so much fun you want to see your mother again you're saying the paper and i thought we got a lot well i have learned a lot here because of uh... we have so backed up with them i just want to call which happened thank you pal and uh... and you know if you have to new york okay champ right now let up to a very good thank you and adam here hospitality and i think that you know i think that my mother about the website and i'm not yet did we have we got the hospital and a clip on the uh... unofficial and then we have a meeting with these people you know are you on the opening at the website uh... and i think that thank you pal i can't have a good but that i think it is yet let by adam adam for he knows he never i guess i have a happy hospitaliano go i can't laugh anymore clear and i know and i don't know that i'm exhausted laughing i'm exhausted well i think that's right and your birthday and i'm i'm just flat out exhausted i mean it was was funny and i couldn't laugh anymore like they go on with all my laps are out of my body man all right let's uh... take a break at the end will be back with one more thing for you we're looking for a few good animals hotel blo kinds of presentable yeah this year at previous Thanks for listening today. We were very tired and very hungover, but I think it was quite entertaining today. I think Anthony had a good time, huh, Ann? Yes, I did. As I said at the beginning of the show, I was going to wait until the end to see if it had been a chore sitting here, an embarrassing day, an uncomfortable day, or if it was fun. And it turned out it was fun. Yeah, last year was very uncomfortable, right? Yeah. Can I see what the hell is going on? Well, we just got your cake there, buddy boy. Yeah, a little cake. Why don't you move out of the way? I want to thank Rick for putting this whole thing together today. Oh, hey. Oh my God. Nice cake. Happy birthday, baby. Thank you very much. Wow, what a nice cake. I haven't read that, Anthony, you old bastard. We got two naked chicks from Privilege in the studio. Grab this mic. We brought you a cake and some Peri-Age-Away from the girls at Privilege. Very nice. Thank you. We love you so much. Thank you. It's not that I can't do it without just on call. You don't have to really... Of course. You have to be serious. Did I hear on the radio you don't like to be touched, so we won't touch you? Yeah, yeah. Look at all the whipped cream all over your nips. Yeah, we ruined the cake we got. What did you do? Put your nips in there? They stick their boobs in the cake? We heard you were the Wrangler. Oh, the Wranglers. Look, a Lone Ranger little lunchbox. Getting crazy with the whipped cream back here. Wow. Thank you. We had fun last night, huh? Yes, so did we. Yeah, look at you. We had fun with your girlfriends. There it goes. Of course. You guys are getting a little jealous, but you know, jealousy will get you nowhere. No, that's all right. I enjoyed it. I enjoyed it. Look at her, okay, well, naked. We took your whipped cream off the cake so we could... Yeah, put it on your nips and stuff. And look out for each other. Oh, okay, I'll watch that. I'll watch that. Wow, look at that. Well, screw me, just get the camera. Wow, they're licking the icing off each other. Oh, yeah, smearing it on the boobage. Very nice. We don't like the big ones like we were talking about earlier, but they're medium sized. No, that's fine. Oh, you got to... It'll work, right? Yes, very nice. Very nice set. Bravo. What a great way to... Very nice. Wow, look at that. Look at the girls from Pridlis. Thank you. Yes, of course. You made quite an impression with your laugh last night, I must say. You made quite an impression with your laugh. Yeah, but I don't even think I sound like her. That's just a laugh. The person I met that... what do you call it? Before they heard me laugh, they're like, oh, I can't stand that man. So I was trying to pretend like I didn't laugh like that. So I was like, ah, ha, ha, ha, ha. I was like, you want to play? I was trying to pretend I didn't laugh like that. Yeah, that's fine. I guess you had to be there. Yeah, you had a little... Yeah, even naked girls could get boring, yes. No, I'm just kidding. Okay. So your show's been real funny today. Yeah, what a surprise. Yeah, because you guys got us all liquored up. I didn't think we were going to even make it in today. I know, you said it back home earlier. You said you guys had been intoxicated last night. I wasn't even drinking last night. Now I see that. Yeah, it's okay. You can't use that as an excuse, I guess. I'm just having fun. So what were you saying that last year when they did it, they were... They handcuffed in. I wasn't very happy with... Well, no, we had a big fat girl came in and stuff. It was like, ah, ah, ah, ah, please. Ah, Jesus. Yeah, yesterday you were the one messing around with me. I was trying to find out who you were. You were messing me around. They told me he was... I said my name was Bob. I pointed to Ben and said, there's Anthony. They gave you a big fat guy. Hey, did my girlfriend give you my number? Or her number, I guess I should say? Well, I said that to you earlier. I was just joking around. Why, you were worried? She said she was going to call when I was in today. Because we knew we were coming in today. She told me she didn't call though? No. What I learned on the show today, Jim Brewer's goat boy is now dancing at privilege. You're the guy from Red, did you ever see the play, right? Oh, Ben does? Yeah. That's great when we're on the radio. That's very good. Yeah, he looks just like that. It was fun last night. You had to come back and visit us. Yeah, that was a good time. All right. Stephen Lynch. Yay! Happy birthday! What's up, man? Happy birthday. Thank you. Musical genius, Stephen Lynch. You guys have a little party there it sounds like. Yeah! Lynch, we had a great time today. A lot of fun today with the Dice Man and J. Moore on the phone yelling at each other. Oh, really? Oh, you've got to hear the tape of this. It is the most ridiculous argument, even more ridiculous than the one with the air sick productions. Yeah. I swear to God. Or any of the Borrow's exchange or is it all on the phone? It was on the phone. I think Dice is waiting outside the building outside the Brooklyn Diner waiting for J. Moore to show up. Yeah, well, hey, I'm in North Carolina. Actually, I just crossed the border into Virginia. Goddine out! Goddine out! And I did a show last night at a little school, you know, Wake Forest University. Yeah. Oh, you're kidding. Well, we like the people that are bootlegging the show. Yeah. They've got a low-tech syndication, but it's syndication. Well, yeah. Actually, they're bootlegging the show on the internet now, too. It's hysterical. Oh, yeah? Yeah, we had a girl from California call up earlier. She listens to us every day from California. Yeah. Syndication, however. Syndication, however. So. Yeah, however you can get it. Well, Lynch, unfortunately, we've got to cut you off because we've got to get off the air. Yeah, that's cool. I'm a long way away from home, anyway. Well, stop in and see us soon, okay? I will definitely do so. Look at everybody on the road making money and stuff. I like that they're all working. Everyone calling from all over the country today for Anthony. You guys are international. Oh, how important, yes. All right, you too. What's that? We'll talk to you soon. All right, have a happy birthday, Ann. Thanks, Steve. I'll talk to you guys later. See you later. Steven Lynch everyone. Bye. Bye. Well, girls, thanks for coming down. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday dear Ben. Happy birthday dear Bester. Happy birthday to you. Alright, we just got to do one what did we learn today. Tom, what's up? What did you learn on the show today? Good. Guys, I learned I sprayed the adjuice. Alright. Okay, there we go. He was educated. I was a little scared because it says on the screen that you learned that you like banana juice. That would not be a good thing. Absolutely not. Okay. Hey, Dreamweaver, happy birthday. Alright. Actually, Wrangler. Okay. And you made it through? Yes. Happy birthday, old pal. Very good. I will make sure that on your birthday nothing bad happens. I mean, that was the only thing I had to do with this whole thing. I just told Rick that you might want to just kind of keep it a little different than last year. That was the only thing I did. I mean, we've got to thank Rick. He put the whole damn thing together today. He got everyone together. He had a big coup with getting Otto and George here. I thought that was huge. That was cool. That was huge. That was huge. Otto and George playing at Rascals Sunday at 8 o'clock, West Orange. Tickets going fast. Ant and I highly recommend you go see him. Very funny on the radio, but I mean he's like 10 times funnier in person because you get to see the puppet and everything. The puppet. Yes. The puppet. Good show. Thank you. Thank you. Steve from the unofficial Opium Anthony website, FoundryAnthony.com. Joey from Joey Pizzano. Joey. Joey. Pasta lunch specials. And of course everyone that called in including Dice and J. Moore and Stephen Lynch and Adam Farrar and Lewis Black. I'm sure I'm forgetting somebody. And of course the fine ladies from Privilege Anthony. Yes. 23rd Street and 11th Avenue. We had a great time there last night and we'll be back soon. Okay? Right. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for listening and we'll see you guys tomorrow. Bye. All right. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Anthony. Give Rockaway Bedding a call. Right. Alright. 1-800-TRY-A-BED. That's 1-800-TRY-A-BED.