 OP and Infinite. Brilliant radio I'd expect. Oh God! We are here, we are live. It's FU Friday. Yeah it is. Everyone else and their mothers have off today, but we are here to entertain you. Yeah. Adjusting my electronics here. Here we go. Ah, and it's FU Friday. Phone line 212-757-1027. I like this. This is what, Push Monkey I think? Fax line 212-957-9639. Ah, I'm all popped up on coffee man. So am I. Wow. So am I. Well the coffee is just to take the edge off. Is it OP? Is it maybe to perk you up to the normal level before you start doing your narcotics? Now that you're the new Elvis Presley? How many pills was Elvis up to before he dropped dead? Do you want me to get into this? I'll get into it. How many drugs is OP doing before the show? Alright, I'll get into this. Oh my God. Sandy, my girlfriend is convinced I'm like the new Elvis Presley. I'm a pill popper. A pill popper. It could be Elvis, Jerry Lewis, same thing, Chevy Chase, same thing. And it all starts with what's the pat excuse for when these people end up at the Betty Ford Clinic because they're doing all kinds of drugs. It all started with a little back pain. Absolutely. Remember Chevy? He was like, oh from all the pratfalls I did on SNL my back was F'd up. So I had to do like 20 percadans a day and follow it up with some Valium and 2-in-all and 2-in-all and Thorazine and whatever the hell else you want to pump in. I got a slight problem at home. Sandy is convinced I'm Elvis Presley at this point. Yeah. I mean, I've got to stress to everyone how ridiculous that statement is. I think I could do a better job stressing to people how ridiculous that is. Okay. We go out. OP barely tips a full beer. That's because I'm too busy popping pills. Popping pills. Well maybe that's fine. It doesn't go good with alcohol. It takes the edge off the smack. Now when I'm talking with OP and he's coherent, you could tell. I came over his house just the other day and told him to pull the needle out of his arm and we had a nice conversation. There you go. Now I mean, you're probably more paranoid than I am when it comes to taking pills or drugs or anything. Taking anything? I don't even take Benadryl because it F's me up, okay? Benadryl is like mescaline for me. If I take it, even the stuff that says non-drowsy, go and fly a commercial jetliner on this stuff. Who the hell farted? Jesus Christ! No, Ryan, stop it. Ben, was that you? Be honest. I didn't know I had this. Oh my God! I don't smell anything. I swear to God. I don't smell anything. Ben, you're the only person in the studio. What do you mean maybe you did? You did! I know you did! Maybe you did. Dude, you're two feet to the right of me and something just crawled out of your butt, man. Maybe I did. Oh! Dude, you got cranky ass, man. Oh! What, are you guys getting me back for being a bastard before the show? Oh my God! Ben, what do you mean maybe I did? If you get caught, you've got to be honest on this show. You know, I've heard some drugs. What, it just leaked out? Fixing the spots and then I don't know. And then you said it. I'm not even sure if you... Okay, some drugs affect the olfactory in the brain, the portion of the brain that... I didn't smell it though. ...is for your sense of smell. Maybe that's it. Ben reached up and next thing you know he let out a little poof. I swear. I'm not trying to... I didn't smell anything either. Because look, you're over there. I went into the protective duck and cover, put the shirt over my nose thing, but I didn't smell anything. I don't smell anything. Because it's your own fart, of course you're not going to smell it. I'm just saying... That's what it is. See, he's on the drugs, now he's freaking. Oh Ben, Jesus. It's alright, we all fart, but damn, not like right in my face. Anyway, where were we at? We were talking about your drug addiction. Oh yeah. Alright, we gotta take a break. Already? Yeah, we really do. I'm not... Don't fart! Oh no, Opie's freaking out. Psycho Mark came running in and pointed his ass at Opie. He goes through your... You one hit wonder? Get the hell out of here. One hit wonder. I didn't wonder! One hit wonder, come on! Come on! We are going to have fun tonight. Alright, listen. Go away. Alright, listen, listen, listen, listen. We have some great phone calls. I'll get into the Elvis Presley thing next, without a doubt. We just gotta take a really quick break, Anthony. Opie listens to all my Opie. We're supposed to get all our commercials in before 3. That's the only reason, okay? Yeah. We'll pick up the Elvis Presley story right after this. Stay there. This is your announcer Hugh Lungespecker saying... Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie... Anthony, Anthony, Anthony... We're obnoxious little assholes. 1027 WNEW. Hey, I think you said Anthony one more time than Opie in that sweep right there. Oh my god! Alright, it's the O&A show. 212-757-1027 and where were we before we were interrupted by a fart? Well, I think we were doing your intervention. Oh, that's right. Your brand new problem, narcotics. That's right. Sandy thinks I'm the new Elvis Presley. OPI's on the drugs. It starts out this way all the time. You hear the celebrities. It starts out with the Jerry Lewis. Back pain, oh. Hiya, back pain, oh. And before you know it, they're hooked. So now you've had a little back pain, Oprah. Well yeah, Anthony, I have. It hasn't been a little back pain. I threw out my whole band back on Monday to the point where it's really hard to walk. Today it feels much, much better. I see you walking very well today. Much, much better, but it's been a rough week to say the least. I've been very agitated, can't stand up straight. Like I'm bent over like a 65-year-old man. And it's just sucked. So you procured. Well, I got to back up. I had a certain procedure recently and I was sent home with some of the really, really tame valium, Anthony. How is that new vagina working? Oh, not that procedure. I'm sorry. I remember your eyes. So I had one left over from the procedure. Didn't even need it. Painless. No, it was the wimpy valium. It wasn't even the heavy duty stuff. The stuff that makes you a little sleepy. So I had one pill left over, right Anthony? And I was just saving it up for a great occasion. Sure, sure. I know you were debating on what to use it for. You were going to use it on the flight out to California. Correct. But you didn't use it. No. Because when it comes to drugs and alcohol, and nose, I'm a wimp. We'll do some of these road shows. Sure, I'll chug a few beers, I'll get a nice buzz. But in general, I don't partake that much. I think you could agree with me, right? Absolutely. When it comes to having colds or allergies, I don't really like taking the NyQuil or the Benadryl. It knocks me out bad. Yeah, don't even do that. But I had this valium. The valium. The big V. This one lousy pill, Anthony. Mother's little helper. It was a big deal in my house. Real big deal. Yeah. You know, I was always there like, ooh, the valium. I believe Sandy was checking every day wondering when I was going to take this one valium that just happened to be laying around the house from a leftover procedure there. So finally, I was really tired one weekend. I needed a little help, so I said screw it. Uh-oh. You know, like on a Saturday or something. I think that's what I used it for. All right? Yeah. So I did, no big deal. Finally got rid of all the valium in the house. It wasn't much to begin with. It was like two or three pills. Total. Now, now, you're out. I'm in trouble. We have some very faithful listeners, Anthony. Right. Very, very faithful listeners. Yes, that are willing to break some federal laws. Correct. Not saying what I'm about to say is true, but what the hell? Well, everything we do on here is some kind of a wacky radio bit. That's right, Anthony. This is no different. This is just a fabricated story for your entertainment based on nothing. There's no facts going out over here. This never even really happened. So let's just say a certain faithful listener heard that I was in some severe back pain. Yeah. And decided to maybe bring by enough valium to kill an elephant. Let's just say. Right. Okay? Yeah. Is that pretty close to the truth? Safe to assume. The truth as it would be here on this wacky, untruthful radio show. Right. I don't think we can take anything we say as real or truthful. Of course, it's entertainment purposes only. So I, being very paranoid about drugs in general, said there's no way I could take a full prescription bottle filled with valium home. No, you don't want that in your house. That's definitely how things get rolling on the road to being Chevy Chase or Jerry Lewis. Yeah. To the point where the entire staff here at the Eddie W's pissed at me that I didn't take the full prescription bottle and hand them out. Like they would take a tax. Psychomark was so pissed off at you. Right. So me being paranoid, I'm like, you know what? My back does hurt. This will help me sleep at night. Yeah. So I took a total of four and a half pills, Anthony. Four and a half. Four and a half. And a half. Not at once. No, no, no. This is what you took home with you. Yeah, because these were the heavy duty ones. These are like the 10 milligrams. These were butch in La La Land. Just one. All right. So I crashed in the city the other night and I took a half a pill. Out cold, woke up at 10. Woke up at 10 the next day completely drooling on myself. Half a pill. It allowed me to sleep. I didn't have to worry about the back pain. I was able to do a fine radio show with my pal Anthony. A miracle that is valiant. Okay. Okay. Yeah. That was Wednesday. We're now up to Friday. I still have four pills left. Four pills. So you took one half of a pill. One half of the pills. Okay. Right. Of the hundreds I could have had that I initially said, there's no way I could have this much. So now where does the scene come in where Sandy is mad at you to the point where it seems like she walked in on you while you were tying off and cooking your works. Yeah. She's convinced I'm the new Elvis Presley. So she was away for a few days and I was playing PlayStation last night. Sort of waiting up for her. Yeah. I'll get in trouble if I said I was waiting up for her because she knows I like to stay up late to play my PlayStation game there. Hot shots. Exciting hot shots. Where was she that she wasn't home? Oh. Story number 38. If you guys only know man. Well, do you want me to say? Sure. Where was she? Well, my girlfriend was driving your soon to be ex-wife to Boston to see her sick mom. Doesn't put me in an awkward situation whatsoever. In the car that Opie bought her. Right. Opie has more dealings with my soon to be ex-wife than I do. Right. How did you get sattled? My God. My God. Doesn't put me in an awkward position when I find out that my girlfriend's driving your soon to be ex-wife up to Boston. Right. I'm sure you're happy to hear something like that. Wasn't me. I'm just happy when it ain't me. So she got home last night around 1230. And she was all like, oh, I miss you, I miss you. Everything was like she was really, really in a good mood, right? Yeah. And I still had my overnight bag from staying in the city. And she usually goes through it. So I'm like, might as well just tell her I got some Valium. Oh, no. That's, that's, oh, I almost said it. That someone may have stopped by the station with. Allegedly. Allegedly. You're right. Immediately she's in a horrible mood. She's in a huff now because you are a drug-female. Right. Me and my four Valium pills that are now in this little prescription bottle. Now, let me tell you for how little you drink, Sandy drinks even less. Right. Sandy, barely a glass of wine on very rare occasions. Very health conscious, always at the gym. Right. No, no drugs there. She's getting better. She's up. She's up to a few glasses of wine now. Oh, yeah. We're getting there. Interesting. So I'm like, screw this. I'm just like, whatever. I just went to bed. Right. She comes upstairs and now we're having small talk and stuff. And actually things are getting okay again. I told her about the few days of radio we had, how much fun we've been having. Sure. I asked about her little trip to Boston. Everything's fine. Right. Now it's like 1.30. And do I stay up to 1.30 even on weekends? Not unless you have a brand new PlayStation game. Right. Or you're doing drugs. So I made the mistake of saying, boy, I'm really tired. Oh. It's 1.30 in the morning. 1.15, whatever. Gee, that is an ammo for a nice smart ass remark comeback. And the smart ass comment from Sandy was... Was? What, is the pill taking effect? Ah! Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha! You joke! Ha ha ha ha ha! She's riding me over four lousy Valium pills. And I didn't even take one last night. And I'll tell you the truth, I should have. I should have taken one last night. I should have taken one Thursday. But that's how paranoid I am. If I could have lifted my arm, I'd have smacked him. Ha ha ha ha ha! So now, like, she thinks I'm like the new Elvis Presley. That I'm a pill popper. Oh, stop. Oh, he's not taking them. He sees dealing. Ha ha ha ha ha! Why, he's only got four left? Ha ha ha ha! A lot of people are very pissed around here that I didn't take the full bottle, but... Very good, though, because that's how things start. Oh, yeah. That's how problems start. It's all very innocent. I don't think, like we were saying, Chevy Chase. I don't think he grabbed the full bottle of pills and just started popping them like Tic Tacs. Yeah. Starts like, oh, yeah, okay. Well, this will help, yeah? I got the back pain, but... No, I'm really a little leery about this. Pop one. Oh, the pain is gone. Oh, it feels good, too. Oh, it's coming back a little bit. Ha ha ha ha ha! Before you know it, you got any more of those? No. Do you really see me going that route ever? No, but I don't think, I think... See, I don't think anybody sees anyone going that route. Right. You know what I mean? It just happens. And before you know it... You're done. The fact is, I was too paranoid to take them last night or the night before. Hudson from Ocean Grove, New Jersey. Hey, Hope, the first step to recovery is admitting there's a problem. Yes. This is our little intervention show, where we have all of Opie's close friends and family tell him, No, Opie, you don't need it. You're worth more than that. You're somebody. Colonel Tom from Graceland checking in. Oh, that's how my buddy Elvis started. Just a wacky fan one day, fat bloated and dead the next. Say? I'm going to become the fat bloated Opie soon. I'm going to start coming in to work with those jumper suits on. How you doing? You're practicing kung fu moves in the hallway? With my big guy? Oh, no, mama. Feel my temperature rise. Thank you. Thank you very much. Wise men say... Only fools rush in. But I can't help... Falling in... With you. Oh, yeah. Come on, turn my blue suede shoes brown. A hunga hunga burning buck. A hunga hunga cranky ass. So that's my cute little story. Yeah, they don't want to find you bloated on the ball dead like they found Elvis. Big, big turd in the toilet bowl. Your dad. Hey, where are my banana and peanut butter sandwiches that I ordered a while ago, by the way? I added in the drunk part in lieu of cocaine. Whoever thinks they're dying of the books, it's always the cops. God, get me through this. I'll never do it again. Never, ever, ever do it again. Just let me see morning. If they find me like this, this is going to be so embarrassing. Oh, I got an acorn for a swede. I'm crapping. I'm naked. I got a tie around my neck. I'm hanging from the door. Okay, I'm feeling better. Feeling a little better. I think I'm going to make it through this one. Where did I leave the rest of that blow? That's definitely evil. Oh, man. Let's go to Deborah. Hi, Deborah. What's up? Hey, guys. How are you? Very good. I completely understand how you feel about pills. Last year, I got rear-ended and thrown across an intersection, and I hurt my back. They gave me two or three different types of muscle relaxers, Percocet, and anti-inflammatories. All my friends are like, give it to us if you're not taking it. I'm like, no, no, no. I'm paranoid. I'm paranoid. I took one Percocet and I bugged out. I went berserk. They had to arrest me at a hospital. Wow. Yeah. What happened? You just freaked? I just freaked out. I started hysterically crying, I'm going to die. I'm going to die. And they were just like, my mom took me to a hospital. They thought I OD'd. I'm like, I only took one because I can't even drink. If I have one drink, I'm buzzed. I have low tolerance to all drugs. Wow. All right, Deborah, thank you. You guys rock. All right. Bye. Bye. Someone giving you some sound advice. Hugs, not drugs. What are those sayings, or just say no. Alan, what's going on? Hey, listen, I just want you to learn one phrase, okay? Yeah. Let's see if you can repeat after me. Okay. Hi, I'm Opie and I'm an addict. Okay? You're an idiot. I'm going to send you some meeting lists. All right, thank you. Yeah. Thank you. You can take a couple of meetings. Yeah, you know. I've been clean now for a month. Come on. Feeling good. Listen. You can plaster those bumper stickers all over the back of your car. One day at a time. One day at a time. One day at a time. Easy does it. Just say no. You got to know your limits. Here's your brain. Here's your brain on drugs. Yeah. Thank you, Alan. Hey, can I get a shirt? We don't have it. Come on. We sold them for drugs. Yeah. Right. We're pawning everything. Hey, one for three, two for five. All right, Alan, thank you. One for three, two for five. Right? I thought I saw you in Washington Square Park. Yeah, that was me. Hey, one for three, two for five. Trips? Trips? Trips. Come on, guys. All right, Alan. Give me a solid. Thank you. We really don't have any. We're going to have some shirts in the springtime. All right. Which means any other, any week now. You got it. All right, man. All right, bye-bye. Bye. Someone's saying we ought to rename the show The Train Spotting in Anthony Show. All right, so I'm going into the fat opie stage. Yeah. Jumpsuits, really bad sunglasses. A big beer belly. I've got to start dating 14-year-olds now, too. We'll be back with opie behind the music. All started with a back pain. Back pain. Suddenly, his world went into a tailspin. When we return, opie hits rock bottom but finds a way to climb back. And he meets Anthony for the first time. In 10 years. He's putting out a new album. There's Anthony sitting at a picnic table. Hey, man. You know, we had something going in New York and you screwed it up with the drugs. Right. Now I'm in a wheelchair. Man, we had it going, brother. Right. What did you do, man, with the drugs? I'm sorry, man. And when we return, their first show together after opie's battle with addiction. The show is at some tiny little radio station in like Akron, Ohio. Hi, guys. I just want to say opie, you're brave and you're a hero and you should be looked up to. Thank you, man. Thank you. The show blows monkey ass. And like, just call saying how cool you are. By kicking the truck behind the music. So I figured I'd share today. There you have it. When we return. Opie and Anthony back together on the radio after opie's addiction to drugs. Hey, how you doing? W-E-Z-E. Real son. Here in Phoenix, Arizona, the Opie and Anthony show. 540 a.m. on your dial. It's your Arizona sound. Opie and Anthony trying to rebuild our careers after opie's drug addiction. That one worked, Rick. Time is two in the morning. We're doing overnight. All right. All right. Oh, look at that one. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I learned it from you, Opie, OK? I learned it from you. All right. We got to take a break, Anthony. Proud to say I'm drug free today. It's been two days. It's been two days. Two days. Opie, Play-Doh. Two and a half days. Opie in the role of Dana Play-Doh. No, no, whatever. It's such a wimp. I didn't even take the full pill when I was in town. Half. What did you cut it in half with? What? Did you crunch it up in a little spoon like Mommy did with the St. Joseph's baby aspen? I took my stupid nails, like, and cut it in half. That's how paranoid I was. I'm such a wimp. Yeah, he has the big long coke fingernail. That's funny. All right, we got to regroup. Enough of that. It's stupid. It's syndication now, man. We're back together. Yeah. It's 2008. Hey, 212-757-1027. Anne Marie standing by. She's got, like, a little review of the filter show from last night. Facts to line if you want to send in an FU. 212-957-9639. We'll be back. This is debauchery mania. Prostate exams for everyone. 1-1-1-0-2-7-W-N-E-W. I'll tell you something. If I get hit with any straight things that are being thrown at anybody for any reason, I'm going to lose my mother-effing mind. You know how it is. I go crazy. Don't like being hit with straight objects. That's why I don't throw things, because I don't want to be hit with things. Thank you. I've spoken my piece. Psycho Mark and I have a war going on. Yeah, there's something going on. There's a lot of tension. I'm loaded with CDs that we no longer play here at NW. One went sailing and just missed his head. Let's go to Anne Marie. Hey. What's up, Anne Marie? I went to the Sopha Show last night. How was it? Awesome, man. Yeah? Yeah. My friend got tickets from another radio station. We'll mention the name. All right. And I was like, hey, you want to go to the show? She was like, yeah, okay. So first thing I think was Snake River Conspiracy. They were pretty good. Uh-huh. And Lucas was like, I'm going to go to the show. Uh-huh. And they suck. That was, you know, okay terrific between songs. You've got to give a Veruca Salsa break. They're really forming that damn band. Yeah. I don't like them that much. They're so pick and they just awesome. All right, cool. I'm right next to the speaker. My ear's still ringing. Filter definitely rocks. We want to thank those guys for stopping by the show earlier. Yeah, it was cool. Richard Patrick and Gino. Yeah, he's talking balls of water out into the crowd. Cool. Well, I'm glad you enjoyed the show, Anne Marie. Yeah. Well, thank you. Okay, bye. All right, bye. Let's go to Chris real fast. Chris, what's going on? What's going on? How are you? I went to the 50's show last night. It sucked. It sucked? It sucked. They suck. They don't suck. They all suck. You suck. They, so they all suck. Let's play Stone of Stoneby. All right. Okay. Hey. Thank you, Chris. Bye-bye. There was your 15 minutes of fame. Bye-bye. Uh, Bridget from Make Bridget Cry and of course Bridget was in a few days ago. She got waxed for the first time in the other studio. How are you, Bridget? Hey, guys. Hi, Bridget. Hi, Bridget. How are you? What's bothering you today? Um, not, I'm sorry to make you repeat yourself. Can you say what happened on Tuesday, please? Um. I missed it. First get your tape rolling. No, I wouldn't do that. Uh, nothing happened on Tuesday, Bridget. Why? What are you hearing? Yeah, what, what, what's the problem? Please just tell me. Why? What did you hear? We want to know what you heard. You can't, you seem to be a little upset. Just what's on the studio board. I, I came, oh, just tell me please. To tell you if we actually saw your patch? No, just, just tell me what happened. You should have told me when I was there. That, that would have been so much better than reading it on a studio board. What is, what did the studio board say about your waxing? It's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's I might have put some erroneous information on there. I don't know, maybe I might have heard wrong, you know. All right. Well, I mean, I hope Bridget calls back. We'll tell her the truth. Yeah, I mean, you know, you guys are truthful. I don't think you'd be hiding anything because you're truthful on this show and if anything was going on, you would come out and say it. There you go. Hey, Paisano's Great Lunch Specials. Ah, there you go. How are you guys? Bridget's calling back. All right, let's get Bridget on here. Come on. I hear you crying. Bridget. What? What's wrong? Bridget. Bridget, are you crying? Yes. Oh, that didn't take too long. Bridget, don't cry. Bridget, no one taped you. There's no videotape of you naked. There's no pictures of you naked. I knew that could have happened, but that's not what I was pissed about. I left there. I had a great two days thinking, you know, Opie, you told me people were emailing and then they were going out again. Why am I shy? Don't worry about it. You're freaking out. There's nothing for you to be concerned about. Nothing happened because we have a bunch of retards that work for our show. That's the only reason. But anyway. It's okay. I wish you would. What? I wish you would have told me then. Bridget, I could tell you. I could have stuck up for myself or something. Bridget, I could tell you there is no video of you naked. None. That's not even the point. Huh? That's not even the point. Well, what's the point? What's the point? That's what you're worried about and paranoid about and I'm telling you. No, because if there is, there's nothing I can do about it. There isn't. There is nothing of you. There's no videotape existing of you. Don't worry. I'm not. Any videotape that is of you, you have consented to out in the waiting room or whatever. I know. That's, that's. Don't you worry. I don't know how else to tell you there is no video of you naked. Bridget, as you were getting your waxing. That's fine. It's not the point. Okay. What's the point? What's the point? That we didn't tell you what? That two days later we were going to get on the air and say that we had videotaped you? We were going to tell you that two days before we didn't even know. We made up the story. Right. Brian, what's going on? No, we don't. I got a big F you going on to YouTube. Why? Because you guys got videotaping. You're not sharing. We don't have video. Bridget. Oh, come on. We don't have video. No, you guys are wrong. All right, Brian. Bye. Bridget, do not listen to what Brian just said. We do not have any video of you. How many times have you cried on this show, Bridget? I've cried a lot. I've cried a lot. I've cried a lot. I've cried a lot. I've cried a lot. I've cried a lot. We don't have video of you. How many times have you cried on this show, Bridget? At least three or four times. Jay, what's going on? Jay, I just copped some video on her. What do you mean? On the 42nd, I saw in the video. Oh, no. Yeah, she's not a virgin. I could see that. Why you guys said she was a virgin? There's no video. Hey, Bridget. Yeah? You getting any stubble yet? All right, you guys suck. No. No? All right. You want to ... So do you believe us? No. You have to believe us. Yeah. Well, fine. I don't believe you, but ... We have no video of you. Do you remember one of the ladies closing the cabinet? No. Just asking. Do you? Yeah, we do. Yeah, we do, no. Tell me about her closing the cabinet. What? Tell me about her closing the cabinet. What happened? You guys suck. What happened? All I can say is she just wanted to get comfortable and she closed the cabinet before she started waxing because I guess the cabinet was in her way. That's all I'm trying to say. So what did you see? Huh? What did you see? Nothing. Nothing? Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. What did you see? Nothing. What did you see? Nothing. Bridget. Bridget. What? We are messing with you. What, Anthony? What? Don't you think if we had done something like that, that we would have told you right after you got out of the room? I would think so. It took us two days to think, oh, if we would have had a camera in there, we could have taped her. And then, oh, let's say that we taped her. No, no. See, that's why it's lame because you waited two days to say it. Yeah, well, what? We didn't think of it when you were still here. Whatever. Bridget. What? There's no tape of you naked. Don't worry. I'm not. And you could shut your little tape recorder off. That's so tacky. Yeah, it is tacky. You're dealing with a lot of lawyers. That's not my problem. Don't push that at me. Then why would you try to get us to repeat something? You're paranoid. Why would you try to get us to repeat something? Right. Bridget. I wouldn't do that. I swear. Well, you are doing that. You're saying, tell me what you said. I was trying to figure out what you guys said yesterday that made that go on the studio board. Not like repeat it so I can tape it, repeat it so I was there. I wanted to at least hear what you said yesterday. I wanted to know what happened. Nothing. With the cabinet closing. Nothing happened. Nothing happened. Nothing happened. Nothing happened, Bridget. Okay. That is the God's honor. I don't believe you, but I'm going to hang up now. No, that's the God's honest truth. That's fine. There is no naked video of you. Nothing happened. Don't have to worry. Okay. Okay, guys. All right. Bye. Bye, Bridget. Bye, Bridget. For Make Bridget Cry. You've seen Opie? Wait a minute. I have to teach you something. Okay. Let me let me teach you a little something. Deny deny deny. There is no tape. I don't know what you're talking about. There wasn't a camera. There was not a cigar. Why is everyone running out of the studio? Unbelievable. All right. There is no tape. Now squirm in your seats. Come on, squirm and deny. Two, three, four, deny. Two, three, four, deny. Looking good, people. Get fit for deception with Bill Clinton's lies of steel. All right, people. Lie, lie, lie. When your bold-faced lies go bad and you're feeling the burn, Bill feels your pain and unwanted sincerity and unsightly self-respect. And you'll lose more than that. Just listen. I used to have a lot of trust and credibility, but not anymore. The second I put in the Bill Clinton workout video, that all went away. Lies of steel. It shrinks accountability in just four short hours. But wait, there's still more. Listen to this special offer. Order my four-hour videotape, lies of steel, and get the joy of phone sex absolutely free. Lies of steel. All right. Smirk. One, two, three, smirk. A spooch production. Deny, deny, deny. Hopi and Anthony. Anthony, Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Yes, it works. People have been losing weight with Stacker 2. We love them. And you don't want to be a big fatty, do you? No, not with the beautiful weather outside. God, April sucks. April sucked last year, too. April showers bring me... Stacker 2, world's strongest fat burner. 45 minutes after taking it, you'll feel its effects. Or your money back. How about that? Take a Stacker 2. How about that? Fat burning capsule, 45 minutes, or your money back. How about that? Eat what you want, still lose weight. No more midday cravings. The pitch high and wide for ball two. Stacker 2 takes care of that. That's right, enough already. Don't be the only one wishing they were thin. Be a loser before the summer. Stop eating and get the body you always wanted. The swing and a miss for Stacker 2. Start now. You'll have... You know, we need a new copy for this. Be a loser before the summer. Stop eating and get the body you always wanted. Start now and have it by spring. What's today's date? I told Lisa, she's mad at us because we brought it up on the air ready that we need new copy. She wants us to improvise. She wants you using characters every day when we do the Stacker 2 read, Anthony. Okay. So I'll improvise. Start now and you'll have it by summer. Very good. Look, I improvised the words spring for summer. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Obviously the people writing the copies, the copy has to take Stacker 2. So they have some energy to write some new copies. I'm glad you're saying it because he was so pissed at me when I said it the other day. Well, I think you know what the deal is. You got to lose weight, Stacker 2. Build lean muscle, Stacker 2. Cut the cravings, Stacker 2. And give you the boost to energy. Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Give them a call, 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Fran is 84 years old. Rick, you cannot have oral sex with Fran. I'm sorry. No anal is okay. Brainwreck Radio. The O.B. and Anthony Show. 1027 WNEW. Yeah. Anthony, did you hear who's coming to town? Santa Claus just announced. Oh. Could be the show of the summer to see. Stone Temple Pilots and the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Fishbone. Rock. All together this summer playing the PNC Arts Center July 31, Jones Beach on August 12. Hopefully we'll have tickets after that show to give away a little later on. Mics. In the spring and early summer, right? Yeah. A lot of great shows starting to shape up, matter of fact. We were talking about the Metallica show. Yeah. Did you hear this lineup for Giant Stadium? Metallica, Korn, Kid Rock, Power Man 5000, System of a Down. Hey, there's one to bring the kids to. July 20 at Giant Stadium. That's going to be absolutely huge. Where are they going to have the human sacrifice? Midfield? Probably, right? Right around where Jimmy Hoff is buried. Yeah. Yeah. Paige and the Crows coming back to town. You got the Ozfest, which is a great lineup too. And others. There you go. But the big news, Stone Temple Pilots, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Fishbone, PNC Arts Center July 31, Jones Beach, August 12. Hopefully we'll get more bands on the Opie and Anthony show in the near future, Anthony. Yeah. We did well with Filter this week, right? Yes. What are you pointing at? Oh, Mike? Yeah. Hello, hello, hello. Hello. Hey, what's up? Hey, guys. How's it going? What's up? Who's this? It's Mike. I just had a couple things to say about the Don and Mike. I thought it was Mike. No. Some people were calling Don and Mike up and telling them that you guys have a really bad mouth on them and vice versa. I heard that. I heard that on my way home the other night. And as far as, I was listening to them the day that they actually sent those cannolis over to you. Yeah. And they knew right from the bat, they said, ah, they'll think it's from us. And they were doing it as a joke. Right. So they weren't trying to reuse them or anything like that. Now we know. So many people are trying to get you guys against them. Yeah, I know. That's what it is. Because I heard a caller the other night say that, hey, Opie and Anthony are saying bad things about you. And I'm driving to my car. I'm like, what did we say? I'm talking radio like an idiot. Yeah. Like, what did we say? It didn't happen. I go to the store and I think I can talk to the caller. Oh, shut up. Hang up on him. Yeah. There's a lot of sarcasm when we do our radio show. Of course. They're broadcasting two studios away from us right now. They're in New York again. Yeah. We can get them on the phone. I just enjoy listening to them. And obviously, I've been listening to you guys for a long time. I think we'll talk to them a little later. That'll be good. We abused them last week because we did send them a couple hot strippers with some alcohol. Some Cristal Champagne. Cristal Champagne. And welcome them to New York. And then we did abuse them because they sent back used cannolis. Yeah. You know, that isn't a bashing thing. No, but as far as being bashed back and forth between them, I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. I think it's a good thing. the Maybe you won't go to the Palm, but you've got to go somewhere with them and sit down on a decent level. The Palm? The Palm. I know. Well, they invited us to the Palm, which is a... Too much. Yeah, it's over the top, Ritzy, for A-9. Can I go to the Palm? Maybe we can bring in our big boss and I can sit down and get to know them better and maybe they will like me. Go to Spaz's credit card. Yeah, there you go. I think that's bit of the week, by the way. Spaz's credit card. I think we're going to replay it at five. Instead of doing Spaz's weekend review, we're going to take a break from that this week. Guys, thanks very much. All right, Mike, thank you. All right, take it easy. All right, bye. A lot of people convinced we have a damn video of Bridget. Jesus. We put our candid camera in the studio as Bridget was getting waxed. Laugh along as she thinks the waxer is a professional when indeed it is our own Fanny Flang. Don't be surprised if sometimes, somewhere, someone steps up to you and says, hey, I saw your gants on the video that I bought on eBay from the Owen Angel. There is no video. You know, but see, people just, you know, they just are convinced because they know us by now. Say it enough and it is true. There is no video. And we can say it until we're blue in the face and our damn listeners will not believe us. There is no video. Again, I'm going to be very sincere. Okay. Stop making me laugh. Okay. There is no video of Bridget naked. Okay. Right. Your turn. The listeners will believe. We'll believe. Okay. Okay. There is no video. Okay. There is no video. Okay. There is no video. Okay. There is no video. Okay. There is no video of Bridget naked. There you go. Virgil, Virgil. You guys believe us, right? Oh, you're very naughty. Hey, you going to say hi to your friend, Fudd or what? Hey, Fudd. Look at that. My buddy, Fudd. That's right. It's like a goddamn flop house in here every day. Phil Brady, Joe Groen in yesterday, my brother and now Fudd. Rose's Society of Wandering. Well, that's the entire band, I think. Hey, Fudd, did you bring in a Columbine Soarin' today? No. Oh, no. Oh, no. All right. Are you playing in that mess tomorrow night with the ass? Yeah, I'll be behind the key, boys. I will be tickling the ivory. Yeah. Sergeant Peppers over there in Huntington, East North Port, whatever it is. On Jericho Turnpike. Mm-hmm. Opie showing up? I will be there, yes. Oh, yeah? You will? Yes, I'll be there, Anthony. Support my pal. Am I going to be like the poor little kid that's putting on the third grade play that's looking squinting his eyes over the lights for his parents out there in the crowd? Or will Opie be up front, beaming? I'll be there. What if you call me on stage? If you call me on stage to try to sing like you've done in the past, I will run out of the place. I would never do that. You have done that. We have tape of you singing. Why would we want to bring you up to sing? You made me go on stage once to try to sing with you. A little backup. Yeah, a little backup. Don't you play some of the skins? Don't you do a little drumming? I will not be performing tomorrow night. Here, here's one of the songs that I think you've rehearsed. Okay? Yeah! You ass. I hate this. Doing the best I ever did. Oh, boy. Doing the best that I can. All right, listen. Listen, foot, don't laugh so hard. Yes, sir. That was a horrible thing you did, Ann. So, Sergeant Peppers tomorrow night, we'll all be there. Ouch! Yeah, super fly. Supporting Anthony's cover band. Don't feel bad, Opie. Don't feel bad, Opie. You've got to hear me sing like the Linda McCartney of the band. Dude, are you inviting all the high school students? Dude, you know what this is? I'm just messing with you. This is a bunch of us drunks getting together and just blowing out some tunes, having some fun. This isn't as serious, hey man, you know, we're trying to get signed, man. No, we're just going to... That was the rock of years. We're just going to drink and blow out a couple of tunes, hopefully, on key. Cool. See what happens. I'll meet a few people down there. Did you hang up posters all over Huntington? No, no. It's not like that. It's not like the old, put some flies, man. How many times did we get into arguments with Joe, my brother Joe? My brother Joe was like the biggest, most serious... We got to get this band going thing when we were with Rockut, really trying to make an effort at getting something going. We'd have these ridiculous meetings. Before you go on, because you guys downplayed it. I mean, Rockut was really, really good. Yeah, I think we got some play overseas and then had the luck. You had a nice following and I'm serious, you guys were ahead of your time. The luck factor was not there and luck is a big thing when it comes to making it in music. So we'd have these inane meetings with Joe about, yo man, who's coming with me to pass the flyers out? We're going this Saturday night, 10 o'clock, we're going to hit all the clubs. Joe, it's Saturday night, we've got lives and stuff. You're not into it, man. You're not into it. Fine. I'm not even going to deal with this anymore. I'm making a go with this. Flyers, what has a flyer in a windshield ever done for a band? Do you think any band was made or broke on flyers in the windshield? Guys, if you're in bands right now and you're sticking flyers in the windshield, you're wasting your frigging time. Well, the worst thing was Joe assigning me and Ant to flyer detail. He gave us 500 flyers, we go down the street, we throw them in the pail, hit a bar, we come back and say, did you get rid of them? Yep. Like we're supposed to pass them out, to hand them out to people on the street. I can't see you doing that ever. Dude, it was ridiculous. We took the whole pile, threw it in the garbage, hit a bar, an hour later we're like, woo, yeah, game all away. Oh, tang. But the way you make it is by playing and getting the right people to see you. If it doesn't happen, handing out flyers ain't going to do it. No. Vinnie wants to know where Sergeant Peppers is. Vinnie! Yeah, what's up guys? Hey. Yeah, where exactly is Sergeant Peppers? Jericho Turnpike between Elwood Road and Lockfield Road on that strip there. What time are you going to be there Saturday night? I don't know, 10 o'clock. I believe it's going to be a packed haves. Yeah, it's going to be packed. Oh, good, because if I get a chance, maybe I'll pop down with a few buddies. Cool, man. Thanks, Vinnie. Good luck if I don't make it. All right. Yeah, it's the first time you guys have gigged in a while, huh? Oh yeah, we don't practice or anything. Hey, don't expect much. I'm going to hopefully break out the Christina Aguilera set and really wow the people with that one. Are you going to be wearing a belly shirt? Yes, and then we're going to do some NSYNC songs, some Backstreet Boys. We worked on the moves. All right, listen, you know, we've got to play the Columbine song. Oh, the last time. Oh no. This song came in yesterday, Anthony's brother Joe, Cowbell Bill, and Anthony's sister. Yes, Dawn making her song parody debut. A lot of people in shock over this next song you're about to hear, Anthony. Yeah, I know. I don't think it glorified the shooting whatsoever. You tell me this song glorifies the shooting and I'll shoot. No, I'll beat you over the head. It doesn't. It kind of just is a little chronicle of what happened a year ago. The tragedy of Columbine. But did he have to do it to the Patty Duke theme? Well, the Patty Duke theme does make it a little wacky, but hell, it's a comedy show, not CNN over here, okay? All right. You know, go to CNN for dick joke. Don't come here for the news. Understand? That's our new motto, isn't it? Let's play it. Here it is, okay? All right. All right. Here's Dylan Moonlight and M16 with high capacity magazines. But Eric liked to build a mountain base in Allen Middleton. What a crazy band. They were killers. Yes, iconic villains all the way. Shout out their school in Trench Coast one year ago today. While Dylan picked out a chocolate stick and F8 juice on religious chip. Eric goes out of control and chugging up some baby goals. What a couple of pricks. They were killers. Yes, iconic villains and your friends. They left the light. They walked the light. They must have been hung up too tight. And they took their own lives. They were killers. Who's that columnar? The Opie and Anthony Show. Prone men jumping all over each other. Okay, terrific. One eight, two seven, seven one. It's like a Mark Gordon litty. Where are my plumbers? There was no time. There's Mitchell. I will not turn anything over to judge. I know who wants the tapes. Those lousy Jews. All right, let's move on with the damn radio show. Goddamn. Are we getting any faxes for this FU Friday? Henry, Henry, they want the tapes. Well, you have to give them the tapes, Mr. President. But I can't, I have to deny any tapes of any foreign girl gas. Well, she was here on the official business for a vaccine. Nothing could explain these tapes. They don't exist. Henry, you got to get me out of trouble. Let me say this about that. Where's litty? Litty and the rest of the plumbers. Oh my God. This place is hysterical. I love working here. This isn't the real world, is it? It's an adventure a minute. Hey, Liz, what's going on? Hi. Hi. I want to know what Sandy said about you going to the basketball game. Oh, yeah, my big Nick game on Sunday. I'm blowing off Easter, blowing off two families to go to the Nick game. Yes, playoffs against the Toronto Raptors. Who the hell is going to guard Vince Carter? Yeah, I'm going and to be honest with you, Sandy was cool about it. She was? She was very cool about it. She was kind of trying to figure out how she could get out of brunch too. Really? No, I got to give her credit. She was very cool about it. I wish there was a bit here like she wasn't, but no, she said go, have fun. All right, guys, love you. I was kind of a drag because I was hoping there was a confrontation where it gave us 20 more minutes of radio today. But no, I will be at the Nick game Sunday instead of celebrating Easter. All right. With all the Jews. Thanks. All right, let's thank you. All the Jews. I will not lose my presidency over Bridget Gate. Bridget Gate. Bill from CNN is on the line. Bill, what's up? Gentlemen, how are you this afternoon? Bill from CNN. Yes. All right. Yes, we were thinking. We heard your song about the Columbine incident. Yes. I thought it was quite interesting. I was thinking about sending a correspondent like maybe, hmm, I could send JC Ferraro down? No, you don't want him. He's gay. Hmm, let me think. Hmm, I could send a good correspondent. He's kind of short, kind of dopey. No, no, no, that would be sped. Let me think. Maybe an Al Zest. Yeah, yeah. No, no, he's a dork. Hey, where's this going, Bill? The damn good question there, Anthony. It started off well. Oh, yeah. Good thing we don't tape these phone calls. Oh, by the way, could you repeat what you said yesterday so that we could have an accurate report of it? I said nothing. We said nothing. Oh, okay. Telly-ho, diamond dust. All right, Bill, thank you. Who's deep-throat? And you know how you said it's never boring. Damn the Washington Post. You know how you said it's never boring around here? Yeah. I got to explain to management that the only reason we're in radio is because we never wanted real jobs. Yeah. But they're making radio more into a real job every day. True. When there's 401K plans and dental, you know, when radio first started it was just a bunch of hippie smoking dope. Now, which side of yes you want to play now? Right. You know, it was in the DJ's hands. There was never a guy walking around with a tie or anything. Play lists. Play lists. It was just a bunch of guys that, you know, had no desire to be in the real world, wanted to spin some tunes, you know, get the best pot available and then that's it. Right. But radio has become so damn corporate it's not even funny. We have business meetings, staff meetings. Big business. 401K plans, retirement plans we have to go over, all this crap. We have to go see people in human resources. Human resources. It's a radio station. I need an arm. That's a human resource. Could you spare a foot? That was human resources. You know, maybe for your job it's normal but a radio station should not have a human resource department. It's just a bunch of immature like third graders running around. We should have a drug dealer, not a human resource center. We're here because we were irresponsible in our regular occupations. Yeah, but they scare us. I mean, every day it's getting more and more corporate, more and more people walking around with suits. Yeah. You know? I'd say hide it in the hallway. More levels of management. There's a whole management hierarchy now in radio. It's just getting out of hand. Insane. Well, the latest memo, Ann, I got in my hand. Yeah. Let me read a little bit of this one. You guys are going to laugh. To the WNEW programming staff from Jeremy, who's our immediate boss. Yes. Referring the sexual harassment videotape. Wow. I don't know about that. Doesn't exist? Videotape. Where's Archibald Cox? Hey, some last name you have, Archibald Cox. Now, Gabriel's pissed because he works in human resources. Gabriel, what's up? Hey. Hey. Gabriel. There you go. Hey. There's your human resource. What's up? I'm the human resource. If you want to know what we do, I can tell you what we do. What do you do? We help you keep your butt clean. We keep you legally out of trouble and we listen to you gripe all the time. That's what we do. Hi, Ann. Yeah. I have no clue still what they do. Yeah. Even with your explanation. We have never met the human resource lady here at the station. We've been here two years because she doesn't like our show. I'm convinced of that. Well, you need to. Stop fighting. It's probably very nice. No, thank you. She's very advocacy. That shit's the one that's going to fight for you to get a raise. She ain't fighting for my raise. Shut up. Hey, I do it all the time. All fighting for a raise. Get out of here. She has nothing to do about us and our raises. Another person with a job with an overblown sense of worth. Everyone thinks their job is like the big frigging thing like when they try to, like human resources. If it wasn't for us, you wouldn't be working. Shut up. Hey, I didn't say you don't help my job a lot, but you've got to give us credit. I don't want to help your job and I don't want you to help mine. I don't even know what a human resource is. I believe it's a made up job today. It is. It is. All those corporate jobs that fell through the cracks and should have been eliminated. Oh, okay. Well, I'm sure you'll say that whenever you guys get into a legal issue and you've got to call legal and HR to get your butt out of it. In five years, I've never had to see a human resource person. Gabriel, wake up. And we've been in trouble before. We have corporate lawyers we deal with. We don't deal with a human resource lady. Well, human resource is also partners with your corporate lawyers. So whether or not you state you are or not, we are helping you. You know what human resources is like? Probably like your mom. When you're in trouble at school and you've got to take your mom there. That's what it is. It's not really getting a good defense. It's your mom trying to get you out of trouble. Oh, okay. Thank you, Gabriel. Thank you, Mom. Bye. You know what I would do? I'd call the human resources department right now. Put them to work. Look, we need new chicks. Mark, what's going on? Do something for the show. We need you girls to drop hot wags on today. Hey, what's up, guys? Hi, Mark. Run with it. How are you doing? Good. I think you're, you know, love to show big fan and everything, but I hope you're crying a little bit. I mean, you guys got a great gig. I'd kill for your job. This is the best job in the world. We understand. No, yeah, Mark, don't misunderstand us here. We understand we have a great, we don't even call it a job. I mean, we love what we do, but it's getting ridiculous how they're trying to make it into like real work. That's what, you know, makes us paranoid. They're coming after me, Henry. Real work sucks. I agree. I mean, you can have my job. I mean, I work for an oil refinery. It sucks. Wow, cool. When stuff blows up. When stuff blows up. Yeah. Yeah. We haven't had that happen yet, but you know, there's always possibility. Hi, Mark. Hey, take it easy, guys. Thank you. I know. I was in construction for many years and, God damn it, this job rocks. Well, this is just, this is just funny. This memo was in our mailbox today. I mean, if you know the show, you'll see where the humor is. Okay. This is a memo referring the sexual harassment videotape, Anthony. Yes. The company has adopted a zero tolerance policy for sexual harassment. To educate us on this policy, the company has produced a 30 minute video. All of us are required to view this video and to sign a piece of paper acknowledging that we have viewed and understood the contents of that video, Anthony. Yes. The video, I'll warn you now, is boring and badly acted. Well-intentioned volunteers instead of professional actors. Right. And are these, this was made strictly for this company? Yeah. With volunteers from the company? Probably. Why didn't they choose us? Right. How did they act in that one? Hey, baby. Nice ass. You know, you're just walking around the cubicles. Hey. Hey. Nice gass. It's not proper for Anthony to touch the girls' gass. Yeah. All of a sudden, he's coming and starts tuning in Tokyo. Hey, baby. You just. All I can do is. Yeah. Yeah, you look a little moist. All I have to do is get some video tape from our show. They didn't have to make a video. You know? I've got to see the video now just to laugh because I'm sure it's just the guy around the water cooler and various examples of sexual harassment. Yeah. Anyway, they say the video is boring, badly acted, but its message is clear and important. You got that memo I was talking to you about, Christine? Please? Okay. Now just squat on my face. That's it. That's what I'm talking to. The memo goes on and says, tempting as it might be to poke fun, you must take its message seriously. Seriously. Can you see? I'm going to go see this video after all. I've blown it off the last few years, but this year I'm going. We all are going to sit in the front row. It's going to be me, you, Rick, Psycho Mark, Ben, Spaz, and Stinky. We should bring popcorn. Yeah, we should bring popcorn and soda. You sit next to a girl that works for the company and cut the bottom of the popcorn out and stick your... You know how you do that old gag? You put your junk through the bottom of the popcorn box and you laugh. You want some popcorn? Oh, thank you. What is that? You should make your popcorn butter. Yeah. I'll bring in a six pack of beer. Anyway, it says at WIW we have some unique issues. Oh? Some things that might happen on air in the course of our shows remain acceptable. Yes, we can say to a girl that walks into the studio, let me rub your ass. Right. But you can't do that upstairs in the offices. Right. However, off air, in our business environment, we are all subject to the company policy. Please see me if you have any questions or concerns about what behavior is acceptable. I want to know if it's acceptable that we sit in our office with the door open, girls right outside, two feet away, and we yell the C word. Every third word out of our mouths is the C word. I have people that ask me, I don't know how you don't curse on the air every day. Because off the air, every other word out of my mouth is the F word. Every word in between that is the C word. Right. I'm just FC, FC, FC all day. So there you have it. We have to go see a sexual harassment video, Anthony. Sexual company policy. Screening of the video now, Monday, 11 a.m. 10th floor conference room, Tuesday, at 9.30. Welcome to Movie Phone, the sexual harassment video, Tuesday, 9.30. Yeah. Our company has adopted a zero tolerance policy for sexual harassment. To educate us on this policy, Infinity has produced a 30 minute video. 30 minutes of hot, steamy sexual harassment. Everyone must come to the screening. We'll be seated, boy, girl, boy, girl, so we can grope each other's crotch areas during the hot, steamy sexual harassment video. Starring Anna Maul as the harassed bitch, and Ron Jeremy as the boss. See Ron Jeremy ask his secretary if she takes oral dictation. Oh. And as the new temp employee, Peter North. You haven't seen sexual harassment like you'll see in the new sexual harassment video. 30 minutes of hot, steamy sexual harassment produced by Infinity Broadcasting. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Oh, you're very naughty ass. See Dr. Zachary Smith harasses young employee. Oh dear. Get me that file, young hairless boy ass. Let's see this. Oh yeah. See me with any questions concerning what behavior is acceptable. So we got to see this one, is it Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday? Oh, you know what the conference room is like, too. It's kind of small. We're all going to be laughing. It's just going to be a big joke. Is anyone going to sit there and take notes? Oh, God. Do you think there's going to be, if somebody whips out a notepad, I'm going to sexually harass them. There's always one nerd you work with that will do that. We'll take notes, Anthony. First person pulls out a notepad, loves snot to the back of the head. There's your note. Do we have better things to do with our time around here? And the 35 minute director's cut. I get there in 20 minutes early and put another video in. Tape over it. Hey Mike, what's up? Hey guys, how are you doing? I'm good. You know what I mean, I'm the headhunter. I lost the money. I deal with human resource people every day. They do absolutely nothing. Nothing. What they are is just a buffer for the higher ups in case they have sexual harassment. But I've been working in this business for 15 years. I can tell you stories, turn your hair gray. You talk about sexual harassment, their CEO is chasing women around their desk, locking them in the conference room and chasing them around the desk. This day. Oh yeah, a smashy. Well thank you Mike. Alright guys. Alright, bye. Hey! So we're looking forward to that I guess, huh? Yeah. The sexual harassment video. The sexual harassment video. Okay. Monday, when are you going? You go Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday? We should go Monday. We've got to all go at the same time. We have to. Monday is too early. There'll be a scream. I'm going to sit there. I love the movies. Captain Kara! Captain Kara! I got something on the back of your head. Sorry Mr. Vaughn. Movies. Randy's on the line. Randy! Yo, how you doing? Hey! I've got a quick suggestion for your sexual harassment movie. Yeah? Or if you bring your girlfriends and make out during it. Dress them up like employees. Yeah, there you go. Dress them up like secretaries. Hey baby, I'll bend you over the file cabinet. Hey Anthony, I'll probably see you tomorrow down there at Peppers. Alright Randy. Okay. Later man. Bye, bye. Bye, Rev. Yeah, bend the employee. I'll bend you over the file cabinet. That's the best way to watch it. I want to know if it's even relevant in this atmosphere, like for us. Is it? I don't know. Should people even be working on this floor if they have a concern about sexual harassment off or on the air? You guys don't even know the stuff that goes on outside that studio door. Yeah. Why do you think they had to paint the walls of the studio and the offices in the hallway? Spunk. Jesus. Alright, we're out of our minds today. Ouch. Hey baby. Let me lube that up. That's a good porn shot. That's the prison shot. That's when you know you're going to get it in the laundry room. When Bubba behind you goes. Ouch. That's the prison shot. That's when you know you're going to get it in the laundry room. That's when you know you're going to get it in the laundry room. Yeah, before the painter came in we had scratch and sniff walls. Ouch. Okay. Okay. Virgil. Okay, terrific. Alright, we've got to take a break, Anthony. I'm going to take it very seriously. Alright, man. Spazz will be the one taking notes. Notes. The brown noser of the show. Remember the chick that used to work here? Always taking notes in the lame meetings we used to have with our old bosses about what format we were going to have for the next three hours? Jotting notes down. We're just sitting there totally goofing on it. Take notes. We had people take notes on Two for Tuesday. How to execute Two for Tuesday the correct way. Should we come out of the second twofer that we play with a twofer bumper or should we go right into Spazz? You don't know how much our heads are ready to explode. We'd be sitting in this meeting, we're drooling and meeting's over. Okay, you're just ready to pop out of your seat. Anyone have any questions? And Three Dweebs' hands would go up. After we come back from a break, should we do the N.E.W. positioning bumper or should we talk over the intro to the song and then maybe play the bumper after the song? You know, because I'm thinking it sounds a hell of a lot better if we... What are you doing? They're all legends though, Anthony. You know, they're all legends. Legends. Now they're asking questions elsewhere. Oh, you bring an interesting question to this. I'm posing on Friday on the cue of the day. Alright, yeah, the funny thing is we were trying to do this just wild, outrageous, fresh radio and we had to deal with that crap in the meetings. How to execute a two for Tuesday. How to execute it. I'm glad we executed it. I'll show you how to execute it with a big blade. Plop the head off. Alright, we've got to take a break. We're blowing off Spazz's Week in Review today because Spazz is bit of the week. He topped himself, yeah, and we don't want to totally... We don't want to turn the whole show into Spazz, but coming up, I mean, honestly, it's unbelievable when Spazz came into the show earlier this week and said that he wants to get closer to me in particular and the show and then went off on a tangent telling us how he spent $743 one night at the St. Regis. Unbelievable radio. Yes, very good. I just got to clear something up quickly. I'm getting an instant feedback saying how I'm ripping off a certain personality here in the city by doing the Dr. Smith impression that was done years ago. I'm not ripping him off. I'm ripping off Billy West who did it very well years ago. Thank you. Get it straight. Oh dear. Someone else said we're ripping off someone too because we played a CD this week as well. Ouch. We're ripping someone else off because we played a CD, the same CD as somebody else. That's interesting. That's very interesting. All right. Ouch. All right, we'll be back. Stay there. OP and Anthony 1027 WNEW. Are you mad at us Lisa? How can I ever get mad at you boys? Are you sure you're not mad at us Lisa? I'm hot. I heard you yelling and screaming in the hallway about us. You know it is your job to get creative. You can skip right over the spring line you know. I'm fixing it right now though so you never make that mistake again. Am I doing this Ben? I thought you said you weren't mad at us. I'm not mad at you. You sound a little irritated Lisa. Just a little irritated. Lisa, we'll do a creative spot for Stacker 2 right now for you. Your spots are great boys. I love you dearly. I hope you have a very happy Easter and I hope the Knicks win. That's not what I heard in the hallway. You're being very nice and polite on the air now but I heard you were yelling and screaming in the hallway. My father's probably going to kill me for being in here fixing this commercial. Lisa, could we do a quick example of sexual harassment? So I know if it's sexual harassment. Lisa by the way, just one of the fine sales people here at NEW. Just play along. Who's mad at us because our Stacker 2 reads haven't been up to par lately. I may not be a sales person here. You'll just be Miss Smith. Miss Smith. Okay? Miss Smith. Miss Smith. Miss Smith, do you have those files I asked for? Why yes, Mr. Jones. Thank you. You're doing a fine job. You look lovely today. I don't know, can you? You had to jump out of that? Oh then I guess that is sexual harassment. See that would probably be sexual harassment, right? I think you're learning. Okay. Gee, I really didn't think we'd have to jump out of that. I can't say that. No, it's great about that. We're allowed to do just about anything as long as it's legally acceptable in the studio. But if you did that same exact thing outside that door 10 feet away, you would be accused of sexual harassment. Did someone on the phone hear that? Maybe they could tell me if that was sexual harassment. Let's get Al and see if Al heard of that. Al? Yeah, guys. Did you hear that? Did you hear the unedited version of that? Oh, yeah. Was that sexual harassment? That might qualify. Yeah, the company I work for, I think I'd get fired for that. Okay, thank you. Yeah, it was pretty cool. All right, thank you, Al. Let's see if Ed heard the unedited version. Yes. Did you hear the unedited version of that? I did hear the unedited version. Okay, was that sexual harassment? Well, only if she's unwilling. I think it has to be repeated and unwilling. Oh, okay. So that's it. Listen, that contract they want you to sign, why don't you sign it, Jack Me Off or Seymour Buzz? So, throw a name like that on the line, all right? That's a great idea. All right, whatever works. Have a good weekend. Thank you, Ed. Bye. All right, do you have another example for Lisa while she's in the studio? Let's see. Do back rubs qualify as sexual harassment? Let's see. That's probably sexual harassment. I would think so. Yes, touching is a very bad thing. That's not a good thing. Ms. Smith, are you going to be able to join me for that sales junket that will be going on? I don't know. I have to check. I could really use your help being out of town and all with some of the files that I'll be bringing along. You could help sort them. And where would I be sorting them, Mr. Jones? If I can find it, I will. See, now maybe that would also qualify as sexual harassment. Hey, hey, where are you going? It's such a fine line. Oh, she left. Hey, where are you going? Uh-oh. She walked out. Hey, where are you going? We're just having fun. We're going to make s'mores. Where are you going? I thought we were all just having fun. One more? Boy, it's a fine line. That was... I think that's quite enough since we're doing it for three people in the studio and five on the phone. Hey, you're sexually harassing me. You can't do that to someone who's blonde. All right. Oh, yeah, we did the stacker two read already. According to Lisa, we didn't do a good enough job. Oh, that's right. Oh, I thought we had another one to do. No. We're talking about time out in New York, Anthony. Ah. You need something to do in New York. You need to find some... Now, this is a script I could get into. Oh, my God. She's going to kick your ass, man. Time out in New York. Yes. You got to find out what's going on in New York. She's flipping you over. Hey, that's sexual harassment. That is. Get on this harassment yourself. All right. We love stacker two. Okay. You want to find out what to do in New York. You can be in town. You live in town. You're visiting. You want to know the best place to catch some music. Nice restaurant to eat at. Clubs, comedy, film, TV, video, art, sports, theater. Everything there is to do in New York. Your guide to impulsive entertainment is time out in New York. Pick it up on the newsstands. It's great. Everything you could possibly want to do in New York. Listed, time out in New York. All the hit places to go. You don't want to end up in some dump in New York and go, I was here in the city and I ended up in a dump because I didn't know the cool places to go. Time out in New York lets you know where to go. Don't miss this week's issue, time out in New York. 30 things that earn the raves of our food critics. Best bar for drinking alone after a long day. How about that? Best space for a party. And best place to watch sports game without having to eat wings. Also, a round up of the season's hottest sunglasses. And more than a thousand things to do on your free time. A thousand things. Yeah, it's on every newsstand. This is definitely the thing to have if you're coming into the city or you're in the city and you're looking for new things to do, Anthony, okay? Yes. For a subscription call 1-888-GET-TO-NY. 1-888-GET-TO-NY. Time out in New York, the obsessive guide to impulsive entertainment. Get it and get out. The O.P. and Anthony Show. Other debauchery on the way. Stay there. 1027-WNEW. It's the O.P. and Anthony Show on this crappy Friday afternoon. Yeah, lousy weather. At least you didn't have to commute in this weather. Well, a lot of people did have to work today. I know. Now I'm talking to the people that can hear me and they say, what are you, what are you, what are you, I, of course I'm commuting home. All the people that didn't have to commute are not listening to the radio. They're home watching TV or something. I, I don't know, I had a little revelation today. Yeah? I actually paid attention to the show up until 4 o'clock. The market was closed today. A lot of people noticed that too. There was no trading going on. They said, hey, we expect a very good show from Anthony today. The market is closed. What is he going to do? The market's closed. But concentrate on the radio show. Bam. I'm so glad the market was closed today. I couldn't take any more pressure. Yeah? Went back. Went back. You're a little tricky. Went back into it. Phew. Made a few investments. Yeah. Looking good so far. Yeah, I know. Have a little theory on some biotech stocks. So far, so good, Anthony. I went a little long on some stocks, Opie. Whatever. I've been pulling back from the really iffy stuff since I got buried in March. You went long? What do you mean? You're waiting two days to sell your stock? Yeah. No, it's actually owning stocks. Owning the stocks. Owning the actual stocks instead of the option to buy them. That's a bit unusual for you. Oh, it is. Yeah. It's amazing. At least the end of the month, I don't start freaking out. It used to be, you know, when I was in high school, it was like, oh, I hope she gets her period. Oh, I hope she gets her period. Oh, please. Now it's like, oh, no, my options are going to expire. Oh, no. Please go up. Please meet me. Oh, I need a pricing. You know, I love the way they call it a correction. Let's say you've got money. No, I'm sorry. That's wrong. Yeah, we've got to correct this. You have no money. No money. There's your market correction. You have no more money. I'm broke? Correct. No money. All right. And you want to get into Bit of the Week? It's a two-parter. Bit of the Week. Bit of the Week. Bit of the Week. Bit of the Week. Bit of the Week. Where are the spaz drops? Yeah, who is Bit of the Week? Spaz. Spaz. We don't have Spaz as Week in Review because that would be Spaz overkill. Yeah. Much like anything else, moderation. Mm-hmm. Yeah, so we have a two-parter. We're going to play the first part here and then the second part later on in the show. We want to split it up. The second part is the whole credit card thing, lifestyles of the rich and fam Lifestyles of the incredibly stupid. Yes. Yes, that's what we did with Spaz. Very, very funny stuff here. The lifestyles of the act like he's rich and famous. Right. Unbelievable story. The first part of Bit of the Week is Spaz trying to get closer to myself and the show, Anthony. Where are Spaz jingles? We're going to play that in a second, but before we get into Bit of the Week and Spaz Radio, I want to give out some tickets to the New York International Auto Show at the Javits Center April 22nd through April 30th. How many can we give away? Three pairs right now? We'll give three pairs out, one to the 10th caller, one to the 11th caller, and one to the 12th caller at 212-757-1027. Okay, Anthony? Yes. Let's get into Spaz Radio with our brand new jingle. It's Anthony's sister on vocals. Check this out. It's... Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy, Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. They call him Captain K, dog Spaz when he picks up the phone. Don't expect an answer, of course, his brain cells are all blown. How'd he get his job with L1A? Well, I don't know. He's the biggest turd you ever heard on New York Radio. He's super chalice, I've been nicked with, and he makes me nauseous. Don't know why we keep him with the trouble that he causes. Man with a phone with brain damage, his thought process, I'm pulling his tongue. He's super chalice, I've been nicked with, and he makes me nauseous. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy, Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. They call him Captain K, dog Spaz when he picks up the phone. Don't expect an answer, of course, his brain cells are all blown. How'd he get his job with L1A? Well, I don't know. He's super chalice, I've been nicked with, and he makes me nauseous. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy, Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. One of those. Rick always likes pulling the clips of us saying we're fags. It sort of justifies him being that guy. Alright, so I just walked into the studio and Anthony was laughing his ass off with Ben. What the hell did I miss? Well, I'll tell you something, we didn't have our own spaz here for what, two days? Was it two days? We were spaz-less and the phones suffered. And I think everybody was in sort of a weird mood. Yeah, it's our own spaz. It's like when you have to take your beagle to the vet and he's got to stay over. You go home and there's just something missing. Something missing. There's no one crapping on the floor or eating the furniture or you know, young guy feed it and it's a pain in the ass of walking and the fleece. But something's missing in that house, isn't it? You feel a little empty. Yeah. An empty feeling comes upon you. Yeah. And then we realized it was spaz. What is the catalyst of this radio show? Not two seconds after I walk into this studio, me and Ben are just laughing our balls off at spaz telling us about his couple of days off. All right, can I back up before you tell that story? Yeah. So, everyone knows by now I'm in a lot of pain. I really bent back and I was home last night, phone rings and it's spaz. He calls you at home? He just calls me at home. I don't think he would ever call me at home. He calls me at home and I'm like, why are you calling me at home? He goes, well, I noticed you have a relationship with everyone else on the show so I figured I'd call and see what's going on. That's great. And I'm just on the couch in pain, you know. That is fun. Oh, f'ing great. And he goes, I don't want you guys to think I'm really stupid. But I am. You know, that's spaz we can review. You don't really think I'm stupid, do you? No, not at all. Not until he started talking about his little... Wait, get spaz in here. This is just classic. You've got to hear from his own head. Spaz. Hey, Spaz, welcome back to the fold. Lift up that mic. Is it true you're now calling me at home because you want to have a relationship with me? Not in a sexual sense, but you feel like I have relationships with everyone else that works on the show. Hey! You kind of felt a little left out so you decided maybe to break the ice and call me at home, right? I just thought I'd get a little closer to the show. And Spaz, why didn't you give me a call? You're right. I don't have your number. Everyone knows just to leave you alone. Just leave me alone. I'm best just left alone. I show up for the show, do the show, then leave me alone again. Like in Spaz's head he debates, should I call open home? But when it comes in it's like, no, he just knows I will not call him at home ever. Yeah. Spaz, you want a little relationship with the show? What are you doing this weekend? What am I doing this weekend? Any plans Saturday? I'm working... Any plans maybe Sunday? No, not at all. How do you like to mow my lawn? But Spaz, you think I have relationships with everyone else on the show and you just feel like we haven't been connecting lately? I just want an outside relationship. Just maybe hang out maybe once. Maybe once. Hang out. No, just so you can get to know me outside of work mode. You mean like hang out, have a few beers, maybe talk about the colored? I think he's talking more like going to Chuck E. Cheese and going into the ball cage. No. He's 23 now. He's 23. I think he can handle the ball cage at Chuck E. Cheese. Spaz, what would you like to do outside the station? None of us have lives outside this show. We're boring. No, just hang out, have a couple beers, kick back, shoot the breeze. Just talk. Just talk about things. What's going on in each other's lives. Just connect. Me and Ovi don't even do that. We used to do that but now it's like, we don't even do that. I don't even live near you anymore. That's the big problem with that. So we'd go out and we'd drink beers. I wanted to have lunch last weekend but you were busy. Yeah, I'm bad about that old guy. I was busy. I spent most of the week these days in the city and he wanted me to come all the way back in the city on a Saturday to have lunch with him. On a Saturday? That's not going to work. Well, that's like a day off and everything. Maybe after the show, start off with a couple of beers at a bar somewhere or something. Spaz, give us a scenario. So you call me up and say, hey, let's go get some beers. Yeah, let's go hang out. Wherever you go to get beers, I would come down. Hello, Ovi. Yeah. Greg, if I may call you. Hi, this is Spaz. Hi, Kevin. Oh, okay, Kevin. Kevin, yeah. Listen, I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm wondering if you want to meet me in Philly for a tea break. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I'm not doing anything this weekend. I guess we could do that. Can I take the whole thing for the radio? Yeah. I just thought it would be better if we knew each other a little bit more. Well, that's probably worse. Best left on the working relationship. You don't want to get in my pants, do you? Let's just get it out on the table. Get to know me. I need some hot mango. That's what girls say, get to know you better. Guys just like hang out. Guys just hang out. It's not like a big planned thing. Guys just hang out. They don't like, say I want to get to know you better. You just kind of hang out and then, I don't know. Get to know how you start off your career a little bit more. We went through that on the air, didn't we? Yeah, but it's different off the air. It's not as personal, is it? 40 hours a week isn't enough? No, but I mean outside it should just keep... I spend more time with you than the girl I'm living with. Than Sandy. Yeah, but I think you should know me outside of the show. Really? I should know you outside of the show. Is there something to know? No, but I mean wouldn't you want to know who you're working with? I work at Bell Laboratories. I'm actually a rocket train. Oh my God. Yeah, Matt wants to know if you're gay. Matt? Yeah. Hi, what's up? Is he gay? He sounds like my crying girlfriend. He's unbelievable. I want to hang out with you. I want to hang out with you. What's wrong with you, Spaz? Guys just like all of a sudden it just happens. They hang out. They don't make plans or anything. Yeah, man. You finish work and you say, oh you want to go grab a beer? And you go grab a beer. You don't make plans. Girls make plans. Girls, chicks make plans. Right. Chicks make plans in advance and all that. Guys, it just happens. You see out at the bar, oh Opie, I have to go to the bathroom. You want to come with me? Look, alright Spaz, this is how it works, okay? Alright, I'm staying in the city tonight. Yes. We're thinking of maybe just going to get some food after work. Is that okay? You want to join us? Yeah, I would love to. Wow. Okay. There you go. That's what you do. Okay. You don't go like, hey what are you doing Saturday? You know. I just like to know what I'm doing. What are you going to be wearing? I mean. I just like to know what I'm doing. Well, so do we. Stupid! You're so stupid! Oh my goodness. Reggie, what's going on? Hey listen, there's an ulterior motive here. The ulterior motive is, he used to be able to say he just worked with you guys and hook up. Yeah. He wants to say personal friends with the Opes. You know what I'm saying? Well, he's a friend of ours. No. He's a friend of mine. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Well, he's a friend of ours. No, I know. But he's using you guys. No, it's not so much. The funny thing is, it's the Opie and Anthony show. Exactly. But obviously Spazz is, I don't know, drawn more to Opie, feeling that he should have this relationship with Opie. You're like the third wheel now. I feel withdrawn from you. Wait, wait, wait. I've got to let you go, Reggie. It's getting better. Wait, wait. One minute. He's very sentimental. He should be writing homework. Yeah, okay. Thank you, Reggie. You feel what toward Anthony? Withdrawing. He feels withdrawn towards me. Why? I feel like this is blocking because I remember there was one time Anthony was sitting on the air that the only people he talks to were you and then sometimes Rick and talk just about the show. He talks to no one else. I figured that he doesn't want to take any calls from anybody else. I feel like he's putting that blockade towards, around him, towards everybody else. Okay, finally Spazz is right. And just doesn't talk to anyone, though. Believe me, I would love to call him just the odd. Sorry. It's just that we only know each other in work mode as coworkers. I'd like to know each other as friends too. Outside social. Maybe you could, I don't know, hook me up in one of those hotel rooms you get. Yeah, we've got to get back into that. This is too funny. So Spazz, okay, look. We're probably going to get a bite to eat after work. You can join us. Okay. That's how it works. I'd love to. You would love to? I'd love to. Just don't sit next to me. Sit like, sit like on the other side of the table. But how am I supposed to talk to you? Why do you want to talk to me? Oh my God. Even when we go out, we go out all the time after the show and we don't talk. We just sit there and eat our food and get drunk. I always end up talking to Earl, but that's no fun. Get the hit. You goof on stuff, that's all. We have like a kiddie table when we go out. It's pretty funny. We have like the, not saying the main guys, but like Rick, Ben, Psycho Mark, May, Ant when he goes out with us. And then we have like a kiddie table that has like Stanky, Black Girl, and Spazz. The kiddie table. They're always trying to get into the conversation. They're just not paying attention. But they're at the other table and they try to get involved, but it's just not working. That's a short bus. Break that barrier. You want to break that barrier? Have you been going to like counseling or something? No, I just feel like we should know each other more. Oh, there's the barrier. Broke right through it. Spazz and I are like pretty good friends. We've been hanging for seven years. We don't need to get to know each other that well. We know each other. We know each other. You just need, when you hang out with guys, you just know them. Yeah, but I feel that I, well, I want to work with you guys for a long time, so I feel like I should get to know you as best as I can. I love the revelations that come out. All right. So, it's so cool. Well, let's start with a little dinner tonight, okay? That would be great. Okay. Now it's going to be awkward. After the show, it's going to be awkward. Yeah, it's totally awkward now. Now, now, Opie's going to be totally paranoid to be left alone. What's that? You know why? I'll tell you something, because it started out hanging out, people going out. You know what this is turning into? A frigging date. Yeah, it's turning into a date. Even though there's, you know, because I don't feel like abusing you. I know there's nothing gay about this, but now you put me in an awkward situation where I'm going to feel like, oh God, now I've got to sit next to him. Now you've got to talk to him. We're going to walk in the restaurant, and now I'm going to have to purposely make sure you sit close to me so I can, like, you know, make sure that I care about what you have to say. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. How's the mood going? How's my family? I want to know. How is Sandy doing today? How's Erica doing today? We should be asking these questions. We should be asking these questions. I don't care. I don't care. Be quiet, sir. All right, so now we've got the awkwardness of after the show, we're going to dinner, and I'll make sure you sit close enough so I can ask you a couple awkward questions. How would you like to mow my lawn? Huh? I know you're not going to touch me, but it's not even that. Just got to tell me I'm not going to touch you. Help me. No, just so you get the rest of this out. And for the love of God, come out with us tonight. Okay, terrific. It'll give us a whole show tomorrow. This is great. This is just some great, great, funny stuff. I'm not gay. We're not saying you're gay. Hey. You're giving us an opportunity to abuse you and say you're gay for the next half hour, but it's even weirder the other way. Then you care that much. I care about you guys as friends. No one cares about me that much. I care about you guys as friends and as coworkers, but I only know you as coworkers. I want to know you guys as friends. Spaz, you know how you make the line between coworker and friend, and this is an honest way to assess it. Seriously. If this job ended tomorrow, after like a week of calling and talking to each other about, oh my God, I can't believe we all got the boot, would we ever hang out again? Now, you've got to seriously assess this. Me and Ope, I could honestly see yes, hanging out. We'd have to look for a new job. So that. I would hang out with Rick because I'm going out with his sister. That's pretty much the only reason there. Ben, Psycho Mark. It would be nice to think that we would actually keep in touch, but in time, you know how radio is and stuff. Once you look at the people at AAF up in Boston, we don't speak to one of those people. I'll go back to my gang at BAV. We were real tight and I don't see any of them anymore. So there's a workplace camaraderie that goes on, but as far as the really getting into the personal life, you know, my friend, let's say Joe Currier, Adam Ferrara, they don't work here with us, but we have a very good friendship that goes over the years. No matter what happens at my work, I'm still friends with them. See, I don't know if that's going on yet. I'm not saying it might not, but the way to make dates like this isn't the way to really get it going. Hey! If the show broke up tomorrow, I would see Ope. I would see Ant and I would see Rick. Rick wouldn't see Ant much. Probably not, unless of course we all got another gig together. And I would definitely not see Ben, Psycho Mark or you again. Probably not. Within a... Yeah! It would be like the phone calls about, oh my god, how's it going? You know, got any leads on a job or something like that? If I saw you in the park drunk on a park bench, I might say, hey, what's up? We'd run away. I'd talk to you if I bumped into you, but the reality is I probably wouldn't hang out with you. Yeah, it's like a working relationship where you're very good friends at work. But that's pretty much... I mean, nothing against you as a person, but that's just how it goes. There have been some very good people and very good friends at the workplace that we just don't talk to anyone. It's just the nature of the beast. We worked in Boston for three years and we had some pretty close relationships with people at the station and outside the station. I hang out with one of them. That's it. Yeah. Not even a phone call? Every once in a while? No. Call me. You want me to call you? Call me. It would be nice because I keep calling you and I get one or two calls. Oh my God, dude, it sounds like a check now. Hold it, hold it. You know how I call you. Are you married? Dude, are you stalking him? No. I'm trying to get to know him. Oh, I'm getting a little jealous of Spar. Why do I have all the psychopaths after me? I'm not a psycho. Why doesn't Anthony have the psychopaths? I call him to give me his number. He's got to do that to me. He's an incredibly talented individual. Latch on to him. Why does he have to latch on to me? I'm not latching on. It's just that I feel like I don't know you. Oh my God. I feel like I don't know you. These are words that come out of a girl's mouth when she's pissed off about how the relationship's gone. There are people in my family that don't know me. My girlfriend doesn't know me. I come home and stare at a TV. She wants to talk to me. I swear to God, he has a vagina. It is so funny. It's the way a girl talks when the relationship isn't going well. I don't know you. I want to get to know what it is. Why don't you open up to me? Why don't you call me back? Are you working on an unauthorized bio or something? No. You're working on a book on the Opie and Anthony show? No, not about the Opie and Anthony show. You need some background? Wait, wait, wait. You're writing on a... Wait, stop. Did you hear what he said? You're working on a book? Yes. Oh my God. Does that have something to do with Aunt and I? No, but it's based on characters in my life. Holy mother of pearls. Oh, they're in his head. Spaz, thank God you're back. Yes, we missed you. We missed you. You're turning into something that is not homo. I'm not even going to work that angle. No, there are so many other ones. It's a little weird though. I understand that. Guys just don't get to know other guys really. They just have this unspoken thing when you hang out with guys. You nod, oh wow, that was a great play on the TV. Give me another beer. It's not like guys... Look at the boobs on that girl. That's guy stuff. You're thinking of the guys that are like the guys in chick flicks, you know, that hang out with their friends and discuss things in depth, crying on each other's shoulders. You want to start calling me on a nightly basis and start gossiping about everyone? No, I don't want to bother you that way. I mean like maybe... You can bother me the other way. No, once a week will be nice. I can't talk to you once a week. A weekly phone call. Or once every other week. Dude, do I call you at home once a week? Maybe. Maybe on a Sunday I'll be like, hey how was your weekend? The most I hear from Ann is maybe once every two weeks. That's because he withdraws from some of the people. I withdraw myself from people. That was a psychologist. The reason is I have my friends. That's it, I'm done. I'm done making them. The reason is because after spending a week trying to put on a talk show like we do, the last thing I want to see is you guys talking about it. But you've only seen me for a year and two or three months. You've known Anthony for six years so you've gotten to know Anthony a little bit better than me. I want you to know me too. I want you to know me. But Spaz, I'm going out with Anthony. I can't. He's trying to be like my new girlfriend. I have a girlfriend already. I'm not trying to be anything. I just want us to be tighter friends. If it doesn't work out with Anthony, I'll consider it. What do you want me to say? He probably sits home. I could just picture it. The Opie and Spaz show. We don't need Anthony. We don't need him. If only Opie could see my hidden talent and Anthony would just disassociate himself and everybody to the point where Opie gets fed up and he leaves and then Opie would say, Spaz, here is this phone call. Hello Spaz, it's Opie. Anthony left and I want you to come aboard and I want to call it the Opie and Spaz, wait, no, no, the Spaz and Opie show. That's what I want. He needs me. Spaz, this is it. When Ann and I go our separate ways, that's it. I'm done. No more radio shows. Are you here for a reference? Yeah, you can do that. There you go. That's why I'm playing the stock market like a crazy man, just in case. I'm not saying cut Anthony off altogether. Just take it from me too. So he can continue his friendship with Anthony, but you want to be in his life too. This is classic. We have another stalker working five feet from me. I'm not stalking you. Stinky just came in the studio. Stinky, call me. Spaz, were you stalking this radio show before we hired you? I actually only tuned in the day before my interview. Okay, terrific. Yeah. Hey, whoa, hey, whoa, hey, hey, whoa, whoa, whoa. There's some great and some feedback coming in. Mike from Queens, hey, can me and my girl double date with you and Spaz? Mark from Jersey, I think Spaz wants to hang with you guys so that you will stop making fun of him. I think he thinks that if he becomes your friend, you will find it harder to make fun of him. Maybe that's it. No. You only know me as Spaz. You don't know me as Kevin. Okay, Spaz. So we're going to start with a little dinner tonight, right? Dinner will be great. Okay. You guys want your own table? Someone better bring the DAT recorder tonight. We're going to get a table and I'm recording my conversation with you. Yeah. I have to. That's going to be awkward. Oh, Rick, you can't sit there. Spaz has to sit there. I know. I don't want to sit next to you. I want to sit across so we can play footsie. Spaz sounds like Carl from Caddyshack. I'm going to just hang out. Cannonball. Got that going for you. All right. People are checking in. Oh no, it's the new sensitive Spaz. Was I okay on the phone last night when you called? Yeah, it was okay. It was okay. What did you expect? I told you I was in pain. I shared. I told you how much pain I was in with my back, right? There was one part of the conversation which I thought was a little bit, you know, uh-uh. Oh no. What part was that? The part where I said that I'm not really that dumb and then you said okay. I thought you were just passing it off as a meaningless comment but meanwhile it was not a meaningless comment. All right. You did say you just wanted to tell me that you weren't as dumb as everyone thinks. Yes. Okay. But you know, I thought you just passed it off but it kind of got me a little upset, maybe thinking a little and so I thought I'd approach you with it. Is this like another April Fool's joke? Yeah, right? It's got to be. You know, it's tough because I love you so much and you don't love me. All right. OP, this fax just came in from my friend Joe Curry. Yes. Langfoot. Yeah. And let's meet for some wine and cheese. I think we're drifting apart. Thank you, Foot. Thank you, Foot. I think Spaz is opening up a whole new realm of sensitivity with friends. You know how many guys are shaking their heads out there? When you want to be friends with guys it just happens. You don't make plans. You don't have to get too deep. You don't call them at home really unless you say hey, OP, Bill's having a cake party Saturday. You want to go. Great. You would never go to a cake party with me. Oh my God. Oh my God. Jesus Christ. Oh my God. Do you have any other friends besides us? Yes, I do. And what's his name? All right, listen. All right, Spaz, we'll try to be friends. It'll start tonight at dinner. That'll be cool. All right. We won't put you at the kiddie table. You'll sit at the big boy's table. All right? Cool. Tom from Long Island, hey, OP, bring a rubber. And then Eric from Jersey is quoting me. It says Spaz, it's not you, it's me. Cranky ass from Midtown Rides. Cranky ass. Hey, OP, will you call me tonight? I'd ask him, but I feel withdrawn from him. Yeah, everybody's withdrawn. Are you my pal? Well, we also have to talk to him about why we brought him in the first place. Obviously, the conversations go awry when he comes in here. But he had his birthday. Was that when? Monday? Yesterday was my birthday. Spaz, now if you're calling me at home on your birthday, why wouldn't you share that with me? I split my mind. Are you going to send me a card? My birthday's coming up. I have my birthday's coming up too. I've been written down. I just don't have your ages. Oh, you don't want to know our ages. What, do you want a card with the age on it? Like, today you're five. You know one of those? I keep track of people's ages. Why? I like to know how old people are. I like to say young because nobody's ever older than us. Hallmark doesn't make cards for our ages. I think they stop at 13. And that's not anything that anyone really asks or needs to know on a card. If you feel like sending a birthday card, like if we knew it was your birthday, I wouldn't be like, So you're 23, like a little handwritten, hey, 23, you know. I mean, you just send happy birthday, Kevin, you know. I say happy then the age birthday and then I do like a little thing. Like my Nana. That's what my Nana would do. What do you mean you do a little thing? You're 12 today. Well, next year you're a teenager. What do you mean you do a little thing with the age? I play on the age and it depends on the age. I play like a little, like try to make a little joke, try to like... He's got jokes. He's got jokes. I just try to do something, you know, to make the card live. I think you watch Martha Stewart before you get here, don't you? No, I don't. Try to do something with the card. Maybe a little play on the age. Yeah, happy birthday, F-face. Spaz said earlier that he's working on a book. Spaz's book title, Men Are From Mars and I Am From Venus. Let me tell you guys something, man. You know, this radio show doesn't need writers like all the other top radio shows in this town. Because we have our listeners. You guys come up with better stuff than anybody that we would hire to write this crap. So now, we were going to talk about his birthday and what he did on his birthday. Stone C from Jersey. Hey, yo, try a Let's Be Friends from Antetibare. Another one from the listeners. You guys are the best. Or give a bear caster a call and get Anthony the withdrawn bear. Are you my pal? How would you like to mow my lawn? Okay, terrific. Hey, whoa! All right, listen. Coming. We'll start with tonight. Someone bring the tape recorder because I'm recording my conversation with Spaz. You're not going to feel awkward if we have a dad player running. A tape rolling. No, but just make sure to open and talk. Talk to me. Open up. Talk to me. You never talk to me. Wait, no. Oh, no. Chara. Chara is in the studio. Wait, I want to defend Spaz. You want to defend Spaz? Because he gave me a birthday card last week. All right, last week was your birthday? Happy birthday. Thank you. How old were you? You don't want to tell anyone. I'm 23. 23, okay. So he had something cute to say about 23? He was very nice. He got me a nice Christmas card also. He really knows how to write cards. He's so nice. Read the card. You can read it. All right. Can't wait for Spaz's reading card. Happy birthday. Why did you write question marks after happy? Because that means my age. Wait, keep reading. Yeah, okay. I have no clue how young you are, but you look 18. Well, there you go. Thank you. I hope that you get all that you wish for on your birthday because you deserve it. You are a fellow Aries and a friend. Oh, very into the astrology thing. I hope that we will remain friends for more birthdays to come. Stay wonderful and happy birthday, Kevin. Wow, handwritten. That's nice. Are you my pal? Well, no, that's very nice. Spaz, you're into the signs, right? Yes, I am. I'm a Gemini. Yes, your birthday is in May. I forgot which day. I know what day yours is. May 23rd. We make a great couple. I don't believe in astrology, but I am a... What they say about Gemini about being like a psychopath and split personality and edgy and all that, that's all me. I'm a true Aries too. Great. All right, listen. I'm going to try and ram you in the... All right, Ann. We do have to take a quick break, but... Yeah, we got to talk about his birthday. He went out, stayed at a hotel. He stayed in the city. You know how sometimes you decide to stay in the city, and he grabbed a hotel here in the city. You never guess which one. All right, I mean... It is a good story because I walked into the studio, like I said, about 40 minutes ago this started, and these guys were laughing their balls off. We just went off on a tangent here, but we have to get to the reason why we have Spaz in the studio. He spent his birthday in the city and spent a bloody fortune. I guess we could say that, right? Yeah. All right, we'll have the story next. Stay there. Like... He's the biggest dumbass in town. Spaz Radio. Ann Spaz. I can't go one afternoon without spanking my junk. Okay, terrific. Ann Cough. Coby Anthony. 1027 WNEW. It's the ONA show. 212757 1027. We announced earlier Stone Temple Pilots coming to town with the Red Hot Chili Peppers and Fishbone touring together this summer playing the PNC Arts Center July 31st. Jones Beach, August 12th. Hopefully we'll have some tickets and giveaways to our faithful listeners. Right, Anthony? Yes. All right, as we try to get more bands on our damn talk show here, if that makes sense. Well, people enjoying the bit of the week, Anthony Spaz. That was only part one. Part two is even better. Spaz and his credit card. You're not going to believe it. Stupid! You're so stupid! Yes. If you laughed at the first part, oh, oh, please stick around for part two. It's hysterical. The credit card and the expensive room in New York City for his birthday. Unbelievable stuff. Yeah. I believe Robin Leach is a part of the bit. Oh, of course. Lifestyles of the incredibly stupid on the way. As we do the second part of the bit of the week. But right now, Anthony, we've got a little intermission for the bit of the week. Oh, this girl is so freaking hot too, man. She was at our impromptu little road show. We did a La Bar bet about a month ago. Yes. Remember from time to time, we like to just blow off the last hour of the show, find a bar in the area, go drink. Do some drinking. We had about a thousand people there. Yeah. The last time we went home was this girl that's coming through the studio and she has volunteered to allow us to drip hot wax all over her smoking body. Hot wax? Her smoking body. I showed everyone her... No, no, no. I think it's... Liz was the girl that canceled, Jill was the girl that showed up. That's right. Jill? Okay. I remember. I don't know what her name is, but I remember her face. I can't bring her in. They're getting her. You'll remember Jill. She showed everyone her ass. Oh, really? She showed everyone her ass. And it was a lovely... look at this thing. Oh, yes. I remember. Wow. How you doing? Great to see you again, Jill. I was talking to her while we were replaying the spaz thing. Yeah. And she's very paranoid with those cameras in the studio. I knew we would wreck it for ourselves. Why? How are we wrecking anything? There's no cameras. I know. There hasn't been. But see, we were trying to explain that earlier with the whole Bridget thing. We do not and have never hid cameras in this studio. I will assure you of that. Do you believe us, Jill? You weren't very convincing when you were... On the radio, we weren't convincing. No. As I said, we never hid a camera in this studio. Would you like to look over the studio before we get into this? There are a lot of places you could probably hide a camera. You really got to trust... At night. It's a crime, so we would never do that. Yeah. Never in this studio. Well, Jill is beautiful. What nationality are you? Italian. She's Italian. Yeah, 100% it looks like. Yeah. She has a very nice body, Anthony. Yes, indeed, of course. We saw most of that body at La Barbeck. Yeah. What, is that going to get you in trouble? No. I just wasn't expecting to see that. I kind of got pushed up on stage. Oh, really? Yeah, she was showing her... Well, you showed everything, matter of fact, now that I think about it. No, I'm not. Well, all right, we didn't see your patch. We saw your ass, gorgeous ass. Thank you. And she wowed the crowd many, many times. Yes. Because the guys just kept begging her to go back on stage for another shot. Another round. So you're into this hot wax thing? Yeah. All the other ladies once again blew us off. I hate you ladies. If you... We got to say this. If you're going to volunteer to be part of our radio show, we take it very seriously. I know. Don't say you're going to show up and then blow us off. It happens all the time. Yeah. Well, it doesn't help anyone. Thank God we have Jill. Right. So have you had wax dripped all over your body before? No, I've never had it. Really? No? I'm a virgin. Oh, man. You're a wax virgin? I'm a Wisconsin. There's some really hot MTV video. I don't even know the song, don't know the band, but there was a scene where the guys just dripping hot wax all over the girl. And it's not the Ricky Martin video because there was some of that going on in La Vida Loca. Yeah, whatever. Whatever that stupid song was. This one was a much hotter scene than we saw yesterday. There's a whole trick to it, you know. You don't get too close with the wax. Right. Have you had it done? No, I've just seen it in porno. Have you had it done? I've had it done, yeah. Oh, you have one? Yeah, you got to make sure you... Arrrr! You got to make sure you drip the wax from high above. Arrrr! Yeah, that would mean a little higher. A little too close. A little too close. Hold on, I've got to get some sound effects. Oh, you do? Yeah, where's Superfly? I need Superfly. If you get it close enough, I'm sure I'll make my own. Okay, here we go. Here's Superfly getting some wax. Ouch! Ouch! Ouch! All right, Jill, now where would you like the wax dripped? Should we start with the stomach, maybe? And then work our way up, kind of? Wow, this guy remembers you from La Barbatte. Hold on. Brad, what's up? Hey, what's up, guys? How are you? Good. We were the guys from the cops that were in the back from La Barbatte. We remember, we were standing in the back, you guys were looking at us like, oh, you guys can't do that, the cops are like holding their hands over our eyes. Yeah, I remember the guy. Remember how hot Jill was, the Italian one? Absolutely. With the smoking body? She was smoke. Yeah. All right, Brad, thank you. Bye, brother. You guys do a great job on the streets there. Thank you, we love you guys. All right, cool. Katie is pissed off at me. Katie! Yeah? What's wrong? Well, you guys just said you hated me, I didn't mean to blow you off. Well, we're sick of women saying they're coming down here and then they blow us off. You were the one with the 36 double D's, right? Yeah, so I'm sorry, I talked to Rick and explained that I had a situation that I couldn't control. Do you have a good reason why you're not here today? Because a lot of times the ladies don't have a good reason, they just blow us off. It was a very good reason. My sister got sick, she has six kids and I had to watch them. Okay, all right. I had to call her Easter eggs all day. What is this, a school? I know. It looks like we're the school. I would have much rather have been there and I'd still like to come there and do it. Please excuse Katie from having hot wax ripped on her, or her sister is sick and she is needed to care for the children. Please excuse Katie, mother cut off her finger. All right, Katie, we'll forgive you this time, okay? Will you forgive me? Yeah, we don't want you mad, but we'll give you one more chance, okay? Jack can't come to school today, mama shot papa. All right, Katie, have a good weekend. What can I come down for next time? We'll see how this hot wax thing goes. Jill's never had the hot wax. I think she's in for a little surprise today. All right, guys, take care. Bye. All right, well, and I think we're ready. Yeah, I think so. All right, where's the candles? Ah, there you go. There's some candles. Very colorful. We got a Mike Jill. You want to get her on the counter? Candles from the wonderful Yank Me Candle Company. All right, we're going to start with the stomach, you said? Sure. You got to lose the shirt then. You got to lose the shirt. Come on. Helpful light. Rick, be nice. Rick, she's grabbing her shirt to take it off, and Rick's like, come on. Don't wreck this. God damn. I don't think we've had a hotter chick in the studio. Come on. Take it off. Take it off. I just like to see a little bit of your face. Are there a tour before I put her in? Wow. You've got to lose the coat. Look at that stomach. Wow. Very nice. You take good care of yourself. Very, very nice. I just had that for vacations though. Did you? Yeah. Where were you on vacation? Vacation, the gym. No, in Texas. Jesus. Texas? Yeah. What's in Texas? My best. Fears and queers, Opie. Is there too many guys in the studio? We want you to feel comfortable. Because they could all hide in the other studio and you wouldn't even know they're looking at you. You'll see Scooby-Doo eyes. I'll give all the ladies that come into the studio and get naked for us. Just count all the guys in the studio and then times that by two because there's another bunch of guys always in the other studio. How many guys are in there? Black girls in there. Yeah, you can't see him with dark hair. Earl, smile. There he is. All right. Well, let's start with the stomach. On the counter, how? Yeah, you could lay right out there. Just don't hit any of those vital cough buttons. Let's move over to these mics. All right. Foot, if you would take my mic, I'll take yours. Jetson. There we go. Wow. Yeah, that's the interrogation mic. Look at this. She's... Wow. She's completely... Wow. She's... I can't really hear myself. She's lounged out. What are you doing there, Rick? All right. She said no pics. She agreed without her face. There are no tapes. I swear. There are no tapes. Where's Liddy? Maybe he can plant a camp. She's in a really high position right now. Yeah. We're way above her. Her stomach is... Your stomach is perfect. What size boobs you got there? I guess 34B. 34B. 34B. They're nice. Very nice. Okay, we're lighting the candles, Anthony. All right. Let's get this lit. Make sure you scream right into the mic. Oh, she's undoing her pants, Anthony. Yeah, you don't want any wax to get on those really nice pants. Look at the shape of that nice bra. Look at these panties that we were about to say. Don't be shy. What are those? Oh, yeah, little leopard print pants. Those are like Victoria's secrets, right? Very good. I know my panties. You're going to have to edge toward Opie a little more because I'm not going to be able to hold the candle high enough with the top of the thingy here. Here, pull her pants down. Pull her down. Go down. Okay, boys. You just can't wait, can you? Yeah, really. Well, I don't want to... you have really nice pants on and I don't want to get the wax all over your pants. I'll be okay for now. Thanks for your concern. Okay. All right, Ann, you want to start? Yeah, I'll start. You're a little closer to the stomach area. You better get up high, though. I'll get up high. I will. Tell me if it hurts. What are you aiming for? Ow! Does that hurt? That burns a little. Yeah, it will. It's not working. Yeah, it will. It's not waxed. All right, let me do a couple. Where are those lead soldiers? Let's melt a few of those down. All right, wait. Move closer to the edge so I can get the candle higher. Yeah, you actually have to move up your head toward Opie a little more. We get paid to do this stuff? No. All right. Just kind of wrap around the counter a little. All right, I'm going to... You've got to go. I'm aiming right for the belly button. Yeah, yeah. Oh! Oh! That had to hurt. I'll go higher. How's that? It feels good. Oh, my God. Hey, I'm not stopping. It's like Asian torture. Oh, my God. All right, she's squirming. Wait, there's too much green wax on the red wax. Hey, get higher. Higher. All right, all right. My God, you're going to cook the pork. Is there a school with something you can stand on? Oh, my God. Ow! I'm not going to get this stuff off. Look at her. She's like squirming. Wow, this is great. All right, roll over. Let's do your ass. Didn't she say you wrote your name on somebody once? Yeah, I wrote my name on somebody once. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Didn't you say you wrote your name on somebody once? Yeah, I wrote... How did you do that with wax? How did we do that then? Oh, this girl was dead. She was a corpse, so she really didn't move that much. Oh, wait. Oh, now we got a pedestal. I wish Watford Stewart would do something like this with candles. Take out my headphones. What a great way to spend the holidays, dripping hot wax on people. I'm going high. Are we going for the butt bow? Peel some off. See what it looks like under that. Hey, Opie, be careful. It's going to fall and shove the candle somewhere. By the way, I just got some on my finger and it hurts from about an inch away. What body part are we going for now? The ass. We've got to lose the pants. Yeah, lose the pants. Okay. I'll lose them. You can keep trace of them. Can I just take them down? No, you can pull them down. Yeah, that's fine. And then we'll make you walk around. She just hit Rick. Rick always wrecks. I do not. Yeah, you do. Give me a break. It's not good enough. You get to see that? Wow. She's got a thong on. That's pretty nice. All right, she's turning over. She's got a perfect, perfect ass. Look at that ass. Oh, my God. Wait, can we get a picture of that? No. We need a picture of that. Wow. Whoa, we are speechless. All right, Rick's getting a picture for, of course, the unofficial website. That picture is going to be on the website. That's a great picture. All right, Jill, move over here. Mike, Jill. I don't think there's as many nerve endings in the ass as there are on the Rick. I just dripped some on Rick's hand. All right, Jill, turn to the mic. Because we want our listeners to hear this. Wow. Oh, it's squirming around like crazy. Oh, she's losing it. Okay. How cool is that, man? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Is there a home version of this game? Jill, how does it feel? Did you think it would sting that much? Are you liking it? That was it. She can't do that. Anthony just threw a lit match at her. Wait, I want one more. I'm going way up high here. Move your butt to the edge. Yes. All right, here we go. I'm going for the right cheek. All right, here we go. I'm going for the right cheek. I'm going for the right cheek. I'm going for the right cheek. I'm going for the right cheek. I'm going for the right cheek. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. It almost tickles. It almost tickles. It hurts when it tickles. Oh, my God. Look at that one. Isn't that funny? It looks like some wacky kind of alien creature's ass. It's got the green and red dots. It kind of looks like a disease. All right, Anthony, now we're going for the top right in the universe. Is that okay? All right, are you taking a picture of the waxed ass? No, get the other angle, man. Oh, Anthony, quit it. Oh, my God. That was like a whole cupful. All right, very good. It's not going to really build up in here. Now, Jill, is it erotic at all or no? It could be. It could be? Anthony, stop looking at it. I'm sorry. Anyway. What? Yeah, and take a lesson from me. I'm really nice. I'm playing it. What's wrong with my goddamn microphone? Look how nice I am. This thing ain't working. It keeps cutting out. That's not bad. What you're doing. Ow, ow, ow. Okay, got it. Ow, ow, ow. She's hitting the cough button. Is that it? Ants breaking. Ants going off the air because she's kicking the cough button. She's on it right now. All right, I think we've got enough on the butt area. You're hitting a button. There we go. All right, that's better. All right. I was wondering about that. Okay, how about boobage? Oh, I don't know. Yeah, boobage. Yeah, boobage. We'll go from way high up. We'll go way high. It'll be completely dry by the time. Actually, you can get on the floor. It won't feel anything like this. Get on the floor. All right, she's going after it. Come here. Give me your ass. No. Give me your ass. Ants not going to show his ass. Ow, no. Ants not going to show his ass. No, do it on my hand. We'll let you do spas. I'm not going to do it on your ass. No way. Pull down your pants. I'm not pulling down my pants. Ants are going to show their ass. I'm not pulling down my pants. I'm not pulling down my pants. I'm not pulling down my pants. It's not happening. Jill, get on the floor. Jill, I'm way up high here. Someone light my candle, fast. Light man, thank you. Ant, get way up here. Are we going for the boobs from 20 feet up? Yeah. Right there, Jill. Oh, but keep the candle away from the ceiling. Oh, there you go. I'm under the counter. All right, Jill is under the counter. She's got the best lingerie on, doesn't she, Anthony? Yeah. All right, put your head up. Get her out from under the counter, man. Rick, all right. Rick, what are you doing? He wants to slide under the damn counter. I'm trying to get out of here. All right, all right, all right. Everyone calm down. All right, now she's like belligerent. And now Jill's on the floor. We're about 15 feet up in the air. Are we going to... We're aiming for the boobs, right? Yeah. Okay. We'll have people leave the studio if you feel uncomfortable. I'll take off my bra. Oh, she's going to take off her bra. Don't hit her face. Oh, hello, God. All right, cover her face because this could be a problem. Put a paper bag on her head. No offense because you do have a very nice face, but get a paper bag for her head. No, that ain't going to work. Get a paper bag. I'm serious. A paper bag for her head. She'll be the unknown lesbian. All right, Jill. Wow, this is a very nice position you got there. Yeah, she could do that. You don't want to get anything on that bra though. No, that's all right. No, we need the bra off. Yeah, we do. Yeah. If you cover your face, it'll be fine. You have nothing to hide. Trust me. Okay, can they leave? Yeah, you guys are out of here. Sorry. Get me out of the studio. All right, you guys are out of here. Sorry. Oh, there's a studio. All right, Ann. I feel special. She'll take her bra off for us. Yeah. All right, here comes the bra. I mean, you did it for everyone at La Barbe. Okay. All right. Wow. Hey, nice. There we go. That is some fine ta-tas. Okay. Wait, move the bra. Is that going to... Move the bra. Yeah. Do it. You sure you don't want to give her like a bag or something for her head? Hold it closer because there might be splatter. Yeah. Like hold it under your chin kind of. There you go. Ready? I'm way above there. Here it comes. I'm way above. A little higher. Oh my God. That would have hit her right in the face. All right. She's squeezing her boobs together because of the pain. Yeah. I'm going to try it for the nip. Okay. I'm going for the nip. Oh my God. Pilot to bomber there. All right. It hurts. All right. Back off. All right. Back off for a second. Let's see who got closer. I got closer to the bullseye. You did? Yeah. You have the right boob. I have the left one and my wax got closer. Wow. I wish I could say what that looks like right now. That's pretty good. You've done this before. It's like a Norden bombsite. The enola game. It blows off the stomach. All right. One more. One more splatter. Okay. One more pass and we'll be done. Here we go. Ready? From above. Oh. Walk it in. Walk it in. Walk it in. Walk it in. Oh, I almost got. Oh, bullseye. Oh, you got it. Oh, yeah. I feel it. Anthony wins. She is shaking. Anthony wins. Anthony wins. I think she has a wood floor. Really? Yeah, look. You need that waxed? Well, Jill, how did that feel? I feel like I'm going to die. I feel like I'm going to die. I feel like I'm going to die. Well, Jill, how did that feel? Not bad. Yeah. Pretty good. That's pretty good. More Asgard? Yeah, turn over. Yeah, break the Asgard. More Asgard. More Asgard. What can you get in China? Boops with the wax all over them? Okay. All right, turn over. Let me get one more. It's like stiff. Yes. Yeah, it is. Yeah. Oh, I thought you were talking about our pants. No, of course she's talking about the wax all over her chest, Anthony. Okay. Looks like she has the measles. Oh my God, it feels really weird. Yeah, it does feel weird. All right. All right, we're going for the... Back to the ass. Back to the ass. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. All right, she's grabbing at us. Okay. She's in pain. She's had it. She's had it now. She's had it now. She's tapped out. She's tapped out. She's tapped out. She's tapped out. She's tapped out. She's tapped out. She's tapped out. She's tapped out. She's tapped out. She's tapped out. One, two, three, she's out. Wow. That high kind of burn? You think? Joe, talk into the mic. How does that feel? Not bad. It feels okay. Yeah? All right. Peel one off. Let me see what it looks like underneath. Peel off a little thing. That one's in. Is it red? No. No, she's fine. Oh, you take it like a champ. Yes, I do. Those are only third degree burns. Cool. The hospital's really close to here. It's a little bit of a mess. It's a little bit of a mess. It's a little bit of a mess. It's a little bit of a mess. It's a little bit of a mess. The hospital's really close to here. Napalm. All right. That was like the best thing I've ever done. Snake and nape that ass. Okay, where's my bra? I got it. Who's got her bra? He does. All right, I'll be right back there. Hold on. I'm coming over. Ready? Someone grab this. Oh, try this candle. Oh, nice. All right, in. Wow. That rocked. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That was pretty cool. That was real cool. Psycho Mark's coming in with his own candle that he wants to drip on. Put that away, Mark. He's got a little wick in him. All right, Jill's getting her clothes back on. The phone's just going nuts here, Anthony, as you would expect. Jack, what's up? I can't walk. Jack, I can't walk. Hey, what's up? I'm Jack, not Jack. Oh, sorry, Jack. What's up? You guys are killing me. You obviously have a girl that has very sensitive, delicate skin. Now that you've dripped hot wax on her, can't you at least soothe her with a tongue bath or some ice cubes? Would you like some ice cubes, Jill? Actually, I might. Oh, look at him. Look at him rise. He just rise. Rick, run. Run like the wind, Rick. Four guys just... There you go, a couple of icy cold Budweiser. Buds. We're not drinking them. They happen to be in the area and they're ice cold. Oh, there you go. I don't have a boyfriend, so what is he doing? Oh, my God. He's a friend. He's a friend. The other guy that walked in all of a sudden now is like, get out. All right, they're icing down the area. Icing down her butt with a couple of cold Buds. Yes. Don't you guys over to at least be the ones to ice her down? You did inflict the pain. I do want to go home tonight, sir. Don't you have an almost divorcee in that studio with you? I mean pending litigation, sir. I can't use this. This could be used against me. I put a paper bag on your head. Thank you, buddy. All right, let's go to Sean. Sean, you're next on NDW. Oh, guys. Oh. I have a request. Yeah? The next time you do something like this, you need a stick. You're going to have to get a stick. Oh. I have a request. Yeah? The next time you do something like this, you need a cigarette and a nap break in the middle of the bit. Yeah, what happened? Because I was so done, so early. How does this happen? You guys see what's going on now. Someone who will remain nameless is taking two very cold Budweiser's and Massaging her breasts. Icing down the whole body with the Budweiser. And now her tummy. Yeah. All right, Sean. Hey, where'd that other bottle go? Oh, no. I'm sorry. It was held in some place. Let's go to Tony. Tony, what's going on? O and A, man. The way she was moaning was such a turn on. Really? Good. It was not the wax. That was hard. Yeah. Oh, my God. Yeah, that... How exciting was that doing that? It rocked. We were way high in the sky, too. New bit, man. New bit. A new bit? As long as they moan and squeal like that, it is a new bit for like a year. Yeah, that was pretty good. The best part is she has a natural target with the bullseye and everything for us. You guys have to find out if she has wood floor or not. She does. That's obvious. Right, Joe? Am I out of line saying to have a wood floor down there? No, you're right. I hit the target, Opie. I'll let you go, but I'm so turned on. All right, cool. Bye. I had a real shaky hand. That's why I didn't hit the target. Yeah, I think that was it. Huh? I got guns, too. I know. She's a workout fiend, too. Yeah. Thank you. Opie had a little problem over the target area. Yes, I did. Clouded. The target was clouded for a while. Yeah, it was. I found some breaks in the clouds. I was able to drop my load and... Of wax. Of wax. And it hit the target. I think it was definitely more exciting that you guys did it. Really? Yeah. Cool. I rock. What are you, licking the bottles now? Like a fine wine. Did you get all the wax off? No. No, I don't think so. How many drops would you say? Funny you were able to say wax off. There's got to be hundreds of drops of wax all over her body. Looks like confetti. Yeah. She looks like a cartoon. Terry, what's going on? Hey, O&A, I love you guys. Hey, thank you. I gotta tell you, every day I leave for work, I gotta leave with a new bath towel to put under my seat so when I drive home I've got something to... All right, all right, we know where you're going with that. You guys are awesome, man. I love you. All right, cool. Thanks, bud. That was really cool. How much did it hurt? It didn't really... Do you have a tattoo? No. Do you have a tattoo? No. It kind of feels like it, a little bit like a tattoo. It's like a tattoo. It's like a tattoo. It's like a tattoo. It's like a tattoo. It's like a tattoo. It's like a tattoo. It kind of feels like it, a little bit like the beginning part, it stings. Yeah, it goes away fast, right? Yeah, it goes away really fast. All right, good. But then once it cools down it feels really good. All right, good. Rob, what's up? Anthony, I got beef with you. What did I do? You're the only guy who, drawing that bit, could actually talk about the...I know it's gay and much types and... Oh, man. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What can we put on the website, Jill? As long as there are no pictures of your face? Did you hear that squealing? That squealing was unbelievable. I am dead. By the time I get home I'm supposed to come around the corner, get something at the store for dinner, it's been 45 minutes. I am a dead man. The only source I'm going to have when I get home is getting on my computer and seeing these pictures. Otherwise I could be miserable. Did you get any pictures of us as we were dripping the wax and stuff, Rick, or you were just worried about the body shots? Yeah, you're going to take pictures of us when you have that. No, I'm just asking, just so people know what was going on if we had the candles up in the air. After she leaves maybe we can just stand there with some candles and we can snap some pictures. Unbelievable. Alright, Rod, thank you. Alright, take care guys. Bye. Let's go to George real fast. George, what's up? Hey, what's up guys? How are you? You guys can't be doing this while I'm driving home. I almost crashed my car on the white snow. Yeah, the way you were stealing, getting the guys really hot here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. I'm not here. Leslie is going to tell us how to do it correctly. Leslie. Oh yeah, we were doing it all wrong. We were doing it all wrong, Leslie. Yes, you were doing it all wrong. Why? Because you got it, first you got to start with baby oil and then you have to cover the area with the baby oil and then you have to put ice on the area and then you drink the wax and then it comes on nice and good. What are you, a dyke? No, we had it done. You had it done? Yeah. Wow, that's good. And it's awesome that way. And clean up is very easy. Oh sure, sounds like it. Thank you, Leslie. You're welcome. She makes it really fun and spontaneous, doesn't she? Yeah, I know, right? You have to go to the grocery store or something. And you're in a truck. All right, we're open for business. How big are the targets, Tommy wants to know? They were a very nice size. Yes. What would you call that? Targets are bigger than silver dollar. Yeah. You have that nice like, the nipage. Yeah, that fades. I like the fade. So did I do well? You did excellent. Bravo. I can't wait to see the hidden video. I mean, just kidding. Wow, Greg checking in. 14 years old, you guys make puberty fun. Glad we can help. Yeah, we didn't have this when we were growing up. Hey, they're going to get it somewhere and we might as well supply the info. I learned it from you, okay? All right, we got to thank Jill for stopping on by the show. She'll be at the next road show for us. Coming, coming, coming. That rock, thank you. I hope you like to mow my lawn. Yes, it's already mowed, believe me. All right, and up next, the second part of Bit of the Week. Trust me, stick around, it's Spaz and his credit card. It's Lifestyles of the Incredibly Stupid with Robin Leach. There's a hotel room. It's just an amazing bit. Ridiculous. It's ridiculously funny and you're going to enjoy it. So stay right where you are, okay? Yep. We'll be back. All right, here it comes. Anthony is evil but Opie is worse than him. We're off to a flying start here on the Opie and Cruel and Inhuman show. 1027 WNEW. Yes, Anthony, car cash. Yeah, this is how you sell your car. Through car cash, not an ad in the paper. In the paper, what's that going to take you? Like at least a month to get rid of your car. You want the cash quick, top dollar, paid for your car, van pickups, four by fours. Car cash, always looking for cars to buy. Leases, they'll buy it. That's right. I wonder if I could like rent a, first rent a car for like 20 bucks and take it over there and sell it. I don't think so. But yeah, don't even consider selling in or trading your car until you go to car cash. Give them a call at 1-800-CAR-CASH. Listen to this horror story from a girl named Jill. She took an ad out in the paper to sell her car. The guys came over, pinned it down and dripped hot wax all over her ass. She should have called car cash. Yeah, they've been buying cars for over 20 years so they know exactly what they're doing now. Like Ann said, they pay a top dollar for your ride. They make it so freaking easy for you with one simple phone call. So make that phone call if you've got a car that you want to sell. 1-800-CAR-CASH, 1-800-CAR-CASH. Visit car cash on the web at www.carcash.com or stop by car cash on West Fifth Street between 11th and 12th Avenue in Manhattan. Or give them a call at 1-800-CAR-CASH. That's 1-800-CAR-CASH. 1-027-WNEW, it's Opien Anthony. We're in the middle of a commercial break here. We're trying to catch up a little bit because of Jill and the hot wax little bit we just did, Anthony. Yeah. The listener is just freaking out, enjoying the hell out of what they just heard there. Who the hell do we think we are playing 12 minutes of commercial? I know, I apologize, but we're running really, really late. That's why we're breaking in here in the middle of it because we want to make sure you guys stick around for a bit of the week, which is Spaz and his credit card and lifestyles of the incredibly stupid and the very expensive hotel room he stayed in for his birthday. Oh, it's ridiculous. It's definitely worth sticking around for, okay? And we're only about four minutes away from that, all right? All right. All right, a lot of people commenting about the wax bit, though. Yeah, people really dug that. Wax on, whack off is being written down on instant feedback about a hundred times by different people. You know what? I know that we have mostly the faithful listeners still with us here. You want to give out the boxing tickets or the car show? Wow, look at that, if you stuck out through those commercials. So a pair of boxing, or we could do a pair of kitty? Let's do a pair of boxing tickets. This is huge. If you're not into boxing, please let someone else win because this is a very hot ticket. We got a pair of tickets to see the heavyweight championship of the world. Lennox Lewis and Michael Grant going at it. April 29th at the Garden. For ticket info, call 212-307-7171. Ouch. Or if you're the 10th caller right now at 212-757-1027, you get the tickets, okay? Ouch. All right, Ant, let me count. One, two, three, four minutes. And we're back with Bit of the Week. It's worth sticking around for. Stay there. It's the Kevlar kind of day. 1027 WNEW. Huh? Oh, we're back. Shut up. It happens from time to time. Wow. Don't worry, we won't make a habit of it like some other people. Yeah. It just happens sometimes when you have a hot chick and she wants, you know, hot wax dripped all over your body. What are you going to do? Go to commercials or get the job done? Postpone the, you know, inevitable. All right. So we give you that great radio and then we make up for it on the other end. So shut up. What do we got now? We got to get right into Spaz's little birthday. Okay, you guys all went out to dinner and then Spaz told us about his birthday. Yeah. Where he spent huge amounts of cash on his brand new credit card, just like everybody's done, I guess, at some point in their life. He's rucking a massive credit card debt on things he cannot afford. Only as Spaz can do it and tell it. All right, Anthony? Yes. Here it is, believe it or not, Bit of the Week. All right. Welcome back to the show. You'll never hear that. Just practicing. Yeah. For nothing. Want to say hi to our new audience in Dallas, Dallas, Texas. Check it out. The open Anthony show. Hello, Dallas. Are all our affiliates back on the show? Yeah. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. We're back on the show. All right, Ann. Yes. Now let's get to the reason why we call Spaz in. Well, he was talking about his birthday, which was yesterday, I guess. And he stayed in the city. What night? Monday. Monday night. He stayed in the city. He stayed in the big city. Figured you'd splurge for your birthday, right? Yes. You and Eric, I presume? Yes. Erica and Spaz stayed in the city. Stop looking at me, man. Jesus, now I'm paranoid. Christ. Want me to stop smiling, too? Spaz, call my family. They'll let you in on a few things about me. I have a barrier like Anthony. That's why him and I get along. We don't like people getting too close. And we know how far not to go with the barrier. It's simple, hey, how you doing? Everything okay? You know, got a problem in life. Jesus. Dude, what's up? And nothing. Oh my God. BS or this BS. Then you move on. All right. But we don't even get that far talking about things. Well, maybe someday, Spaz. Anyway, let's get back to your birthday. You spent it in the city Monday. Went to the city. Now, with your lovely girlfriend, Erica. Erica. Very surprised she's still with you. After the stuff you've pulled on her. But that's okay. She gave you another chance, right? Yes, very good. All right. So now, open. Open. So now, open. Let's say you're working at a radio station. It's your entry level position into the biz. So it probably doesn't pay all that much. I made less than Spaz. Yeah. At my first radio job. This is officially Spaz's first radio job. Yeah. Now, well, you've got to take into consideration the cost of living. And the things go up. The pay rate has gone up. And it was the early 70s. Yeah, right? So on an even basis, probably comparable to what you were making. Based in the high. That's fair enough. Sure. So if you were going to stay in Manhattan, you would probably really shop around for a hotel because it's very hard to stay in Manhattan for under a couple of hundred bucks in a room. It doesn't matter where you stay. If you could get a rate of 150, oh my God, you're lucky. And I would be all over Priceline. Yeah. I would panic if it was anything more than $200. I would panic. But it's my birthday. I'm with my new girlfriend because her is kind of like a new girl with Spaz. Seven months. Seven months is relatively new. I'd splurge and go, OK, I think I could swing about $200. Two bills. No more, no less. Right. That would get you what? Howard Johnson's something. Something's on 11th Ave. The Holiday Inn over here in Midtown maybe. Something nice. Not Fleabag, but you're not talking the four-star luxury hotel. Anyone want a hazard to guess which hotel Spaz chose to stay at? Oh no. Spaz. How many stars? Four-star hotel? Dude, hold up another finger. They go up to five. A five-star hotel? Yeah. What are you nuts? What Ben? I think after the four seasons this is rated the top hotel in Manhattan. Dude, he stayed at the St. Regis. Oh my God. Oh my goodness. Jesus. Like, would you ever dream of walking in there unless it was a freebie for a promotional thing or something? All right, Spaz, let me tell you something. He and I are doing pretty well these days. Not great. Still underpaid. I wouldn't spend a night there. I don't have the money for that. I'm Diamond Spaz Brady. The St. Regis? St. Regis. He stayed at the St. Regis. Now this is great. This is great. Did you have a doorman and everything? Did he bring your bag? I had a butler. Oh my goodness. They assigned a personal butler to each room. Jeeves. Yes, Jeeves. A personal butler. So Adrian, yeah. Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves, Jeeves. Could you get the car? You give me a ride around the park, you know how I love the park Guys are there now all the time. I think I would like to take a bath Alright spats, so you figured you were splurging. Yeah, so you have any idea how much this was gonna cost No, see I called to the Pennsylvania and the Peninsula Hotel, but I couldn't get a reservation. So I only knew of the St. Regis So you just called and said I need it for Monday night didn't ask the cost or anything, right? I did ask the cost but I thought that The amount that they gave me was the standard price for a room and how much was the amount they gave you on the phone? They gave me on the phone six and a quarter, but it was Oh If you even want to go if you even want to go a little higher end for a hotel Instead of like the Holiday Inn or the Days Inn or something like that There's the the Nova tell which is like a upper end of the Sheridan the the Parker Meridian the park Central it is these are all hotels based in the $200 frame on 200 to $300 frame Six hundred and what 25 625 for a room with a personal bottle. What did the butler do? Give me the whole butler's whole little He could have gotten a great set of pots for that price. Yeah, right, right? All right, hold on So did you pull up to the St. Regis actually we walk from Grand Central I At least get your woman like a Cab rider Well, I'm not with a duffle bag It was funny though that they were all like didn't want to let me in at first because I was wearing my heavy metal t-shirt with my torn jeans Okay, so a little wet this is Great, all right, so then you I want and I gotta know what the butler did the bow we forget he pressed my clothes He pressed your heavy metal He ironed your clothes To the iron your underwear and everything No, just like much my pants iron your clothes and was it the heavy metal t-shirt or something else? It was a heavy metal t-shirt and the shirt that I wore the president's later that night Yes, your heavy metal t-shirt is done sir, would you like the creases down the side? Sorry, I seem to have put the crease in the wrong spot, you know Now span Did you indulge in any room service I Know no, but but I did being thrifty. I did tackle the Alcohol bar. Oh the mini bar in the wrong now those things are spaz are very expensive. I didn't know that what do you? What do you mean? You didn't know well, I found the bar menu after I partook in the alcohol I thought you thought it was like a comp like it was free. Yes There's 600 and some odd dollars for a room you figured that the alcohol was free and Alcohol to get you over the bill and the rice crispy bar and the candy bar and so how much was your mini bar bill? Well, well, they added everything altogether for a grand total of seven hundred and forty three dollars Do you realize that that's a month's pay Rent That's easily a month a month's pay for you. Yeah, I get paid by cash. Oh you use your credit card I just got a credit card. Oh my god. I just got it like five days ago. Oh No, is this your first credit card by very first? Oh my god Do you know what this is? Give me your credit card? I'm gonna do you a favor? I'm gonna rip it up right now I'm gonna I'm gonna cut it in half, but that's not well I just love more than 743 spent on it right now. What's your what's your uh? Maximum what's your limit on the car fifty five hundred fifty five hundred how much do you have on it already? How much do I spend on it? Yeah, how much is already have you spent on two grand? And you got it how long ago five days ago five Dude you are on the slippery slope of credit card debt your pal Anthony can tell you all about this Point in my life when I had a crappy job. I Had three credit cards and about $20,000 in credit card debt It took me three years Of doing radio up in Boston making more than I was making in construction But it took me three years pay off the car paid off and making a real effort I mean throwing every spare dime I had at the credit card bill, and I was making pretty good money now you're making um Entry level money yes in five days you have cut your credit limit in half on this card Mm-hmm, you're probably gonna go out and and do the other half within a week. No, I'm gonna hide it on myself What it doesn't work. What else did you buy? Well? I'm wearing part of it now the shirt and jeans that I'm wearing now Yeah, I spent I'm not I've got an old good good price at Old Navy Ah good price at Old Navy and then what else any other splurges dinner? Did you uh just by Zanos ah? Paisanos what's free we free there tip You put the tip on the credit card put the tip on the credit card all right spas now I gotta ask you this one too cash advance. I know no cash I haven't got my pin code for that yet. Oh, but when you get your pin number Do you know how much interest is on the cash advance? No clue. Do you know how much interest you're paying on this card? I believe twelve point nine, but I didn't read the paperwork yet It's probably twelve point nine for the first three months, and then it goes up to like 1999 say yeah, and then cash advance is closer to 25% So I mean your minimum payment could be like 80 bucks out of that 80 10 of it will go towards paying off your debt and 70 they pocket as as interest well It's amazing and it never ends because you know what happens when you get done chalking this up They'll send you more and you will use them. I know you I Did the same thing and you know something to this day after I paid it all off I do not own a credit card I have an American Express card that gets paid off the end of the month and that is its credit cards are so friggin dangerous Spas especially at your age at your pay rate, and and you seem like you're getting a little irresponsible here five days two grand How do you how could you pay off? At the same region 140 bucks in one hundred forty three bucks for one night. How long were you in your room? Not counting sleeping why yeah, I was kind of angry. I fell asleep like 11 o'clock And then you woke up hours. I'm gonna check out a couple hours tops cuz I was in Manhattan just shopping So you fell asleep 11 at night? Yeah, and you woke up when I woke up at about two hours before checkout So so he oh my god, he's so into the night in a bed So you you checked in for seven hundred forty three bucks Yeah, then left to do shopping what time did you check in I checked in at two o'clock? Okay two o'clock He's getting his money's worth so but you were out of the room until you came back when I was out of the room until nine nine at night So two hours. He's what you're watching TV. Yes. Did you rent any of the movies? No, just we're just watching TV Just watching TV two hours later. He's out. Yes. Did you bang in the room? All right, that's not Just thinking for that kind of cash and two hours you're in the room You better have had a really good time personal information. Okay. All right, so you banged her. All right So so Seven hundred and forty bucks go on your credit card for one night. Yes, was it worth it? Do you wish you would have stayed at a different place maybe without the butler a Butler Opie have you ever stayed in a hotel with a butler? I don't want to know funny part I have no desire to be that fancy But the place is great though. Yeah setup is wonderful. It's wonderful Yeah, I bet this just in from stone sea from Jersey tell spaz to hide his credit card in the same place He puts his brain that way he'll never find it Spaz did you lie on your credit card application about how much you actually make? No, I didn't you didn't pad the number just a little to the high side I am at $5500 credit limit Well, it's it's part of a exclusive academic club What exclusive academic club is this it's called who's who You're you have a who's who credit card. Yeah, it's for those who have achieved academic Accomplishments You're one of those who's who people yeah, are you in a who's who book yes Academic accomplishment what what did you have to write down that was your academic accomplishment? No, but I know it's they they submitted my name to be in the who's who club Mike. I own a college Submitted my name how much did it cost you? I don't remember to get in I really don't remember, but I'm a part of this and I'm in the their yearbook So they send you a credit card based on your who's who status yes with a $5500 credit limit yes of which you've burned 2,000 already yes Yes, ladies and gentlemen lifestyles of the incredibly stupid Today we delve into the life of spaz As you may have heard this time before but it really applies the spads nigger rich Spaz Making in the tens of dollars working at any w Spending it like a drunken sailor Look at his room here at the st. Regis Him and his lovely girl Erica have a personal butler iron is heavy metal t-shirt Here he is whisking his lovely lady away on a train at Grand Central Station Where they will walk 50 blocks to the beautiful st. Regis Hotel Costing more money than he sees in a year Oh Choked up on his who's who credit card As we speak spaz is over his limit After a fancy dinner at paesano's Which spaz gets for absolutely free he generously tips the waiter on his new credit card What a pain in the ass for the waiter who now has to claim it on his taxes You dumb prick Life styles of the incredibly stupid Here he is wearing the st. Regis robe which he took home and they had chopped him an additional $500 Did you wear the robes fast no and the slippers I want a slipper Those tacked another $85 on his bill. Let's delve into the minibar Living like spaz on a diet of rice crispy treats and chivis Dining like the stars Spaz how did that $25 Snickers bar take? Something to think of it. I want to be your friend now Dinner tonight Just this just in from one from Queensville and chase spaz the butler wants you to call him because he felt withdrawn from you They'll be with all the money spaz has maybe he could buy a nice strapless dress to wear for your date tonight Champagne wishes and ravioli dreams I Spaz for one evening out on the town at the st. Regis Able to get away from his normal diet of weenies and beans Or room service at the st. Regis Here he is being greeted by the doorman that won't even let him in until he gives a reservation number Oh Here is spaz rockwell who wants to stay at the st. Regis with us that's acting like a millionaire As has about $3,000 left Maybe about 3500 we have another three days of spaz acting like Donald Trump Is spaz writing out his check for 25% interest That's Fernando and line 9 says you could have went to Cancun for a week on that money. Yeah If you're gonna spend the money you might as well like If you could treat myself here comes the repo man spaz is bad to repossess his brand new old Navy clothes As you can star in the the remake of the jerk Wow, he could right spaz you are gonna go through that credit card so fast But you're hiding it won't count matter either Why you'd be because you hide it and then you just go I just use it for this one thing and then before you know it no more credit limit you're left with the bills Nothing to show for it. What else somebody wants to know they did the math that $1,300 That you have spent on this thing other than your st. Regis stay. Yes. What did you spend it on? It couldn't be $1,300 in dinner at Paisanos and clothes. No, there's another big charge on there, isn't there? Yeah, did you buy some form of electronics yes, what did you buy spaz? Okay, I Purchased stuff to upgrade my computer system. Okay. I bought computer games. I bought PlayStation games I bought $200 pair of boots $200 boots Wonderful here spaz lounging in his spaz pad and his $200 boots playing his brand new PlayStation game. Oh Look at that bills just pouring in but spaz doesn't care. He works at any W Look at the lovely beanbag chair, he's practice for his lovely apartment. Oh My god Bought some stuff. What did you what spaz is also getting a new apartment, you know? Yeah, I know where you're looking Central Park West No I figured I could stay there for three hours The rent I haven't figured out I could stay there three hours. It's great. It's overlooking the park. It's beautiful I'm evicted already in the time. It took me to say that oh my god, so you spent all that money Revamping your computer and how much did all that equipment cost you that equipment cost me about? 500 yeah, okay five beans there. Yeah, and then for the boots and then two for the boots Yeah, some new clothes some new clothes. There's flowers. You're buying thing for Eric. Yes, I did I bought her a nice outfit and some of the things she needed. Yeah. All right It's spaz is defense because a bunch of people are calling they're saying hey, man Everyone has done this when they first get that credit. Yeah, we have I mean that's why I mean But I totally went I I I'd never had the balls to like spend 743 bucks one night in a hotel when I first got my credit I was dumber get this me working on my tin knocker salary. They sent me a credit card with an $8,000 credit with haul eight thousand bucks. I'm rich now. Did I piss it away? No, but did I do something incredibly stupid? Yes. What did Anthony buy? What'd you do? I bought a Cedric Esky That's right on a credit card. I remember the jet-ski laid out that thing Well, but I had three of the best summers of my life and I was able to sell it after I was done kept it in Good condition. I paid interest up the ass for it. But um, you know, I was able to sell it for something Not like, you know, if you piss it away. Oh My god on dinners and things like that, which I also have done don't get me wrong I mean I was incredibly stupid tips to the waiters at paisano Instead of cats and did I got to ask you did you tip the butler? Yes, I did not only credit card I give him cash. I slipped him one I gave him a good president. Mr. George Washington No, I said like come here. Let me take care of you. Let me take care and how much did you give him? I greased his palm. Well, I Give him to ten dollars ten bucks ten bucks to iron your your Thank you, I listen people call it up with their credit card horror stories We do have to take a break here anything else you want to get out in oh my god This just in Opie your girlfriend Sandy. Yeah checking in. Yeah, she just ordered a cruise But don't worry spaz Opie will pay you We gotta take a break spaz well, happy birthday happy Is he a catalyst for this damn show or what there is no other human being like him I cannot believe how screwed you are credit wise. This is gonna f you up so bad. Oh My god, dude rip. Give me the card. He's not gonna know I know what that's like It's like go go up into The hundreds there in the streets and ask the guy for the crack pipe go ahead. Give me your crack pipe It's the same thing. He's felt it. He knows what it's like now. He knows pulling out that plastic Oh, that's pretty cool. Isn't it? You're getting all this stuff and it's like it ain't even money Great. I just got a sign my name. It's free This is free stop. It's great spaz has been a card member since April 2000 Being the new commercial member since April 2000 spaz you're gonna are you thinking about any trips or anything? You can just go right up to the right up to the desk at American Airlines or something whoosh Whoosh, they sweep that card through all the sudden you're winging your way to Cali Traveling around the world with spaz and his credit card Here spaz in Monaco Leaving the airport on foot with his new $200 boots to walk to the hotel 15 miles away But he'll be staying at the wonderful Monaco Sheridan for $740 a night Now here's spaz in Paris, France Here he is walking from the airport to the hotel thank God he took the concord there and saved some time Pickets on the congo $3,000 each but who cares I just signed my name Shopping at the old Navy in Bangkok. It's spaz around the world Here's spaz in Japan Wonderful buying a brand new Sony PlayStation 2 in Japan and then hopping on a plane and going home to play Say good day to spaz in Australia Here he is wrestling an alligator who got a hold of his credit card and frolicking on the beaches of Hawaii In Hawaii His heavy metal t-shirt Here's the butler ironing his heavy metal t-shirt in Hawaii Spaz and his credit card winging about the globe Spaz on safari in Africa Spaz comments look at all the color here He might be a big spender, but he's still a racist He can be quoted in the hotel in Africa saying I think that coon stole my number Bellboy bellboy grab my bag Tipping the bellboy a quarter How'd you like to mow my lawn? Make a few extra pots Spaz in Piccadilly Circus There he is at his hotel raiding the minibar That's great Alright Our phone number two one two seven five seven one oh two seven we gotta take a break. Okay. Yeah, we are really late We're really late. I will be back On New York radio Superchalice Spaz with midway anime makes me nauseous Don't know why we keep him with the trouble that he causes Man's a bum with brain damage and spongebob for some more He's superchalice Spaz with midway anime makes me nauseous Dumb little idiot, dumb little guy Dumb little idiot, dumb little guy Dumb little idiot, dumb little guy Dumb little idiot, dumb little guy Dumb little idiot, dumb little guy O.B. and Anthony 1027 WNEW Anthony Fidelity Diamond You're gonna get married are ya? I won't editorialize But if you want to The place to get your engagement ring Fidelity Diamond The engagement ring specialist They make sure you get in the best buy They educate you O.B. about your diamond Yeah very very important The one thing we can tell you about Fidelity Diamond You're not gonna get ripped off You go in there and like Ann said They educate you about your diamond Like you did your girl The diamond is right in front of you You can watch them set it So you know they're all legit Everything's above the table here at Fidelity Diamond Lots of happy listeners have gone to Fidelity Diamond Yes also Any unwanted diamonds Tournament to instant cash Fidelity Diamond has a buying service Sell diamonds after break up or divorce Or if you inherited grandma's diamonds Sell them Get what you want Fidelity offers you the areas highest prices paid On the spot Fidelity a family owned Now going into their 18th year Of business You don't wanna mess this up do you To get married Do the right thing get educated Call Tom Calicino president of Fidelity Diamond I met Tom did you He was kind of bummed you weren't here that day I was gonna say, you just made me freak out Wait a minute did you go down to Fidelity Diamond You weren't supposed to say anything. No, no. No, Tom was walking the hallways and I took a picture with him. He was hoping to meet you Anthony. Very good guy and I could see why he is a legit businessman there. Very good. Give him a call. President of Fidelity Diamond, Tom Calisino for a confidential appointment 201-261-6555. Fidelity Diamond located on Route 17 south in Paramus, just minutes from Manhattan in Rockland County. Give him a call. You're getting engaged. Educate yourself on diamonds. Fidelity Diamond 201-261-6555. 201-261-6555. Simple as this, Fidelity Diamond, they will not rip you off, okay? Right. Okay, we got to head out of here Anthony. We had a fun week of radio. Yeah, we're out. We'll be back Monday. I want to thank Foote for stopping in today and helping us out. The Naked Girl got in the way. Foote wanted to do some bits but I think you understand. Foote, where are you performing? Well next week I am not only the keyboard player of the band, I'm also a comic. Not as famous as Adam, but I will be at McGuire's Comedy Club out in Bohemia on Friday the 28th. What's the date today, the 21st? It's a week in advance. I'm here now. What am I going to do? You could call up. Friday the 28th and the 29th, also with Rock Rube and one of the writers from Kings of Queens so stop in. Okay, and of course tomorrow you'll be joining us down at Sgt. Pepper's in Huntington. Sgt. Pepper's? Anthony, I will be there. Yes, we're going to have fun. Come hang out, drink a couple of beers. It's not a road show right now. No, it's not. It's us just watching Anthony and his brother. It's us hanging out and playing some songs. Yeah, it'll be a good time, okay? Alright guys, hey man, thanks for listening to us this week. We totally appreciate that. Have yourself a great weekend and we'll pick up the debauchery Monday at 2, alright?