 And... I can't go one afternoon without spanking my junk. Okay, terrific. OP, Anthony, 1027, WNEW. It's Friday! Friday! Friday! Ah, yes, it is Friday. It's the OP and Anthony show. Hey, what's up? What? This rage is so loud in my headphones. I know, I can barely hear. Sorry. 212-757-1027 is our phone number. You're gonna need that as the show moves along here. You should write that number down. You never know when you're gonna want to call. Yes, of course. Fax line 212-957-9639. And we are ready to rock. Today my computer started. There we go. Yes, the coffee is in action. Almost done with the coffee. We got a real busy show today, Anthony. Yeah. I believe Jay Moore's stopping by before he goes back to LA tomorrow. Oh, yeah? Uh, Kevin Pollak's stopping by. You think they'll fight? Kevin Pollak and Jay Moore? Yeah. No, I don't think so. We got oil wrestling today to calm everyone the F down. Wow, how did that happen? How do we actually get that going? Uh, I don't know. I'm amazed sometimes at what we can get moving on this show. The bosses are gone too. Yeah, no, they just said, take it easy. That's not good. That's good when the bosses commute to faraway lands. They go to another state. No, no, no, how I feel when the bosses leave, like sometimes they leave on Thursday, sometimes they leave on Friday. Yeah. It just reminds me of being in like ninth, tenth grade and my parents going, okay, so we're leaving for a week. Yeah. Take care that, you know, you've been thinking about them leaving for forever, knowing what debauchery you're going to get into as soon as they pull the car out of the driveway. I know. And it finally happens and like, okay, so we're gone. We'll see you next week sometime. That's how I'm feeling right now. It's like, okay, what do we do first? What do we do first? Do we order the keg? Do we, you know, call all our pals? Yeah, because I think we could take the drinking memo and throw it away after the coffee. So they're already, it's funny, Jeremy left 10 minutes ago. They're already setting up the blue tarp outside the studio for the oil rescue. Yes. Nice. Hopefully we will be out of trouble. Joel. Yeah, Joel. Just don't break the big crystal egg. Right. Joel. Let's try not to do that. Sometimes you have to say, what the F? Right. So. Every day. It's going to be fun. And of course, right around the corner, Anthony. Yeah. Spazz's, do we have his, his like song and stuff? Where's his jingle? Where's his jingle and that other thing from last week? We got Spazz's Week in Review. Did you give it a little listen, a little preview? Did you catch any of it? The Spazz Week in Review? Yeah. Yeah, I checked it out a little bit. Is it good, funny? I don't know. Entertaining, classic Spazz? I believe you're going to be quite entertained today. After you left the office last night, Spazz comes in to talk to Jeremy, who is in our office. I got to get to Spazz Week in Review on tape, but Earl is in one of the studios, and Second Watch Studios being used by Jim. I really got to get this done. So me, you know, I never speak up. I don't care about anything that goes on in this place. But I turned around at that point and went, Jeremy, this is top priority. Spazz has to get into a studio to do this. I never speak up like that. I just have to use my executive power. That's brilliant. You get Earl out of the studio. Whatever you got to do, Spazz has to get in there. Well, let me see. I did take a quick listen because I didn't want it to get boring like last week. Because I felt like the Spazz Week in Review started off strong and then just came to a screeching halt. So I had to cut out some of the boring stuff. All the stuff like you heard last week that made it bad, like some of the sports crap and all that. But he does have some good commentary on Raft Boy. Raft Boy? Ugandans. Well, everybody, I'm obviously curious if he has any comments on people urinating off the rooftops. Well, I almost cut the story out. Really? Because we did an awful lot on the urinating off the top of buildings. No, I kept that in there, Anthony. Okay. He has some commentary about Suzanne Somers. What the hell has Suzanne Somers done up late? Well, he's a little confused. Oh, no. He thinks Suzanne Somers is someone else. That's all I'm saying. Oh, no. Oh, good. Classic Spazz. I love it already. He talks about the mass suicide in Uganda. Mexicans. He has a problem with Mexicans. Always. I don't know what it is with Mexicans. Let me see. Oh, and something about pipes. Pipes. On to the ground that can help firefighters better. Pipes. Yeah. All right. Spazz on pipes. They're eons away. I guess Giuliani found some pipes. Yeah. Is what I was getting from this little clip. Oh, good. I can't wait to hear it. And then he also has some commentary on Reverend Al. And I think that's about it. All right. So we're going to start that very, very soon, right around 3 o'clock. Yeah. So get your friends around the radio. Get your coffee or beers or your bong. Your heroin if you're going to be listening to Spazz. Here's the Weekend Review thing. Soon, politics has stopped. He's as dumb as a box of rocks. His lips are smacking, and he's trying to talk. This is it, the Weekend Review is back. He's dumb. Yeah. His own little jingle. But before we get into that. Yeah. A lot of people. Oh. Too many to count. Are very curious. They need a concert review from last night from our pal, Anthony. Yeah. Opie, this was one of their encore songs. Oh, yeah? Yeah. Last night at Roseland. Of course, I was there at the No Doubt Show. I think I had more pubes on me than in the entire place. I would have won the most pubes contest. So do you have a review from the No Doubt Show, Anthony? If you like No Doubt, it was a great show. Personally, I don't think she looks as hot as she used to. I think she's taking that Debbie Harry route. In a few years, you're not even going to recognize her. I don't know, Gavin's doing something to her. I think he's sucking her dry of any youth she has left. I don't like the pink hair. I was up on the balcony looking down on the prepubescent crowd. They all got pink hair. Looked like an Easter egg hunt down on the floor. Easter egg hunt, I said. I got you. I know. Somebody's giving me strange looks. Okay. It's kind of odd being in Roseland, a place where I actually saw many concerts. We had broadcast live there. My God, I saw on one bill the chili peppers, pearl jam, and smashing pumpkins at Roseland once years ago. There I am, drinking hand, walking around, bumping into moms, carting around their nine-year-old daughters that are wearing their PJs so they can go right to bed when they get home. You're spilling beer all over them. It was a kid touches dream there last night. You had your belly shirt on. Yeah, I had my belly shirt on. So you had my belly ring. And then you dyed my hair pink. And you're hallucinating. So I went there, hung out. I want to say hi to everybody I met there last night. A couple of fans there lambasted me. It's a school day, so they're not home yet. A lot of young ladies there. A lot of kids struggling with that puberty thing. They were on there last night. I didn't know your girlfriend was bringing her friends. That's real funny, Opie. Real funny. Very humorous. Come on. So a few people said hi. A few people I can't talk about on this radio show. Oh, really? Yeah. It was very... Yeah, it was very... And it was no doubt. The crowd just sounded like... It was like when somebody won the snake can game on Wonderama. The same sound. It was kind of high pitched. Oh, yes. Huge response from the crowd on this one. The lighters came out. Oh, yeah. The hands. The little hands waving back and forth. Right. Come on, you had to be laughing when this song started up. The little stick legs coming out of the shorts with the knobby knees. The little buds. Put it this way. I'd have bet any amount of money playing Guess What's in My Pants with any of the girls that were there last night would flop. Right. There I was, waving my arms back and forth. Yeah, don't touch. Don't touch. Don't touch. Let me go to Mark. Hey, Mark, what's up? Hey, man, I think I saw Anthony throw panties on the stage for the naked drummer. Yeah, that was a weird thing. Somebody, the drummer, from No Doubt, is naked. He's just wearing a thong underwear. And he's in front of girls that are, I swear to God, nine years old, nine, ten, twelve, fourteen. He gets out and then somebody threw panties on the stage. He takes his thong panties off. So now he's completely naked on stage in front of... Dude, I swear to God, ask this guy, right? Yeah. Yeah, completely naked in front of a prepubescent crowd. And then he puts the other pair of undies on and goes back behind the drums. It was really weird. He came right in front of the drums, said right to the front of the stage, and was just dark naked. And Gwen's saying, oh, those are my panties that you throw out into the audience. You know, um... With the woman stain in them, too. With the period stain. Yeah. And it's like, you kids don't even know what you're talking about, period. They've got a couple of years left. Where is your girlfriend during the show, Anthony? I think I saw you. You were on the stage with some other guy in a big leather jacket, right? On stage? No, no, there was a stage on the right side, the balcony area, you were with some guy with like real long hair? No, I wasn't on that side. Oh, I wasn't? Okay. That's the other radius there. I thought it was... So I'm glad you didn't go scream, okay, terrific, at the guy. No, I was on the other side, by the window. Where I could, uh, see the fan. Yeah. Well, thank you, Mark. No problem. Take care, guys. Yeah, that was kind of weird. Took his clothes off in front of the kids. Lacey, what's up? Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Okay, you're on the air. Hi. Um, I was at the show last night. I didn't see you, though. I was looking totally everywhere, but... You weren't tall enough. I definitely wasn't. Couldn't see above everyone's head, you're so tiny. Just small. Um, I'm not that... Well, I'm tiny, but I'm definitely older. Just look for the guy that could have been any of those girls' dads. Yeah, I was. I was looking for the old guy in the crowd, but, you know... Ha-ha, geez. I didn't see you. How old are you, Lacey? Twenty-one. Oh. Yeah, I was one of the old folks there. Yeah. Lacey. Um, I just want to tell you that you were wrong about the encore. Why? They didn't do Don't Speak. I mean, they didn't do Just a Girl for the encore. They did, uh, Better What. Oh, what the... What the hell do I know? I felt like I was paying attention. Well, I just wanted to call you out on that one. Thank you. Thank you, Lacey. All right, bye. Let's go to Steve real fast before we get to as fast as we can review. Steve, what's going on? Yeah, Anthony. Yeah? What's up with your mom? Take you and your dad up in the station line after the show. Ha-ha-ha. Yeah, that was kind of funny. It was like a bunch of parents there. You think that's bad? I went to a Gnostic front in New Jersey last weekend. Yeah. And it was a non-alcoholic show. There were kids there that must have been like 10, 9 years old, doing nothing. You couldn't even smoke in the building. Yeah, well, this was weird, because there were people just drinking, boozing it up, and you turn around... Well, you're lucky you had that. There's a kid right there in front of you. That's how you... We had people, what do you call, bald, you know, a little... Headbanging, running around, couldn't smoke, couldn't drink, nothing. We were the two longest-haired people in the place, me and my buddy. I think I saw a couple of 14-year-old girls lose their virginity on top of the crowd last night in the pit. Did you go surfing? Yeah, surfing. All right, Steve, thank you. All right, take care, man. But after the show, the station wagons were pulling up. You had the parents taking their kids by the hand and walking them out. You know, how was the show? And then there's just these kids on... You could tell they're on X, a couple of them, up on the balcony. This one guy's like dancing around with his arms flailing, totally like X'd out of his gourd. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Well, thank you for the review of the No Doubt Show. No problem, Ope. Kate, that jerk. No problem. All right, I think we're ready for Spaz's Week in Review. Oh, good. We're going to heat off a van. Yeah, we're going to... You took it well, though, Anthony. Well, you know, what am I going to do? I went. I went to the concert. We're going to take a quick break. I think we're going to dedicate this song to Anthony. Oh, good, good. It ain't over yet, huh? Well, you only have two more minutes left. A little ditty. All right. Each time I see a little girl, I hate her nine or ten. I can't resist the urge to stick my tongue inside of them Because I'm horny for little girls For little girls who have hairless little p***s I'm horny for little girls I get them hot on alcohol and pot That little butt surround so tight and shiny It makes you want to stash your junk inside her ass I'm horny for little girls I want to bang them all, sometimes as young as one or two And then I kill them when I am through I'm horny for little girls I tape their mouths and tie them to the wall I'm horny for little girls I bite them and I make them lick my b***s Their little nips so helpless and appealing I want to slice them off and mount them on the ceiling I'm horny for little girls I'm horny for them all, no matter where, no matter who Without them, my old b***s would be blue I'm horny, I'm so horny I'm horny for little girls Come sit on my lap little girl, I have some candy for you Hey you 1027 WNEW's new nighttime liner Pretty cool It starts after Opie and Anthony at 7 at the Don and Mike show Then at 11, check out 2 smartasses surfing the web Both on your thing Ron and Fez.com every weeknight on 1027 WNEW It's FU Friday with Opie and Anthony Korn playing this weekend Are we going to do that or not Ben? Did anyone else want them? No one else here wants them, let's give them away Alright, this sucks I had killer seats for the Korn show this weekend for tomorrow night I mean absolutely killer seats And I can't go Awww I gotta hang out with the family I'm so bummed Cool for me about No Doubt, at least I go to these Jesus Christ Well I got facts here Anthony I have an important message for Anthony DH1 will have a Behind the Music on Sunday featuring Ant's favorite group No Doubt I guess Ant is going to miss the season finale of the Sopranos this weekend So I can watch No Doubt Behind the Music Also can Ant please announce the new cable channel for the Lifetime Network And this guy wants to give a big FU to law school final exams for which I am studying for Thanks, syndication late is better than never There you go So I guess I'm going to give away my Korn tickets huh? We gotta do something cool because they're really good seats for tomorrow night What can we do for the Korn tickets? You have to pick them up today so you gotta kind of be in the area What if she pees on Spats when we're building? First person to do that? We gotta think of something soon, give people time to do it Yeah I'm thinking, well we got enough nudity happening today on the show I was thinking like first person to get completely naked or something What's wrong with that? Person Not person, sorry it's female Alright we'll think of something else Got an idea for it? No Alright we'll figure something out Alright Spats sit down Want to get this out of the way early? Let's see Jeffrey Pollock on my sheet Jeffrey Pollock? I don't know that name Kevin Pollock's coming in I know Jeff Pollock though I know Jeff Pollock Kevin Pollock's coming in I know Jeff Pollock though He's like a big wig in the radio industry or used to be That's Spats to pronounce his name again Pollock Kevin Pollock is coming today? No, no, Jeffrey Pollock I read it or wrote it down Did you write that Spats? I wrote it Oh really? Huge Hollywood star like Kevin Pollock is gonna come in and see Jeffrey Pollock Oh my goodness When is Kevin Pollock coming in? 4.30 alright The guy who was in The Usual Suspects Yes he was Academy Award winning actor Kevin Spats A few good men There we go LA Story I can't remember all the movies He's been in like every movie in the 90s He's in that new one The whole nine yards or whatever People saying he does a great walk in Uh oh I know he does a great Chattanoor I've seen that And he does a great Colombo He does a great Peter Falk The Peter Falk is very funny Yeah he gets the eye going and everything That'll be special considering it's a radio show It's a radio What we can say as he's doing it there Okay his eye is going Alright and when's the oil wrestlers coming in? About 5 o'clock 5 o'clock very busy show Maybe J. Moore's stopping by before he heads up He's specifically coming in just for the oil wrestling one Oh okay Oh another day of J. Moore Oh my god another day of J. Moore Oh look I'm saying it oh my god Alright I gotta get the phones ready We might even have some more audio from the fight too We were watching the video last night Of the J. Moore fat guy fight Yes Steve from the unofficial website edited together both of the tapes from the two camcorders that were rolling Did like a two camera shoot It's amazing he ought to win an Oscar And uh boy was that entertaining or what? Yeah The video tape We should give it to the Nigerians on the street they'd make a fortune off this video It is so friggin' tense and so funny And as you're watching it We kept saying this has got to be the most ridiculous argument I've ever heard in my life In the history of man When they start arguing over Star fish Chocolate starfish Chocolate starfish Pimp hand Pimp hand Yeah when Paul calls J. Moore out on the use of the line pimp hand Like he goes okay wait like the pressure was really getting strong against the guys from air sick So he just went like okay hold it how about this And we're like uh oh wait now Paul's got some serious stuff He's got something here it comes here it comes Pimp hand Like what? Pimp hand where did you get pimp hand? And I'm watching the video like this is the lamest argument This is like watching two three year olds fight over a Lego Pimp hand Pimp hand Pimp hand Norton If you're a comic O.B. O.B. You would know what I'm talking about Pimp hand Like people that have the in the video shows the the angry look on Paul's face You guys didn't think I could do voices what? Pimp hand If you were a comic O.B. See I can do the voices His face was so friggin angry you would think somebody did something You would think somebody really did something How angry he was If you were a comic O.B. Have I ever claimed to be a comic? How funny you're on the radio than those two ever were so that's all that matters to me How about for the corn tickets? Oh you got something? I'm thinking we have the new glass table out there why don't we break it in Girl comes in Cleveland steamer Cleveland steamer We could even tie it in if there's any corn Dude we're gonna get so screwed man Boss is gone Cleveland steamer We're gonna get so screwed Cleveland steamer Cleveland steamer Norton Cleveland steamer Norton Cleveland steamer O.B. Where'd you get that from? Cleveland You're stealing it from Cleveland off the ass Off the ass You didn't hear them laughing at all It's too bad you can't hear that on the radio Because it's just so subtle in the background You can hear people from their offices going Norton I want a Cleveland steamer Chalk it up Alice Cleveland steamer Alice What can we do for the corn tickets? My corn tickets Great seats tomorrow night Shoot Alright we still have time And let's get into Spazz's Week in Review Yeah I love this Soon, Holland takes back stock Whoa whoa He's as dumb as a box of rocks His lips start smacking when he tries to talk Come on This is it so we can review it fast He's dumb He's the biggest dumbass in town Whoa Spazz Radio Come on Alright Stupid You're so stupid I've been looking forward to this all week I must say Lewis already the call's coming in Don't let Spazz start We gotta go to Lewis real fast Lewis what's the matter? Yo man Great show but please please don't let him start I nearly cracked up My car in pain last time I was hearing this guy talk I swear to God I got a younger brother mentally retarded And he's smarter than Spazz I swear I'm gonna apply his name to Iona to see if he can get a master's program Because if Spazz got one my brother deserves a master's easily hands down Alright Oh God Almighty please don't let him start Well we have to Lewis Yo People look forward to the Spazz Week in Review Well like Dave on the Instant Feedback who just wrote Nooo Oh man Well I'll take my tranquilizer now Hopefully I'll wake up when it's over Alright thanks Lewis Yo guys have a great day man Make sure you wake up for the oil wrestling that's happening over there I'll be up for that one Hey syndication now no matter what they say out there Alright thank you Take care guys Are we setting up the Spazz cam for the... Oh all set Oh oh oh oh oh Is it updating right now even though nothing's going... Oh oh oh oh oh Okay Kevin Pollock was in Casino also Yes he was that was another movie I try to remember Grumpy Old Man Grumpy Old Man both of those Indian Summer, A Few Good Men Yes Look at that The Whole Nine Yards The new one Willow Willow right She's All That Sure yes End of Days yes there is an End of Days wonderful terrific movie End of Days Have you seen it? It's wonderful We might not mention that unless things are going well Wasn't he in that movie with Jennifer Love Hewitt? Where they lock the parents in the basement House Arrest House Arrest Thank you House Arrest Is Big Kev setting up the Blue Tarp? Yes The Blue Tarp cabaret Anthony Yeah I didn't think we'd be able to bring the Blue Tarp cabaret to New York but it has finally arrived It was stuck in storage in Boston for a few years It's the Blue Tarp Cabaret Yeah we love it Oil wrestling on the Blue Tarp cabaret today Alright Okay let's get into the Spaz's Weekend Review Oh boy How you doing Spaz? Very good You notice how we're stalling because we just don't want to go through this process again This kills me I cut it down I should have taken a whiz I cut it down as best as I can Beforehand because I know during the middle of it I'm just going to wet myself Alright here we go Anthony Alright Spaz's Weekend Review This is the Weekend Review with yours truly KDog And let's just get right into it Let's just begin with the Raft Boy Last week I gave my views on the immigrants coming to America And this time more immigrants are coming to America but this time by plane It seems that the American Congress is now allowing these people to come by plane Instead of trying to tough it out by boat What? The American Congress has allowed the Cubans to come by plane instead of by toughing it out by boat So you think it's up to the American Congress whether or not these people are allowed to get into our country? Yes because they can veto anything that the President puts forth Oh my God So are you talking about the one plane load that came up with the parents and everything? Yes but now this could start a trend where we allow all these other immigrants to come by plane We invite them in Don't you think Fidel Castro has something to do with this too? I would think so The American Congress The Easter Bunny ought to be held responsible Alright the American Congress is at fault here The American Congress, what a claim load of Cubans You know I can't hear that again, I'm sorry The American Congress Anthony Sounds like a farmer More immigrants are coming to America but this time by plane It seems that the American Congress is now allowing these people to come by plane Instead of trying to tough it out by boat And it's like instead of keeping these people out now we're like inviting them in Anyway, Raph Boyd's dad is coming to America to pick up his son Bringing him back to Cuba But everybody knows he's not going back He's just going to be another one of these cheap ass immigrants That's going to stay in America, rule the country And just be a total disturbance to us Anyway he's asking the United States to grant him 22 more visas Like we need 22 more Cubans in America We have enough of you people here Yeah there's a nice little picture here of Elian Gonzalez pointing a little toy gun I guess that's his future in America right? Except for it's not going to be a toy gun Wow Are you saying that Cubans usually end up to be criminals toting guns? Well they have that look about them They have that look about them Don't know what it is And what is that look? I'm always pissed off Oh my god I mean the skinhead look I've never seen one of them smile Cubans don't smile, carry guns And they have that pissed off look And pretty much every Cuban is a criminal Is what you're assuming at this point Spass? There are a lot of them in the jail system Now have you heard that there's going to be a protest That they're going to blockade the roads to Miami airport So that they can't get the kid out How about that one? The Cubans protesting Well I guess it gives them an excuse to mow them down Alright let's move on More commentary on Raft Boy right? Wow There we go Anyway so that's just going on with Raft Boy That wasn't too painful And we got through the first story This commentary on Raft Boy Holy Jesus And here we go Let's move on with Spass Radio He's the biggest dumbass in town Spass Radio Anyway what else is going on? In Uganda we have a mass suicide And one of the cultists left to get a meal Because apparently Suzanne Summers Or whatever her name is The Archie Bunker Girl Didn't get enough money Suzanne Summers Suzanne Summers The Archie Bunker Girl Aha Suzanne Summers Suzanne Summers Yes Same girl that does the Thigh Master? Yes Is the same girl on TV begging for money? I keep getting their names confused I thought it was Suzanne Summers Suzanne Summers That would be Sally Struthers Sally Struthers, Suzanne Summers Very easy to mix that up But they stand together, they look like the number 10 Sally Struthers, big fat woman Suzanne Summers, very slender Here we go To feed all those Africans So he went out for a little meal Whatever they eat there Probably bugs, flies Because they have nothing to eat in Africa Because they're Africans Maybe bananas or something But he went out for a little meal And he survived the cult because of that He didn't kill himself Because he actually wanted to nourish himself And if all the money that I donate To the cause of feeding the Africans Who are there Who don't be able to eat Who don't be able to eat And there's flies all around them all the time Then you should be nourished And get all those Ugandans and all those other Africans Who are like skin and bones Because all the money was sent to that fat bitch The Marchi bunker and everything It goes to waste, it goes to her I mean it's feeding her fat ass Anyway, so this last minute he'll save the teen from cult doom So anyway So how much do you send to that big fat woman? What they say, 74 cents a day You send that? From time to time Have you ever sent 74 cents a day to feed a starving African child? Once or twice You are so full of crap Just once or twice, 74 cents It's not going to be a... Yeah, but you don't just send change in there It's 74 cents a day but you have to sign up for like The kid's entire childhood It amounts to a few hundred bucks at least I'll pay for his Easter meal In return you get to write letters to each other I'm sure the African kid would be like Jesus Christ, I had to get the most stupidest guy in America writing I'm African, I've had no education, I'm starving But these letters are more painful than the pain in my gut from not eating Yeah, does he write little letters back thanking you for the change? That was a few years ago so I don't... I'm so stupid You feed a little South American child or something for 74 cents a day What did you do? Just put change in an envelope and mail it to... Mail it to that little kid with slides around him in Africa No, the first time I did it I did send change But then my mother told me no, it would be better to send check So I sent a check A check for 74 cents Yes It doesn't work like that You sign up, right? They assign you a child who probably... It isn't even exclusive to you Like a bunch of people are signed on to a village or children And you pay them like 500 bucks because on average 74 cents a day feeds them But it's not just, oh thank God Spass sent this in, dinner's on You know, you get one meal out of it You sent a check for 74 cents to Africa to feed a child Because of Sally Struthers Brilliant, Sally Struthers checking in Anthony I'll start taking up a collection to have Spass neutered Yeah, that's a good idea So the story goes what, one of these guys from Uganda decided to go out for a meal And he escaped the doom of the cult Ah, escaped the doom of the cult But did he go to McDonald's or something? No, they don't have those out there Where did he go to eat if they have no food or anything? I'm curious Well, there's nothing there but flies and they even drink the same water they pee in Yeah, okay I got a new idea for a TV show Spass is saying the stupidest things Cosby needs a new show We got Spass over here, Spass is the stupidest thing Or the darnedest things, right? Yeah, Spass is saying the darnedest things He's going to be talking about geography today He's going to be talking about Uganda Just a child with the flies around his head Would rather have flies buzzing around his head than the sound of Spass' voice Even if Spass did bring him a sandwich for 74 cents It's a boy who's got a pudding pot for a brain Spass is saying the darnedest things So Uganda, very good Is that all we have on Uganda? We're moving on to another story here I assume? I believe so Alright He's the biggest dumbass in town He's radio Anyway, what's going on also with cell phones A lot of people have cell phones in America, those who can afford them And now they come up with this new technology where there's a hand-free cell phone Where you just stick the little piece in your ear And you'll be able to talk through a little microphone that's on the cord that leads to the cell phone that you hold in your hand So it's like bigger technology for Americans who don't have to put the phone to their ear That way, I don't know To me, I think this is stupid But now they trigger radiation As technology gets better and we get more and more into the computer age That radiation occurs I guess it's because this is unrevealed, untouched technology That people are just now getting into And I guess the stuff to make it, it's getting cheaper and cheaper Because you've got to afford cell phones nowadays Because you get cheaper and cheaper, you get sloppier And I guess the waves, the telephone waves that come from the receivers That are emitting radiation And it could affect people's brain cells and such So I would say stick to the cell phone you've been with Despite you have to recharge the battery And I say don't go for the better technology Because sometimes it's just not working There's bad romantic power in that wind So bad! So bad! So bad! A whole break on cell phones And boy, I really wasn't getting a lot of that What's with the radiation? There was an article in the paper that has newer cell phones emitting radiation waves Radiation waves Can you surf on these radiation waves? Well, they're radio waves Radio waves radiate But it's affecting people's brain cells How many do you have? Do you strap them to your head with duct tape at night And just turn them on high or something? Do you live near cancerous live wires? This pushes redial You just keep pushing dials So the newer phones have more radiation? Yes, the phones that you could stick the piece in your ear And on the cord going down to your phone is a little microphone I've seen that, sure And because of that new technology, because it's getting cheaper to make cell phones To make it more valuable to the customer Then it's being made cheaper and thus emitting these radiation waves So stick to your old cell phones Yes, because they're more good Radiant free They're more good! And now spas for Nokia Hi, Nokia's more good Go get me a box of donuts Because they're more good Your old phones are more good Alright, great, Brett from Colmac checking in Yeah? Hey, O&A, what's up? I need to know what I've ever done to you guys to have to listen to this idiot on the radio Please stop, my ears are bleeding, please, no more That's Joe from Jersey, Ken from Brooklyn Please send spas out for soda I'm up on the roof with a full bladder Tom was saying that spas is right about something Tom, what's up? Hey, how you doing? I'm calling the defend spas He got something finally right What was that? The little Cuban kids that grow up to be criminals Because they look so pissed off? Well, what do you expect? You got all those killer mosquitoes down there Yeah, that's true You got to take care of that problem Alright, Tom, thank you You got it, man There goes Tom Alright, let's move on to the next story Spas as we can review, Anthony Now we go to local news Right here now Back in the news again He's not happy with the Amadou Diallo case still So he's leading a group of rallies And of course he's spreading his same old BS of no justice, no peace, give me your money And I'll get on the camera, buy a new suit and do my thing So he's back in the news again leading more rallies all throughout this week Causing nothing but trouble Apparently he's not happy with the Amadou Diallo case as well as the other police shooting of Desdemon Who was an unarmed black guy who supposedly was buying drugs Supposedly So he's back in the news causing some ruckus Saying, yeah, I'm going to get arrested for the good of the people Meanwhile he's using everybody else's money from his community quote unquote To bail his fat ass out So anyway, this fat ass is back in the news again No justice, no peace, Amadou Diallo And I really don't think he's going to get much luck with it Nobody listens to big mouths anymore who just go around causing trouble and stuff Anyway, City Hall Oh my god Alright, Miguel from Jersey spasms makes Old Mind Führer and the KKK song seem like Backstreet Boys songs Just put music in the background and you have a winner So you don't think Reverend Al has any supporters whatsoever at this point, huh? He does have a few Just a few, yeah Otherwise it wouldn't be called a rally What would it be called if he didn't have a few? I think it would be called a march So if it's more than a few it's a rally, if it's less than a few it's a march Yes, because rallies make noise, marches are silent You can't be real You can't be real, man Jack from Jersey spasms is the Dan Quail of radio? Yeah, spasms is dad, I'm sorry we put spasms in the microwave one night as a child to dry him Guys, please stop him, cue up that Van Halen song Mike, what's going on? Stupid, you're so stupid Stupid, you're so stupid Jim, what's up? How you doing guys? I can't believe what I'm listening to right now First of all, last week with his weekend review, I'm coming home from work, I'm on the bus This man literally put me to sleep, I missed my bus stop And right now, last week I believe he said he's not a bigot Am I correct? You say that? Yeah, you are correct If he's not a bigot then Al Sharpe and the Suzanne Summers I mean, come on, lads listen up man, you are the biggest bigot there is right there And Anthony, you had the idea last week Let's put a big wall around the United States and have spasms put the last brick in from the outside Right, from the outside We have to get this man off the air, okay? Put him back in the locker room or the file cabinet, whatever you kept him But keep him off the air, this weekend review has to stop because he is too damn stupid, too damn boring, everything Get rid of him Thank you, thank you, bye People want to know if there was a cell phone in Spasm's mom's womb when Spasm was in there Yeah, Rick was trying to make a call There's an obscure reference Alright, let's go to Steve I disagreed with that last call by the way, I think this is pure brilliance as far as our radio show goes Hey Opie, look through Spasm's ear, do you see Ann? Steve, what's going on? Hey guys, how are you doing? I'm calling from New Jersey I got to know Spasm, have you ever forgotten to breathe man because you're just phenomenally stupid I mean I don't know how one of teens' level of stupidity that you have Stop it! I mean it's unbelievable Stop it! How you do it man? People can't breathe, they're laughing so hard outside the studio, thank you Steve Whoa! Alright Whoa! Well, we're only halfway done with Spasm's weekend review, we've got to take a quick break Anthony If you turn your dial you're going to miss some unbelievable commentary on the pipes that are underground in the city that could help the firemen make their jobs easier Anthony Yeah, so don't go taking your 74 cents and go buy lunch No, no Stay by your radio And we've got to give away some tickets for making you guys suffer through that A little treat here, a little prize if you will What do you got? We've got tickets to the Warped Tour, 2000, this is really good Oh, those tickets are more good than plenty of other tickets Winner receives a pair of tickets to the Warped Tour, 2000 featuring Green Day, our buddies Green Day, Anthony The Mighty Mighty Boss Tones and the Long Beach Dub All Stars at Randall's Island, Saturday, July 15th Every year a great great show, tickets are on sale now through Ticketmaster, but we have a pair for the 10th caller We've got to clear these lines by the way before we get a winner, all these people want to just yell at Spasm 10th caller gets the tickets, 212-757-1027, more Spasm radio right after this And the UW Anthony Stacker II, the world's strongest fat burner Yeah, yeah, it works, plenty of people lost weight with Stacker II And now maybe it's your turn, hmm? You're a little big around the middle? You got thunder thighs? You got a big cream cheese, not cream cheese, big cottage cheese ass What is the difference, huh? Cream cheese ass is kind of smooth and silky, cottage cheese ass is lumpy Hey, and you think the Stacker II could reduce the size of the tumor in your head from the cell phones? Um, yeah, I think that's the fifth thing it does now It'll reduce the size of the huge tumor in your head from using the radiation cell phones Right, the new radiation cell phones, not to be confused with the old ones that you should stick with I'm willing to go out on a limb and say Stacker II, more good More good! It's more good It's more good, you heard it here on the Opie and Anthony Show Stacker II, it's more good, give them a call 1-800-LIGHTLINE, that's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E Stacker II, the world's strongest fat burner Thousands have proven it's more good The Opie and Anthony Show Throne men jumping all over each other Okay, terrific 1027 WNEW Dude, politics and stocks He's as dumb as a box of rocks His lips are smacking when he tries to talk This is it, so we give a view of the facts You dumb f*** Thank you, Lisa, great job on that It's the Opie and Anthony Show, still to come today Kevin Pollock playing Rascals this weekend He should be here within the hour Oil Wrestling, the SPAS cam is on for that And Jay Moore, I believe, stopping by Last time we're going to see him for a while Heading out of town, I believe But before all that, Anthony, we've got to get back to SPAS's Week in Review SPAS, God, is he great I guess we're moving on to City Hall here, SPAS? Yes Okay, let's get right into it, alright? Yeah Anyway, City Hall, going into City Hall now Mr. Rudy Giuliani just found unused pipes That's right, unused pipes that are underneath the city That probably have rotted away by now But people, officials are saying they are usable That these things can cause water to be pressurized Pressurized So that firefighters will have a better chance of combating a fire Wait a minute The pipes, he found these pipes I guess Giuliani was just walking through the sewer system one night Hey, look what I stumbled upon He's just walking Moms, ow! Look at my big beluga whale's forehead Knocked into something, get a flashlight on it Hey, it's pipes You know, I believe these pipes could pressurize water To best help the firemen in our fascinating fight fires Quick, check with SPAS to see if this is feasible So the pipes, they pressurize the water Yes How do they do that, SPAS? I thought pipes transport water I guess maybe if they get smaller Some type of venturi system in them will be Maybe they can pressurize water So, but let's go to SPAS Sure, SPAS How do these pipes, how do they pressurize water? I guess like the way that they're contorted So they're underground crazy straws That's what you're saying, right? They pop, they go round in circles And they pop up into a fire hydrant They can stop Oh my goodness gracious Thank God for SPAS's crazy straw pipes Oh my God, that place would have burnt down Hundreds of lives would have been lost If it wasn't for SPAS's crazy straw pressurizing pipes That were found beneath the city This is great, SPAS, thank you You got a commendation Dean, what's going on? Oh, hey, what's up? SPAS has got to stay We can pressurize the pipes, Norton That's what's under the city, pressurizing pipes Chalk them up Listen Yeah, good Hey, thanks a lot for last week, what's Mary doing? Five years with my wife, finally got back door Because of the game we played last week, what is Jane doing? I'm sitting in the parking lot with my wife Waiting for a FedEx truck, all pissed off So, listening to that skit Two hours later, first time since I've been with her Five and a half years That was a great, great phone call last morning Yeah, well she just called me and told me If I called in to show and tell anything about it She's going to make me do it again, Dorton, SPAS's review Alright, thank you, Dean Alright, guys, syndication now Yeah Alright That used to sound really exciting Okay, so there's these underground pipes That pressurize the water that Mayor Julian and he found During one of his nightly jaunts through the sewer system New York's underground Alright, and he thinks the firemen can use these To make the jobs easier Do we have that echo? Yeah, let me Do we have the echo? Yeah, let me do a little this, a little that Let's hear what that would sound like Go ahead Hello? Yeah? Hold on, hold on Somewhere It's so hard to find Yeah It should be right there I know, it should be there People change things around all the time There it is Hello? Hello? Let me just, let me just walk around down here Oh, look, it's a mutant ninja turtle Look at that Deep down beneath the streets of New York City I keep tabs on above the streets and below As I walk around, I, hey, what's this? It looks like a pipe, but it's wacky It's shaped like a crazy frog I believe these pipes pressurize water And if we feed them to the fire hydrants The fireman could put fires out better At least not with fan sex Oh no, Mr. Giuliani, I've got to correct you Yes Because you found these pipes We're not going to need fire hydrants anymore It's a little later in the story Oh really? Yeah, so let me turn off your echo We're not even going to need fire hydrants Let it roll, let it roll, Norton So Rudy G. has found these pipes To help the fireman, here we go Instead of using the fire hydrants So maybe if these pipes can be used through the ground To stick the hose in the ground instead We can open up better parking spaces I think that if we could utilize Get the essence of these pipes and just use them For the hoses, for the fire hoses Get the essence of these pipes What does that mean? Get the essence of these pipes Spaz, Spaz, you can't get the essence of the pipes What is, wait a minute, what is a fire hydrant? It provides water Yeah, but it's an end of a pipe Like the hose that you put in the pipe in the ground That's a fire hydrant, it's the adapter from the pipe to the hose So how different would these mysterious pipes be Until delivering water to the fireman's hoses? Easy, you lead the pipes up to the surface of It's easy, I'm confident To the surface of the street And you have just like, you know how like you have a pot hole Right next to it you have a fire hole And you stick it so it eliminates the hindrance of a pipe hydrant Yeah, those pesky fire hydrants So how would it eliminate it? Then how would they be kept clear of debris? How would it be easily recognizable by firemen driving down the street That there's a fire hose pipe thing? Well, Ann, the answer is obvious All these pipes have essences And if you eliminate the essences of pipes Then Spaz's theory obviously works My God, there's a fire over there And we don't know where the pipes are I don't know Wait, I smell the essence of a pipe Of a crazy straw-like, highly pressurized pipe Amazing Ann brings up a very simple observation If you're a fireman and you're going to a fire Usually you look for the fire hydrant and go Oh, that's where I could get water How are you going to find these holes in the ground? That might be covered with garbage or something laid on top of it, a garbage pail See, the fire hydrant is very hard for anything to be on top of it Because it's shaped like a fire hydrant What would be suggested is that You don't have like a sewer cap that says sewer on it You would put like a little cap next to the sewer cap that says fire hydrant Fire hydrant And they pop that cap off and stick the holes in Alright, thank you for that Spaz The only people that lose out are the little colors in Harlem during the summer During the summer they don't have the hydrants to dance under When it's very hot out Do you see the way they do that? They pop their caps on the hydrant So the color of the hydrant Ann Spaz is brain checking it Oh really? Finally From Spaz's head Help me, it's dark and lonely in here I had to back up a little bit here Just so we can get the essence of what Spaz is attempting to state here That pipes can be used through the ground To stick the holes in the ground instead of And we can open up better parking spaces I think that if we can utilize Like get the essence of these pipes Use them for the fire hoses Like stick them in the ground like you don't like to have pot holes in the ground But get these little fire holes Fire hole holes in the ground Instead of using the fire hydrants Then maybe open up more parking spaces It'll be better parking Instead of getting That'll be one less ticket for policemen right And I think this idea can work Wait a minute Wait a minute Spaz Even if the hose goes into the ground Instead of a hydrant You still can't park near it The fire truck needs access to the essence of the pipe hole No see yeah The fire trucks need access to the fire hole holes I smoke Can someone take a fire axe to his head Just because there's no fire hydrants The fire truck still has to get to that location See there's no parking near the fire hydrants Not because it's a hydrant But because you can call it anything Why don't we rename the hydrants signs And that way we can park them Because you're allowed to park in front of a sign You just can't park in front of a hydrant So if we rename the hydrants signs Then we can park near them And the police have to write one less ticket See do you get our point Like it's still the trucks need access to the fire hose holes Once they find the essence of the crazy straw pipe Yeah But I have an explanation for that one too See with a fire hydrant you need a large space for the hose to get through So you bash someone's window in to get through We saw that on back trap So you don't have to because now because it's in the ground You can do it underneath the car Or you don't have to leave such a big space You can do it in between two cars And maneuver the hose around He's the biggest dumbass in town Smash radio Stupid Oh stupid Okay terrific Okay wow I've never in all my day Can you imagine if he ran the city Can you imagine this place would look like Pee Wee's playhouse Can you imagine if he ran the city There would be crazy straws all over the place Can you imagine Juliani stepping up to the podium Ladies and gentlemen I have an announcement to make We are doing away with fire hydrants In lieu of fire holes in the ground Think of the savings the cops won't have the right to No no no no fire hole holes Fire hole holes Fire hole holes Okay We'll just call the hydrant pedestrians Are we done with this story here or we have a little more coming? I don't think we're ever going to be truly done with this story This one's going to stick with me like a traumatic experience Every time I see a fire hydrant now It's going to be in my head You're going to go you know There should be a fire hole hole Why do we have fire hydrants Kramer why What's with these fire hydrants Why not have fire hole holes Fire hole holes With crazy straws Pressurized crazy straws behind The essence of them Why would you listen to me Alright let's listen Rantings of a mad man You're like Charlie Manson Spaz's say the darnedest things Have you heard Charles Manson talk And he starts talking about like you know And the biggest thing about being on the inside of prison is I'm not on the inside I'm on the inside because you people on the inside being on the outside being on the inside And you just like what Okay Here we go And um I don't know I just This is my opinion that it can work It can open up parking space Stick the fire hose in the ground And use the pressurized pipes This untapped resource If you just fix them up and then take off the rest There's an untapped resource in your head man Why is it an untapped resource Because they were just discovered It's like a natural thing So who do you think put these pipes there The ancient Inca Who put these pipes I don't even know if I need to know the answer but Give it a shot Way back when New York was being built They probably put them underneath the city and They probably just forgot about it Probably put them underneath No they did put them underneath but they just forgot about them Thinking that they won't work Molder and skulls are the aliens' son And I think That that would be a good call if they do that Yes Anyway Okay Anyway Well Holy crap I We really need to take a break Anthony God damn is that Classic spaz You have a take on things that I don't think Anyone else on this planet has There's a guy just yelling We gotta get to it Tommy Guys Yeah I'm sitting here I'm doing bangits And I don't know if I'm really stoned Or I'm losing my mind I mean I'm trying to decipher what this guy's saying I can't I don't know what's going on guys You's erecting me You know what It's hysterical man I bet you if you're on part it is very I'm sitting here and I'm doing bangits There's no way that there's a human out there That's being stupid Can't be Guys you're the best Keep up the great work Alright Tommy Bye bye Yeah to all our pot smoking friends Don't worry Yeah don't be alarmed You're not hearing things Yeah you're not freaking out No you're not freaking out You're not having a flashback or anything Bad trip No If you're taking acid right now The bad trip is just spaz The wall may be melting But what you're hearing is spaz's thoughts Completely Fire hydrants Alright and we've got to take a really quick break And then we'll hopefully wrap up spaz's We can review On the way spaz What else do we have here The Mexicans Yes Daylight savings time Oh my god I can't wait And I've got to take a leak Because I'm ready to explode I'm laughing so hard I almost whizzed myself Might as well go to the top of the building See who can hit on the top of the head Anthony Oh damn they're on to me He has some words on that again And I think he's got a little sports in here as well Little sports in him Anthony Stay tuned What did you learn on the show I learned how to function like an idiot Without a high school diploma To get a job in a radio Opie and Anthony The author of The Moneyless Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony Opie and Anthony The show The anger coming out of the people They can't believe How stupid this man could be Well Psycho Mark is absolutely losing it I went to go take a leak I went to the bathroom From Psycho Mark's studio I'm hearing screaming Psycho Mark is insane about what Spaz was talking about The new pipes that Spaz has discovered They found under the city That they're going to use for fire High pressure fire lines So instead of fire hydrants Here he comes, look at him He's breathing I'm drinking preta You're all retarded You think it's not the law of the world Dude, fiber optic wires They want to use the water tunnel for fiber optic wires I read the same article They're old tunnels that go through the city And they want to, instead of digging up the city They want to use those existing tunnels to lay fiber optic cables And you saw the fiber as fire? Yes Fiber optic cable Fiber optic cable I thought I saw fire That screws off your whole theory there Spaz Just think, thank God you found out in time There would have been like lit up fire hydrants From the fiber optic But that's even better because now you can plug your modem into the fire hydrant You can fight fire Fight fire from your cell phone while it's giving See, it will cool the radiation down from your cell phone You can fight fire as you check your email Oh my God Could you see if he's like Columbus though And we're all laughing that the world is flat and Columbus found out it's round And then you see on the news, you know, it's like Today, cancerous live wires cause giant mosquitoes to form People taking refuge in the underground tunnels that were recently found to fight fire with Fiber optic wires Do you know what a fiber optic wire is Spaz? Fiber optic wire Yeah, it's used in telecommunications Oh, that's a money word And how is it used Spaz? It's used to carry current as well as As well as Informed waves What? Voice waves or Variations Or electronic waves Fiber optic, why is it optic? Hmm It can't be because of the coating around it like the rubber Psycho Mark is, I swear, Psycho Mark is so friggin' like I'm gonna lose my mind He's probably so far from the bill He's just like everyone in their car though People are losing it Robert, what's up? Real fast How you doing guys? Listen, I'm a New York City fireman And I made some phone calls and I got my entire department to agree that if you guys set Spaz on fire We're not gonna put him out Thank you Robert With the new crazy straw pipes Cause it's kind of bad to just rag on him without maybe educating a little bit Fiber optic, it uses light Instead of current You know how the conventional copper wires, they send current over it and information is sent through copper wires Now they use light And light at certain intervals It's translated on the other end as information At lightspeed Yes, at lightspeed The mayor's checking it, Anthony Oh really? The pipes are as empty as Spaz's head Fire, fiber Common mistake, it could happen to anyone We would like to use Spaz as our poster boy for birth control Planned Parenthood O&A, obviously the firemen could find the essence of the pipes by using their Dalmatians That's what the Dalmatians want Go get it boy Alright, let's move on with Spaz's Week in Review I believe we're up to the entertainment portion of the Week in Review, Anthony And I believe he has some commentary on the Supremes getting back together Anyway, the Supremes are reuniting Another old group that's trying to come back together from a comeback Because they probably depleted all their bank accounts from when they made all their money back in the 50s and 60s But my message to the Supremes is that nobody gives a crap because the people who listen to you are probably all dead You're such an idiot You're so stupid Did you just curse? Stupid! You're so stupid! What the hell? Wait So people that were listening to music in the 50s and 60s, they're all dead now? Most of them Well, could be, yeah Now are all the Supremes getting together with Diana Ross? Actually, not the original members Oh really? Yes Okay But is Diana Ross involved in this? Yes And you don't think she's had some type of success since her days with the Supremes? That maybe she's not out of money and maybe it's sort of a nostalgia thing? I'm amazed that Diana Ross probably had a very good career She has had a very good career throughout the 60s, 70s I didn't follow her Yeah, I mean she's been there every decade I haven't followed her career either I mean, usually gay guys like that We have to go to the yellow guys on the phone Jack Oh God, I can't believe you have this woman on the air Good God Almighty, he made a mistake between fiber and fire Hey, go put out that fiber in the building over there And we can lay some fire But we can't lay this What's going on here, Tim? Alright, Jack, thank you Oh my God Oh, unfortunately his phone is becoming irradiated as we speak Quick, throw your phone away, throw your phone It's radiating Matt Devotee, what's up? The only other guy that confused fire and fiber was Mushmell from Fat Albert The fiber? Hey, Faba Alba, I believe there's a fiber over in the building A fiber? A fiber? No, a fiber What are you trying to say, fiber? No, a fiber And if it keeps burning, it's going to burn all the fiber optic of the cable As guys just say, the darnedest things Alright, let's move on with the talk on the Supremes getting back together They're all the old fogies that are sitting in the nursery homes And they're just... Nursery? That's just a quickie, the nursery homes Nursery homes I just want to make sure I heard that correctly Nursery homes, I don't even need to know, guys, don't worry They don't remember who you are because they got the Alzheimer's going But the Supremes are getting back together, Diana Ross But not even getting back together with the two originals So right off the bat they're screwing over the whatever listeners that are left And they're getting back together And they're trying to make a comeback, much like all the other fogie groups And nobody's going to really listen because nobody's going to buy their records You might find them on a best of record but nobody's going to buy any new records from these people So take their big afro hair that Diana Ross has got Just enjoy whatever memories you have instead of trying to recapture That's all I'm saying Oh my dear sweet Jesus Alright, listen, let's just let down what's said He gets everything wrong, I'm amazed Yeah, just whatever And now one other portion of the entertainment break is Kevin Spacey There was no articles about, well really about Kevin Spacey except for winning in the Oscars for Best Actor And for American Beauty But there are doubts that he is he straight or is he gay I personally think that he has the look that he is gay He has that kind of look, he has that kind of persona He tries to hide it I understand it's kind of hard for people to come out in the entertainment world and say hey I'm gay But other people have come out and said it like Sandra Bernhard She may be a woman, I know, it might be easier for women But I think Kevin Spacey is gay He should come out and just say it He's got that kind of face that's contorted and whatever Which means he has that gayness about him Even some of the comments he says in the paper kind of hints that he could be gay And that's my stance on Mr. Spacey What's the gay look? What is the gay look? We were looking at hands the other day Because the post said if your index finger is a lot shorter than your ring finger you could be gay They don't even need that test Spas can tell just by looking at someone's contorted gay face that they're gay I'm astounded by this What's the gay look? What is the gay look? We've got to make sure we don't show up to work with the gay look It's a face that's round and kind of drawn It's more round instead of rectangular Oh my god! Anyone else you can think of off the top of your head in Hollywood or in the public eye that has the gay face? Not off the top of my head He has a drawn face like gloom Right, so gay equals gloom That's from the cheeks making so much of that sucking motion, right? That must be it That gives you the gay face Anything on the gay ass? You got a theory on that? The gay face, Opie, it's rounded yet drawn Sort of an oval? I'm trying to get a line on the gay face And the hair too Gay hair Gay hair Okay Now Ricky Martin, does he have a gay face? Yes he does because also the gay face is the one that's like too pushed in on the sides And it's more long this way More long, too pushed in on the sides Yes And he has the short hair Just like you Spas, you have short hair and you have a very oval face Like your face is long I'm not gay But you have the gay, according to you, you have the gay face I don't know, Kevin Spacey is gay You're convinced of it because of the gay look He's got that essence about him Like the pipe, the essence that he likes pipe You're smelling the essence of Kevin Spacey? Yes The pipe The dump pipe Pat from Jersey, who originally hired Spas? I hope they are now not with the station Oh no, Ben hired them Ben and Rick and they both should get raises Okay, Kevin Spacey has the gay face Gay face No, we ought to just walk Kevin around Manhattan and he can point out gay people for us That can be really funny Alright, let's move on What is going on in sports? We have a fight that has happened with the New York Knicks And the Los Angeles Lakers We have Kobe Bryant and Chris Childs having a fist fight on the basketball court Now, I myself was a track runner and I did play tackle football when I was a little tot And I know that sometimes things get heated in sports because you get competitive competition going on Hold on, just curse, he's a sparky pig He's got me cursed and I can't believe this We've got to go back to the... He's got that competitive competition Sometimes things get heated in sports because you get the competitiveness, competitive competition going on Boy's about as sharp as a sack of wet mice Got that competitive, I say competitiveness Boy's about as sharp as a bowling ball Okay And sometimes it just gets heated So Chris Childs did open up A crack to Joy looks like he got a really nice shot against Kobe because his Joy looks like he was moving from side to side And because of that, Chris Childs gets a two game ban, Kobe Bryant gets one Now, Childs is saying that Kobe started the fight so Kobe should be getting the larger suspension from games And now Childs is currently now going to the NBA board to confront this issue And next week I'll have an update for you about that The Knicks look like they're making a big playoff so I believe they are now four and a half games out of Indiana To win the whole conference thingy And they're about a couple games back behind Miami So my prediction is the Knicks will make it Okay, now moving on Soccer fans, little ditty here Two British soccer fans were killed in Turkey, Istanbul, in Turkey Because they were killed because they liked their soccer team And they played off in Turkey So soccer fans getting brutal with each other there I understand that people come out in sports fans, but to kill each other over a soccer game is just plain old stupid Just have a good old fashioned shoddy match and curse each other out There's no need to kill, we have enough violence in this world Okay, alright, no need now On to the human interest story, the little oddities that are happening around the world In Mexico, the backwards country that it is It is now deciding to culminate with the rest of the world in terms of daylight savings time Now they want to culminate with the rest of the world with daylight savings time Culminate I gotta look that up Do we have the dictionary? No Where is that dictionary we had the other day? Jack, what's going on? Oh man, I can't believe he's still talking He's still talking How could that tiny little non-existent brain move that body around? Oh my god, hey, hey, I'll beat, I'll beat, I'll beat, that's awful Oh my god, I can't believe this guy, he's on the air I think you guys should put him on in the morning He'll kill everybody, there's nobody who can beat Spaz Radio Alright Jack, thank you Let's go to Ray real fast, Ray what's up? I'm getting off the radio You gotta get him off the radio, he's killing me, he's absolutely killing me I wanna know why nobody else thinks this is sad Someday this boy's gotta go out into society and actually try to make a go of it And I'm here to tell you, he doesn't have a shot, he needs to be institutionalized now Alright, well thank you Ray Fornication now Alright, so Mexico culminating with the rest of the world you said? Yes As far as daylight savings goes Yes They were the last country holding out as far as daylight savings goes, right? As far as I know Okay, let's get back to the Spaz Weekend Review It is now deciding to culminate with the rest of the world in terms of daylight savings time Now they wanna be just like the Americans and turn a glass of head and spring and fall back Just so because they wanna keep up their relations and trading with America But the reason why they said that they didn't do it before is because it affects good marital relations While many couples had sex before going to sleep, there are others who make love when they wake up But now when you wake up, your partner is no longer there because she had to take her kids to school And hours not gonna make a difference If my significant other or if I wanna have sex, if she's asleep when I get home from work, I'm gonna wake her up She's gonna wake me up It doesn't matter what time sex happens, you wake the person up if you're in a mood, if both are into it Turning the clogs ahead and back, it's not gonna affect everything I don't understand the logic of Mexicans Mexicans are stupid, why do you think they're working for pesos instead of the American dollar When the pesos is less than the American dollar in the exchange market I mean it's just totally ridiculous, they're a backward frigging country and they don't get the basics Turning the clogs ahead and back is not gonna affect the relationship of your trading with America It's stupid But that's their point of view and their title My God Alright, we have a definition on culminate To reach its highest altitude, to be directly overhead To rise to or from a summit, to reach the highest or climactic or decisive point, to bring to a head or the highest point Well now that you told us the definition, that word made perfect sense in that case Oh yeah, they're going to culminate with the rest of the world As far as daylight savings go, sure, I understand now So what does assimilate mean? And we're at the final story Oh, we have finally made it to the end Spazz's Week in Review, what's up Rick? Kevin Pollack just walked in and he wants to know if Spazz is really working Yeah, we're going to have Kevin Pollack in here in a few minutes He looks dumbfounded, this guy has a job We're all dumbfounded Okay, the final story for this week, Spazz's Week in Review, Anthony Yeah, the final story I believe the story we've all been waiting for Here it is And now my point of view on a topic I'd like to get into that stuff that pisses me off I got two things basically that piss me off I come right low over in the left block into a building and there's a whole circle of Alright, I'm walking up the block, right, and of course there's some light clouds And I feel sprinklies, okay, so I'm thinking sun shower, right Then I come into under a section of clear blue sky and I feel drops It's why do I feel drops? It should be no drops, but it is I'm under a clear blue sky And so I think that somebody's peeing on me and I know that there are freaking jerks out there Who go on top of buildings, either throw water balloons or shoot you with paint balls or whatever And maybe even take a leak on me I mean it's just ridiculous that people would be that stupid I mean construction workers because, you know, they get paid crap or they take long lunches They become like goofs or a-holes And they start to, you know, I'm not, okay, I'm going to take a leak on you I mean it's just, the child is bull crap And we don't need that I don't need that, I don't need to get a leak on when I'm trying to get to work It's just pointless, alright? That is my standpoint and that is the end of the Week in Review with K-Dawg See you next week K-Dawg, what happened to you? I forgot it Wow, the kid, Spaz is convinced that yesterday when he was walking into this building And felt some drops on him That somebody 40 stories up Because the windows don't open in this building Someone 40 stories up on the roof of this building was peeing on him Now have you ever spit off a rooftop, maybe two, three floors up? The spit breaks up into minute drops you can't even see But from 40 stories high above the city of Manhattan Someone is terrorizing Spaz with urine And the best part about it, yesterday he was convinced he had urine all over his body He washed his hair three times, Anthony Three times What happened to your hair because you washed it three times? He got poofy He got poofy He got poofy He's convinced that, and he's convinced that it wasn't a sun shower Or it wasn't rain drops because he looked up And culminating above him was clear blue sky There was clear blue sky above him Like a little spot surrounded by clouds And he was under that clear blue sky He was under the clear blue, he looked up and he's under it so it's gotta be blue It can't fall on him Like there's no winds aloft that could blow the rain towards him Of course not, no why because those clouds are eons away near the sun Around the sun The big yellow one is the sun We learned that yesterday, the clouds are eons away Close to the sun Cumulus or stratus clouds Yes Yes Rain drops are falling on my head And doesn't like the galaxy that thinks it's more is that Come on! The rain drops are falling on my head and they keep falling So I just didn't use to talk into the sun And I said it didn't like the way he got faced up He's sleeping on the job The rain drops are falling on my head and they keep falling There's one day I know They're singing, they're singing, come on, they're singing I feel lonely, I feel happy, next step is up, it will be me The rain drops are falling on my head And doesn't like the galaxy that thinks it's more is that Come on! The rain drops are falling on my head and they keep falling There's one day I know They're singing, they're singing, come on, they're singing I feel lonely, I feel happy, next step is up, it will be me The rain drops are falling on my head And doesn't like the galaxy that thinks it's more is that Come on! I'm never gonna stop the rain I'm just gonna keep going on And nothing's worthy in me Yeah, sure, yeah, okay, great. Okay, terrific. And with that... Stupid! You're so stupid! And with that, Anthony, I believe we wrap up this week's Spaz Week in Review. Bravo! He's the biggest dumbass in town! Whoa! Spaz Radio! Stupid! Freaking brilliant. They ought to teach that in schools. You know, we have Kevin Pollack coming in, who's a very, very funny guy. Very funny guy. And respected actor, too. Yes, playing rascals all weekend long. Call me crazy, but I'm gonna suggest Kevin Pollack has you open for him tonight. You can just stand on stage and give your theories on stuff, Spaz. There he goes. He's our Spaz, you can't have him. Yeah, he's all ours. All right, and we gotta take a quick break. Still on the way, oil wrestling. Yeah. Jay Moore. And up next, Kevin Pollack. Stay there. I was laughing so hard I farted. Oh, this just in from Vinnie. Former president of Iona College dies in a three-alarm fiber at local nursery home. And with that, Anthony, we gotta talk about Minespring. We don't have to, but we would like to talk about Minespring. We love Minespring. They're a great internet service, right, Anthony? Yes, teamed up with EarthLink. Yes, and now they're better than ever. Poor Spaz can't use this, because it's EarthLink. You have to be of this planet. You have to wait for VenusLink. Yes, Minespring has won all sorts of awards, Anthony. They're an award-winning service, free customer support, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, toll-free. A lot of people ranting and raving about Minespring internet services. And this is the key point of this read here, Anthony. You call Minespring right now at 1-888-M-Spring. You call them today, and Minespring will give you the first three months of service for the price of one. That's three months of service for the price of one if you call Minespring internet services right now. 1-888-M-Spring. That's 1-888-M-Spring for Minespring internet services. What is it going to take for us to piss you off to the point where you're going to change the station? That's what I need to know. Shut up. Anthony. Boy, it sure is easy to be a fag on this show, isn't it? That's going to be trouble. Opie and Anthony. They just received a Ph.D. in two-piddle-y. 1027. 1027. W-N-E-W. No, I don't think so. I think Spaz makes us all look like geniuses. Yeah, it's good to keep him around for that reason. Makes us look really smart. It's the O&A show. Oh my God, there he is. This is a real Hollywood actor. It's about time we got someone real in here. Entering the studio, of course, Kevin Pollock playing Rascals tonight and tomorrow night. Tonight at Ocean Township. Tomorrow night at West Orange. Call Rascals for ticket information. Spaz was sitting in that seat, I hope. I hope it's not like creative kryptonite now. I'm believing something. He's got some kind of brain cell eating disease. It's soft and gooey. You know what the best part of that is? I swear to you, that is real. That is an authentic human being. Barely. But he really feels strongly about his ideas. He's a giver. Yes, he is. A lot of people take, take, take. Not for Spaz, man. He's a giver. Did you hear some of the Spaz radio? I couldn't get enough. It's like a car wreck. Kevin, how do you follow that? I mean... You don't. You admire it. You don't even try. Amazing. Kevin goes to Rick. Does this guy really have a job here? No, my question was how did he get on the radio? And then I heard the whole story about how that's amazing. It's amazing. Cut out a portion of the show that is dedicated to Spaz, all Spaz. It's not all the time. Yes, Spaz radio at its best. Spaz radio. So how you been? Good? Good, yeah, sure. You know... Back in New York now? Swinging in New York. You can't beat this town. You're always in... Where do you live? Hollywood? Smell-A. Smell-A. We just got back from Smell-A. Scumhole the universe. Yeah, we were there for a while. Where are you from? San Francisco, the other great city. Ah, north of L.A. Quite north. Well, we were trained growing up to hate Los Angeles. Literally trained. It starts when we're very young. How old are you? Kids six? Reading, arithmetic, writing. L.A. sucks. One more time. Here we go. Well, nobody really likes L.A. Even the people that live there. That's true. Because they're from other places and they're there because they have to be. That's right. For a job. Horsville is what they should call it. Yeah. Because we're all there for money. Well, you seem to be doing very well though. Well, I grab my ankles like the best of. He's reading through some of your credits and realized, oh my God, you know, he's been in a lot of people. Every movie, I think. Yeah. That came out in the 90s. You just think stand-up comic a lot of times. You go to Comedy Central and see you at wee hours in the morning, but then you're like, wow, look at that, HBO 2. Sure. That's right. He's in a lot of movies. If you got the little dish, it's tough to avoid me. Yeah. As long as you try. Very talented. A lot of people don't know that though. I think a lot of people still think of you as the stand-up comic guy. Well, you know, it's weird actually. Mostly I get people who come up and they like the usual suspects or the Grumpy Old Man movies, and they don't know that I started out in stand-up. I mean, I was in stand-up for over 20 years, but A Few Good Men came out at the same time as my last HBO special, and A Few Good Men was this juggernaut, you know, $450 million hit worldwide, and how people discover you is kind of how they know you and remember you, you know? So it just kind of stepped all over this 20 years of stand-up, which, you know, that's fine. However they know you, damn it, that's important. That's all that matters. It's a little easier than going around the country all the time, though, doing stand-up. What are you saying? I'm saying you must have done that early on in your career, where you're just taking the red eyes, little clubs, Chinese restaurant back rooms. The road is a love festival. All that stuff, yeah, so you made it out, you know? Yeah, so now I'm doing it for fun. Yeah. Any observations about New York? Any observations? Yeah. Oh, boy. There's always something going on on the streets of New York every day? Well, actually I have this... I can tell you what we learned yesterday. Sure, please. I don't know if you heard the last segment of Spaz Radio, but we learned that there are guys on the top of buildings taking leeks on the people of New York. That's not rain. No, no. Is what you're saying. It's urine. It's certainly not rain. Right. And potentially more dangerous than acid rain. Yes, urinating terrorists on our city. So if you're going to walk around the streets, make sure you walk in the middle of the road or something. There's a lot of stuff falling from the top of buildings, so I didn't think we had to worry about urine as well, but... And then the whole controversy with somebody you worked with, Kevin Spacey. You know, Spaz seems to think he has the gay face. Now this... You don't have to comment, Evan. I understand you got... He has the gay face? He's... Spaz is so talented. What he lacks in brain power, he makes up in the fact that he can look at somebody. Observation with guilt. Just by their face, tell if they're gay. Sounds like something my Aunt Bessie would say. He's got the gay face. He's got the gay face. I don't care so much for him with the gay face. Kevin, would you mind if Spaz came in here and took a look at your face? No. Yes, I would, because I would have to ultimately look at his face. See Spaz, you have what they call the shining. Yeah. He can tell. Get Spaz, because he's the gay shining. So he's like this weird psychic... Or psychotic, we haven't quite figured it out yet. As long as he doesn't have to lay on the hands. All right, Spaz. No, no. Spaz, grab that mic there. Spaz, are you familiar with Kevin or any of his work? Yes, I'm actually still in Ricochet. Well go ahead and pick the worst film I've ever been in. Yeah, right? Spaz is really up. That is a good one. All the movies this guy's done. He's worked with De Niro. This guy's worked with the best of them. 34 films to go right to the bottom line. Kevin Spacey. See now you're coming... Yeah, because I just mentioned it nine times on the Earth. Nicholson, Tom Cruise. Why don't you mention End of Days? Do I have the gay face? No, you don't. Thank you very much. Take the rest of the minute off. Now here's the thing. End of Days, yes. I love you in house arrest. Yeah, right. Well, stuck in a basement with Jamie Lee Fitness, you know, it's tough to believe. Oh yeah. Yeah, baby. All right, so he doesn't have the gay face. No, he doesn't. But Kevin Spacey does. Yes, because... Well, we don't even need an explanation. Because... that's it. That's the beginning and the end of it. He's got the gay face. He's asking... The gay face. Explain his powers? No, he picked the person in the audience with the envelope with the right thing in it. He didn't explain how he knew or why. That's all. The guy, the Russian that bent the spoons. What the hell was his name? Yuri Geller. Yuri Geller. He didn't explain how he did it. He just did it. You can pick the gay face. That's it, Spice. Never offer up the story behind the hatchet. You don't want people looking behind the curtain. There he is. All right, Kevin. David Copperfield of the gay. I don't know what it is. So you were saying. I was saying. I don't even know. But now he's stunned. The end of days thing. Did you mention that? I mentioned that. Somebody mentioned that. I said as fast as one of you mentioned it. You know, it's great actually working with the Schwarzenegger. Because he really is, when you think about it, kind of our Superman in the sense that he's this real live action figure. Yeah. You know, it's weird being around him because my friends and family would visit the set. It was like they were waiting to hear a catchphrase. Honestly, in his regular speaking. I was trying to say to them, listen, he's in his fifties now. The catchphrase you're going to hear is I'm tired. You know, give him a break. And he had this huge 18-wheeler truck filled with workout equipment. It transformed into a gym with these glass doors. So during lunch he'd be in there working out and I'd be walking by from the lunch. So people would watch him with the glass door? I don't know what the purpose was. I know for me I just walked by with like some cake and pie. Just eating away saying, you pump up buddy. I'm going to have me some cream and cake. It's got to be rough working with someone like him in shape and stuff. He might be self-conscious. Jamie Lee Curtis, another one you worked with and she's definitely in shape. Oh yeah. She's all about shape. And that's a girl. So what are you doing? Suck it in as you're walking by? Pretty much. Suck it in or stick it out. Those are your two options. Yes. But the thing you know about Arnold, give him all the grief. He's living the American dream. He is. Think about it. He grew up in a small country. Written the back of a comic book. He could pump iron and come to America. He pumps way too much iron and comes to America. He becomes the number one box office girl in the world. Makes over $20 million a picture. Plus, he's nailing a Kennedy. So come on. It's not the American dream. I don't know what it is. It doesn't suck. No, that's it. While people are freaking out, they want to talk to you. Let's go to Brad. Hey Brad, what's up? Hey guys, what's happening? I just wanted to make a comment with Kevin. I think my favorite role he ever played was on Wayne's World when Wayne had to get the permit to do the Wayne stock. Oh, with the eye. Yeah, when Wayne goes, I'd give my right eye, then he looks up and he's got that contact on it. It's hilarious. I forgot all about that. That was an all killer albino. That by far has got to be one of the funniest things. You're a real funny dude, man. Enjoy your work. We'll see you out of Rascals tomorrow night. What show is good for you? Tomorrow night is good. All right, we'll see you then. Pencil me in. All right, cool. Thank you. We've got all about that scene until he brought it up. And of course, very great with the impressions. Sure. I mean, that's like a great part of your act. I love it. Yeah, and I'm just now gearing down the Clinton thing because you know, you've got to let go. He's on his way out and it's tough. It's always tough for comics that do impressions. He just kept giving. You talk about being a giver. God, he's the best. You know, think about it. First of all, it amazes me that anyone wants to be president. I mean, you talk about a healthy ego. To decide at one point, I want and must be the single most powerful man in the free world. That's what I'm going to do with the rest of my life. I need that, otherwise I suck. I need that on my resume. And then to become that, to actually get to that place, as fluky as that is, and to be sitting in the White House and realize there's got to be a way to make this whole thing just a little bit sweeter. No, no, I understand, fellas. I'm the president. That's cool. But some way to make this deal just a little bit sweeter. What can I do? Oh, hey, Monica. Did you bring in some pizza? Don't forget that the first time you saw her, you know, it wasn't a thong. She was carrying pizza. She went right to this boy's belly. That's how she got them. Yeah, that feels good. What is that, pepperoni? That's extra cheese. Speaking of which, you might want to clean up that dress. You can take it to the dry cleaners, whatever. You know, I'm going to miss them. Yeah, I mean. I'm going to miss them in a huge way. And Gore, the weird thing is that he can't even use the distancing himself from Clinton during the campaign. How much does it suck when you can't use the President of the United States on your job application? A two-turner, right? A two-turner application. How strange is that? As a reference. Yeah, right. Well, I had an idea because, you know, being in radio and stuff, being in comedy, you want a president in there like Clinton, who just, like you said, is a giver. Well, then you've got to, I guess you're going to Bushra. No, no, he'll give. I have the best idea, but I really would love for this to happen. All right. Gore chooses, as his running mate, Bill Clinton. Oh, Bill Clinton. Bring him back. And resign after the first day. You've got four more years. Four more. Get him back. Yeah. You know, that would be bad. Yeah, only he could pull off something like that, too. Yeah. You know, Bradley never had a chance, brother. No, didn't have the luck. I'll tell you why, though. No, not because he didn't have, he didn't have the game. He certainly had the game. But, you know, we never heard from his wife. Oh my God! I almost saw J.Morris' penis. What the hell, J? You're insane. I used the word penis loosely. He's got the five old ones. Have you had sex with J.Morris? No, not today. I only came by to get the respect, Kevin. Oh, very nice. Rascals, right? Sure. All right, there you go. I just want to lean over to you. Kevin Pollack at Rascals, everybody. I have nothing to plug, so I'm just going to pimp Kevin Pollack. I'm here for the lesbian mud wrestling. Oil wrestling. You want to see some oil wrestling there, Kevin? Oil, I say mud. It's good for either way. Yeah. I just think we can do Shatner and walking on, like, the Enterprise later. Take it over for Kathy and Regis Lee. Oh, come on. I got Kitell now, too, if you want to. Really? If you want to work some of your new guys in. All right. How about Alan Arkin and Harvey Kitell? Okay. Give us a location and occupation. We're going to do freezits now. Let's not get off the subject. I kept Kevin Pollack, one of the best impressions in the world. He was in a movie with Tom Cruise called A Few Good Men. Yes, of course. Have you heard about it? Of course. He's going to be at Rascals in West Orange. And then everyone's going to go, you want this guy on your side. Then everybody's going to the Verona Inn afterwards. Kevin's going to buy the entire audience around at the Verona Inn. Is that the place to go afterwards? Oh, yeah. You've got to go to the VI. VI. This is like, we have gone totally Hollywood now. Look at this. I like this. Big movie star. Look at this, yeah. It's Alan Arkin. I'd just like to ask a question to Harvey. Harvey, you know, I did this film called The Inlaws, and I'm thinking about doing a remake. I would love to do it with you. I don't know if this is a bad time to bring this up. Listen, Alan, get with the program. All right. When was the last time the World Series didn't go seven games? The revenue money alone between... Listen, gentlemen, women get raped every day. Now, because this one wears a penguin suit, I'm going to get a new one. They put a reward up to church. It's a racket. Aren't you a Catholic? I'm a Catholic. I'm freaking blessed. I'm a Catholic. What could kill me? Lady, get with the program. Alan Arkin was in Glengarry Glenrush. What's that, Harris? Jesus, that's good. Wow, that's pretty good. Nobody really knows him, though. I love Alan Arkin. Yeah, the Arkin's great. The Arkin's dead on. Christopher Walker. No, Roger Koebler was the first to do it. Well, you were the first to do it on TV. But you do it on air! Yeah, if you were a comic op, that doesn't bother me. That doesn't bother me. That doesn't bother me. That's so inside. There was a huge brawl. There was a huge brawl two days ago. I actually read about it. I read about it in the trades. You got to see the video. You'll laugh until you kiss yourself. I bounced one off his forehead outside the diner. I didn't think I got to hold him. But when I downloaded the video, I actually bounced one off his forehead. We all feel a lot closer today. We've been through a war together. Three days were believable. Kevin Spacey, Rascals West Orange. Kevin Spacey? Kevin Spacey's got the gay face. He's got the gay face. Oh, wow! How much are the tickets for Rascals? Whatever you need. No, no. How much are they? I have no idea. It's probably like what? $15, $17? I literally have no idea. Because for me, it's like $25. Oh, really? So people that are pissed off, they can see a guy that's just as funny and save $10, $20 if you're bringing a chick. And also, thanks to you, they'll see Christopher Walken. Because I was working on a Walken and you gave me the key. The key. The two-syllable word. One syllable is two syllables. It's a two-syllable word. Sometimes it's easier to find and get an impression from a guy that's doing an impression that is two-syllable. Everyone doing George Bush right now is doing Dana Carvey doing George Bush. In fact, I came out of the San Francisco stand-up gene pool with Dana Carvey like 20 years ago. And we've just been great friends ever since. And so when he was working on Ross Perl, I was working on it at the same time because Ross was in the news. And we sort of nailed it on the phone together. And I said, but wait a second. You get to go on Saturday night with a gay on everybody. So you're ripping him off. And I'll be screwing. You'll be at Uncle Spudgy's chuckle hut. Can I finish? Can I finish? What do I have to do? I cannot believe in the last election I got my ass kicked by that drunkard Bill Billing and old father Todd. That is not a pencil in his hand. That was a sickle. What do I have to do? People, I will pay your taxes. That's what I'll do. You fill out the form. I write the checks. There you go. God damn. Just keep doing. Can I finish? Can I finish? Mr. Perot. Can I finish? Yes, you can. Can I finish? Okay, I'm finished. Can I finish? Can I fin-fin-finish? He's just, his ears are getting bigger as he gets older. He's looking like Yoda now. Delegates, you must have. Yes. All right. I just wanted to know, is that Miller's Washington special, his HBO special? It's pretty old, but he goes, he goes, I was a Perot man. The crazier that old bastard got, the more I wanted him to drive us into the center of the sun. It's true. Oh, I love Perot. I can't even attempt to be Perot. An analogy for everything and they never make sense. The economy, see, is like peanut butter. If you feed it to a horse and he cues on it, it'll look like he's talking. What? Mr. Perot, I'm not sure what you meant. Spad, can I finish? Spad's got it. Spad's got it. It makes no sense. I want to put you on the spot, but Spad's grabbed the mic. We did this to Kevin Pollack a little while ago. Spad's has the shine and he can tell if a guy is gay just by looking at his face, if you have the gay face. Spad, does J. Moore have the gay face? He's making eyes at him. Well, he does have that pushed in on the side, like I said, where it makes this thing. That's called cheekbones, you ape. It's called you die in a certain way to make your face look nice. That's right. What a jacket. Kevin Pollack rascals, Weston. Much more affordable. I mean it for a family. It's like a twins game compared to a yin and yang. What makes you assume that they're going to be charging less? I'm just getting them to crawl. I'm just getting them to crawl rascals, then the rope in. Kevin, just go with it. It's $9. Now he's behind me? They probably do because Jay negotiates his door deal right here on the phone. I'm in the studio now. I can start pumping up Monday. All right, that's it through. You're from there, right? I'm from the next town over, Verona. Seriously? Thus the Verona Inn. In the Garden State. Which I own a piece of Verona Inn now. Oh yeah. I wish I did. It's Kevin Pollack rascals, Weston. I want to know if I'm gay or not by special. Is Pollack gay? Oh man, you're wrong already. Rascals, Ocean Township tonight for Kevin Pollack. Explain this to me. I'm saying Weston. Weston is tomorrow night. Yeah, there's two of them. And the Ocean Township, it's a little smaller, more rowdy. It's the Jersey Shore in the wintertime. Hello. You need to get on a plane to get there from here. No, you don't. It's an hour. What's 50 feet long and has 11 teeth? The front row. Hey Dave, what's going on? I was wondering if Pollack and Anthony could compare a Shatner impression. Well, I do a caricature of Shatner. He does the Shatner. Shatner is a stranger to doing the radio actually. Yeah, because it's very visual. And you also have to pause so long that you create dead air, which is always a bad idea. We do it all the time. We do it during the Priceline ads. It would be like a moonlighting episode. You guys fill in each other's sentences. I've got to get out of this place. Kevin Pollack, Ocean Township, Nebraska. If it's the last thing, we have a deal. You know, he had his new book out, Get A Life. And he called me up and asked me to explain to him and his, I'm making quotation marks in the air, ghostwriter, how to do William Shatner for the book, literally. Oh, so you could do it at home. There's a seven page excerpt in the book about how I explain it. Juggling for morons and the sense of the three beanbags. So I'm in the book as teaching people how to do the Shatner. Teaching people how to do the Shatner. But now he says, come over and explain this, you know, to me and the other writer. And I'm in the car saying, I've been, you know, ripping into this guy for 15 years, saying he's the king of overacting for no apparent reason. Didn't I tell you about Priceline? Yeah, and now I have to explain it to him why he's such a bad actor. How am I going to do this? And yet get him the book, because now I'm excited to get him the book. But you can't not go to Shatner. Absolutely. Absolutely. So I'm driving over and I make up this thing and I say this to him in the room, right? And this is how I say, well, you know, Bill, yes, yes, Ken. Which wig was he wearing? Was he wearing the geranium or the possum? It was the summer hat. And, yeah, go ahead, please. I said, you know, the show, the sets were really rinky dink and, you know, the costumes were awful and the makeup was stupid and ridiculous. I'm talking about T.J. Hooker, sure. And some of the storylines were lame. So you're not only the captain of the ship, you're the captain of the show. You had to sort of thrust your chest out and be overly dramatic in order to make the audience care. And then you created these pauses to build up the drama. And he says in the book, he like editorializes in the book, as I'm explained, and he editorializes, at that point I realize, and he has it in the book, I realize that Kevin was right. But as far as the pausing goes, the whole reason I pause so much in the show is because I forgot my lines. So he duped me and he said, I do you doing me in my act. I said, you have an act? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I do shows and conventions and Vegas and Vegas? Vegas? No, I do Vegas. And they know you, they know you do me, so I do you doing me. And I go, this guy's pimping me now. Oh, no. Sounds like the total burn. Fantastic. He owns me. He turned it around on you. How long have you been married there, Pollock? For about a year. How long have you been married there, Pollock? Four years, we've been together 14 years. Slipped it right under the 10th year anniversary. So you were a common law marriage before you were actually married? Oh, yeah. That's the thing I don't understand though, is the common law thing. You lived together for seven years, you married. LA or California law. United States. Not in New York. No, it isn't. Is this going to be another fight? Yeah, we don't have the goons around today. Where do you go from there? It's going to be me and Bellman in the kiddie pool. He was that big? 250? 350. Jeez. You're not talking 350 like, you know, Bill 350? Like a superhero. But you have to commit. There's no... Are we going to play the tapes? You've got to see. Kevin Pollock, Ocean Township Rascals. Big, fat, fucking... Two good men. Nine dollars. Nine dollars. It's very cheap. All right, listen, we'll get the tapes, we'll take a break. You're hanging for a little while, right Kevin? Where the hell am I going? Ocean Township, you better go see Kevin Pollock. How soon do I need to leave to get there by the 8 o'clock show? 8.30 is the show. 8.30 and 11, I think is the... No, you just go out the Lincoln Tunnel and get Parkway South and you'd be on... Turnpike South Parkway. You're in an hour. Yeah? What time's the show? You should get going. Really, man? Finally he goes for the job. You should go to Ocean Township Rascals where Kevin Pollock will be doing all of his... There's a guy that plays Vegas, you know, sells out like Harris... Not Harris, that's too small a room for Kevin Pollock. You play Vegas, you're in all the big rooms. Yeah, absolutely. Caesar's? Now he's in Ocean Township at Rascals, a great club. You get to go down there and you get to see a big fat freaking movie star... Not fat, literally, figuratively, you get to see a big fat freaking movie star. You guys work with all the best. We work with Jack Nicholson. We'll take a break, we'll do a couple more minutes with Kevin Pollock and get him on the road to Rascals Ocean Township tonight, okay? Right, take a still available, call Rascals for info. The OPM Dance of the Show. The beers are just a bunch of guys sweating and perving and farting. Hail to the kings of the radio. 1027-7-WNEW. Alright, here it comes. Anthony is evil but Opie is worse than Hitler. We're off to a flying start here on the Opie and Krull and Inhuman show. 1027-WNEW. Okay, we're hanging with Kevin Pollock in the studio playing Rascals tonight in Ocean Township. Tomorrow night, Rascals in West Orange. Call Rascals first. Wait, wait, wait, I wrote this song. Yeah! Does that get a bat and beat somebody over the head by I Hate Everybody? I play that backstage in dressing room before I go on. It gets you pumped up. How sympathetic would that be? Just sitting in backstage, davening over the Torah while that music plays. Chris, what's going on? Opie, Anthony, Jay, Kevin, how you doing? How you doing? We should get some Christopher Walken between Jay and Kevin. No, not between. Amongst. No competition between Kevin and I. I learned from him. He's the master, he's the Jedi warrior. I don't believe I've heard that. I've heard Kevin's Walken. So this would be Walken having an inner dialogue with himself about what to do tonight in New York. Well, it's one or the other. Jinks. I'm excited. You should be. Ocean Township. It's nowhere. Can't wait to see the front row. They're going to be looking up at you, Daddy, Daddy, tell us something. It's crazy. All of them. The place holds two, two hundred ninety people. I got a feeling you're going to go at least one eighty. Whether to let the package lie to the left or the right, that's a question. I'm not sure. Contemplate, whatever. Short decision. Come on, Chris. You got to get out of here. Traffic. You got to wait for these girls to mud wrestle. Maybe I'll stay. I love it when it goes down deep. I'm going to put both of those girls in my ass. I love it when it goes down deep. It's like, where are you going, Chris? Come back. I got places to go. We were doing in Suicide Kings, you know, he taped to the chair in the movie and duct taped to a chair. His eye line to the five guys, I had to stand on the couch behind the camera because it's got to look like he's looking up at me. And he's in the middle of like a toothpaste speak like, well, it must have seemed like a good idea at the time. You're thinking it up. It's the drugs. Hey, Jay, you're the eight foot man. And the director goes, Chris, you're killing me. Take that pot out. You got to look at him like he's going to kill him. Oh my God. You're the eight foot man. Chris, you're killing me. Take that pot out. Like he was going to kill him. I actually dressed up for the kids in the neighborhood for Halloween when they come to the door because I don't want to be that bastard. Remember your kid, you'd ring the doorbell from inside, you'd hear, yeah, yeah, I'm coming. You don't want to be that guy. So I dressed up for the kids. This year I did walking when they came to the door. Tricked train. Good question. I get a question. Which one of you can guess what I buried under my house? Where you going, kids? I got ring dings and Winston lights. Hey. That's my little gift. And now I got to hit the road because I'm going to the place. You're putting on your brassicals. Kevin Pollock, movie star. Few good men. That's the one I remember the most, Kevin. You carried Tommy in that Maguire picture like nobody's business. You turned him into Samsonite, my friend. All right, Kevin. Thanks for the time, fellas. He's got to go. Friday traffic to Jersey. Actually, the car's been arranged by the joint so I got to be there. I don't want to be like I chased him out. I came to pimp, not at all. Thanks, brother. We'll see you guys. Real pleasure. Make yourselves known at Ocean Township Rascals. Very funny man. Kevin Pollock, tonight, Rascals Ocean Township. West Orange. Check it out. Kevin Pollock, and he does not have the gay face. According to Spaz. I got an incomplete. Yeah, you didn't quite get the joke. Well, I'm gay because I have blonde hair. Right, we learned that already. See, Kevin's got the shining. He can tell if you're gay just by looking at the face. Hey, Spaz, where's Spaz? Am I gay or not? Yeah, let's get back in. Because I've been thinking about it. Before we get Spaz back in here, we have a problem with the oil rustling. They said one chick. How do you have oil rustling? Why is everything self-destruct like that on this show? We had two chicks set up for oil rustling, one shows up. What's she going to do? What's the other one? Show World? You could probably get one from Pea Plant or something. Pressing engagement? You tired of working for quarters? I'll give you 40 bucks. Exactly. What's the take on the girl? We're wrestling. First, I'll come down here to do some oil rustling with this girl. We'll get my personal corn tickets for tomorrow night. Great seats. What if I put her in a front headlock and snap her neck? I'll get in there. I don't want to see you oil rustling a chick. I want to see two chicks oil rustling. I understand. I just want the corn tickets. So if you're a guy and you want to see corn, pimp out your girlfriend. Bring her down. First one to make it to the studio gets my corn tickets if you'll oil rustle. You've got to help to show out. I think it's called privilege possibly. Any of those girls down there oil rustling? I picked that girl up like a sack of feathers. We had a great plan today and only one showed up. Maybe she could just pleasure herself while we wait for the other girl. We'll all just circle around and watch. Do we have some eggs? We'll supply the oil. Do we have some eggs? Oh, some eggs. Did you ever hear about our egg shooting show? No. That was great. We had guys come in because this girl that could shoot eggs out of her most intimate areas, we found out about it because we were talking about bachelor parties. In the shell or out of the shell? In the shell. So she'd stick them there and fire them out. The guys had wiffle ball bats and we'd taken batting practice and just slamming them. That one high and wide for ball two. That veg, quite the change up. Didn't she go like eight feet or something crazy like that? We had her propped up on a table. Nine feet. We had a little football field and everything. We had yard markers to see how far she'd shoot. And then we had a blind guy with a basket trying to catch the egg. It was legally blind if you're shooting it out. This was before we met you. That's got to be about a year ago. Last summer already? How time flies. I know. We got a lot of trouble for that show. Last night in my apartment we had Steven Lynch and Leona Ness passing a guitar. You guys know Leona Ness? She's unbelievable. She's like Leona Apple without the baggage and without that beautiful voice. She's on MCA and she just came out now. They were passing the guitar back and forth and she's got the most beautiful voice you've ever heard. Steven Lynch is like embarrassed. She's in the department. There's like 20 guys in my apartment and her and her bass sister there. We're like, come on Lynch, just lead off with lullaby. He's doing lullaby and then we pass the guitar to her and she's like, oh my heart. I'm like, I'm going to be a bass player. It was like the most amazing. Everyone was like, for some reason it worked. Everyone was able to switch gears. There's a little bit of contrast there. She's great. I should have brought the CD in because I have a feeling we're going to have a lot of time to kill waiting for the second verse. Dennis, what's up? How are you doing guys? Good. Alright man, I tried to what are we going to do about this about a week ago? Jay, why don't you explain what are we going to do about this? I'm going to explain what we're going to do about this. Alright man, I tried to what are we going to do about this about a week ago? Jay, why don't you explain what are we going to do about this again? We're getting new listeners every day. I don't know what that is. It was your thing. You're in a car with a girl that wants to close the deal. You want to close the deal. You got a girl with you? No, she's not here. I took her out from work last week. We kind of fool around a little bit. Took her out to smoke. And he hit the dead end. I said what are we going to do about this? She just gave me the look like you're crazy. Put it away. She's not going man. She's like she was a friend. Jay, you're the best. If I was there last week I would have kicked that guy Billy's ass myself for you. Alright man, you rock. I think she just used you for your reefer. Take your album and smoke. Put that away. I thought it was going to be close. We only had about 45 minutes and I had to get back to work. Did you start stroking it? I should have did that. You got to be like look I got to finish it up myself. Look what you did to me. We didn't talk about it for like three weeks. I kind of forgot the steps. Well it's all in my pamphlet. Alright yeah, I got to get your book. I want a section in the book. Alright, thank you a lot guys. Go see Kevin Pollack, Ocean Township. Kevin Pollack tonight, yeah rascals. Where's Spaz? We got to get back into the gay look. We can't miss this opportunity. Take that mic over there Spaz. I have a very important announcement to make. Somebody is on eBay, box shooting off the Matt the Hawaii shirt that allegedly left my person during the fight. It's not the shirt. I have the shirt at home. So if anybody's out there on eBay looking around going I'll buy the shirt, it's not the shirt. It's not the authentic shirt. You guys just got a shirt. Hold on Spaz. Jim has a twist on Jay's trick. What are we going to do about this? Get it Jim. You don't do what you're going to do about this. You got to say look what you're doing to me baby. And then you take their hand and you fire it down. No. Look what you're doing to me baby. Well look what you're doing to me is great. But sliding the head or hand they get a little freaky because it reminds them of their uncle. You're just going to start doing it yourself and then they're just going to feel stupid staring at you and eventually they'll take over from there. All right Jim. All right well anyway thanks a lot guys. You suck. I like that guys are taking what are we going to do about this and getting their own bad extents out of it. Yeah they're trying it out. James what's up? You're next on MEW. No what's going on guys? How are you? Great I got to say my wife's well and it works for NBC. I used to go to the NBC Saturday Night Live parties for many times and I thought Jay Moore was the most arrogant person I have ever seen. Now after seeing him on your show I think he's like the greatest guy. Oh cool. Why did he come off like an arrogant? Yeah how did I come off? Maybe I was just drunk. Yeah he was just like very pompous like he was the man. Like you know he was too good to be around you. But after hearing him on the show he's like one of the guys and I just wanted to say you know good job guys. Yeah I don't get that from Jay at all. No I don't get it anymore. I got to say. I think your first impression was right. I don't want to get too obsessed too much or we're going to have more comedians out here fighting him. I just want to say he's a great guy so far from what I hear of him and I got to go see his show next time. Okay thank you Jay. And James' defense you know I was drinking pretty heavily back then. Oh you were. So you know you're loaded at a table and you're like trying to get some shake or something and a guy rolls up like hey Jay Moore. You're like yeah excuse me. I'm working here. You got to put the cones out. Yeah and the guy's like screw you. I just wanted to say hi. I guess that could come across that way. We're still waiting for the first girl to show up. She gets my corn tickets for tomorrow night. Great seats. All you have to do is oil wrestle for a little while. Hey how was no doubt with your eye shadow? Did you buy beer for like 14 year old? Yeah all of them. We went over the review earlier. I woke up at three. It's okay it was very funny. A bunch of pink hair dye and stuff. I think I had more pubes on myself than in the entire room. You're walking around with a drink They sell booze over there. And you turn around and almost spill it on a nine-year-old in her PJs because she's going right to bed when she's done with the show. We're the best when you go to a show like that and you actually have a big thing of beer and then you enter the crowd and they all start staring at you like the apes looking at the monolith in 2001. They just can't believe it. Beer. Homer. Beer. That was great. Spaz, grab the mic. Now, Spaz, I'll take the headset off so he gets to focus. Well, let me explain. We had Spaz's Week in Review very early in the show today. I understand. Riveting. A lot of people in their cars now, you missed out on a great Week in Review. One of the things Spaz covered was the gay look and the gay face. He says Kevin Spacey has... he believes Kevin Spacey is gay because he has a gay face and a gay look. Now, you want to explain the gay look again before you decide where J. Moore is officially. The gay look is the gay face. The gay face is the gay face. The gay look can either be more roundish face instead of rectangular and more drawn or it can be really, really pushing on the sides and making the top and your chin longer. Wait, I've got to write that down. Sides, roundish... Gay face. Okay. So, you have a round face. I thought that meant you were gay. I thought that meant you were gay. I thought that meant you were gay. I thought that meant you were gay. I thought that meant you were gay. I thought that meant you were gay. I thought that meant you were gay. I thought that meant you were gay. I thought that meant you were gay. I thought that meant you were gay. I thought that meant you were gay. I didn't know you had a buttonhole. It was a face. I asked Kevin to say if he was gay to his face and he told me no. I'm sure they dumped out of that, but Jay just gave a very good definition of what gay is all about. Alright, so Spaz. Yes. Does Jay have the gay look and the gay face? Well, in lieu of everything I've seen this past week, I'm going to say no. Yeah, but that has nothing to do with that. No, no, no. Everything inside, just the look. You can look. You're looking for the gay look and the gay face. It shows some tendencies. My face. You're bordering on a gay face. My face has gay tendencies. Now, Jay, don't beat up Spaz. We need Spaz. He gives us great stuff. We don't even know. We don't know. So what is it about his face? It's the way it's contorted. What? Contorted? I'm gas. I've been holding him in. I'm waiting to crunch in the Jay Moore suite. Is it the forehead, the cheekbones, the sucked in look, the chin, the way it's drawn? Well, that's because I purposely diet and exercise to get the thin face to kind of get more of a chiseled face. Now I sound like a complete fag. Well, you have to do that to get parts, though. No, he looks better. He just looks better on film. Yeah. So it's the drawn. He's got that drawn thing going. Drawn? Drawn. Like, you are completely insane. You are completely friggin' insane. I think. It's like a pear. It's like a pear. It's like a pear. So if you have a pear face, you're gay. Reverse pear. Reverse pear, though. Reverse pear. I usually can tell if a guy's gay by his face if there's nuts on the bridge of his nose. That's pretty much gay. I don't know how you can just look at somebody. I can look at somebody and tell if they're gay. Right. But I couldn't explain it. You just look at a guy and go, oh, he's gay. Marco rolled in here as I go. He's gay. I don't know if it's the face or the leather underpants. What a weak radio we've had. Thanks to Jay Moore. You're leaving tomorrow, Jay? No, I'm leaving Wednesday. I'm taking my father to opening day Tuesday. And that'll be the best. And then Wednesday, I'm rolling out. Yeah, outie. When did you last go? T. Nicole is at a cowl's tonight. So we're all going to go up and see him. I'll go. In his nice middle slot. Mario Cantone's headlining. Oh, you're kidding. Does he have a gay face? Yeah. Yeah, Mario Cantone. When's the show tonight? 8 and 10.30. Let's go. Mike T. Nicole. I'll go support Mike. How funny will it be to yell full-blown AIDS with a gay headliner? Oh, my God. Wow. Steampipe Alley. You just have that show, Steampipe Alley, man. That's right. A kid's show. That's crazy. Anyway, I had a showing of the J. Moore fight at my house last night. Oh, you edited it? We have like a... You look like Steve Sable from NFL Films. It's a two-camera shoot. We have a 27-minute version that is just awesome stuff. Awesome. All to highlight. You've got to get a copy before you go to LA. Okay, definitely. So we're watching. My brothers are in stitches, first of all. And there's so much behind-the-scenes footage. I didn't even know what was going on. You in the elevator is classic. That is some funny stuff. Where you're critiquing your own performance and stuff. You're pissed off that you missed with that first shot. You're like glancing. The lead, right. And you're like, oh, I missed. I can't believe it. And these shadow boxes in the elevator and stuff. I blasted one of these doors with as hard as I could. I think I broke my knuckle. It's classic because I didn't know what was going on. Is that on the tape? No, but the elevator stuff is great because you are so hyped up and you're putting on a show. You're like, oh, I'm going to be a star. You're like, oh, I'm going to be a star. The elevator stuff is great because you are so hyped up and you're pissed off that you missed with the lead, right. And you're like, damn, I should have hooked him. And then you're like shadow boxing and stuff. How do I look shadow boxing, gay or do I look straight? No, I wouldn't want to mess with you. When did you stop drinking? May 5th, two years ago. And what huge event prompted that? I realized once I had one, it was dead serious. It's all over. But there wasn't one single event that was like that? No, I never did. Most people have some kind of a thing that I haven't liked. No, I was never. I was crazy. I never like crab my pants. I never liked it. I just, I don't understand the concept of like having two beers. I just don't even. Even now, I just don't understand. It doesn't taste good. It's not like. It's either 20 or none. Yeah, you get, you drink to get loaded. Like, let's get bombed. That's how I look at it. You can't be happy though with like a, just a slight buzz and nurse that through. No, because once I get the buzz, I want to keep going. Like, let's keep this buzz rolling. Let's keep it going. One of those shots. Light them up. Light them up, Dorton. Light them up. Chalk them up. Some men are going to do some drinking. Clear the field. Clear the field. Clear the field. Grape juice. That was a great one. That was a great one. You got the pitch pipe. That was amazing. You remember that honeymooners? That was great, man. What was it? It was grape juice. Grape juice. They were drinking wine and they got fake drunk. Oh, I had some head this morning. So did I. Thank God there was cold grape juice in the fridge. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. All right. Yeah. We've got to take a break. So what happened to the other girl that was going to wrestle? She's stuck in traffic or? Well, where's the other girl? Can we take a look at her? Velvet? Maybe she could just rub oil on herself. That's a fine sister. That could be fun. That's one sister right there. It's a sister? Mm-hmm. Sista. A-H. Sista. Velvet. Velvet. Sista. Her name's Velvet. Wow, Velvet. What's up? Hey, Velvet. That's a sister right there, baby. How you doing? Yeah. I'm a little nervous. Yes. I am. We saw you in one of the magazines in portfolio. Yeah. What magazine's that? Let me see. Portfolio. How come you didn't get in on the Trash photo shoot? Let me see her spread. And her photo shoot. I'm already with my girlfriend, so what's the sense of hugging off the whole book? You know what I mean? Holy smoke. Wow. Huh? Let me see. Look at that. You are sexy. She's got an appliance and then she's got, whoa. There's a photo shoot of a girl laying on a bare skin rug and then halfway through the photo shoot the bare skin rug is like attacking her vagina. It's doing the thing. Let me see, huh? Let me get passing it around. I love that you're comfortable with guys just passing naked photos of you around. That's not the only time anybody see me naked. Look at that. You got a butt all perched up there. It's an ice cream scooper, I'll tell you that. Yeah, and then the other girl's got a... That's why my brother's doing Cadillacs, because you can't stick that ass in a Volkswagen. You gotta treat that ass right. Nice big Lincoln for that ass. That's too sweet. Look at what this chick's doing to you in here. That other chick's got nothing on velvet. Velvet's hotter than velvet. Look, she's tossing her salad. Oh yeah. Look at that. Oh yeah, that's my girl, Velvet. Let me take a look here. Velvet, huh? If you like that, I'm going to be in the same book next month. I'm going to be on the cover. Oh yeah? Do you get like a commission if more people buy that issue than other issues? Do you get a cut of any of that money? Not by money. They just want me to take their pictures. Wow, look at that. Look at that purple winged bat. Purple winged bat. Is that a euphemism for vagina? Yes. No, it's a prop she's using in the photo shoot. So Velvet, what happened to your wrestling partner? Stuck in the photos. We all have photos to do. I was first, so I got out first. I'd like to get you all first. Wow. You ever do any movies? Yes, I have four porno movies out. Oh yeah? What are some of the fun titles we can look for you in? They're all in Caesar Video. What are the titles of the movies? Oh, like sensuous woman, sexy dancer, five, six, seven, eight. Whoa. What's that mean, five, six, seven, eight? Volume. Oh, volume, five, six, seven, eight. I apologize. So what's wrong with Caesar Video that they only hooked up with Velvet in episode five? I'm saying next year, I'd have you in episode negative six. Is it like Star Wars where there's a prequel that's going to come out to answer some of the unanswered questions? Tiffany, come on. Let's keep it nice. Nice and simple. All right, Jack. So listen to me. So you have four videos, Caesar Video. Yes. All right, and everybody can look at Velvet in Caesar Video. Now, do you guys use condoms? Because I hate when people use condoms in pornos. No. No, that's what I hate. I hate when you rent a porno, you want to get your jerk going. It's fantasy world. And you're masturbating and you're looking at people that are germ conscious. Yeah. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. I'm not that good looking, Velvet, so I can't be shy. Be careful. We don't want to play the Van Halen record again. No way. We're going to get a delight. This just in, Challenger for Velvet on the way from Privilege. Oh, really? We have a challenger for you, Velvet. How about you do the oil wrestling a lot? We just kind of started this, but with you failing, some people, the person that's coming to wrestle me, I'm not trying to. So don't get that idea. It's more of an erotic type thing. Oh, good, good. Because we're so down. We don't want any more. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. We're out of dough. We're out of dough. We're losing the show again. I'm joking. All right. All right. All right. You make a lot of money doing the videos. What do you like doing more, the videos, photo shoots, or the wrestling? The photo shoots. I believe Velvet wants to touch some poon tang is what she was getting at. What about- That's what it calls for. What about penises? What about them? Love them. Mine is the only one they made in white. That's all right. Because I'm an honorary member. I'm a brother from the waist down. Oh, yeah. Cassie? Yeah, but if me and you do, we have to wear a condom, though. Now the condom has to be. No, because I'm married. My wife, they can smell it. I didn't want to do anything. I just wanted to see. No, I want to do it. If I take my junk out, it's got to go someplace. Show Velvet your junk. Let me see your ass. Let me see that beautiful- What's that? That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's a good one. Show Velvet your junk. Let me see your ass. Let me see that beautiful- You want to see my ass? Oh, God. Look at that. Oh, my God. Look at that. Look at that. Oh, my God. Mm-hmm. I'm taking it out right now. That looks like a double scoop of Haagen-Dazs chocolate. Woo! Look at the tattoos on you. Oh, my tattoos? What's that, the crying Indian from the litter commercial? Oh, it's a horse. It looks like an Indian, like with the- Oh, yeah, it's a stallion. Yeah, it's a stallion. Yeah, it's a stallion. It symbolizes the strength. It symbolizes the strength? Yeah. What does symbolize mean? Symbolize, symbolize, symbolize. Oh, okay. You got an ass like one of those like 100 meter dash ladies. That's a good ass. Oh, yeah. They move. You could put a drink on that ass. That's Flojo. Flojo in the studio. Oh, God. There's nothing like a nice big ass. See, you tell a white girl like you got a nice big ass. They're like, bitch, you got a nice big ass. Big? Yeah, they got all big. I wouldn't say big if I meant it in a bad way, you moron. Yeah. I mean something I can put my face into, park a bike in. More cushion for the push-up. That's right, baby. Now, Jay, show velvet to Joe. It's soft now. Let me get it. Let me get it. Oh, my God. It's soft. You see how he backed out? That wasn't right. No, no, no. They know me. I don't back out of anything. Listen, it's a grower, not a show. It's a Marco. We got to tell that story. Which one? The one we've never told on the radio. My penis is a grower, not a shower. Show me your rock. Show me one. Oh, wait till... Okay, we'll wait. Another month we can tell a great story. Does it involve me? No, no. It's pretty funny. If I'm soft, it just looks like an acorn. It's an elephant with a bad haircut. I'm trying to think where I stole that from. I know. You better be careful. You stole that, Jay! If you were a comic, you'd know that. If you were a comic, Obey! I can do impressions, say. The angry Paul. I've got to smile at him. Speaking of the fight, Rick is working his you-know-what off in the other studio. He's going to have elevator and outside audio from the fight available in a few minutes. Never before heard audio from the elevator. I interviewed velvet, you sexy sister. Oh, God, what I could do. I'm the only guy in this building that can handle you. Really? Yeah, you can't handle me. I'll agree with you. You scare the hell out of me. No, I'm scared. I'm the type of person that takes a challenge. Can you do that ass dance? Get in the corner. It's not called the J-more suite. You bend over and shake that ass and it goes in circles. It's amazing. Where's my I love? I love big butts and I cannot lie. Every white girl should just kill themselves right now. Look at that. Watch the ass move. We're getting big butts. Hold on. Let me get you some music here. All right, here we go. I like big butts and I cannot lie. Put the headphones on next to us. That's velvet. I like big butts and I cannot lie. Oh, my God. Look at her move that ass. Oh, my God. Wow. Wow. I like big butts and I cannot lie. Oh, my God. Look at her move that ass. Oh, my God. Oh, wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. It's too hoppy hop. Wow. Too hoppy hop. She can shake that. But I'm not a comic jay so don't laugh. Wait a minute. Oh, God. Do that move again. That butt move. That's do for Jay. You dropped the drawers. Do for Jay. Do for Jay. Yeah, let's see that ass. He's sexy. Oh, God. Look at that. Oh, my God. Look at that. Oh, my God. Look at that. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Look at that. Oh, my God. Look at that. Oh, my God. Oh, she's shaking like a car on bad gas. Woo. Honey. Oh, God. See, if I had sex with Velvet, I'd last two seconds. Because she'd clench up her ass and just pull me in and I'd be all over, man. No, they wouldn't. I'd just get them back up and we'd do it again. Woo. Look at that. Oh, Velvet rascals south in Ocean Town, Georgia. Velvet, we've got rascals in Ocean Town. Velvet P-Plan. No way. I hate that. Velvet's doing videos, baby. She sees it. She doesn't need that garbage money. Have you done the P-Plan stuff? No. No. She's classy, man. So do you do it in all the places in the films? Do. Do you do anal? Do you do anal? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. You get extra cash for that? Yeah. Yeah? No doubt. You get extra pleasure, too. Oh. Double penetration? Not to try that one yet, but you could be the first if you want. Wow, she's really into you, though. She knows. I'm not afraid of her. Show the joke, man. Show the joke. I got to get it going. I will show it, but I'm not going to show it soft because it's stupid looking. Oh, man. Maybe she can get it for me. Put it out the camera. This will be the one day my mom and dad are listening. I just hope your aunt's not listening. She doesn't like our show. My aunt loved it. My dad. We met Jay's aunt and she was terrified. Aunt Sally. I gave her all the rascals' money to her. Yeah. Oh, really? She calls me every time she spends. She goes, I got my teeth whitened. I go, how much was that? She goes, $150. I'm like, triple-check. I'm like, I'm going to get it for you. I'm like, I'm going to get it for you. I'm like, I'm going to get it for you. Yeah, I was listening to the fight on that stupid opium Anthony show. Never the opium Anthony show. That stupid opium Anthony show. Like, you can't give in. Upper class Republican white guy. He won't cave in and just say that he loves the show. We'll get him to. It takes time. No, he listens every day. I know, but he'll admit it. They all admit it eventually. It does take time. Trust me, that's my dad's way of admitting it. Oh, really? Yeah, I was watching your stupid Yankees. Man, she is eyeing you, yo. We're like invasion of the body snatchers this show. I'm trying to get it going. Jesus. Don't look. I'm not looking. I'm turning my head. How do you know I'm not just scratching my stomach? Is he showing you his junk? No, I'm not going to show it. I'm not going to show it to all later up. Yeah? Well, give her a sneak preview, yo. It's dope. All of a sudden, he's Bernie Mac. It's soft now. Where are the cameras? Get the camera off. We went through that one other time. Hey, you stupid. Hey, look at this. What is it? It's a I'm going to get water. You explain. All right. Jay's ready to pull out his junk. And we had a problem last time with cameras and stuff. So what does our crew do? One runs in with a video camera. We have the spaz cam that a million people are checking out right now. Ben's got the digital camera. You idiots. All right, and we got to take a break. All right. We got Velvets Challenger on the way. We got audio from the Jay Moore fat guy fight. Never before heard audio of the fight. Yeah. We got some elevator footage. And what else are we doing today? Blah, blah. There was something else, but I can't remember at this moment in time. I can't remember. All right, we'll figure it out. Hey there. Oh, my God. Let's let's just put it this way. I'm giddy up. Yeah, right. Where's? Anyway, there is no describing what is going on. Just use your imagination. Little giddy up in Studio 2. Yeah. Oh, my dear, sweet Jesus. What the hell is that man doing? That's why I was laughing because it was obvious that Jay was ready to meet Velvet. Let's let's just say. I know. Shut up. We can't say it on the radio. What is in shock coming into the studio? All right. Oh, dude, I don't need to see that. I don't need I don't need to see that. Oh, my God. All right, we're in the middle of commercials. We'll be back. Stay there. Opie and Anthony. It does Kevlar kind of day. One oh two seven W. And some kind of body armor. We're just all dumbfounded at this point. I didn't want to turn around and look into the other studio during the car cast commercial because I was professional. I wanted to professional radio broadcaster and I wanted to do the read accurately, get all the information out that our friends at Carcass want. And it was very distracting to have everybody gawking in the other studio on laughing while I was trying to do this read. We were all looking over your shoulder while you were doing the car cash read. You were doing some plug in and quite frankly, someone else was doing some plug in too. Oh, my dear, sweet Jesus. Billy, what's going on? Yeah, what's up, man? I called up like seven times, fast hung up on me. Yo, there's a double murder in my home town. A double murder in your home town. Double murder. A guy called his wife, seeing with another man. He blew his head off with a shotgun. Let me see it by the sound of your voice. I believe you live in Dix Hills. No, I live in sleeping out on New York. Oh, yeah. Yo, all the news stations are here. Yo, send some people if anyone's in Westchester, send some people down here. You got channel 40, Spanish Channel, Channel four, five, two, everyone. Everyone's there. So it's time to do some wowing live on TV is what you're saying. Boom wowing. Yo, yo, you got channel 47 in the telemoondo. You guys can go international. International. That'd be cool. Telemoondo. All right. Thank you, man. All right. No problem. Yo, I'm dead ass. I'm dead ass. Thank you. No problem. All right. I'm dead ass. Uh, Laney, what's going on? I am stuck in traffic. Are you trying to make your way here? Yes. Where are you, Laney? I'm on 95. I had to do a recording for the website for one of the rooms. We're at 69. Oh, you're one of the old, uh, the oil wrestlers that, uh, you know, is late, right? Yes. We were doing for 69MeNow.net. All right. Now, where are you right now? Yeah. I'm on 95. Yeah? I'm trying to get onto 87. Oh, I hear she's definitely keeping you occupied, though. Well, she's keeping someone occupied. Okay. Well, that's what she does well. Hey, do you think she'd have a problem banging, uh, a virgin? Earl. Earl, where's Earl? You think Earl can hear you? You think he'd make it through it? Where's Earl? Grab Earl. I don't know. He seems to have worked today. Dude, go get Earl. Earl the gay guy? All four of you guys, grab Earl and bring him down. Earl the gay guy who's a 30-year-old virgin. We got four or five guys running down the hall to get, uh, they better hurry because Earl's going to run out of the building, Anthony. Yeah, I know. Uh, Laney? Yes. Get your ass down here, yo. I am trying. All right. Thank you. Bye. Bye. Uh, Dan, what's going on? Yeah, I wanted to see, uh, if anyone has been a gentleman pushing in velvet stool. Well, look at the time. We got to go. Thank you, Dan. Thank you. I can't even tell you what's going on. I can't even say what's going on. Oh my God. All right, listen. All right, we got Earl in the studio. Tie him down. Right here. Get on mic, girl. All right, get velvet. Sit here. Sit here. I can't even say what's going on. Sit. Oh my God. Get the hell out of here. Chunk it up, Darden. What is going on? Uh-huh. What's going on? I don't know what's going on. Well, Earl, why don't you just take a look in that studio? Oh, Jesus. Now, Earl, how would you lie to, uh... Oh, there she is. Hey, velvet. How you doing, velvet? This is Earl. First of all, we're convinced he's gay. He hasn't been with a woman. He's 30 years old. He's a virgin. I'm 29. Virgin. Is there any? Virgin. Velvet, is there anything you could do to help us out with this situation here? I notice you're moving closer to him already. Well, you first got to look at me. Turn around, baby. Yeah. Turn around. Turn around. Take the camera off. Take the camera off. What are you, Virgil? What are you, J-More? Okay. Just take the camera off. Shut up, man. No. Take the camera off. You're not a bitch. Talk to the mic. I don't think there's too much I can do. He's too tight. Yeah, see? He's got to loosen up. You're right. See, velvet knows. I have no idea what's going on. He's got to loosen up a little bit. Earl, that's all. Okay, look who's back in the studio. J-More. Hey, J-More's back. How you doing? We had some velvet time. All right, turn off the camera because you're going to wreck the bit. Yeah. He's not going to do it with the camera on. I bet my junk is bigger than Earl's junk. Really? Yeah, oh yeah. All right, velvet, you got to look at some junk. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, lovely. Oh, look at that. And does J have the black man disease? No, not exactly. No, no. Oh, he loves... Oh, chocolate is his flavor, I believe. Oh, no. It sounded like you were disagreeing with him. Say that again. Oh, look at that. J's got to stand up for himself. Rephrase that, Opie. Hey, chocolate. Does J have the black man's disease? Disease? Disease? No, you have a black man's disease. Sickle cell? No, okay, all right, all right. But does J... You know what I'm saying. How is it... White man. White man disease, I should say. I'm sorry, yes. How's his Johnson? Yeah. Lovely. Lovely? Lovely. You have a lovely Johnson. I could. It was only halfway. I couldn't... Just talking code. I want all this on the air, but they're going to dump down the hall. Okay. Velvet had a little toy with her. Yeah. And she was pleasuring herself with a toy. Yes. Yeah. Like a little dump truck she brought with her. Yeah. And I wanted to see if it pleased me as much as it pleased her. Yeah. And I wanted to... I told her I'm black from the waist down. So we were trying to get the flag top mask. Right. Yeah. Because every time I looked up, there were six guys pressed against the window laughing. They were laughing. I was only able to get it to like maybe like... Come on, look at what room you picked. You picked the room with all the windows in it. She hits the deck in such pleasure. What am I going to do? No, not here. I don't want to ruin it. Hey, if that's where she feels like she wants to play dump truck, I'm playing in the sand. And then right when you called her in, I thought we might have had a missile launch. Right when you guys broke it up. You didn't break it up. Ah, Sean, what's going on? Hey, how you doing, ONA? Good. Listen, I'm a long time listener. I got one question for Velvet. I want you to think about your shows, ONA. I'm a black man talking. Did you put a little n*** in it? Remember that, ONA? When she moves that ass. Yeah, did she put a little n*** in it? There was a story one time about this guy who was dating this white girl. And she said, put a little n*** in it. And then she started chasing them all around the house. Remember that? Well, it was actually a white guy and a black girl. And he said, put a little n*** in it. Right. What you meant by that is get the ass moving. Exactly. Get that rhythm going in there. Yeah, there's never an appropriate time to drop an n-bomb on ONA. ONA, I got a question. Yeah, go ahead, Sean. All right. How do we know you're really black? Are you joking about homeboy? I'm joking. Okay, okay. But I can speak appropriately if you'd like me to. No, I was joking. Okay, but check this out. There's one bit, I called Rick, about one bit that I wanted to play when you guys were on vacation. And I want a tape of it because I know you can't play it. What is it, yo? Guess which one a cop you're that. I am so in trouble for that bit. I even have to hang up because... Rusty Stubb. It's in a lot of trouble over that bit. We can't go there. All right, let's get back to Velvet and Black Earl. Earl, if Earl was any whiter, he'd be Greg Gumbel. Yeah. So, Earl, now Earl, of course, is Virgil. A virgin. Virgil. Scotso. Virgil. And I don't know, I think maybe he needs to feel some of the pleasures of a woman. I can tell you this right now that Velvet is sort of horny. Yeah. And there were visible signs of... Okay, yeah, yeah. Okay. I don't want you to have to dump out. No, that's very good. You're playing along nicely. It wasn't exactly... You know, you go to the desert and the air is very dry. Right. Let's just say it was very humid. More like a rain forest. No, not a rain forest. She was just getting going. More like a tundra. What, Opie, what? Why'd you punch out? All right, listen. I don't know. It looked like it was crying. I think it was a very sad... Looked like the sad Indian? Yeah, crying Indian from the litter commercial. Okay. So what are we going to do with Earl here? This is our opportunity. Earl, you're gay? I didn't know you were gay. Because you're fair. You don't have a gay face. Maybe just let her run her hands down your shoulders. Oh, put it in her mouth, Earl. She's a porn star. It's what she's here for. She needs money exposure. So let her just... All the money she made on the news. Maybe rub your shoulders. Yeah, Earl, let Velvet work her hand out. What? Turn that camera off. Oh, wow, you are gay. So now let her just rub your shoulders. Mrs. Muir. That's right. There you go. All right, Velvet is just trying to relax her over there. There you go. See? Now that's nice, right? Come down below her. That's nice. Virgin. Yeah, yeah, baby. See? There you go. Okay, take it out again. Whoa, Earl. Keep going, Velvet. Now it is... Don't listen. Don't let her take it out. Don't let her take it out. Don't let her take it out. Go ahead. Just lay back. You see, this is an enjoyable thing. Got a lovely sister rubbing you. Yeah, baby. Virgin. There you go. There you go, Velvet. Velvet is trying to loosen up her a little bit. You can't get loosened up by Velvet, man. All right. Look at that. There you go. It smells like the wrestling room in high school. Oh, my God. She's going to be a fight. Earl, just got a little face or something there. Something, something. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Earl's pissed. It's Psycho Mark. She's going to... Oh, my God. There's going to be a fight. Same Psycho Mark. Take it. Psycho Mark, Rowan. I'm going to break the camera, man. You're wrecking the bit. Now sit down, Earl. Earl, there will be no more pictures taken. Earl, I'll fight Psycho Mark if there's a picture. Thank you. For some reason, Earl thinks he's Billy Dee Williams. He doesn't want any video or pictures of himself taken. He's going to wreck those endorsements. So Earl, I have a question for Earl. You're a gay virgin. Virgin. Are you gay? Virgin. Are you a virgin? No. Then how can they say you're a gay? Virgin. What's my job? I think you're gay. Yeah, prove you're not gay, Earl. Banger right here on the table. You're gay. Dude, how long did I know? I know in two seconds, we'll keep it in the next room. In front of her posse, I had those two guys. And I was like trying to get an erection in front of Monty Williams from Notre Dame. I was with Ron Dane and freaking Peter Warwick back there. Those guys are animals. I don't know if they're going to cheer me on or hit me over to have a brick. I'm like, yeah, you're the man. Crap. All of a sudden, you're Reginald Denny. Yeah, I thought they were going to Reginald Denny. Lead the sisters to us. I was in a nervous situation over there, Earl. Yeah. Now, Earl, but they can feel them and I remember. I mean, Earl, come on. Let's go. Let's go back to Velma. Where's old dirty bastard? He had his junk out in two seconds. You know what? No, no, don't worry about it. Don't worry. It's thinking trying to sneak the camera in there. Why are you guys doing that? I don't know. It ruins the show. We're telling them no. We're telling them no cameras. No, he has the spaz cam on. The spaz cam. Right, go tell them. I'm serious. Anyone who pops a camera gets fired. It's stupid. It's not even funny. You just wreck the whole freaking segment. All right, Velvet, maybe a little more relaxation for our own Earl. Why are you so urgent? Fast. Make sure there's no cameras. I'm serious. Hey, Velvet, why are you showing the little man in the boat? Yeah, come on. I think it's a little. Like a speed bag. She's excited in there. Oh, when I get done with you. That's the fat man paddling the canal. It looked like Billy Hines in the boat. Look, I have to get an erection with these guys standing over me. And Earl, you want to let her rub her shoulders. Yeah. So Velvet, back to you. Virgin. Hey, don't worry about Earl anymore. Let's. I'm wasting valuable sexy velvet time. Yes, of course. Caesar video, everybody. Buy those velvet videos because she does it. Actually, if you really, really want to see live in action, go to 69menow.net and you see the man in the boat. What do you make the most money off of? Let's pump that up. Oh, when I make the most money doing magazines and doing them. Internet. Internet. So say the Internet address again. You guys got to see this. Yeah. And she's going to open up for a Kevin Pollock. I mean, she's at 69menow. 69menow.net. Somebody tells me you're not getting stock advice when you go to 69menow. You never know. You never know. That could be the hook. Wow. Well, God, you could crack walnuts in that ass. Velvet, do you have anything else for Earl? Oh, oh. Give him a little something. Something. Yeah. I'm trying, bro. The power move on. You got to give it to me, right? I'm trying. Earl. Virgin. Virgin. Coming. Coming. Coming. Coming. Coming. Virgin. Coming. Virgin. Coming. Scott's all lives on at our station. Is he alive, that guy? Yeah. He left. Virgin. He's in a competing radio station, buddy. I don't know who's bigger, me or Earl. Earl's gay. Terrific. Okay. Terrific. Earl's gay. Terrific. Earl, if you're not gay. If you're not gay, you should be. Earl, prove you're not gay. Let's go. Prove that I'm not gay. Prove you're black. Prove you're peanut rod. Prove you're something, man. Touch me. Touch her. You said touch her. Oh my god, there's a woman. She's saying touch me. Get down. Get down. Hips in the front holes. And the back bitches in the chairs. Oh, there you go. There you go. Earl tuning in. I don't want to kiss it. Earl tuning in Tokyo. Earl looked like he didn't want to kiss Aunt Bunny. Get down. Get down. Woo. Come on. Look at all that ass. Oh, give me the toy. She's going to bring in her dump truck toy. Okay. Terrific. Get down. Earl's gay. Terrific. Okay. Terrific. Get down. Velvet, velvet. Hey. Hey. Hey. Earl's gay. Terrific. Hey. Okay. Terrific. Whoa. Whoa. Hello. Did you put the antibacterial in it? Uh, no. No, I'm asking her because if she dropped it on the floor, it popped out and fell on the floor. And then she cleaned it with her mouth. You know, the mountain's the cleanest thing. Not anymore. All right. Earl, do you think you could possibly get an erection if she... Earl, you know what? Get out of my studio. This is the biggest fan I've ever seen in my life. Earl's gay. Terrific. Okay. Terrific. Take out your junk. Can't believe this. Homer. Earl, prove something. God. I am Gumbel over here. Earl, prove something. Where is velvet? I am right here. Coming. Coming. Velvet's giving up on you. Velvet, do you think he's gay or not? Something is definitely the issue. Hey. Something is definitely the issue. Hey, velvet, velvet, give Earl the, give Earl the, the ass shake. See what that does for him. Yeah, get in that. You know, no, no, you know, don't waste that. Let's see what Earl says about this. There it is. There it is. Now give it that shake. Damn. Look at that, Earl. That's a very limp wristed thumbs up. Oh yeah. There you go. Touch it, Earl. Spank it, you fag. Wow. Rat tat tat tat ass. Hey, Earl, put a clinic flex on that ass. Bitch. Tat tat tat ass, nigga. Oh my God. Jeer. Hell, jeer. The brothers behind you are looking at you like stupid white boy. That ain't in at all. I'll rub this in. It's only busy. Oh, God. If anyone touches Jay's freaking hands at this point. No, the left hand's fine. If you see, if you see Jay tonight at Carrolives, when he's hanging out watching Mike DeNicola shake his left hand. I'd go into the club with a fake hook in my right hand, so I can't shake hands. You know that, friends, get out of my kitchen. Yo, this is a big man of yours here saying a warm welcome to everybody. Jay, watch that hand, brother. Watch that hand. Am I a goofy white? You were in there. Am I a goofy white guy? You're the man. That's who you are. You're the man. There's nobody like you. Trust me. My man, wear it up. Now, this is the left hand, B. You know how we do it. Fordham Road, nigga. You know that. From North, baby, to Bricks. I'll mess this room up. I'll mess this room up. 350 times. Hey, show my man an article of me putting the clinic flex on my man's ass. Hey, hey, gay man. I can't stand over here, baby. Earl G, terrific. OK, terrific. Front page, me ratting stuff, tapping knuckles off a guy's forehead. Belvin, have you given up on Earl? Yeah, it's the only butt so much I can do. Only so much you can do. Somebody has to be willing, you know? That's coming from a porn star. Willing. Pass and face. What more do you want? It's a porn star. She's getting pissed off, Earl. Come on. Earl, what's the problem over there? Then I said, you don't want to see me. What's the problem? Huh? No. It says my pimp language. What? What? What? I'm going to wash my hands. I can start shaking people's hands like a pregnant woman. Are we giving up on Earl? Yeah, I think so. OK, terrific. Earl's gay. Terrific. Virgin. Earl, you're getting a bad rap here. Too late. What do the brothers think? What do you think of Earl, man? He's crazy, right? I know you got what it takes to take what you got. Trust me, you can do it. Come on, brother. Put them together. Put them together. Come on up, brother. Do the thing. Do the wild thing. Do the dude. Make the brothers proud. Come on, big man. Is he the whitest black guy you've ever seen? Oh my God. What's up with that? It's Bobby Bonilla. Come on. You are here to represent the black men, Earl. Take it out, Tony Gwynne. I don't think they're singing this much. Come on. Well, how we played a great game. You're supposed to be our representative over here. I think you work in a coal mine or something your whole life. Yeah, Velvet is very disappointed at this point, huh? Earl, I was in your other room with people with their faces against the glass laughing. We could have filmed a porn on there for crying out loud. I think you did. I mean, I was close. I was, you know, I was at half mast. When everyone peeking, he's doing a live read looking over. And he's doing a live read. Greg was staring at me. I wasn't afraid. You can't be afraid of that. You're going to turn that ass out. You can't be afraid of it. That's why brothers drive Cadillacs. You can't stick that ass in a Volkswagen. It ain't right. The brothers behind you just shaking their head. Look and see they're nodding now. They're shaking their heads. Blue-eyed soul brother. That's it. They're on my side. You want to fool around? They're calling you the blue-eyed soul brother. I'm hanging like a black man. This man is hanging. Anybody want to fight me now? I got my peeps. What's up, B? We could do this, man. I'm a shrimp, son. I'm a shrimp, boy. Flavor Flav and the area code. You know what I'm saying? I'm eating now. Velvet, you got anything left in your bag of tricks for Earl here? Screw Earl. Get him out of here. Make me sick. We like Earl too much though. We need to get something going on with Earl. He won't even look at her. Ain't gonna happen. Earl, is there a problem? Earl, she has a vagina. She has a vagina. I saw it. I'm done. All right, come on. That ain't going through. I know. That ain't passing. Earl, she's beautiful. And those are real blue eyes. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, they really mind. I bought them that. Yeah, that's right. You paid for them, sister. Right. Got to see everything. You gotta trick that ass. Screw the blue ones. The brown ones are real. The brown ones. Lou from Farmedale writes, tell Earl to whip it out and say, what are we gonna do about this? I just don't see that happening. She'll know what to do about it. Oh yeah. Definitely. Of course. So the woman is a porno star. She has sex for a living. Who better? Earl, would you like her to go onto the console? Earl, would you like to take her into J. Moore's suite? Earl, are you lying? You'll be whisked away to the J. Moore's suite. Do you have a pulse, Earl? Guess I'm Opie and Anthony. I'm Stephen Lynch's couch. Earl, you know what? Next time I get locked out and I'm like knocking for somebody to let me in, don't even let me in. Just I'll wait for somebody. I'll wait for a white guy to let me in before I let you let me in. Earl, would you like her to get onto the console? Farlo, how you doing? Hablo Espanol. Earl, what are you doing? It's radio, Earl. Talk. We're gonna go to Van Allen soon. Out of pure boredom. I'm kicking your ass. Earl, you're not even saying anything. You're a karate hound. I choose to remain so. We, we, we- Virgin. We brought in this fine African sister for you. That is a sweet soul sister. She'll turn your ass out. Boy. Earl, how old are you? 29. Are you a virgin? Yes or no? Just answer. No. No. Okay. How old were you when you looked at virginity? 29. Two? You were two years old when you looked at virginity? Two. Oh, 22. Which uncle? Well, that explains a lot if it was two. 22. Were we in the military? No. Where'd you grow up? Queens. You're from Queens? I'm from Normal Parents. Um, Forest Hills. Forest Hills. No, I'm not. No, I'm originally from Corona. The mean streets of Forest Hills. Stop it. And this is women you've been having sex with. Yes. White- Virgin. Hey! White women? Earl's gay. Terrific. That's what it is. Okay, terrific. Oh. You don't like sisters? You don't like having sex with black women? I like all women. What's the problem? There is no problem. Oh. There definitely is the issue. Earl, it's radio. You gotta speak. Why do you even hear a mic, Earl? We could have your ass up against the mic and get more sound. I got carried in here by three guys. Well, that means you're a fag. You're not even- You're just sitting there like Bobby Bonilla on the Mets bench. No one knows I'm playing her and I got a bad ankle. Earl, is it the nappy hair? Does that bother you? No. It's not the nappy. The nappy. The nappy dugout. Giving up the nappy dugout. He wants a cave bitch. Earl wants a cave bitch. Six o'clock straight up, straight down. Look into her cold blue eyes and say, not today, devil, not today. That's what Earl wants. Earl's a freaking Israelite over there. Thank you, Jay Farrakhan. That's right. I gotta represent. Look at me. I got nervous. I gotta hit somebody. Look at you. I don't wound up. We're all pissed off. Get out, Earl. Jay. Earl just- Wow. Fag. Fag. Fag. Fag. Fag. Fag. Fag. Fag. White fag. White fag. White fag. White fag. White fag. White fag. White fag. White fag. Let's have spas at Barrel's. Kevin Pollock at Rascal's Ocean Township. That's right. Yeah. Bring spas in here. Mikey Nicole at Carolines tonight. Yeah, see if spas can- Does he play headless? Chant full ball in AIDS at Carolines. Well, no- Oh, yeah, yeah. Remember that thing? Get spas in here. Remember that thing? If your index finger is a lot shorter than your ring finger? Look at Earl's. Hold your hand up to these people. Oh! Yeah. Notice how he holds it apart so you don't have that perception? He's doing a live long and prosper. All right. Spas? Grab Jay's mic for a second. There you go. No, you know, give him the chair. I think Earl- No, no. We need to- We need to find out- It's your show. I apologize. No, no, no, no. Listen- See, take it off or open your hand to me. I'm defending you! You're no clown, I don't believe you. Earl, watch this. Stay up- No, get a chair. Come on. Yeah, please. For the love of God. All right, Earl, I'm going to bang it right here on the desk if you don't do something. All right, listen. Uh, we have spas in the studio. We learned today- No, Jay, stay near a mic. I just- We just ran out of mics, okay? We learned that- Spas really gets me water. Now that he's, you know, a celebrity doing that spas news, I got to get my own water. I do that spas news. How's that stinky? We- we- Yeah, yeah, send the sphynx-ter. All right, we learned today that spas- Has the power. Has the power to find out if someone is gay by just looking at their face. If they have the- he can- he knows what the gay face is. And the gay look. Looking at Earl, is he gay, spas? Yes, he is because he's got the huge ass chin. Wow, so that's a gay face. Yes, he's got that slender face kind of thing going. He's- he's definitely gay and he's got a lot of tendency about him to the point that he is gay. Like what? Wow. Like what? He had a big old behind in his face. Yeah, forget the face. Nothing. And on line 10, it says, have Jay pull down pants to excite Earl. And- Virgin. Right? Last night when I'm trying to tape the spas news segment, I decide to go to the bathroom and Earl decides to try to follow me in there, jiggling the handle while I'm trying to take a leak. What are you talking- what? Did you let him in? No, I didn't. The door was locked. So how was he jiggling the handle while you were trying to get in? Oh. I have no idea what you're talking about. That was the girl last night. Hey! Hey! Earl, were you trying to get into spas' pants there? Hardly. Okay, terrific. Earl's gay, terrific. All right, so we've determined that Earl's gay. He's spas' nose now. He knows the gay look and the gay face. Do you want to see if the brothers are gay or not? Let's see how brave you are. Come on, get them back on mic, Jay. Let's see how brave he is. We got these two fine brothers, friends of the show. They brought velvet down. They're not dead. He didn't even look. Their backs are turned. No, no, no, no, no, no. They are definitely not gay. He's a freaking silo with all the hair. Not gay. He's a freaking silo with arms. That could be the funniest thing I've heard today. Not gay. All right. Well, Earl, thanks for ruining a segment. What a waste of time. Look how disappointed she is. She wants to have sex with something. Somebody. She's not the most particular gal on the planet, Earl. She's horny all the time. She makes money. She's so horny that people pay her to keep being horny. She shows up at a photo shoot. They go click, click, click, click. Could you a little wider? Could you put that in there? No problem. That's how horny I am while I'm done. When you do the others, can we do it from behind? And we'll give you an extra like 600, 700. Absolutely. I'm so horny. Someone fill me up. And you're just sitting there. Look at yourself. You wonder why I drink. What does Buddy Hackett think of velvet? Well, you're very beautiful. And last time I was with a black woman, I was in the service. I was stationed in Florida. And well, I should say it didn't work out too good. I started having sex with her and her head started bobbing up and down. I said, you like that, don't you? She said, no, actually you got a bit of my scarf tucked up in there. All right, let's take a break. Thanks, Earl. Thanks, Earl. You were great. White fag, white fag, white fag, white fag, white fag, white fag, white fag. Earl, Earl, Earl, leave the studio in shame with your head down. Yes. Both of them. Can I curl in a hole now? Well, that's what we were telling you to do. You guys, can I curl in a hole now? And it goes, well, that's what we've been telling you to do. Come on. All right, come on, Earl. Leave the studio in shame. Yeah, you have to leave in shame. We're not going to go to break and have you leave. Do you have any exit music for Earl? Huh? Do you have any shameful exit music? Yeah, where's some shameful exit music for Earl? Some kind of a real, like YMCA or something. Yeah, Macho Man. Macho Man, get it. Yeah, where's Macho Man? You're going to have to walk out to Macho Man. Where you from, man? From the room. Yeah, let's put that in there. That's the tune that Earl's going to have to leave the studio to. We can do this one. All right, Earl. Earl's Gay, terrific. Okay, terrific. Virgin, virgin, virgin. 69MeNow.com That's right. All this is for you, little man. Okay. .net Excuse me. 69, what did you say, sister? 69MeNow.net Okay, terrific. White people got 69MeNow. There's no need to feel down. I'm saying it's me. Virgin. Believe me, it's worth it. All right, Earl, get your headphones on. Virgin. Get on 69MeNow.net. Don't let them come to you. All right, Earl, she's taking his headphones off. There you go. Go in the other room, get on 69MeNow.net. Maybe you'll get excited and come back in with it's four inches of junk. Get up. They're all going to be a swing of me. I got to be careful. Bow your head and walk out in shame. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey. Hey. Don't let anybody talk to me. Don't let anybody talk to me. There you go. Hey. Black girl, everyone. Virgin. Black girl, everyone. Okay. 69MeNow.net Earl's gay, terrific. All right. Where do you see the ass on this, sister? All right, with that, we got some audio from the fight with fat guy. Ever drive a gremlin? That's her ass. Big old gremlin. And Earl's tailpipe. Earl's penis checking in. I'm on vacation. I'll be back in three years. So we got some never before heard audio from the fight from Tuesday. Wait a minute. We have elevator audio and... These headphones, I just switched to Earl's headphones and it smells like Liz Teller's diamonds perfume. All right, we'll get into the audio next day. Right where you are. This joke degenerated. Opie and Anthony. There's no level two opening you guys want to take too. Maybe we should find a hot hole. Please stop. You heard it. 1027WNEW. Okay, terrific. All right, it's the Opie and Anthony show. Stupid. A stupid show today, that's for sure. Stupid. You're so stupid. Great way to end the week. All right. Oh my God. Well, did you see the other girl that's doing the oil wrestling show? From Privilege. Yeah. Oh, is that where she's from? Yeah. I thought it was the other girl that was actually supposed to show up. Oh, okay. That other girl is stuck in traffic. So they're getting the blue tarp cabaret ready outside the studio. We're doing a little spaz cam with that, right, Rick? All right. Where's Jay real fast? We got some audio from the fight from Tuesday. I have an email here from the kid from the Sixth Sense. I see gay people. I don't know what that was about with Earl. A little strange. Very uptight with velvet all over him. He's in a fetal position. He was sucking his thumb right to go. Jay's on the phone. He'll be here in a second, so we should film. I think we can do that. Let's go to the phone and talk to Charlie real fast. Charlie, what's up? Yo, ONA, what's up, dude? How are you? What's up? I want to play a little game of what I learned on ONA today. Okay. I learned that Earl likes it in the third eye. It's not the eye that winks, it's the eye that stinks. Little faggot. All right. Thank you, Charlie. Hey. Thank you. Let's go to Don. Don, you're next at NAW. Hey, Don. Yellow. Don, you're listening to the radio. We're on delay. You're live on the radio right now. Let's go. Don. Don. Don. Bill. Pat. Steve. No, he's Frank. Fred. He's going to say hello when he hears Don on the radio. Loser. Douchebag. Hey, Jacob face. Fama. Hey, Jacob face. Fama. Yeah. Why don't you answer your phone? Dude, what do you got? I would just like not even talk to him. We hung up on him. Hang up on him. All right, Jay, we got some more audio from the fight from Tuesday. I want the brothers to hear it. The brothers? I don't even know what we got. Rick was working his ass off in the other studio. Rick, what do we got on this tape that we haven't heard yet? Basically, what we have is from... We have it on video, but nobody's ever heard it. OK. It's inside the elevator going down to the street fight. Right. Then it's portions of the street fight that were dumped out. Right. Then there's the elevator ride back up and then Jay losing all of his ass in the studio. Nice. That was in the street is where I bounced one off his forehead. And then we got separated and I dropped low and did a swivel. Bobby McQuillis swivel that he taught. Then he does his HBO fight analysis on the elevator ride. That was the funniest part of the video, you critiquing your performance in the elevator. I was pissed off that I grazed him with the lead right and I actually punch a fat guy in the gut. Of course, we're talking about the Jay Moore fat guy fight that everyone seems to be talking about in this town this week. So here we go. Let's get to... Wow, I just saw the other girl. Emma? It's Emma. Emma from Privilege, the hottest chick in all of the land. All right, Scott. They're getting the spaz cam together. Remember she had the mohawk. She showed me the mohawk when I did Christopher Walken. Yes. And I said, are we going to do that again? She goes, no, now it's a wood floor. All right, again, the blue tarp out. Let's go to the audio tape here. I'm here when I punch this guy's mouth. You're going to fight me. I'm standing right behind you. I'm right here. Okay. I'm on the phone. I'm going to show him what I'm doing with my right hand. What the f***? Let's go f*** up the MCI wrong call. Three. That's three. Oh, you got to take the next one. Okay. What's going on? You better get up on the air because I'm going to punch him on the air. Doesn't involve me in that. I'm here. You guys better hurry up. Get on the air. Better get on the air. Just, you know, someone gets their face like up and down on the concrete, then break it up. You're going to meet a professional career. You keep getting your ear. I'm trying to talk to my hand, but it's a fight. What is this? I can't answer that. Dude, you're a professional. I don't need your help. You're talking like I'm going to get beat up by this guy. I am not saying that. Not beat up, Jay. It's just that you're going to be out on the street with hundreds of people watching this s***. Do you need to be in the street with a f***ing nut? Hey! F***! Get him, Jay! Come on, Jay! Get him! Yeah, he's right over there. Break that up! Break that up! He's off! Get him! Watch his right, watch his left. How you feeling, little p***y boy? I'm not a p***y. Yeah, well just back up, p***y! I'll back you up. Hold him down. Hold him down. Let's go. Jay, let's rock! Let's go. Hold back. I'm not a p***y. He's day-burning, man. Jay! Jay! Hold back. Hold back. Hold back. Hey, Jay. Jay, who's holding who? Hold back. Huh? Who's holding who? Hold back. Hold back. Hold back. Hold back. Come on! Hold back! Hold back! Hold back! Hold back! Hold back! Hold back! Hold back! Hold back! Hold back! Hold back! Hold back! Hold back! I ain't letting you go. Get your own there. Come on, come on. No, no, no. Calm down. Gotcha! All right? Gotcha! Yeah, with the snake! Come on, come on! I'm backing off. I gotta figure it out, guy. Let us go. Let us go. We got a crowd. You, Jay? You got it, Jay? Thanks, man. Yeah. That's it. Jay, Jay. Jay, Jay! Hold back! Hold back! Hold back! Hold back! Huh? Everybody keeps pulling us apart! Come on, Jay. I'll stand. Come on. Come on. What are you smiling at? What are you smiling at? Hey, hey, hey. Let's go. No, no. What are you smiling at? Come on, Jay. Take it. Come on. Take it. Go, go. No, no. I think you're mine. I just landed six shots. On the judge's cards, I'm up. I'm always going to be around you. On the judge's cards, I'm up. These guys are not always going to be around you. I think they're protecting you, pal. Oh, yeah. How many guys are running? None, because they know you're sitting there. Come on over. Get around them. I swear to God. Let Jay go. Let Jay go. Why don't you let me go? Let Jay go. Let Jay go. Are you saying if they let me go, I'm not going to come over there and deck you? Let Jay go. Let Jay go. All right, let me go. Why not? Come on, Jay. Let me go. This is the first time he's going to run into you. Yeah, I know. Yeah, I know. That can't happen. You know why I did not let me go. And we're not going to get sued. Why don't you come into the pile? I just came out of the building to come smack you around. That's worse. You're acting like I'm talking. I got four gorillas holding me. You're a promised big, big idiot. Yeah, I'm a pop. I just came out and I'm up on the judge's cards, pal. I just landed six shots. I just landed six shots. I'm up. All these people saw me come out to take you. I give them a 26. 26. 26. 26. 26. 26. 26. That's right. All these people saw it. We got people here that saw it and came out. All right, I'll see you tonight, then. See you tonight. When none of these guys are here, I'll see you tonight. Is it a deal? Yeah, it's a $25 ticket. Is it a deal? I'll see you tonight. I'm going inside. Body shots. Six to the body. And I'm thinking, as I'm hitting him in the body, I'm thinking, what the hell am I doing? He's fat. Takes about 15 minutes to get through. Yeah, you know, you got a hard hitting. Hey, Jay, what are you doing? Call me in here. You all right? I had a disabled going. What? But it's too bad. It don't work on black guys. Wow. And you know what? I totally f**ked up that first shot. That f**king lead right there. I should f**king check. Hey, f**k. I thought that f**king shot out there. Go. Come on. Go. Are you OK? I know. I went out and threw the first punch and I f**king missed like an idiot. How do you do that? I got to... I got to... Every time we go to fight, people f**king rip us apart, all. Jay. Jay. I got to respectfully file. I'm not... I can't do it tonight. Phil, and I f**king... I say f**king... That's f**king bulls**t. You come on here, f**king formerly people. I say I f**king steal f**king... When I got f**king three hours of f**king materials. That's f**king push, man. And I f**king f**king stand out there. There's f**king 200 people down there. He's going, Jay, you're a pussy. Why won't you fight me? Because I was f**king pulling us apart. You go on here, I say I steal my f**king sh**. I f**king f**k you, Paul. Why am I still here? Kind of hard to hear, but I think you get the gist of what was going on down there. Huh? Every time we got in grappling position, people just swarmed down and pulled us apart. Yeah. Yeah. Jay, let me ask you something. Are you right-handed? Yeah, but I... What you do is always lead with that left. I know. Make sure you drop them straight in the face. I know, I'm right-handed. Big guy like that. Man, you gotta take them down and take them down quick. You know my problem is I'm right-handed, but I learned to ride a skateboard lefty. So I stand... No, I'm serious. So I stand like a southpaw, even though I'm right-handed. So I lead with my right, even though I have no power of my left. So I just came out and threw a lead right. Bang. Same guy, the guy who said Billy... Somebody said he dropped the Twinkie, that's why he moves. I grazed it up. But then when I saw it on the video, something hit him right in the forehead. Man, if you gotta catch a guy... The guy's got a big forehead, you know, Don. Big face. He had a big face. He's a big dude. How much you weigh? 350? Yeah. Yeah, you gotta catch him open-handed so you don't break your hands. You know what I said, G? Yeah, you need those hands for, you know, what you were doing back there. I need my hands for pimping. You got a strong pimping? Pimp hand. Yeah. Well, for now. Yeah, he pimp hand. What did you just ask? Ask that again to Anthony and Obie. What did I say? You asked me if I had what? Strong pimping. Pimp hand! Pimp hand! You stole that! I had two... We had two strippers in here that were cousins. And they're like, well, we're not going to get naked at the same time. Like, come on, don't be a bitch, you know, come on. And they're stripping for me at the same time. We look up, they're making out. Two cousins are making out. That rock. You remember those two? Yeah. That rock, yeah. That was nuts. What, they doing that for you? Doing that for themselves or what? I think it was a little of both. There you go. A little bit of a young man. And they were like 18 years old. I'm gonna bring it up. I'm gonna bring it up. Pimp hand! You stole it! Oh, J, what up? What up, woman? How are you? Yo, it's gonna rain love today, yo. J, my man, J. Moore! What's up, son? Let me find out. You desecrated the... You know, you blessed the J. Moore studio with the essence. Hey, man, you should have been up here today, B. We got some love. I heard, man. Yo! You see the ass in this girl, B. It's velvet. Velvet's in this little fishnet outfit. Yeah, and how she changed, smellin' all pretty. Little yellow fishnet outfits. She got that cross on. I think that's what Jesus was hopin' for when he was being crucified. Oh! I hate it. No, I mean serious, right? If you're gonna come back, if you're the second coming, let's put it right in that cleavage. You're likin' the show today, O.D.? Yo, bro, it's been an awesome week here. Yeah, we had a lot. Awesome week. You were here when Anamal was here, but I got velvet, I got chocolate, I got jungle fever. Yo, what happened to Earl, B.? Earl didn't wanna do anything. Virgin. Yo, and the honey was all with it and everything? She was all over. Ready to go. With it. Listen to that voice. With it. She was with it. I said, huh, man, what's up with that? Yo, O.D., O.D., my man. Talk to him, velvet. O.D., Earl the Pearl was down for the count. Oh, man, Earl. Earl flaked in front of like... Everybody. In front of the whole city of New York. Yeah, he flaked, all right. Oh, my man. He coulda gave. He couldn't even look her in the eye. Can't show his face in this town again. He's done. He's washed up. The wrist was broke. Yep. The wrist was broke. The wrist was broke. Yo, velvet, you pushed that big kaboose up in his grill and he ain't do nothing? And then some, baby, I couldn't understand it. Now, if I pushed my big kaboose up in your face, what would you do? Damn, baby, I would've been skiing my tongue. Oh, thank God his phone screwed up. Thank God his phone screwed up. He dumped himself. Oh, not even Jase, not even the influence of the pen-pen. Couldn't get this man to do anything. Well, my pen-pen don't work on men. Hey, only on Marco, right? Hey, O.D., I even put a shout out to you today. I said if O.D. was here, forget it. Yeah, I heard, big deal. Thanks for the support, man. I'm representing you, son. Damn, son. What are you rolling at now? I thought they had an imposter up there today. I'm hearing the radio. I said, who's that? I said, O.S.G.? You know that. Well, man, you gotta down pack, kid. All you gotta do is get a little tan on your white ass and you'll be ready to go. No doubt. You know how we do it? All right, man. How far away are you from the studio? Where are you right now? I'm in Queens, B. It would take me like half an hour to get out there. I think it'd be worth it, baby. I think all the way through here. You think so? We're gonna be out soon. You're gonna be out, man. Yeah, turn on the old computer. We got a little spaz cam happening. Yo, I got my jammy hooked up and everything, son. Yeah? Yeah, I'm connected. All right. What are you doing tonight, O.D.? Me? Not as a kid. And you want to find out if you're gay? Spaz knows. He's got this new power. Hey, Spaz. Amazing. Spaz, Spaz is gonna say all black guys are not gay. Yo, my man Spaz is crazy, bro. Yeah, what can you do without this guy, bro? Did you hear the Week in Review today? Yes, I did. Priceless, man. Richie Cunningham, everybody's in the blue. A veritable potpourri of misinformation, bro. Yeah, well, Spaz, you've seen old Dirty a lot. He's been in the studio many, many times. So you have that image of his face in your mind right now, right? Maybe Jesus. You say that gay people have the gay face and the gay look. Yeah, that's who you are. Spaz is old dirty gay. I'm sorry, old D, yes. Not white! Oh, I'm gonna prank you when I see you, Spaz. That's it. Oh, D has the gay face? I got the gay face? What makes it the gay face there, Spazzy? It's kind of slender. And plus, he shows some tendencies from time to time. Not as much as Earl, but from time to time. We're not going with Tennessee. You said just by looking at somebody, you can tell. He's got the pushed in face on the sides. He's a half boxer. Yo, Velvet. Yes. You think a weekend of your retreat could kill me of this illness? It would be definitely, definitely back from wherever Spaz just put you in. Definitely. Oh, Velvet. Yo, Velvet. Definitely. Oh, D, I'm looking at her ass right now and I'm telling you, B... Is it like cinnamon? Cinnamon? No, it's like, I can't even explain it. It's like two Hoppity Hopps. We said it earlier. Oh, man. Oh, man. You know Janet Jackme's ass? Well, just bury that under your front porch because you got a new one now. This is the new ass in town. Yeah. And we got the hot redhead from Privilege Emma, the hottest girl in the entire place of Privilege Emma is going to wrestle with Velvet. A sensual wrestle, not a... You're oiling up and everything with the 10W40? Has Emma seen Velvet yet? I hope. She's been walking back and forth. She's seen me. Is she all cool with it? Yeah, she's cool. Isn't she pretty? Yeah, she's nice. She's kind of petrified, but she's nice. That kind of petrified, great. I don't think so. Oh, don't beat that ass, baby. Oh, no, this is all love. All love. I'm not afraid of you. Yo, get the festivities going. The people want to hear this oil wrestling thing. All right. All right, baby. Later. Later. Peace, baby. Actually, they're ready to go out there. All right. We just need a microphone and we're... Yeah, get a mic hookup. They're getting a couple of mic hookups. God, you're hot. Jesus Christ. Every time you turn around, it's like a new sunshine. It's like you never get tired of it. I don't like it. It's like I forget. And then every time she turns around, it's like, God, look at my ass, white man. What a way to end a week of radio. All right, we're getting the mics hooked up for out there. How many mics we got? We need two. Yeah. I'm coming in Monday and I'm bringing everybody champagne. I'm not. Oh, you're not allowed to have non-alcoholic champagne. Yeah, sure. What do you think? Dump some vodka in there and everything will be cool. All right. Get the non-alcoholic champagne. Are you guys not allowed to drink in the studio? Just grab... Yeah. Our bosses aren't. Three mics, let's go. Okay. I'm bringing Corbeau. Real set? What about that? All right, let's go. All right. Tonight, the next four nights when I pleasure myself, I'm going to be to that ass. Guys, is this mic on? Put on my headphones, you dumb F. There he goes. Okay. Jay, grab a mic. We only have a few minutes left in the show here. Sure, it's pink. Where's the... Where's the spaz cam? Where's the spaz cam? In the wrestling match. I guess Big Kev's got the spaz cam. The blue tarp is set up outside the studio. Oh. I'm going to be if you can lay in the room, I'm not blocking the door. All right. And Jay is out here. Jay was holding my mic. Oh, I got it in my hand. I'm going to have to wash up. All right, I think we're ready, ladies. We don't need Jay. Yeah, right? We got the lovely velvet in a yellow fishnet number. We got Big Kev on the spaz cam. He'll be getting some fine shots. And Emma, right? I remember Emma. How are you? With the Opie and Anthony t-shirt, I think that's real hot, man. From Privilege, of course. You can see her dancing down there on the blue tarp right now. Now, what's the... Wow, those clothes are going to get very oily, aren't they, Opie? Well, I think they're ready to take the clothes off, aren't they? All right. Velvet is taking the baby oil. It's like an Oreo cookie on the blue tarp. Some other place? Yeah, blue screen photography like Lucasfilm uses. Emma, wait. Superimposed spaceships. Give Emma the mic. You seem a little nervous. Are we going to have some CGI effects? Yeah, we can have that. Are you a little nervous? A little bit nervous. A little worried about Velvet? Yeah, she looks tough. She looks tough. But she's all about sensual wrestling. It's not like combative wrestling. It's more like a mutual body massage. It's not that very tough. Yeah, yeah. So I see that. You don't have to worry about it. And, Jay, it's like an Oreo cookie. Why can't Reverend Al Sharpton be here and see how the races get together in a good way? See? Right? Malik and Shalom. And they say the brothers don't like us. Come on. And he's a Nick fan, too. It's all real. It's all real. He's not wearing a Butts cap. He's a Nick fan. And neither are you. Did someone bring you a Butts cap? Did someone bring you a One-Nine? Malik said... Oh, they're getting... All right, how are we starting the wrestling? There they go. Who gets to go on top? Last time Emma was here, she had a Mohawk and she's informed us since then that she's bald. All right, I knew it. Vince McMahon, eat your heart out. This is what they should be doing, WWF. All right, they're pouring the oil all over each other. Big Kev is getting some stuff on the spaz camp. Oh, my God. Earl, don't touch me there. Jay's right in front of the action there, Jay. It's... Let's go to you. There's a doggy style position going on. Yeah. Chocolate's in the back, vanilla's in the front. But I got a feeling that might change if we play our cards right. Okay, terrific. Oh, now Emma is... Plenty of oil. ...against Velvet... Look at those Hershey Kisses. Oh, there's plenty of oil now on the blue tarp, on the girls. You guys getting slippery? They're rubbing it in. Here, let's go to the mic on the blue tarp. Yeah, I'll just go see if they're still there. Let's... All right, they are... Let's go down to the field with OJ Simpson on the sidelines. I believe it's amazing. When does someone slit her throat? All right, there's oil all over the blue tarp. Wow, look at that. For some reason, there's bottoms on. Let's get some noise going. We got the field mic working. Slippery ends. Wow. Very sensual. That's something, huh? Look at the contrast. We didn't even need a color camera for this. It could have just been a black and white camera. It would look the same. It's great. It's like a negative. Let's drop the bottoms is what Jay's yelling. Emma, take off her bottoms. No, she'll let you. Yeah, take off her bottoms so we can see the... She'll let you. Oh, goodness gracious. The purple winged bat. Twist an ankle, that would be bad. Oh, it'd be like that movie. If one of these girls slips and breaks her neck, then we gotta move them out of here without anyone knowing. Oh, just make sure they don't slip. Bring it in. We'll just toss them down the elevator shaft. Look at that ass. Okay. And velvet's in it. Okay, durable. Nice triangle, velvet. That's like the putting green at the Masters. Tom Lehman just sunk in his Twitter. Putting green. Oh my God. Use that ass, Emma. Come on, don't be afraid of it. I'm going in. Look out. It's not a wheelchair. Let the record state... Jay's not in there. Wow, lots of slimy action on the blue tarp, Opie. I see that, yes. And we're getting some great pics on the spaz camp. Whoa, what's going on here? Wait, get the mic back on the floor. There may be some spanking going on. Little spanking going on. Come on, spank her harder. 200 years of oppression. Come on, let her rip. Barry. Meow. All right. Emma, why don't you spank Velvet's ass there, yes. Watch this thing move. Uh-oh. Look at it move. It's like an earthquake. Watch. There's oil on it. Oh, she got loud. God, Jay. We are so far from the button, it's ridiculous. Elvis is here. What? I can't even speak. I'm so horny. Velvet's trembling. She's like, come on, white girl, hit that ass if you mean it. Hit me, hit me, she's saying. All right, Kev, keep that camera still so the people at home get a little peek at what's going on here on the blue tarp cabaret. Emma's working that butt. Whoa, here comes some big oil. Oh, lots of oil now, lots of oil. A ton of oil. Wow. Emma taking control. We have the perfect ass and the perfect breasts. Like drizzling stuff on a bundt cake. I said bundt. I said bundt cake. There you go. Wow, look at all that oil. Oh my God. Hello. You know, I think we could all get in there now. That is oiled up really well. We can put Earl's head in there. Well, that's quite a scene there, yes. Looks like the Exxon Valdez crashed into our ass. Again. Let's get a field mic. Annie, Velvet, how do you feel? Is this fun? Oh, yes, very oily. OK, take it easy. Velvet, is this your first time wrestling a white girl? No. No? No. You don't care who you wrestle. You don't care who you wrestle, do you? No. It's my first time. She puts milk in her coffee. That's a good line, bro. Oh my God. Will you help? If Velvet brings a toy out, will you help her with it? Oh, get the toy out. Oh my God. Wow. Jay, you're using your pimp hands. There's 11 guys here. I'm the first one to throw to the toy. Look at that. He's running for the toy. You know how to enjoy it. Throw to the toy first, Jay. Look at that ass. Oh my. Oh my God. I think we could get some human oil. 30-way? Use it all in the ass. Just more oil. He's got some WD-40 in his brain. There you go. Maybe some 40-way. Get some armor. Get some armor off. Armor off. Put some armor on those tires. Look at that. Oh my God. Oh, B, if you could see the view I have from my vantage point high above the blue tarp. Oh my God. That does look like a bat. Last time I saw that view, I had just paid a toll and I passed a squeegee guy. Where's the toy? Let's go. Where'd it go? Oh, it's in there already. There you go. That's pretty funny. Where'd it go? Well, in lieu of a toy, we'll use the waste paper basket. Where the hell did the toy go? It was in the other... Was it in the other studio? Wow. How are the reviews coming in from the... From the spaz cam? Reviews for the spaz cam coming in stinky? Are people liking it? Yeah. Yeah. Very good. All right. They found the so-called toy. Okay. Look, we got our camera guy. Emma just said, oh my God. Francis Ford copulate. Oh, there's the toy. There it is, Emma. What do you think? Look at her. What do I do with it? She's looking at it like, what do I do with it? I need to figure it out. What do I do? Here we go. This is definitely a curse for me. Okay. We started like a lawnmower. Okay. Oh my God. Just punch it in there. Punch it. Okay. This is great. Roll over so we get a better view there, Velvet. Actually, but just roll over. We need this talk to be on that thing like Westbury Music Fair in the round where they just spin. Help her out. And she's like a kid trying to figure out which block goes where. Yeah, there it is. Yeah. Oh, we obviously can't describe what we're seeing right now. There it goes. Well, they're just playing. Wait, I think Emma wanted to say, okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. All right. Emma, give us an okay. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. She's pointing at you. Oh, okay. I see that. It was winking at me. Hey, Velvet, will you do that on your back? Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. but soldier that those extra you're you having fun and thought the airflow on saturday przestaria İnega man tonight physician families啀 agents mo about now Emmanu and will continue and even and i the temple center out but all that oil that they could let this be a civil rights com Alright, with that, let's hear it for Velvet and Emma! Great job! The people, what a show! What is it? 69MeNow.net? Oh my God. For Velvet and Emma, of course, is the hottest chick at Privilege, the premier gentleman's club. Alright, we're back in the studio. We only have a few minutes left in the show. That was one horrified white chick. At one point, you want to say, okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. Terrific. Alright, well that was one for our internet friends. A lot of people taking it out on the spaz camp. Well, I'm going to have to see if there's some responses to this. Yeah, we'll go to the phones while you get the instant feedback going. Joe, what's going on? Hey, what's happening? This is Joe Stam from Oakland. I'm watching this. Yeah. Let me tell you. It looks like a swimming pool with two split-faced head sharks just swimming around. Split-faced head sharks! Split-faced head sharks! You've never heard that before? They're beautiful! It's beautiful! It's a beautiful thing! I love it! That's a great thing, great show. Split-faced head sharks, Hopi. Alright, thank you. You know, the amazing thing about this is you guys can all go see Emma like tonight at Privilege and be like, just walk in the door, pay your coverage at Privilege, check your coat and go, where's Emma? Where's Emma? This is Jacques Cousteau. We are looking for the split-faced head shark. I will now send my son in. Believe me, I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. Privilege is on 23rd and 11th Avenue. That was unbelievable. I called Melvin Elvis. Yeah, I saw that. That thing shot up. I was like, I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. I'm going to send my son in. Privilege is on 23rd and 11th Avenue. That was unbelievable. I called Melvin Elvis. Yeah, I saw that. That thing shot up like a percent in a cornfield. I was like giving birth in the old days. Just kicking the big guy out and he's squatting. The kid comes out. And Melvin, of course, opening up for Kevin Pollack. You know, when you get instant feedback that just says things like, the toy is still in there. Enough said. You know that people enjoyed the show. I say we bring Velvet and the brothers to Carolinas tonight. Oh yeah? Take Dean Nicole with Junk out on stage. Always sing FBA. Anthony! Yo. What do you got, Anthony? Hey, Steve, that's the Wrangler. What's going on? I want to officially start the bidding for that blue talk. Yeah, put that on eBay. Yeah, what do you want to pay for it, man? I don't know. Well, let me see. We'll start with a hundred bucks. We'll go from there. All right, man. The money goes to Earl's sex change operation. Let me ask you a question. Were they like trying to, with you filming it, is this going to be like the female sequel to The Revenge of Nigga Charlie or something like that? The soul of Nigga Charlie, that's the power. Hey, thank you, Anthony. All right, Dan, thanks, you, Doug. It's Fred Williamson starring in The Blue Top Cabaret. That was so hot. Emma's like, we've got to get Emma on, Mike. She's petrified. Yeah, get Emma real fast because we've got to get off the air. The sick thing is you can just walk into privilege and go, where's Emma? Where's Emma? Emma, come here. Emma, come on on, Mike. Oh, poor Emma. Look, she's horrified. Oh, Emma, how you doing? She's even whiter than she was before. Yeah. That was something, huh? She's so scared now she's see-through. I'm not so bad at that. We know that from last time. She looks like Edward Monk's The Scream. It was so funny, you handed her that big, huge toy and she goes, OK, terrific. Yeah, it's like, all right, what do I do with this? I just want to make my mom proud. I think you're dead. Are you working tonight? Yes. You better be because you're going to make a lot of money tonight. Yeah, we're going to make sure everyone goes down to privilege. That's right, privilege on 11th Avenue and 23rd, I believe. 23rd. Yes. And you can just walk right in and say... Did you survive that experience, Emma? I did survive and I think Velvet is a champ. She almost took out an eye when she stood up. I just called the guy from the Sixth Sense and he said, I see scared strippers. Thanks, Rick. That thing flew out almost and got an eye. Oh my God. She went to stand up or turn around and there was so much oil on that thing. I swear to God. Did you see it? Yeah. You were almost in the way. Oh, something's flying out at me. Oh my God, it took a head off. Good thing we all wore our kevlar. That thing went off. Curtis! Curtis! Curtis! Bye, Curtis. Bye, Curtis. I like when guys decapitate themselves on the phone. They're on hold for a half hour and it's like, Curtis, you're on a bad day. With that, I think we have to leave. Emma, thanks for being on Sixth Sense 4. Emma, by the way, last time she was here, I said... Before the three gals came here... You can't talk either. Well, it's hard when you see the placenta roll up. It looks like one of those videos you see in health class. It does. It says, right. Oh, really? Yeah. It sounded like it. I know, because when you're like 13 or 12 in health class, you don't know anything about placenta or anything. So you see the baby come out and all of a sudden you're like, oh, that's the baby. And then you're like, what the hell is the lima bean catching? I'll tell you one thing, it would be like throwing a crowbar down an empty hallway. Emma's going to be able to retire after tonight. Guys, you're going to be getting dances from you. WD-40. There you go. All right, listen, we've got to give away the filter. Oh, no, give away more Warped Tour tickets. Cool. All right, winner receives a pair of tickets to the Warped Tour 2000 featuring Green Day, the Mighty, Mighty, Boss, Don'ts and the Long Beach Dub All Stars at Randall's Island, Saturday, July 15th. Tickets are on sale now through Ticketmaster. We'll give these to the 10th caller, so clear the phones before you get a winner. 212-757-10271, Anthony. I can't even read that one. Emma, get your corn tickets, no? You want my corn tickets or are you working more than I? I am working. I think you're going to make it up tonight to be able to retire. I got corn tickets. Emma, Emma, Emma, Emma, privilege, Emma. I've talked to Belle that she's going to donate her G-string, covered in oil, for our auction later on. We can't speak either. No, everybody speaks. And it wasn't because it was ironic to a point, but then it just got, I don't know what it got. It just, wow. Surreal. It got surreal, yeah. It got surreal? Definitely surreal. Have you ever had a girl-girl experience? Yes, I have. But not with toys and not with an ass-in-the-woolidge? Yeah, with toys, but not with lots of people watching and then a oily talk. You never have Thanksgiving at home? Opie, this just coming in over the newswire. NASA ships are being sent out. The toy just splashed down somewhere in the South Pacific. They're going to pick it up. And they're blaming Gus Grissom for letting it sit. You screwed the pooch, Gus. Virgil Gus Grissom. You blew the hatch. That poor guy. We don't want to leave, but we have to stay for Don and Mike. Alright, man. Jay, thanks for giving us another week on Great Radio. Don and Mike, I like, I like those guys. Yeah, they're funny. A lot better than Lycus. Come on! And that was a true story, that he actually tried to buy us dessert at a... In LA or whatever? At the place, me and Jim Rome. And we said, tell them, you know, we're watching our figure. We're going to be skinny like Opie and Anthony. That was great. When we were in LA, I had to drive around in a rented car listening to commercials. And listen to me this Friday for Flash Fridays. We're going to have a Flash Friday party. Total ripoff of our Whip them Out Wednesday. Oh, I saw, wow, I was watching the Met Game. There's a wow right by my own plate. And the OK terrific sign. You see that? OK, terrific. I didn't see that one, but I saw wow. Alright, Rick's got the velvet panties. Wow. Oh, god, Emily, you are so hot. That was like the slingshot. Oh, there you go. If I ever get a divorce, I'm not even going to ask you to marry me. I'm just going to show up with a house. I'll be like, come on outside. It's a wide load. How old are you, Emma? I'm 27. Oh, god, she's smart, college, everything. She's everything you need in a woman. Perfect breasts. Ask the brother if he likes her. Yeah, brother. Yo, baby, what's up? I mean, not bad for a white girl, right? For a white girl, it's not bad. Not bad at all. I like that. Thank you. I said they'll milk her my coffee. It's cool. Is that white ass a little too small for you, though? No, it's tight. It's cool. I think if you had sex with her, it would actually be assault. I think you'd kill her. No, no, the actual sexual act might be just a little crazy. You look like a man that is... Uh-oh. Everyone already thinks I'm gay, so I don't want to like... Oh, god. Hey! Here it comes. Go ahead. We'll end with this line. Go ahead. Yeah, we're ending with Kevin Pollock and rascals, Mike Deena-Cole at Carolines, and Opie and Anthony's the best goddamn radio ever. Let's go to Carolines and... Yeah, aside from C100, J Pant, J Pimpant. Oh, and for all the listeners, let's stop the death threats on Paul and Billy. They're calling their cell phones and saying, I'm right behind you. I'm going to kill you. Oh, my god. Come on. Yeah, that's not cool. Those guys have suffered enough. We're going to bring them back in. All right, listen. Are you on your show? Yeah, sure. Let's go support Mike Deena-Cole. Eight and ten dirty rascals. Mario Cantone's the headliner. All right, cool. And with that, we'll see you guys Monday at 2. Thanks. Have yourself a great weekend, all right? God bless Opie and Anthony. Valvon, real fast, that website. One last time. The website is 69MeNow.net, and you can catch me not the following Thursday, but the Thursday after. I'll be at the waterfront in Yonkers. Yonkers. When you open your sports page and you see the number of people that are watching, you can see the number of people that are watching. And you can see the number of people that are watching. And you can see the number of people that are watching. And you can see the number of people that are watching. God, let me just see the ass one more time. Just because I'm going to go home right now and take a quote unquote nap. Oh, God, look at that ass. Jesus, criminy. Later. Hey, and your mom did say I was hot. Oh, come on, mom. Don't bang Opie. You f*** my mom, I'm f***ing yours. Oh, disgusting. I say lay back and enjoy it. The hell with the market ride. Opie and Anthony. A couple of real motherf***ers. 1027 WNEW. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.