 OP and Anthony 1027 WNEW Some days you know for a laugh ride and other days we just flat out sock we know it Interesting, interesting OP and Anthony 1027 WNEW Ouch, ouch, ouch Ouch, ouch, ouch Ouch, ouch, ouch Ouch, ouch, ouch Ouch, ouch, ouch Ouch, ouch, ouch Ouch, ouch, ouch Ouch, ouch, ouch Ha ha ha ha ha Sounds like Jimmy Superfly Snooker saying ouch Yes, we have a new sound to play with over and over again on the OP and Anthony show Ouch, ouch, ouch Ouch, ouch, ouch Ouch, ouch, ouch Ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha ha ha Ha ha ha ha ha Ouch, ouch Ouch, ouch, ouch Ha ha ha ha What's up brother man What's slacking in Not much, 2127571027 is our phone number, it's the O&A show Backline 2129579639 How's the back my friend Oh Bunch of people noticed I was a little irritated yesterday Just a tad I remember having pain up and down your back and your legs And you feel like you have cerebral palsy Because you can't walk You too would be irritated Cerebral palsy Ha ha ha ha ha I remember that I remember that from the Otto and George show at Carl Ides That was hilarious I came from my legs I got palsy Are we going to get Otto and George on the show There's a rumor out there that George Wants to come on the show Or is it Otto Who's the dummy, Otto? Otto's the dummy George is the comedian No It's Otto George is the dummy And Otto's the dude Really? Yeah The next road show Whatever it takes We need Otto and George Live in front of 1400 people Hell yeah To do like a quick 10 or 15 minutes Absolutely lose it Absolutely lose it Alright Let's get rocking on the phone lines here Oh by the way I know why Mark from Rascals is calling We just played Bobby Slayton That was a repeat You better run and grab Mark from Rascals I know that's why he's calling Dude we're getting a ton of phone calls about Bobby Slayton That was a repeat from a couple weeks ago Oops Sorry You know with people calling up looking for tickets for Bobby Slayton That passed already Well just give them tickets for something else Hey we tricked a lot of people into thinking we started at 2 today Oops I don't think we're fooling anybody Nah we're not fooling the Faithful listeners But no Bobby Slayton is not at Rascals He came and went Alright let's go to the phones Anthony On this Tuesday 212-757-1027 What's going on? Hey guys what's up? I saw a wow sign on WWF yesterday I saw that too Right behind the announcer's table The announcer's table yeah Ouch Ouch I'm kind of pissed at that guy though He had a great opportunity They were on the announcer's you saw the wow real fast Well they weren't in New York yesterday They were in Philly But I mean he holds up the wow sign To the camera for 2 seconds And then he pulls it down and starts just Mugging for the camera and waving to his friends Yeah that sucks But I gotta say Raw as War Was great last night We all found out that Stone Cold Steve Austin is coming back For the next pay per view You're damn right It's about time we need Stone Cold Steve Austin back in the WWF Stone Cold Steve Austin What a I don't know last time I saw him his neck was still screwed up He was Where was that? WrestleMania They showed a quick clip of the convention center Where he was signing some stuff And he was like yeah well I'm looking forward to getting back to work And you just see he's like Like a machine all stiff He was like Opie All stiff Ouch Ouch Alright George Indication maybe next year Whatever Let's give up on that syndication now crap Ouch God damn that's good I hope our faithful listeners find it as funny as we do When we just over do stuff Ouch I could just play this all day Ouch Hey where is the Jimmy Superfly snooker ID Yeah absolutely brilliant That thing's great A brilliant piece of radio Ouch After our Jimmy Superfly snooker Interview that was A little strange to say the least yesterday Anthony Superfly went into the other studio to do one of those IDs For our radio show It took over 3 minutes to say Hi I am Jimmy Superfly snooker And you're listening to Opie and Anthony on 1027WNOW Ouch Took over 3 minutes Psycho Mark cut it down to a minute and a half piece And check this out Here it is from yesterday Opie and Anthony On 1 2.7 102 Opie and Anthony On 1027 This is the Superfly Jimmy snooker And you Okay Ouch This is the Superfly Jimmy snooker And you're listening to Opie and Anthony On 1027 WNOW Ouch 1027 102 102.7 102.7 Yeah We call it 102.7 Okay 1027 WNOW You want to say his name? Oh my god Say it again One more time and I'll let it down Ouch This is the Superfly Jimmy snooker And you're listening to Opie and Anthony On 1027 WNOW Superfly Jimmy snooker On your radio dial Thanks man Okay brother Okay brother Ouch Be quiet sir What do you got Psycho Mark? There's a bunch of okay brothers on that car Yeah I know here it is Okay brother Ouch Ouch Ouch Oh the poor guy The poor guy It's classic man You gotta love that Alright let's go to Ron, Ron what's going on? Hello O.K. I can't believe you found somebody from the Isle of Fiji that speaks English Wow that's debatable Wow that's true Listen some close friends of mine That work up in Connecticut told me That even though Austin's going to be in the Rocks corner You guys are getting your payback Because he is going to smoke The Rock with a chair And a back of the head during the championship match Yeah it's obvious that they're not going to remain past He's going to be fighting with the Mcmahons So it's going to be great You're going to see that half-read get what's really coming Cool man thank you Yeah it's obvious that they're not going to just Be friends No of course not They're going to get into a brawl there When the Stone Cold is in the Rocks corner For the next pay per view Alright let's go to Chuck, Chuck what's going on? How you doing guys? That is the best promos I'm going to be fighting with the Stout Louie Anderson With the Show Me Puddin Show Me Puddin That's just classic It's just too good Alright thank you Chuck Ouch Andrew what's going on? I love it The Rock's going to get jumped by Austin Because he's making Mummy Part 2 He's going to be out for two months Oh really? Yeah so that's why Austin's come back The Rock is going to make Mummy Part 2? Yeah Ouch That's right Well it's obvious something's going to happen With Stone Cold Steve Austin in the Rocks Guys, syndication when cringe comes out Yeah right That's a double whammy Our whole lives have been put on hold And cringe will come out when we're syndicated Yeah exactly Alright boys Alright let's go to Bill Bill you're next on NAW Hey what's up guys Hey I saw Snooker wrestle In a high school gym in New Jersey a few months ago Ouch He moved as slowly as he talked He laid on the ground For about 20 minutes while the guy pounded him Then he crossed, he climbed in the top rope Did the jump, and the match Okay brother Then they pulled out Nikolai Volkov Ouch It was like all the wrestlers who were Too old for WCW You could hire them for your birthday party Right on man Alright well thank you Bill Syndication name but never Syndication name but never That's just my answer That's why we love it Ann Marie what's up Hey I just wanted to let you know the reason why Stone Cold's coming back He's filming a movie so he's going to take a sabbatical Yeah I think we just heard that Did we just hear that Ouch Alright well thank you Ann Marie I'm going to be in that movie too brother I'm playing the mummy They just wrap me up and leave me on the table Ouch You know what we've got to cut up Superfly said okay brother To go along with our Okay terrific Let's hear Okay brother I just got the brother Okay brother I thought that just said brother Okay terrific Let me turn you down Okay here's superfly Okay terrific Ouch Let's go to Jim Hey Jim what's going on today Hey what's up I have nothing about wrestling to speak about That's okay I think we got it all out I think he's going to turn on the rock during the pay-per-view And the rock is going to be filming Dummy 2 That's right brother I'm filming Dummy 2 Hey Ann there's a CD out for sale on eBay Really It's called Rock Gut Does that sound familiar to you Sure I was in that band Oh it is It's listed as your band I wanted to know if it was for real On eBay It's worth $30 Did it show the album cover No it was something about the Apollo That's the one So it is for real That's for real Okay terrific That great music couldn't be kept at bay Is it worth $30 No Are you kidding Buy it for $30 and we'll sign it for you Okay good Actually it says something about having the trade take place on the air Great Your brother probably put it up there for sale Is your brother in the band too I'm looking it up right now To see what it is Description Okay it's got all the things Winner bidder What else is shipping and handling Yeah look at that I don't know who this is Is it Long Island No Seller No that's not my brother Who is that I'm going to write him an email right now Who the F are you Guy's selling my pass Alright Jim thank you Bye Let's go to Fred Fred you're next on NW how are you What's going on I saw Howl & George on Saturday Oh man Wasn't it great Yeah we're going to try to get Otto & George on the show soon He said he was coming back in two weeks Oh yeah He was going out to Las Vegas He's coming back in two weeks to play rascals I'm going to call up right now for tickets To see what's going on If that's the truth you guys should get your tickets in advance Because Otto & George absolutely an amazing show You gotta have them at the road show We're going to try to do that You gotta do it That's the Pope joke on the plane That's the worst joke I've ever heard Don't even give it out See Otto & George in front of 1400 people At one of our road shows he would kill Alright Fred thank you Thanks a lot Owen Superfly is on the air He wants to talk about yesterday's interview Superfly What up brother What's up I'm sorry about yesterday's interview brother That's what happens when you're as dumb as a box of rocks brother You know all the coconuts that I got hitting my head brother But it's all good It's lovely brother Ouch The last time I was on a radio station It took me ten minutes to do it on D So you guys should feel fortunate that Brother Snooker did the right thing I get to have three Alright Superfly Alright boys Peace, love and chicken grease Alright thanks for stopping by yesterday Oh no problem brother Alright You might remember me Superfly Snooker On taxi I went by the name Reverend Jim Ouch Too funny Okey doke I'm going to kill her I'm going to kill her Killer man I love it Yes Superfly Ouch I walked too far You want to play some of this today Ant Yeah that's some pretty funny stuff We got a CD Well the CD Ant and I have been jamming in the back office For a very very long time I got to see if this is the track Hold on Electric Okay And we like turning our listeners On to different stuff right Antony Yes Well we've been jamming this for a couple years now It's the touch tone terrorist Yeah With the retarded hillbilly And we figured we'd play a few of these Today on our radio show as we take a break here Okay Alright Jim Bob the retarded hillbilly Umm calling like a break shop I believe And it's pretty wacky Check this out we'll be back in just a bit here Stay there Break Listen to me Sammy P. Brayden Roof your people Bill Just came in over here Hello I got no roof you bird brain You people call yourself professional Professional Professional nincompoops Who in the hell is this What am I supposed to sleep with With a livestock You put scooter on the phone You bird brain Oh do you know who the f*** you talking to pal Listen you smart ass You people go give me a refund I'm sick and tired of you Do you know who you're f***ing talking to Who you trying to call you dumb f*** You know you know You know who you're talking to You can sit a boy And kiss my country ass Cause I will come Down for a refund Who are you trying to call Put scooter on the phone You s***head Hey you f*** face You got the wrong number and you don't talk to me that way I'll come kick your country f*** ass Listen you F*** You f***ing f*** F*** City break Listen boy you Are you trying to call f*** city break Scooters roofing Well god damn it You dumb motherf*** This is city break City break Can you further that argument Yes you don't F*** break I sit on my ass and wait on you people all day You say you're going to be here At 12 noon Who in the f*** is this This is Jim Bob You know people say You're going to be in my Look at my room at 12 noon Now listen to me You old f*** You called me last week and I told you Three god damn times This ain't no f***ing roofing company This is f***ing city break You don't call me up cussing me out Telling me this s*** You better call the right f***ing number You ain't lucky I'm in a wheelchair Well you come on down here And I'll show you a little bit of ass whooping You don't call me up Talking to me that way You got the wrong f***ing number Do you want to talk to a roofing company Why did you say The wrong number I told you that You said to people You said to people Break Why is it you city people All like You all stubborn Like saddlesores Well I'll tell you what sir I do not know Who you think you are talking to Why did you say I had The wrong number I told you that three times last week You had the wrong number You city people you all like Ain't you You people from the city I can tell you from the city Where the hell are you from I'm from Gators Creek Georgia We don't have Health clubs or smog Or S***head city people Is that right We don't have Paved roads I should have never Moved out here Take a breath for a minute mister Are you looking for a roofing company Scooters roofing Well why don't you try dialing The right number and quit wasting My valuable time Your name rod Saddlesore S*** Why don't you try calling The right damn place and Stop wasting my time Scoot at the back road Is that scooter This is not scooters roofing You sure about that God damn it mister get it through your F***head you got the wrong god damn number Now quit wasting my f***ing time OB and Anthony 1027 WNEW It's the O&A show Thanks for joining us today 2127571027 is our phone number Yeah I believe we have Bridget coming in From Make Bridget Cry What's she doing She's getting her first waxing live on the air today Oh yeah I forgot about that Sweet innocent shy Bridget Getting her taint waxed today Oh yeah I forgot about that Sweet innocent shy Bridget Getting her taint waxed today Virgin Yes I need my own pot for this thing Wait do that again Virgin Ouch Ouch Virgin Hey Virgin Coming Ouch Virgin Ouch We get new sounds every day And then we beat it to death We gotta find something else new We humor ourselves around here We humor ourselves around here Yeah Alright so what time is she coming in Like 4.30 or so Very very good Virgin A lot of people requesting The Artie Milo prank call Anthony Artie Milo Which one was that The one we did I used a few Artie Milo's Artie Milo I think he's talking about the time we called the Green Bay funeral home Artie Milo Oh that one For the Super Bowl Artie Milo started out the voice of Sam Drucker Remember that Green Acres Sam Drucker And I called him Mr. Drucker when we talked to him Yeah we did talk to him we played dead or alive with him Yes we did We haven't played dead or alive in a while No we haven't had phone numbers of ancient celebrities that we could call up I've run out of phone numbers but if anyone out there has connections I've run out of phone numbers but if anyone out there has connections And has phone numbers of very very old celebrities Yeah We need them because we play a game called Alive or Dead We make a bet whether or not the person is alive or dead We bet a beer usually And the guy who loses has to tell the person why we're calling And the guy who loses has to tell the person why we're calling Yeah It's like oh you're alive huh We called because we're playing Alive or Dead Yeah it's a brilliant little game And to the bitches from prison And to the bitches from prison that want to get a hold of us today call back Yeah Stinky hung up on uh you know babes and heat Yeah caged heat We had caged heat calling the show And Stinky uh Stinky freaking hung up on him Look at he's jumping up and down Get him in here Stinky Did you or did you not hang up on the caged heat that just called in a little while ago Did you or did you not hang up on the caged heat that just called in a little while ago Yes I did Now why don't you hang up on female prisoners Now why don't you hang up on female prisoners They go to the front of the line and in phone calls Because every time I've gotten a call Spaz has told me to hang up because we don't accept Collect calls anymore Who told him we don't Who told him we don't Accept collect calls anymore I believe that was a spaz executive decision Ha Now we only accept them from uh prisons That's all All caged heat Gets right through to the radio show And yeah the male prisons we might Didn't blow off and not put them through but the lady prisoners Get through regardless Doesn't matter Caged heat Stories about the laundry room and the broom handle Remember that Linda Blair movie Oh my god In the uh shower She's getting the broom handle Every time there's a Prison film on TV you gotta stop For a while Yeah female prison Alright so hopefully they'll call back Anthony You wanna play this prank call I mean we could turn it into like a prank call day Ho ho wait a minute We got tons of them we could play We haven't played a lot of these in a long time No we just played a prank call so if we play another one Are you saying we're doing two-fers today We could do two-fers of prank calls But we don't have two for Tuesday anymore Yeah we lost that We lost the lucrative two for Tuesday Position Another radio station has stolen two for Tuesday And we don't know what to do in its place Oh no What are we gonna do If we survive Where will we get the strength to go on Two for Tuesday Oh brother Ouch Ouch God damn I love that one Alright well we could play this real fast Yeah it's all for our Domino World CD Yeah remember that When we actually wanted to put a CD out with a radio station And we put a bunch of bits together And put the CD out Oh what a problem Believe it or not It made it out there no problems made a s-load of money Yeah we didn't get sued for it A ton of people bought this thing about two and a half years ago We were supposed to have a follow up to this But for some reason The lawyers The lawyers think we have some problems with our material these days I don't understand it We were gonna have a double CD out called Cringe That was supposed to be out six months ago Yeah Six months ago That was before our lives were put on hold Everyone's laughing at us Who laughed with you Ouch Alright we could play this real fast We had a request for it I don't know it was When the Packers and the Patriots were in the Super Bowl A few years back And we called a funeral home In Green Bay Wisconsin Gee I'm trying to remember that game I believe the Pats did really well What a circus We actually were broadcasting live from some place Up in Boston during that game By half time everyone was just drunk Not even paying attention to the game Just a blow out And they still got blood sewed up there Don't they understand I like when he screws up Like oh and blood sewed throws Intercepted and he walks off the field smiling Like with a smirk on his face Cause he knows how much money he's making He doesn't suck so bad Jack off Our jets aren't doing much better At least they have a reason So off to Meta World we called a funeral home In Green Bay Wisconsin We're in the Super Bowl and This is pretty freaking brutal check it out Hello Okay my name is Artie Milo And my father recently passed away Did your dad pass away did you say Yes yes he did When was that I don't know 2 or 3 days ago Now he wanted to watch the Super Bowl with his family And we just want to know If there's a way you can come over And like you know temporarily You know prop them up In the big chair So when the family comes over he'll be okay Until after the Super Bowl and then we'll bury him No we can't do that Mr. Milo Oh it was his one dream to watch the Packers In the Super Bowl And we already painted his face green and gold No I You mean Not get him until then Yeah well you could come over and maybe Pump him with whatever you do And you know preserve him Until after the bowl No I'm afraid we just can't do it Why it was his dream You know to watch the Packers in the bowl And we've been holding on to him For a couple of days now he's been in the barn But you know the coyotes have been Anipping and I don't think he's going to make it till Sunday No he died Who knows that he has died Hopefully no one but we just want You to come over and you know prop him up in the chair And maybe open up his hand so we can put a beer in there And we can't We can't do that We can't embalm anybody at home Once they're embalmed they can't be In a sitting position Well he's been in a sitting position Now and he's getting kind of hard But if you could maybe do something And then lay him down later We'd even be up to you know if you've got to break something It's okay We don't do that It was his one lifetime dream You see the Pack in the bowl with his family And we got the big screen TV and the chair for him We will not do that If your dad has died And if you really have not notified anybody You do have to do that You have to have the medical examiner's approval To take him away Okay look what if we put the Coffin in the house And put the TV on the coffin That way he'll be with the family Is there a law or something? No if he was embalmed and if he was able If there's no problem as far as Preserving him Would you put like a pack banner in his hand? Because it was his dream to see the Packs in the bowl We could probably do that I don't know if we could have a visitation In the house depending on how Well preserved he was and if we could get a casket Into the house Once he's embalmed he is laying down Right Do you think that's like degrading if we put The cheese head hat on him? Do you want me to call the medical examiner for you? Oh no that might not be a good idea Try to explain where his feet went Bye Okay 212757 1027 is our phone number It's the O&A show Welcome back to winter Yeah How to break out the winter coat today Yeah we're getting these nice days and then all of a sudden It sucks again you open the door you don't know what to expect Cold I guess tomorrow it's going to be alright though We're doing weather breaks now? Yeah sunny 60 degrees tomorrow Weird weather We're going to have to break out Wipomile Wednesday Officially tomorrow I think tomorrow we finally do it so Get those wow signs ready for your ride I've seen a lot of trucks already Wow on the back We got the new wow stickers coming in any day They're going to be all over the tri-state area But even though the wow stickers are So much cooler this year than the crappy ones We had last year We still like when you guys make your Homemade signs and get into it I mean you guys get crazy with Your wow signs Ones that light up and all sorts of crap going on But I think tomorrow is the day I think we finally break it out We've got to start somewhere and I believe tomorrow will be that day Alright what's going on over there Anthony? I'm reading during the commercials Amazing huh? Yeah what's up with that? You're not trading today No I had to go long on some of my stocks now I'm pulling out of the options Business for a little while So it stabilizes a bit Was I the only stupid one that Put more money into the market yesterday? No you're running it good You're long on these things You're doing a good job The damn market scares the crap out of me And I was talked into putting more money into the market Yeah I bought in yesterday Same biotech you won And if my broker is listening I didn't even give Anthony a tip He came in with that tip on his own I love that one It's one of my favorites I made a lot of money on that before I lost it all So you're not day trading you have time to go through the papers To actually read It's amazing they put these letters together And they create words when you Put them all together And then sentences it's an amazing thing this reading Before you get into that do you want to get rid of your brother He's calling up Oh Joe's online? Yeah hold on He gets pissed when we don't go to him He'll start getting like air sick And start screaming and punching people Hey Joe what's up? I'm on the eBay thing I have no clue It's some guy from our old high school John H. Glenn It was probably somebody that Picked up a CD at a live show years back And now he wants to cash in on it Yeah he said I gave it to him Don't tell Nobody to bid on it for 30 bucks That's ridiculous you can get them for 11.99 On MP3 Oh there you go Go to MP3.com And type in Rockcut and there it is In fact all three albums are available MP3.com All three albums And most of the songs On those three albums are available for free Download Oh look at that Joe what do you do If you want to just hear Maybe Anthony and his brother Joe perform live Oh you go down to Sargent Pepper's Pub in East Norquist On Jericho Turnpike this coming Saturday night Yes are you showing up this weekend I can make an appearance Sure You've never seen the cover band though No I've seen you guys do the cover thing We do all kinds of covers from everything 60's 70's 80's I saw you guys do it at Watch Hill a few times We all get drunk we play music and we throw up At the end of the night And you can watch Cal Bell Bill Fall off his drum school Cal Bell Bill plays the drums My buddy Foot is a keyboard player I watch your show a lot It's everybody you know from the show Drop on down Sure drink some Jack Daniels Cool Joe And Budweiser That's MP3.com I recommend Primal Side That's my favorite rock guitar But Shanking in the Yard is pretty cool too Shanking Shanking in the Yard That's a little more like Kitty or Little Slipknot That was my crystal meth days Alright fellas Talk to you guys later Bye man Get him from my brother Back to the paper Anthony I'm pretty Pretty disgusted at this whole thing That pregnant nurse That the doctor that she was banging Got her pregnant And then sticks her with this abortion drug Yes So she aborts the Fetus So she's saying no She's going to try to have this kid Because I guess the married guy didn't want to ruin his marriage Have to pay out a portion Of his salary for child support So he figures I'll stick it with some needles She'll have an abortion And I'm through with it The guy's out of his mind, he's obviously out of his friggin mind I'm not siding with the guy on this so don't get me wrong But this woman Is a selfish slob Have The doctors terminate This pregnancy They're saying that with this drug And she got like five times the normal Dosage from this guy It causes some Radical birth defects You're supposed to take this one drug And then take another drug that aborts The fetus, this one just screws it up so much That the woman's like whoa Get this out of here This is a disaster I'm thinking of getting a baby With a head of friggin silkworm So the odds of her having a normal kid right now are very slim Slim to none It's slim that it'll even live but it might And you know My own opinion here I'm thinking maybe she might want to have this kid No matter what condition it's in So she can get the child support from this doctor Because he's making a bloody fortune I'm sure Right, right So I'm thinking you know if it's a head on a respirator With an arm sticking out where the neck is supposed to be I'm thinking maybe I love him Or her, whatever it is, I can't even tell But I swear 17% of this guy's income I think it's very selfish Of her And don't give me The god thing Because she says I'm leaving it up to god And she's religious and that's why she doesn't want to have the abortion She's so religious that One, she's already divorced And two, she's banging a married guy So I don't think the religious thing Really holds up too well I don't know, I think she's being selfish A head, there's going to be a head on a respirator A baby head How long is she right now? Two months They say it could take up to a month Before they even figure out if this thing is human anymore Oh my god Bring back the freak show You know what that thing's going to look like? It's called punk Worse than thalidomide When they had the kids come out with the flippers Remember that? You laughed, that was a tragedy man This is insane The flipper kids from Canada Did you ever see that documentary On TV about the flipper kids from Canada? The thalidomide babies? Thalidomide man They told all these ladies that the drug was Safe, right? Is that how it goes? Yeah, it used to be used to prevent miscarriages And stuff, you know, if a woman was at risk She'd lay on her back, they'd give her some thalidomide And the kid would shoot out with the fins Amazing They all had flipper Like a big sea lion So they got rid of that drug Lickety split And now they got some new fun drugs Man, she taught her just to have the abortion Greed I got a song queued up here, Anthony Oh really? Which one is this? You better just take a listen I can't be a dad You bitch I've been had Punch your stomach Trock wires, they got stuck Your c**t's is bleeding Hangers in your uterus Oh stop your crying I think I hooked the fetus Wanna kill the fetus Just once Can't get out of their c**t Please, DNC Suck out little toes and knees I'm not a kid Suck out little toes and knees Sack, sack, sack Can't hear the little moose crack Boos, can't juice Gonna pull it till it comes loose F**k your butt F**k your butt F**k your butt OP and Anthony, more stupidity is on the way 1027 WNEW I resemble that remark That's the OK terrific guy, Anthony OK terrific OK terrific OK terrific OK terrific That's right OK OK Coming Coming, virgin I guess Scott Muting commented About us playing his voice On our show, virgin today Yeah, he said bitch On his show today On his little show If another radio show wants to use that He can, or he can't, feel free Feel free, bitch Feel free, bitch Unfortunately, Scott, we can't record you On another station and use you here So we have to paw through years of tape And try to find more cuts of Scott Worse like a mark Is they found a tape of Scott Muting Remember the big blackout of 1977? 19 or 18 The blackout of 1877 The blackout of 77 Remember the city was in complete turmoil Yeah, it was just a little tight I guess they found audio of Scott Muting Broadcasting from the Empire State Building Yeah, Scott Yeah Is that true? Yes What was the tape saying? I don't know, Jimmy found it It was in the archives Yeah And It was in the archives And Remember the big blackout The big blackout of 1977 Yeah, you wouldn't remember that because You were living somewhere else I heard about it Anyhow, they had to, naturally the whole city was shut down I guess they had some backup The whole city was shut down, there was looting And rioting And raping going on That was before Julianne had everybody corralled in He'd have the cops out on the street Like in two seconds with automatic weapons That was an opportunity Is what that was The shopping spree of 77 Yes But the funny thing is I mean this place, I need a TV, give me a brick There you go Oh look at that, that's a nice thing in Macy's window I gotta grab that This place had its priorities All mixed up though Because people were looting and raping and shopping I have to get on the air So he went to the transmitter on the top of the Empire State Building Is that the truth? And wanted to tell everyone that the Rock and roll will continue playing on any W I'm just amazed, wait a minute If it was a blackout, the elevators didn't work You're telling me Scott's had walked up 86 flights of stairs? I don't know how they got him up there Come on They had King Kong carry him up To the transmitter Anyway, he's broadcasting from this room It just sounds like this big giant hall Really? And he's going, this is Scott so here And I wanted to remind everybody out there That we are still playing music Ah yeah, you still get the best Rock and roll Even when society as we know it Is crumbling outside Below me Even anarchy needs a soundtrack Want to thank Patrick Ewing For carrying me to the top of the Empire State Building Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Ha ha ha Oh Samuel Ha ha ha Ha ha ha I have only been in love after a long time Someone is coming I will tell you Her's a thing She's coming Give me port zas Bringing you the best in rock and roll Scott muni the soundtrack of disaster Outside we're gonna try to get to some pink Floyd Bullets just riddling my Two for Tuesday must go on They go find that here it is the Beatles Oh Bringing you bit of British biscuits. Whoa, that was a low one Blackout down on the streets. I mean that in more ways than one The racial joke by Scott's Oh Complete chaos, but we had our rock and roll back in 1977 lights are up from the top of the Scott muni building He thinks yeah, I gotta get to the Empire State Building people need their rock and roll It's two for Tuesday on N.A.W The Beatles Revolution N.A.W I Remember when This very studio and that one came through the window Oh I returned fire No one's taking scouts Yeah, it's gonna be alright if you listen to scouts on any double you Let me just pick up you off from high and top the Empire State Building let me get my high-powered rifle Look at that one with the TV Playing your best rock and roll music from the Beatles and picking off looters from high atop the Empire State Building Hey, Leroy Where rock lives and looters I Hold on I think we actually found the You got the real thing really We're going into the N.A.W. archives We like to do that from time to time here on the open Anthony show. So this is a actual tape of mr Muni broadcast in live from the top of the Empire State Building during the blackout, right? This is it Okay, 1977 77 let's take it back a few years it's coming. All right, here we go. Here comes coming They just threw the tad in Nice cat Stevens We're at our transmitter sites got me here at WNW FM in New York If you are just with us, you already know what's been going on for these low these many hours We're back on the air which is kind of nice although many parts of the city do not have power at the moment We are in a room that is one we're in accustomed to Equipment we're in a custom to enough that we will be doing music and we will be giving you information At this moment. There is the possibility that up until midnight Many parts of the city will not be back to normal There is a possibility we may not be with you either because they lose power again and we will disappear I have a small microphone here personal altering table Just a new setup where We are able to talk to you and tell you we are back on the air after many hours of absence Not due to anything else other than another historical event for New York City. That'll be written about and talked about and motion pictures made about albums and Be a song someone right now is writing a song or already has written it about 12 years after the first one here to 1977 the blackout of 77 which I was great All the records of the previous blackout And it is warm and we have music Wfm in New York if you would like I think it might be a nice idea to tell some of your friends Since we are sort of a family If you'll talk to your friends Telephones are working and say Any WFMs back on the air and we do intend to give you all sorts of news What is going on? What's going on? Why it happened and why? I Connect me to pay very 77 And you might lose power Pretty much the whole city didn't have electricity and Scamuni still had more of an audience than our old morning show Absolutely You say we got a revolution Fire trucks rolling past the back of studio here for any W Carnage in the streets look like a butcher truck overturned, but we're playing the Beatles We have to do what we have to do Hey, hey, hey drop drop that amplifier son. I have to transmit here Don't be trying to steal Scott's those equipment. I'll bust a cap in your ass That's saying is not gonna be hit for another 10 years It's gonna be alright Wow, yeah a little piece of history There's more priceless stuff on there. Oh, yeah, I'm lit New York is black, but I'm lit Mew That's the rumor yeah that they were trying to make champagne in one hand and a magnum pistol I'm ready for the blackout Hey, I can't see Earl there's no lights on Could you smile so I can see ya where's Earl? We must say though when we first got to any W Scott Muni was very very cool toss he was the only cool guy here one of the pretty much on the air Anyway, one of the few that were were cool tossing the manning Scott. So So this is a loving tribute to the man I Virgil John what's going on? On the top of the Empire State Building I'm gonna pee on people Oh my god I'm not letting you in Oh To produce a blackout and she ain't getting in Wow to 1 2 7 5 7 1 of 2 7 is our full Life Playing the rock rock and roll and kicking off looters at the same time the top of the Empire State Building Our facts line 2 on 2 9 5 7 9 6 3 9 Having a lot of fun today. Also, I think we're we're playing a lot of prank calls today, right? And as we go on a break, yeah, why not? We got to have a few we have another one from our CD the man in the world. Oh, which one is this? A lot of people don't know this one is ours and it's uh, it's been emailed all over the world at this point It is your pals. Opie and Anthony the famous hundred grand phone call. Yeah, I love this one This guy just gets friggin pissed. We were scared to leave the studio for like two months after this cuz uh This guy pretty much said he was gonna kill us Yeah, he did say that Anthony what happened was a new company bought our radio station at the time Yeah, and we decided to spend some of their their money Yeah, so we decided to give away a hundred grand hundred grand hundred grand. Mm-hmm Yes, this is Opie and Anthony people email us this bit and say dude You got a place on the air is so freakin funny. You can hear us though. It's our I know and I got email back You don't recognize the voice on this thing. All right, so we'll do this We'll take a break and more of your phone calls in just a bit 2 1 2 7 5 7 1 0 2 7 It's the hundred grand prank call. Check it out. All right Hey, it's Craig from Waltham. Hey Craig. Guess what? Seven calling congratulations You just won a hundred grand bro What are you gonna do with the first thing I have this all I cannot She's I gotta come down kind of yourself. I am the winner Well, what are you gonna do with a hundred grand? Oh man, I got this Truck, I've gotta get a new one a new truck. Oh that wait wait, dude How you gonna do that with the candy bar? What are you gonna do that with a candy bar? We just we just gave you a hundred grand candy bar. What do you what do you mean? We gave away a hundred grand No, it's a candy bar, bro. Congratulations You just want a candy bar Yeah, 100 grand we gave you a candy bar Congratulations buddy Congratulations, man Opie you come and Anthony your new name is dick Opie and Anthony what change you into such demonic little bastards one? Oh You want to 757 1027 is our phone line. Yeah, that's true it off today. Let's go to Tom Tom. What's going on? Yeah, you guys It's on First Avenue, Manhattan, and I'm the only one of my car. I'm laughing my ass off And I'm listening to this guy getting so excited. I'm going oh no, and then the big big loan is boy fight What what do you mean? You're lucky this guy don't go point-blank Gonna come after you guy me I swear we were scared up in Boston for like two months because this guy kept calling and I was gonna kill us. It was great. It was great. It was good work up there Hey, thank you Tom down Tom like in the hundred grand bid for Martin middle world CD Anthony. Yeah our old CD Yeah, remember that one when we used to be able to put out a CD No one has bought our eyes are a bunch of douchebags No one has bought our tomato world CD in New York because our record company blows I want that on my little sound thing what? Virgin you guys are a bunch of douchebags That's a good idea guys pretty good. Hey you want to do that right now We'll do it during the commercials. All right, it's uh the first track. Yeah, I Love sounds you need that you definitely need that on your little machine. There's a good one. Here they go on I'd like to mow my lawn How'd you like to mow my lawn? Be quiet, sir Virgin is he happy with her large boobs? This show is gonna be automated sir. Yeah, just have a monkey hit the buttons just play all the clips All right, I guess Bridget's here for her for her waxing Anthony Virgin yeah, she is a virgin Bridget is a virgin virgin Yeah, and she wants to get rid of some Some you know what down below there So we hooked her up with her first waxing never been found by man meat never Virgin and she wants to get waxed. Yeah, yeah Yeah, that's kind of like she wants to get the area ready. Yeah, but I mean no she wants to get it ready She said because when the nice weather comes around she'll be able to wear a bikini You know, she's gonna get used to being waxed and stuff But that's like that's like putting something in a showcase that you can't have you know what I mean? That's suck you pass by something. It's like oh look at that. That's great Oh, you can't have it and she's gonna have her taint wax Wow Yeah, yeah, why would you need your taint wax if you're just wearing bikinis? Yeah, I can't he covers the tank I haven't seen that bikini. Yeah, the reason you wax it is so you don't leave any abrasions on any tender places like That's right. Joey. What's going on? So they're setting up with Bridget in the other room. Yeah, Joey. What's up? Yeah, I wanted to tell you guys I ordered this TV from Amazon.com It's a better world sure 25 days have been waiting 25 days 25 days 25 days they said they shipped it. I emailed them they can't find it. They don't know what's going on They send me another one Well far record company or our old record company would get off their asses and put some of these CDs in the stores We could sell some I think it's gotta be good, you know now there's some great stuff on there We're very proud of that thing even though it's like two and a half years old now Yeah, I was in the bar that way you guys here on st. Patrick's day Yeah That's right Scott yeah, I had a great time over there cool. He's a great guy. All right, Joe. Thank you All right. Bye. Bye Yeah, you can't even we stopped talking about the meta world because you can't you just can't find it anywhere You're so hard to find Mike. What's up? Hey guys. Hey, I Thought you see the other film all along Yeah, a couple copies see freaking kicks ass. Thank you. Yeah, it's so much fun doing that We really were we're getting all psyched up to do another CD and we do when we put out these CDs We do a bunch of CD signings But they're not just like stupid signings like people do when they put out a book or a CD and it's just a bunch of People and we wave them by and sign. It's like one of our mini versions of one of our live shows Yeah, it turns into a huge party. You guys got to play green poopy man Yeah, green poopy good for everybody. Well, you've been a poopy green. Well, we are Yeah, we're playing Frank calls today. We could get to that one We'll do that my thanks. Okay. Thanks. That's the best man. All right, cool. Bye. Bye And one of the other things we want to do today Yeah, we call we collect a lot of crap for our radio show I mean a lot of crap we go through like four or five newspapers a day We read I don't know 10 to 12 magazines a week Except yesterday except for yesterday. Well, I was in a lot of pain yesterday I don't even remember doing the radio show yesterday You know we surf the web and print out stuff and a lot of this stuff never makes it on the air It's just a pile of crap. Yeah, but some of it is worth going through So I want to go through the crap file and get some of this on the air The crap file yeah, cuz look how big this is the crap is all stuff we were supposed to do on the radio all this Yeah Wow, it's a little of everything like there's a there's a wacky story that we found wacky I don't even know where we found this damn wacky horn, but let's get it out of the way So we could throw it in the garbage and move on It's a it's a story from the American Journal of Forensic Medicine and Pathology back in 1987 It's a story about a concrete enema Anthony. Oh, we should put this on the radio months ago, right? Let me read the story. Okay According to the journal a 20 year old man came into the emergency ward complaining of rectal pain Anthony how Seems he and his boyfriend had been fooling around four hours earlier. Hey And after stirring up a batch of concrete mix the patient laid on his back with his feet against the wall at a 45 degree angle While his boyfriend poured the mixture through a funnel into his balloon knot After the concrete mass hardened it became so painful that the dude sought medical care Under general anesthesia the one was dilated and and Some catheters were inserted alongside the rectal mass to relieve suction So They had to get this hard and mess out of there and yeah, okay Uh a happy bouncing baby chunk of concrete was delivered without incident The patient was kept overnight and discharged no pen and pun intended the next day the doc recommended a psychiatric consultation, but the patient declined and probably rushed back home to stuff a Wow a dog up his balloon up coming coming coming. So there you go a quick story from the American Journal of Forensic Medicine and Pathology from 1987 Anthony What the hell? Wow, why would you even do that? I don't know. I don't get it at all There's something with but it has to be real. It was in the American Journal of Forensic Medicine Yeah, of course I don't know. It is that yes as gay people Always trying to find a new new a gay sick Whether it's a little gerbil like that. They put up there and then and fires out of their butt Yeah, that old guy all the in in retrospect lighting the match wasn't a good idea We've all gotten that email. Yeah Yeah, we've seen that one and what's up with that? Everyone is gay these days. Yeah, everyone's gay everywhere Look, everyone's gay. Hey Is it hip to say you're gay these days And in the paper today Elizabeth Taylor is outing James Dean saying he was a pillow-biter Well, what what James Dean was one of her neighbors or something? He was one of her gay pals along with Rock Hudson and Henry Clifton all that stuff Rock Hudson and and Mark Hmm so now we're finding out James Dean was a Pickle smuggler a lot of people a lot of guys that go into the entertainment field Are into the arts they're into you know they started out in the schools in the plays and stuff and whatnot and I think gay people gravitate toward that thing more than straight people. You know what I mean? so it's it's uh, I Think it's safe to say that a lot more people in the entertainment field a lot more men in the entertainment field are gay than in the regular working world Yes, ouch ouch Let's go to Joe real fast Joe what's going on? Thank you, thank you brother LA Times 96 that's a fake story. That's what we're talking about Oh, no the felching incident so fake that is so fake Are you kidding me it starts out in retrospect lighting the match wasn't a good idea No, no, no, no, no, no, no, there's nothing to do with it. It wasn't about a gerbil Okay, it did happen. It did not happen The doctor he went to go take a look the man passed gas the thing shut out broke his nose All right, listen that that isn't even the right story. You are such a tool man. Joe Such a friggin tool that's an urban legend that stupid story He's like the guy the doctor went to look and he passed gas and shot the gerbil out It isn't even the fake story of how it happened Don't have any stupid DJs have read that story on the air claiming. It's a real story. It's true No, we've all gotten the email it starts off in retrospect lighting the mining the match. It wasn't a good idea It was a gay couple and they decided to put a gerbil where the Sun don't shine Yeah, next thing you know, they can't get the damn thing out So the one guy lights a match to see what he can find in there next thing You know the other guy, you know had some gas build up Yeah, the the match lit the gas gerbil comes flying out breaks the guy's nose And people send this thing all over the country saying I swear. It's a real story. Yeah, here it is In retrospect lighting the match was my mistake. Oh, it says it was my mistake Now it's the burn unit in the San Francisco City Hospital when I read it. It was something from the LA Times Yeah Let's see is any emergency room attempted to a retrieve a rat My son left the kid. Oh, this is a totally different one This is a one where it goes up the exhaust pipe of a motorcycle And it builds up and shoots the rodent out into the guy's face Come on, but it starts the same way same way. Yeah this one They were doing the gerbil thing and they were trying to get it out So one guy figured he would light a match To try to scare the gerbil out or show him where the light was at the end of the tunnel And it ignited a pocket of gas in the guy and shot the rodent out in flames right into the guy's face And uh, he suffered a broken nose and burns on his face. The other guys suffered rectal burns And uh, they try to present this like it's a real story Every time you read it, the city's a little different. Maybe the name's different. The newspaper's different And you mean to tell me at a it says and it says The newspaper's different a little different and you mean to tell me at a it says and at later at a press conference the doctor Press conference. Where is this press conference? I've never heard of a press conference about something like this in my life You show me the footage of the press conference And I don't care if 800 people come forward and say they know the guy they read the story. It's trope It is an urban legend did not happen fakie fakie fakie. Yes All right In retrospect indeed I want to play the uh marlon brando thing. It's real quick Speaking of gay guys it yeah How about You're gonna be banned from the show soon because you don't you don't add anything anymore So you got wow on tv great What's your next hit what a dick what's your next hit oh my god Follow-up hit instead of writing in the teeth instead of instead of writing obscure lines for anthony to read that of course He's not going to read In-house joe in-house joe great. We're trying to entertain a million people. Why don't and and and mark is trying to entertain too in the studio Wow Psycho mark's fame clock 14 58 14. Oh my god, oh b wow Ass Can't believe you He did he did cart up the jimmy superfly snooker though, and that is great Ouch Where do I have that on here yet? No, I still got the ouch. We got it. Where is it? I'm just joking go do your job Look, he's all bummed now Are you doing ouch I'm doing ouches ouch Okay All right, and as we go to break we got to play the marlon brando thing really fast It's a quick tiny little uh diddy here Yeah, because everyone's gay and we have marlon brando was gay Uh, we're finding out uh elizabeth taylor saying james dean is now was gay I guess Yeah, who else was in the paper today james dean gerbil without a cause River without a colon that's it. All right. This guy's got the story then we can play the bit I was trying to remember exactly what it was all about johnny. What's up? Hey, what's up, man? How are you good? I got a question. Yeah, you guys have a like woken penthouse And they had that picture of marlon brando with that like just a close-up with some junk in his mouth Blubbing the knob. Yeah, supposedly that that's a real picture that was circulating around hollywood for many many years penthouse finally got a Ahold of this picture about three or four years ago If you go into the back issues of penthouse, you can see it for yourself. They published it And I guess it's marlon brando. Like you just said with junk right right there Yeah, I remember seeing that when I was uh, like a teenager like flipping through and seeing that it totally crushed me You know even stranger is who's junk it is. You know, who's junk it is johnny Who's that another famous person in hollywood wall-e cox wall-e cox james dean at that? No, it was wall-e cox. They were roommates. Do you know who wall-e cox is? I have no clue who wall-e cox You might remember as uh, one of the contestants on hollywood squares, but but his favorite his famous role Underdog he was the voice of underdog Swear to god, man That's the picture of marlon brando, uh Sucking on underdogs, you know what? Oh bitchy Well, I got a clip of uh underdog and and the godfather going at it here, all right It's it's from the ona archives. It's a little old but we'll play this as we go into into break here. Okay Uh Hey, what's up? You guys did a bit a couple of weeks ago about wall-e cox and marlon brando I just wanted you guys to do that one again. That was so funny. You know the story, right? Oh, yeah, wall-e and marlon were roommates in the 50s or something and Somebody snapped a picture of marlon doing something that uh, the godfather shouldn't do exactly And by the way, that picture is in penthouse. Oh, yeah this month and wall-e cox was the voice of underdog. Oh, yeah Oh, you guys are great Underdog come here. I want to satisfy you here. Let me kneel down in front of you My old man at shoeshine boy here. Let me buff something for you You'll clean my shoes. I'll buff something for you when marlon kneels. I am not slow He opens his mouth and away I go I'll make you forget sweet poly pure bread Three three three Opie and anthony 1027 wnew It's the ona show two one two seven five seven one. Oh two seven kind of screwing off today having fun though. Yeah Getting a lot of things on the radio today if you got anything, uh, anything to add Give us a call Let's go margaret. Hi margaret. Hey, what's going on? How are you? Good. I got a funny story for you guys Okay, uh, i'm a hairdresser in a salon and one of my clients works for a local hospital. She works in the er room Women comes in and she starts complaining about abdominal pain So they put her on the table. They put her feet up in syrup when the doctor goes to take a look He pulls out a plastic banana Uh Banana banana fruit And this is a real story. This is a real story. My client works for a hospital. I live further out east on long island and uh She works the er room. She was right there when it happened I am When you want to try to take the banana out yourself? Yeah, well, I guess she must have pushed it too far up and couldn't get it back out Uh, that sounds a little suspicious sounds like another urban legend. Uh, no, come on guys. This is for real Oh sure it sure it is. They always say it's for real i'm telling you I know the person Well, actually, I don't know the person but my friend knows the person dude. I went to this wedding once man I was there and and like the best man like gives his toast and when he gets done the uh groom says, um, i'm i'm getting this marriage annulled And uh, everyone like gasps and he goes i'm not gonna say anything just everyone turn over your plates and they turned it over There was the bride, uh, uh given a hummer to uh, the best man and you were at that wedding dude I was there. It's not like a story or anything. I swear. I was there All right, margaret, I believe you dude dude my aunt She went down to guadalajara. Yeah, guadalajara. I know this one guy and Like she she found this uh dog chihuahua Yeah, a dog, you know, she thought it was chihuahua and stuff dog and she brought it back to the united states Yeah, yeah took care of it and stuff in her small new york apartment. Yeah, of course took care of it and stuff and uh, yeah, she had like a cat And uh the cat disappeared And then why the cat disappeared well, well the thing got sick, you know, uh, so uh, she took the dog to the vet Yeah, and the vet goes oh my god. Where'd you get this? She goes I found a cute chihuahua in In guadalajara, he goes no man. That's a giant sewer rat And there's like Cat teeth lodged in its throat and you knew this lady. Yeah, it's my aunt. That's your aunt swear to god I suppose you also know the person, uh That had that uh, uh surprise party story. Oh dude. I was there at the surprise party I didn't even know someone there i'm downstairs in the basement. We're all waiting for uh, You know this chick to come home a friend of my brother's uncle's cousin. Yeah, and uh, so we're all downstairs waiting Uh with the lights out and we didn't know she comes home And uh, she totally gets undressed and uh spreads peanut butter in the most intimate of areas And uh, she goes downstairs to uh, let the uh dog uh consume it Yeah, and uh when she walks downstairs with the dog and the peanut butter smeared on there we flip the lights on and go surprise Or something like that close enough They're all fake stories man, did you know the poor guy in the in the scuba gear that died in the middle of the woods? Oh, dude, don't even make fun of that. What you knew that guy. That's my brother-in-law man. Yeah, he was Yeah, it really happened. So why was he wearing like scuba gear in the middle of the woods? Yeah, they found him in the middle of uh the woods With uh scuba gear on yeah, why though? I mean the nearest water was miles away Well, there was a forest fire going on Yeah And you know how they get the helicopters in there and grab a bunch of water from the ocean and bring it and drop it On the uh, the fire. Yeah, they grabbed the ocean water and he was uh scuba diving in the water that they grabbed And then they dropped them on the on on the in the woods on the fire Okay Mike what's up Hey about 25 years ago. Yeah, that's the other one about 25 years ago I was dating a nurse from a monody hospital emergency room. Uh, when I picked her up from work one night She tells me a story about a gay guy that comes in with a light bulb shoved up his butt Hmm The funny part was how they had to get it out. Hey, they had to cut the threads off the bulb And melt wax they had to turn the guy upside down Melt wax into the bulb so they could take it out in one piece or it wouldn't shatter. That can't be true That's a god's honest truth because I was dating her. She came out of work that night. Who would take that chance? Let's let's say you're gay and you want stuff up here. You know what? Why would you take a chance of putting a light bulb up there? I guess they like it. Come on. It's a god's honest truth. She was freaked out. All right, mike. Thank you Okay guys, you all it's true man. I swear it happened She told me 25 years ago dave. What's up? Yo guys. Hey All these stories, right? Yeah, some of them are true. Some of them are a good way to find out On um, if you go on the internet you go to darwin awards.com The famous darwin awards Know how many times were sent that in the back office? Yeah, you get that you also get rotten.com. Yeah same ones We got a ton of those things there one that um, the one that's um, the grossest one of those urban legends is uh, the lesbian with uh The uh lobster tail. Oh, yeah. Yeah, and then all of a sudden the eggs hatched Oh that thing is disgusting some dj got thrown off the air for uh reciting that story No, it's stupid know how many of you guys sent that to us saying man, it's a real story You got to put this on the air. It's unbelievable. She was having even on that website They say you know, uh, we don't think this is too true Now how many djs have read that on the air is a real story how she was having sex with a lobster and then the lobster Had what a little baby egg? Yeah They reproduce at an alarming rate and all of a sudden, uh, they found her dead and Then they went to do the autopsy on her and cut her open all these little baby. Uh, it didn't even go that um, Whatever. She was just in a toilet or whatever like that Whatever fell down hit her head our old morning show read that as a real story get out of here Now, please steve mason read that as an old story. I mean as a real story Oh my god, that's good journalism. Yeah, dude. I swear it was true. All right, dave. Thank you guys Thanks a lot. You guys rule. All right, you know what happened to this guy I worked with he picked up this chick one night at a bar and uh You know they were drinking and stuff And uh, he thought he was gonna get lucky, you know, and before you know it he he passes out When he wakes up, he's in the bathtub with like some ice. Yeah, and a note that says get to the hospital right away and uh He he feels like a tremendous pain in his lower back So, uh, he gets to the hospital right away and the doctor goes oh my god What happened to he goes? I don't know. He tells him the story he goes and I got it. I came here He goes well, um, you've had a kidney removed And this woman was just like a plant To get these guys to go to the room. They she she drugged the drink they pass out Yeah, and then the black market takes their kidneys and sells them people that need the kidneys dude swear happen. No guy worked with And people will tell you these things straight face that they know the guy or know somebody that knows the guy john what's going on Yeah, I got pictures to verify this so Sure, but just the truth a buddy went to australia with his girlfriend They were driving down a long road hit a kangaroo Kangaroo flew off to the side of the road. They got out to check it out They thought it was dead He crops the freaking thing up Puts his jack no bsu You hit the button too. Oh, yeah We just lost your story because you're cursed man, but I guess the kangaroo uh, i'll get ran away with The jacket on or something. Oh, you don't think that's funny I think it's true. All right. We'll send in the pictures to prove it. I will i'll send it to you. All right, man Thanks. All right. Bye Roy, what's going on? Hey, how you doing? O and a good Oh, let me tell you something. Uh about 10 years ago 12 years ago. We used to have to go for this I'm a new york city cop. Okay, we had to go for some sensitivity training sensitivity to the gay community So We're in this class. They start telling us these are the things you might end up rolling up against This is a doctor giving the course now things we're sitting there These are things you might end up finding in people that if you you know in the gay community One of the things we said that they said that they've pulled out they had a list of over 100 things they pulled out One of them was a vase An umbrella Um a coffee can light bulbs, obviously Personally i've seen my own Uh, not my own I've seen an x-ray of someone with um a dildo Secreted up there. Yeah, we've seen a bunch of those. Yeah, those are those are floating around but like it's like you'd be amazed at what they could do Or that baloney. I don't know. You're laughing. No, who the hell would uh That's put things like a coffee can What we had to look at a coffee can it was because we were amazed to even hear something like that Like what was it like a like a five pound thing a choc for a nut or what? They just said it was labeled a coffee can now do you work your way up to the coffee can or you or do you just go? For it. I mean what go for the coffee can man a little lame old nitrate you could fit a 55 gallon drum up there What's the thought process? Hmm Let's go right to the coffee can All right roy, thank you. Hey, take care guys. Bye. All I know If i'm taking a dump and anything bigger than a bratwurst is uh moving Please it's like Yeah, exactly It's like ouch Ouch All right, can't find it can't find out so i don't know where it is. All right anthony Well, this just in on the instant feedback stone c from jersey rights Here's an urban legend two radio guys who were really funny never got syndicated because they couldn't go more than two days Without pissing off their tight ass bosses. Yeah, I swear it's true I know the guys. I know the guy I used to listen to them before they got the boot. Yeah All right, ouch, there's the ouch ouch Jimmy superfly snooker from yesterday All right, and we gotta take another break Featuring lots of uh prank calls today a lot of ours. Yeah, and a few that aren't ours Hey, they're funny though. Uh, we broke out the touch tone. Uh terrorist, uh cd We play this stuff in the past haven't played in a while I love this one. This one's uh, one of my faves. Yeah, the old guy that uh walked too far He walked too far check this out. We'll be back Good afternoon. This is may I help you? Hello. Hello. I walked a little too far You did can somebody come and get me who is this? This is louis And where are you i'm at the nightclub At the nightclub. Yes Which nightclub? It's called live nude girls. Oh it is Well, that is a strange place for you to be. Why don't you get to have fun once in a while? Can you keep supper warm? I don't know I think we can I think we'll put some food away for you help to leave some dinner for me Where do you live? They need to get back to the return. Why don't you talk to them? Jen? Hold on Hello, sir Hello, hello Yeah Who is this? Did willy the janitor did this old man from your retirement homies over here at the end of nude nightclub with his strippers? You know the oldest customer we ever had In a nude nightclub Where about sir are you located? We're right on 12th street 95 25 12 but that that the problem he's been drinking and he got the uh, uh, what you call Colostom and vagin and leaking and dripping all over and it's nasty. I don't want to clean this up Well, you know, I think you've got this is the Retirement home. Yeah, the old man he need to get back to your retirement home But I don't think he belongs to us he's been here drinking since two o'clock in the afternoon and he's spent all his money You know the women they get up on stage for dances and he live on the dollar. He spent all his money Well, where are you located? 12th street, yeah Yeah And what is his name? He said his name is louis pellegrini Pellegrini yeah, he's been here a long time and he's been drinking and his colostomy back is full. Yeah He need your your nurses over there to come and pick him up, sir We don't have any resident by the name of pellegrini. Yeah pellegrini He need you guys to come out here pick him up, but we're not the people He's got the wrong number. Yeah, I'll let you talk to him You then you guys can arrange to come out here and pick him up. Yeah, they they you talk to him don't Get on this Oh, thank you. Hello Hello. Yes Miss you. Mr. Pellegrini. Yes, come on and pick me up. Where do you live? Mr Pellegrini, I need to get back and where where where do you Listen to me supper warm listen Listen to me. Keep supper warm. Where do you live? I need to get back. It's getting dark Where do you live? What's the name of it? Oh, I can't quite remember Well, it's not the Yes, come by and send tell rose to keep supper warm I certainly will but I I gotta go the girls are dancing Okay. Have a good time. Bye. Bye One opi and 1027 wnew And get it out of your system They talked they talked to you to do with some tags for commercials. Well opi refused to do them. I guess He you couldn't get out of your chair with your injured back. So I took one for the team went back into a speckle marks dungeon of doom And And I did the tag i'm waiting to walk in there someday and just see some Shit compelled on a pole, you know with him cutting pieces off of us psycho mark is the american psycho. Yeah Yeah, so I went in there and I did the uh the tags Well, I don't care about that. I'm just wondering if there's any outtakes because i'm sure that didn't take you one time Oh, it was one take on all of them. Oh, yeah one take especially the excel windshield wiper ones Psycho mark will get you back. Do you have outtakes of answering those tags? You got good Yeah, three hours I was gonna save them though for like a rainy day. It's a rainy day today. Can't you tell? We're just kind of fooling around today. We could use it. All right, give me a little while I'll take a while because they're a time you really f'd up how many curses well, there was that was it wasn't so much the cursing It was just him. He couldn't get the freaking goddamn words down. Now you got okay be fair There were four tags. I'm laughing had to be done But three of them or two of them at least I got through with minimal effort Uh, one of them with okay a little more than minimal and one was just brutal the one with the windshield wipers That was where is that? Uh, when we go get the tag and you can yeah, yeah, you have just the tag with the one I finally got Because it's a pain in the ass It's like the windshield it was a tongue twister. You don't have to explain it to me. I'm just as bad as you I know that's why I just refuse to go in there anymore. That's why I think you pass them off Because now you don't want opi outtakes. It's all anthony out there because that's what's going on around here You know, and then I start everyone everyone is taping everyone else around here lately. Earl's taping psycho mark. There are no tags Spaz is taping psycho mark psycho marks taping anthony psycho marks taping me Yeah, it's dangerous to just party dangerous around here haven't you heard of wire tapping Here's the tag that I had problems with. Okay. Um, here it is See your way clear with bosh micro edgy See your way clear with bosh micro edgy excel wiper blades micro edge excel wiper blades Right now it's strows bosh struts bluffs. That's what I was doing Oh How long will it take you to get this on uh on tape Do b do tag b I can't do this. Just do it. All right, do tag b It's a freaking tongue twist and knowing you you read it and knowing you you read it cold because we all read them cold Dude, you had to and we had to fit it in nine seconds, right? All right, uh see your way clear with bosh micro edge excel wiper blades right now It's strows bosh micro edge wiper blades are priced from only 9.99 each save on bosh wiper blades at stross strouse Discount auto almost made it how long how many seconds nine seconds nine seconds All right, put me on the clock put me on the clock in like nine seconds. Just give me the big Okay, tell me when to go tell me no I can't look at the clock and do the same thing here and you'd be the clock man This is the crap we have to do though. They say you have to do it in what nine seconds nine seconds Yeah, all right. All right. Just go in my ear when i've run out of time go Tell me when oh, do you start? All right See your way clear with bosh micro edge excel wiper blades right now It's strouse bosh micro edge wiper blades are priced from only 9.99 each save on bosh wiper blades at strouse discount auto See that you wouldn't be good You got to sound smooth. All right, you were within time, but all right, let me try again That's a little smoother here ready This is what we do all day long before the show it's so pathetic People think we're like professional radio broadcasters. We're proud to say we're not All right See your way clear with bosh micro edge excel What what it is a tongue twister, all right, because then you panic because you're like, oh my god I know that's what it is nine seconds. I can say this. You don't gotta tell me all right See your way clear with bosh micro edge excel wiper blades right now It's strouse bosh micro edge wiper blades are priced from only 9.99 each save on bosh wiper blades at strouse discount auto Yeah, but it's i'm it's still rough it doesn't sound like matt devotee or any of the other like smooth radio guys All right, you gotta give it one of the other ones give it no do that one. Yeah. Yeah Okay, ready? Yeah, i'm gonna i'm gonna buzz in your ear when you're near past nine seconds Okay, go see your way clear with bosh micro edge excel wiper blades right now at strouse bosh micro edge wiper blades are I can't do this. See your way clear with bosh micro edge excel wiper blades right now at strouse bosh micro edge excel wiper blades It's hard to say I know card card it up I want to hear the outtakes because that could be really funny today this week at strouse discount auto get four 35,000 mile Cold read on the uh on b listen to matt devotee. He's doing b. He's the one that has the voice Hey case in case i'm checking in. I feel your pain anthony anthony ponderous man Ponderous is don on the phone where the hell are the pictures? I was supposed to say i'm matt devotee a Professional broadcaster he does this for a living tags aside. All right, ready? See your way clear with bosh micro edge excel wiper blades right now at strouse bosh micro edge wiper blades are right From only 9.99 each save on bosh wiper blades at strouse discount auto man. That's a mouthful It's the bosh micro edge excel wiper blade The trick is you have to know what you're talking about. Yeah, you know what I mean? Well, you read it over a couple of times It's not written right it really is it how about just wiper blade Excel wiper blades right now at strouse bosh micro edge. Oh my god. Hey, hey, see, yeah Oh comma see there's a comma missing. That's fine right now at strouse bosh micro edge wiper blades. That's a mess We need the outtakes. Yeah, we'll get them on the radio in a minute here A clear with bosh micro edge excel wiper blades right now at strouse bosh micro edge excel wiper blades are priced at only 9.99 each save on bosh wiper blades at strouse discount auto and they're getting some free rest they're getting ponderous They're getting some free reads today larry. What's going on? I'm on my way to stress right now. Yeah My five wiper blades here's another really true story guys You ever hear about the one with the honeymoon couple they go to jamaica for the honeymoon the toothbrush up the butt Oh with the camera got stolen everything gets stolen except for the film and they get back from vacation They can film the film and there's the guy's picture who took their stuff and they're taking the uh toothbrush and the third input Yeah, I know. Yeah, that's an urban fake fake. I know it's really true. It's my I think it was anthony's brother. What's up? Yeah, all right larry. Thank you. Have a good day guys. Yeah, we're done with the urban legend crap No more urban legend crap One that you hear the one about that that guy psycho mark. He's walking down the street. Manhattan got beaten to death Oh wait a minute. That hasn't happened yet. It will it will All right, moving on to other things. Yeah, if you're calling about the urban legend stuff you can hang up It's not worth doing Hey, what's going on with bridget's uh waxing? Uh, just waiting for the uh the wax lady. Yeah, what the hell we're waiting for the wax lady Bridget's uh sitting outside the studio all cute and innocent shy Yeah, she's sitting out there virgin meat outside the studio Virgin that's right scotsman. All right, and we're going through the crap that has piled up over the last few months for the opiate anthony show We're always clipping out articles and stuff From magazines and newspapers and from the internet. It's a lot of things we just Haven't gotten to So we're trying to like, uh, you know go through this so so the folder is more manageable. Yes This is something we should have talked about a while ago though. What story is this? Uh, there's a company There's a couple companies actually That give uh cheating spouses perfect alibis. Yeah, I heard about this. This is an amazing idea A lot of people listening to our voices right now that they cheat. Yeah, they cheat and they don't want to get caught Mm-hmm. Well, there's uh a couple companies overseas that uh, take care of that problem for you Let me read on here Uh, the company specialized in providing tailor-made alibis for straying spouses and they're planning to open u.s Uh franchises anthony now, how does this work? Uh, well the two services cover all aspects of the portrayal business They will send out invitations to phony corporate conferences. Yeah confirm bogus doctor appointments And pretend to be hotel phone operators and golf tournament receptionist if suspicious spouses call to check up on their mates Wow, is that amazing or what? How about that you go off to a hotel? Get to get some banging going on. Okay, you have this company call your house make them believe it's a doctor's appointment Right and they even call your house confirming the doctor confirming your appointment wednesday at noon Instead of being in the doctor's office, you're in some cheap hotel somewhere banging away, right? This company will do all this for you Uh, they even take care of payments for hotels meals or gifts Then bill your credit card for car repair car repairs and computer software So you're out doing the the the hotel. Well, that's how they uh, most guys get caught Is the paper trail the paper trail? Yeah, well they take care of this So, uh hotels won't show up on your credit card. No something else does uh, yeah like car repairs and computer software bills Uh Jesus and then this company goes on to say this is crazy. Uh, most sexual affairs are in consta Uh, here comes the boy All right, there's one give it another try inconsequential. I got it. I got it Most sexual affairs are inconsec most sexual affairs are in inconsec micro edge wiper Right To your long-term relationship the pitch concludes our aim is to provide total peace of mind to you and your family It's you and your family right because you you don't want to leave your wife or your or your husband or whatever And you're going to cheat anyway So why give them the undue burden of that sorrow and heartbreak? So you go you go do your thing and the company covers your trail for you. That's cool Uh, and not all uh, all the ruses hide affairs by the way with this company What else we had a guy who likes to go bowling everyone's denied from six to nine But his wife didn't like that john watson the president of ace alibi agency So we enrolled him in a fictious night school computer class instead Nice. I want to I want to kill girl scouts. Can you give me an olive on it? That seems a little uh Little much if you're going to be doing that. I mean, it's an interesting uh idea take care of your own Your own stuff Uh, this guy who started the company wrestled briefly with the moral implications of what he was doing but decided to go ahead with it Anyway, I think the vast majority of marriages break down over one crazy night and you know, it's sort of what you don't know won't hurt you Oh my god One crazy night one crazy night if you're going to go through the time and expense to get a service To give you alibis. It's not just for one night. It's not one crazy night. You're setting up a whole other life Right. Jesus christ. You're like married in wisconsin. Yeah Find out wait a minute. Uh, mr. Smith. We already Have your wife on record here. She's using our service The services offered by these companies are similar ranging in price from about 25 dollars for a simple phone confirmation Of say a dental appointment all the way up to eight thousand dollars to cover your tracks anthony eight grand That's probably something really big Eight grand like yeah, well, that's like the fake, you know credit card bill And you know you have people calling your house confirming, you know fake doctor's appointments somehow They can cover it up if your wife walks in on you banging your chick That's the eight grand one. Well, no we could take care of right miss. It wasn't him. No, no So our company has an imposter of your husband These companies are going to be setting up shop in the states in the very near future Nice that was in the new york post a few months back a story We never got to as we go through the crap here today. You should have gotten to that one. It could have saved me some trouble Oh, bro, let's go to the phone sandy. What's going on? Hey, how you guys doing doing? All right So you guys have been talking about email sex a lot lately i've noticed really it just comes up from time to time Well, it came up yesterday because we were talking to that fine, uh, Young lady who has a little problem. She needs what some pre-cancer cells removed from her cervix Yeah, and she's going to have her cervix, uh freeze-dried. Yeah, I caught I caught the end of that But so the front door is going to be out of commission for a while She called us and said hey, I really want to give up the back door, but uh, I don't know what to do I don't know how how to go about it. She said it hurts. Yeah Well, I gave it up last night for the first time you gave up you gave up the back door for the first time last night Yeah How i was inspired by her show you were inspired by her show. Yeah And and how did it go for you last night? You know, I was a little scared at first Yeah, but um my boyfriend were really easy on me And I think I found a new favorite thing. Excuse me while I whip this out No, you guys are laughing at me cut it out no, we're not laughing at you Really? It's not all about you so, uh How did he do it? How did he go about it? Well, you know, I don't I don't want to you got talking code Yeah, no details. Just uh, what did you use? Natural lubrication. Wow. How about that? natural lube and uh Slow and steady wins the race slow and steady. He's you know, worked it out a little bit with His hand. Yeah, can I say that? I can say that so our hands are good. Yeah, and then you know He worked That was and that was the first time huh? Very first time. Yeah, and you liked it. I did I don't understand why people were so wow. Look at that. She likes it another one introduced to the world You know scared about it. It was great and this is something you'll try again in the future Damn sure. She's doing it right now. Okay. She loves it so much. She can't stop She's sitting on the banister and just yeah, that's it and just because of us you gave up the back door Yeah, I do it was definitely because of you guys I wouldn't have done it without you guys. I was thinking about you the whole time was the act you were thinking about us as you were Getting it. All right. Oh see. Hey was the act completely finished? Completely finished. Wow. How about that? How about that? We were laying in a kiddie pool by the time we were done. Oh really? How about that? How about that? That's a little twisted that you were thinking of us while you were getting uh, Well, you guys that inspired me to do it in the first place Well, we like when uh your ladies share with us that's very nice. Yeah. All right. Thank you sand. All right. Bye Oh, you're very naughty Yes, yes, she is dr. Zachary smith That's weird wow, she liked it. I mean we were talking about that yesterday, but you know the discussion we had yesterday I can't imagine anyone went. Yeah. I'm going for it tonight. Yeah That was a very disturbing phone call. We took yesterday with the frozen cervix and stuff All right, our phone line is two one two seven five seven one oh two seven Yeah Our fax line two one two nine five seven nine six three nine. Can we give away these uh boxing tickets? This is a huge deal man. I want to thank the garden for for waking up and realizing we have listeners on our radio show Yeah, a lot of people in this town starting to wake up and realize we have uh listeners I'm talking about record companies and concert halls. They're finally giving us stuff to give away and we thank you We thank you all Yes, and right now we're giving away bosh microwave wiper blades Yeah Psychomar you got that yet Oh really I was cursing a little bit All right We're gonna I was cursing at one point at mark because I was laughing so hard i'd start doing it And and I'd hear him just going like And I'd look over and he's trying not to let me onto the fact that he's laughing But his head is turned toward the computer screen and he's just shaking like he's laughing so I start laughing and I'm like I got it We literally have seven minutes. Oh my god. Well get some of that ready about for after break Okay, we're gonna have more anthony outtakes great very soon. But uh, yeah, we have a pair of tickets to the lewis grand fight that's happening at the garden April 29th. It's for the heavyweight heavyweight championship of the world For tickets call two one two three. Oh seven seven one seven one But if you're the tenth caller right now at two one two seven five seven one oh two seven You get a pair of tickets to the fight. Ouch lennox lewis Michael grant, okay. Ouch Right, and then as we go to break we're playing a lot of uh prank calls today We're just I don't know why but we've decided we're playing a couple an hour here. We opened up the the uh prank Fold call uh closet. Yeah, if you will and uh, we had a few requests for this one. It's called uh, it's called green poop Oh, yeah from demand world our little cd that came out a few years ago Hello, hi, this is harry. I was in your restaurant the other day. I got some takeout Yes, and ever since i've been pooping green what i've been pooping green you can pooping green green poopies Yes, lots and lots of green poopies and I went to a doctor and he told me to go back 48 hours To see what I ate and the only thing I could think of is the takeout from your restaurant Uh, when when when is that? I got takeout sunday afternoon Sunday afternoon and ever since i've been pooping green. What what did you order sir? Uh beef and broccoli beef and broccoli And i've been pooping green ever since have you ever dry heat from your butt before no Oh my god after all the green poopie left that I was still getting the squirts, but nothing was coming out Oh, I think after all these uh, all these couple days you are the only one comparing up Let me know about this thing. Well the doctor suggests that I come down with some of the green poopie and maybe you could identify it We could throw it in the strainer and maybe if you could identify the broccoli things will be okay It's okay if you can come down with it. Have you ever pooped green? No, it's not fun. Let me tell you Yeah, I know something like that. It should be uh, uh, pretty pretty bad too, you know Well, I got green racing stripes in my underwear. Jesus christ Are you laughing at me sir? No, i'm not i'm just i i i i i i'm just uh, you know Oh, i'm turning into a play-doh fun factory. Jesus christ lots and lots of green poopies Jesus christ, what what what is your seat? Wait a minute. I'm gonna be dry even for my butt again. Listen to this Oh See nothing comes out Yeah, but why don't you go back to the to the doctor again? See what the doctor can uh can identify with uh, what what is it because we we we're not in the medical staff We cannot identify anything about those. You've never heard of green poopies before. No never This is the first case I can hear it about it Yeah, would you like to hear another dry heat from the bar? I think it should be good enough Uh, well, let me do one more i'm in the bathroom with the cell phone Oh, did you hear that yes I heard you Oh Wow, this is exhilarating The four morons of the apocalypse Anthony stacker two the world's strongest, uh fat burner. Yes, our buddies at stacker two have a new offer by the way new They are so confident that confident that you'll love the product and lose the weight that they will send you a free trial size With each order you can't beat this Stacker two the world's strongest fat burner has helped thousands of people lose weight build lean muscle and get into shape You'll feel the effects of just one stacker two fat burning capsule with four within 45 minutes or uh your money back, anthony Uh eat what you want and still lose weight no more midday craving stacker two takes care of that too, right ant? Yes, that's right. If you want to try it out for yourself, they have a website WWW.Stacker2.com or give them a call at 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E Don't be the one always wishing you were thin be a loser before the summer be a loser before the summer I'll be a loser of weight. I guess before the summer Stop eating and get the body you always wanted start now and you'll have it by the spring with stacker two the world's strongest fat burner Stacker two the world's strongest fat burner thousands have proven it works. Give them a call 1-800-LIGHTLINE Use your tongue prettier than a twenty dollar whore You asked 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E for stacker two Opie you're a sick ass man, anthony. You're not a jackass. You're obviously a stud. The Opie and anthony show It makes me sick 1027 w-n-e-w. Oh, yeah Our phone number two one two seven five seven one oh two seven we have a first-time listener check it in anthony Maria hi Hi, look it Yes last week. Oh, I've been trying to get through but I haven't Um My mouth So what i'm getting So what i'm getting out of this phone call is um, uh, we made you laugh I think And then that guy kept going um Laughing like So I have never never ever listened for a radio show before But I I was like less I guess to listen to this thing but I haven't turned it off My mom's me come on And i'm just bussing out laughing right now I can't stop Shut up, so I just it took me a long time to get through but i'm glad I got through I adore your show That's all you wanted to say today is that done are you done no no I can go on forever but I bet what were you listening to before our show? No, was it? I have just just Oh Wow, oh my god, hey ken what's going on? Hey, what's up? How are you? I think I was I just listening to channel 41 The spanish station or what? Hey, we have a lot of minorities listening to us these days. Well, my name is whatever the minority She's definitely oh my god. She's definitely a A stereotype harry sack on the instant feedback train. Where's the effing train? You should have had like roosters or chickens in the background when she was talking. No, she was cool Yeah, we need all our listeners. So there you go. Okay. Take it easy. Bye. All right. Bye Oh i'm dizzy Is cycle mark ready with the anthony outtakes hopefully I I guess he's really having a tough time with the cursing. I didn't think I cursed that much but uh, oh and You like to curse when you get pissed off. So Oh my god, look at this compared to anthony's reading spaz looks brilliant. I'm gonna enroll in iona Come on, you know, he understands. I I know he he Knows what these things are like sometimes. It's like a tongue twister. Yeah, it's not easy And we we haven't done A lot of commercial spots here. We used to do a hell of a lot in boston But down here we kind of run away when they approach us with these things But then marx will you know? Well, come on, you got to do these tags Well, we we beg you to do them because because we get some good radio out of it Yeah, I guess that's what it is. No, i'm serious anymore You got it. You got to I get very worked up because I get frustrated with myself that I can't say some of these words in The uh order that they're presented Micro edge, wipe your plate. Hey, when is spaz coming back tomorrow? I can't wait Because i'm we're just stalling right now because we're trying to get some uh, you know call screen and uh Stinky is just having a tough time today. Oh spaz. Uh, It's like a monkey, you know, we sent the monkey into space because he really didn't he only knew how to do one thing Monkey, he was up there how to do one thing push one button or something but uh Yeah spaz is like that. He's good at screening calls It's like rain man one thing he's the best at it gets ugly but we're just gonna have to go to the phones This is always bad. Uh, hi wnyw How you doing? Uh good. Who's this? Oogie oogie oogie. What do you got for the show? Oogie? I just wanted to tell you to stop letting rosie perez through the line Oh, yeah, it did sound like rosie perez You're like what you doing? I'm busting out laughing She was a lot of fun. Oh, yeah loads. I'm a new fan of the show. All right, oogie. Thanks. Thank you I'll prove you how I'll prove to you how important spaz is to the radio show. All right. Hi wnyw. Who's this? Oh, this is scott. What's up? Hey, uh, what do you want to talk to the guys about? Oh, I just want to talk about um, I got a phone call like uh, like a prank phone call Uh, and um, you think the guys would be interested in this? Yeah, I think so. It's kind of funny Yeah, what what's the prank call about? Well, um, you call up one person, right? Yeah, and you talk to me And you talk to me then you put them on hold. Yeah, and then you talk to another person, you know And you put them together on like a conference call. Yeah, so they both think you know That uh, they called each other right? Yeah So I don't know you could talk to them Who's calling who? You know, all right. I'll uh, I'll pass it along to the guys. All right, what do you want to tell them yourself? Um, Uh, you could tell them for me man. No, you sound pretty good for the radio. Hold on. I'll let you talk to the guy All right Turn down your radio. It should be about five seconds. They're finishing up with a call right now. Oh, hold on a second Any w hello Hello Hey, where'd he where'd you go? Hello. Hello. Any w dude I knew it wasn't you guys. I can't believe it Well, uh, how you doing? Okay, terrific All right. I love your show man. All right. Bye. Thank you. This is why we need spas to get back immediately Hi w any w how you doing? I got uh, I want to speak openly. Anthony I got some comments about spas and the old dirty thing they were doing last week Spas and old dirty you want to talk about on the show today? Yeah Don't worry. It won't be boring air like the guy they got on now. Yeah, that guy sucks I shouldn't put him on the radio. No, that's why he's talking about you stekey Do yourself a favor you put me on then they'll love you. All right, turn down the radio. I'll put your radio down All right, hold on Uh Any w hello, what's my secret opi a l b and anthony? What's up, man? How you doing? I uh, you made it through our screener We're trying to find a replacement for Old dirty. I also sent you his good feedback Uh, what's going on with this guy spats? He's really he's a pain in the ass He's really destroying uh your radio show It is That's the stuff spaz has to deal with every single day That's why we need people to screen the calls and spaz is the best believe it or not We trash them we make fun of them you guys abuse them But he helps the radio show in ways you can only imagine. Uh, maria's calling back. She's pissed. Uh, uh maria What's up? We didn't want to piss off a first-time listener. I'm not pissed. I'll be like They're calling me rosy breath. I am not no damn rosy pervets Because I am 510 150 pounds Long hair totally gorgeous Don't make fun of me totally gorgeous, huh? Only You want to turn that radio down? I did It's still in the background. We heard it. Oh, look it I had it. Yeah, sure. You know, I got those little stupid accents I had it down when you guys had me on the put me on the air. Yeah, that was me You should have told me Remember that stupid guy call me rosy perv i'm not a rosy perv. Well terrific. I just have a little weird accent I'm actually from i can't help it All right. So, uh, you don't sound like rosy press It's okay. I Could be a little compliment getting a little compliment All right. Well, thank you maria Hey, bye. Bye. Oh my god. Okay. There it was A little example of what spaz deals with every day. So when he comes back tomorrow you guys be real nice to him I'm telling you God, that's awful. All right. Where are the bloopers the anthony bloopers? Are they just about done? I think he did come in with it. All right, we'll take a break. We got anthony bloopers next day right where you are Ob and anthony 1027 WNEW I'm all for violence sometimes Hey you guys in a bunch of push god, I want to punch you in the face That'll leave a bruise 1027 wnew It's the o and h show We have some anthony outtakes. We're gonna get to in just a second here Great. Looks like we might have a couple good stories on the phone line We must be crazy to go back to the phones, but we'll try here Let's start with kelly. Hi kelly. What's up? Hi, I got a great story for you guys a great story Everybody's talking about anal sex right how great it is. Uh, well a few ladies out there enjoy it All right. Well one night my husband and I were alone and uh We had just started trying anal sex and it felt good anyway, we were getting hot and heavy and Next thing I know I heard a pop you heard a pow I heard a pound It was really wild. I heard a pop and next thing I know hold on hold on. Hold on. I gotta slow you down I want this on the radio. So so you were having the anal sex and then you heard a pop Yeah, don't don't you all right? We won't use your real name. What are you stupid? We're live on the way. Wait, wait, wait Oh my god There was a pop and then blood. Okay pop then blood and uh, what's going on? So I just grabbed something. I put it between my legs and I just called my husband he came to me and Next thing I know I was almost passing out Puts me in the car drives me like 90 miles over to the hospital 90 miles now over to the hospital um We got to the hospital The nurses can't believe it. We're trying to make up a story So that nobody knows because we're all embarrassed. Of course So we're trying to make up a story and my husband's freaking out and you didn't know what you told the nurses Uh, you decided to make up a story. What was the story? first we made up the story that my iud like we had uh, We were at a party and we were sliding all over the place on the slip and slide and next thing we know I hit a chair or somebody's head. I don't remember. I was actually like out like faint wise like I was in critical condition and uh Then uh, this is look at me and they're like, come on. Tell me what happened and they said all right I said I had anal sex and they're like, all right now we know what's going on So what he did was he ripped he ripped that tissue straight up All right Huge hole and I had to go through a lurches but Ah, they they They wow and how do you explain what she just said just in case they didn't make the radio He tore the taint he tore the taint. That's all you got to say Yeah, he tore it. So you had one big, uh, you know what back there? Yeah, don't say anything. Okay Tore the taint And then they what sewed you back up? Yeah, then they took him for emergency surgery. Yeah Yeah, yeah how to stitch you up? Asking for it and I keep going back to that night and i'm like no I can't do it. No, no, no You know, I I didn't think we could uh beat the uh, the frozen cervix story from yesterday But I do believe we just did what the hell was he using? Oh I guess so All right, he put his uh, he put his all behind that one. Well kelly that's a great little story you got there Yeah, that happens to me all the time When I give them a right hook All of a sudden they suited that up Well, thanks kelly No problem guys, I don't think i'm eating dinner tonight, so thank you for that Sorry about that. Bye Bye. Bye Oh my god, that's a nice one. Uh stacey. You're next on wnew. How are you? Hi, opi. Hi Hello, yeah, hi. Hi. All right. This is a thing Um with my ex-boyfriend at the time we had anal sex a few times Then we did it again and um, I had a mess Like there was an accident And I saw a hysterical crying. I was totally upset by it, but he like played it off like he didn't know what happened Now i'm like absolutely petrified to do it again, but I want to And I don't know what like how to get over this fear. Hmm Hmm, you had a mess. Yeah, why the hell are we talking about this? No, but i'm serious like I I'm just scared but I do I liked it but like i'm so scared that's gonna happen again. Um, I don't know like There's any precautions I can take? I have no idea. Well, I know I know what I can tell you but it'll never make the radio So what could you tell me? You gotta make sure you're you're you're ready let's yeah, I know but I thought I was just that I don't know. It's like such a weird, you know what i'm saying? And uh, I don't know. I'm like so afraid that it's gonna happen again And um, I don't know. I don't know. I thought you guys might know You know You just gotta be ready. I guess that's all I can tell you There's nothing else Yeah, we kept it on up. Yeah Really? Yeah. Oh, you know, all right, stacy. All right. Thank you. Goodbye. Bye Uh, let's go to greg greg. What's up? Hey guys, how you doing? Uh, pretty good. We're getting some strange stories right now Yeah, a little problem with the one that just tore herself. Yeah, she said uh, right I know what you're gonna say and then she said, uh Yeah, and then I called my husband over. Yeah. Wait a minute. Wasn't he the one doing it? I would hope so, but why did she have to call him? Yeah, wouldn't he know call him over? I think he was close enough to hear you All right, yeah, I thought that was a little weird too, but yeah, I have to call my husband I kind of figured he'd be right there seeing all this wouldn't have to call him too far. You know, right? All right. All right. Thank you greg. Yep. Bye Uh ricky martin checking in anthony. Yeah, uh psycho mark was giving me anal yesterday and he made me uh Yeah, he is just so Can't read something here Coming coming. All right We've got some outtakes from your latest commercial, uh venture great You want to read the original line? You had to do what an eight second tag for a uh For for who I don't even know for who um Strauss yeah auto Strauss discount auto, okay Yeah, I had to say uh, see your way clear with bosh micro edge excel wiper blades right now at strauss Bosch micro edge excel wiper blades are priced from only 9.99 each save on bosh wiper blades at strauss discount auto Very smooth. Yes And psycho mark, how long did it take him to do it? Seven minutes maybe I think that was about I cut it down to half an hour. You cut it down to a couple minutes here. Well, I had a bunch to do I had like four tags to do that one was the most difficult because Strauss bosh micro edge excel wiper blade that's kind of a tongue twister We're talking probably 40 seconds total of stuff that he had to read and it took nearly nine minutes I'm laughing because I know exactly what goes on. Yeah, it's you know All right. So it's time once again to play uh anthony's outtakes. I promise i'll do the next one. So yeah, you bet Get me back. Oh sure. Yeah, that'll happen. Yeah. Uh-huh. What you never do them. You always crying Oh, I can't do it today. Well, because I know what you guys are gonna do. Oh what like you can't take it I can't take the criticism and the criticism my my shallow ego can't take it. Maybe you guys make fun of me You're such a pro though. Yeah, i'm a pro never mess up. All right. All right. Here's anthony's outtakes There we go You gotta be telling me super fast. What do I gotta say? Which ones all of them? That one that one and that one Yeah Bosch micro edge excel wiper blades See you wake clear See you wake clear with See you wake clear with bosch micro edge excel wiper blades right now at strauss bosch micro edge excel Yeah, it's like oh my god Bosch micro edge wiper blades bosch micro edge wiper blades See you wake clear with bosch micro edge excel wiper blades right now at strauss by Micro edge my wife you got me Okay See you wake clear with bosch micro edge excel wiper blades right now. It's def See you wake clear with bosch micro edge excel wiper blades right now at strauss bosch micro edge Oh, that's ross. Holy See you wake clear with posh micro edge excel wiper blades right now It'srow's bosch micro edge wiper wiper Xuan, you know why it doesn't say excel in the second one See you way clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch... Are you kidding me? I'll keep trying. See you way clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss... Strauss... It's impossible. This is a tongue twister. See you way clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch Micro Edge Wiper Blades. I almost had it. $9.99 each. See you way clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss... Strauss... It's Strauss... Strauss... I'm like anticipating the pandemonium before it even starts. You're f***ing tall. Oh man. See you way clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch... See you way... Holy f***. See you way clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch Micro Edge Wiper Blades are priced from only $9.99 each. Save on Bosch Wi... F***. Oh you had it. I totally had it. See you way clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch Micro Edge Wiper Blades are priced at only $9.99 each. Save on Bosch Wiper Blades at... God motherf***. Almost had it. See you way clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch Micro Edge Wiper Blades are priced at only $9.99 each. Save on Bosch Wiper Blades at Strauss Auto... F*** you. F*** you you motherf***. See you way clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Holy sh***. Cancel your appointments. I can't get. See you way clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wi... This ain't gonna work. Holy sh***. F*** the Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. See you way clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades are priced at only $9.99 each. Save on Bosch Wiper Blades at Strauss Discount Auto. F***ing Bosch Wiper Blades my... Oh my God. Ponderous. F***ing ponderous. Is Don on the phone? Oh my God. Ponderous. That's so funny. F'ing ponderous. When you listen to these commercials in the car you just assume the guy went into the studio and it was one take and he was done and he moved on. It was a tongue twist. A lot of this stuff takes forever. Right now it's Strauss Bosch Microwedge Excel Wiper Blight. It's just big the bun the ding the ding. Alright. Now very difficult, Opie. You do the next one. I guess I'm going to have to. F'ing ponderous. Alright. We've got to take another break, Anthony. Alright. We've been featuring prank calls all day long on our radio show. This one is probably our biggest one we've ever done. Simple as that. Off the Man in the World. May I help you? Yes. Butt plugs? Who? Butt plugs. Butt plugs, yes. I don't know how to help you. Butt plugs? How can I help you? Butt plugs. What is it? Butt plugs. A what box? Butt plugs. A bug box? Butt plugs. I'm not following what you're saying. Butt plugs. I have a bad connection. I don't understand. What is it? Butt plugs. Bug box? Is it like a receptacle you're talking about? Butt plugs, yes. What kind of plug is it? A spark plug you're talking about? Butt plugs. Oh, hold on. Hello. What are you looking for? Butt plug. Spark plug, what kind? What kind of a spark plug? Butt plug. I just don't understand you. I'm sorry. A spark plug. Butt plug. Bug plug? Never heard of it. What do you use it for? Butt plug? What do you use it for, Sir? Butt plug. Butt plug. Butt plug. Butt plug. Butt plug. I know but. Butt plug. I know but, but what do you use it on? What do you use it in? Butt plug! Butt plug! Yeah, okay, I got you a spark plug. There's all kinds of spark plugs. Butt plug! Butt plug! Butt plug! Butt? Butt plug! Sorry sir, we don't understand what you want. Butt plug! Butt plug! I don't know, we don't carry that. Butt plug? Yeah, we don't carry it. Thank you. Alright. OP and Anthony Show. What other radio shows can give you like intelligent talk about stocks and girls playing what's in my pants? Yeah. The OP and Anthony Show. 1027 WNEW. Hey Lauren, what's going on? Oh, is this LNA? Yeah, what's up? Hey, you guys are like killing me today. Today at work, first of all, I heard your little thing in that playing cue-calls with the, with the hillbilly guy, whatever, about the roofer. Oh yeah. And I was already in a hot seat today at work. I did not need to start breaking out and lacerating. I suppressed lacerating for another hour. I got in trouble. Now I'm on the thinking highway. I can't, I have my six-pack. I'm like dying over here, crying. You guys gotta stop because you're killing me. What made you laugh? Anthony's outtakes today? Well, that was classic, definitely. Those are always fun. The butt plug thing almost killed me. Oh, the butt plug, yeah, yeah. It's like one thing after another. And at work, forget it, that roofer guy? Yeah. The roofer thing? I couldn't, you know, I was trying real hard to be good because my boss was looking at me. And it was like, it came out right through my nose to laugh. It was like, I got clawed down on the carpet. I'm like, they're like, why are you laughing at? The girl's very excited today, OP. Well, thank you, Laura. You're as excited as Marie was. Oh, man. Some earlier. You know, I started listening to you guys a while ago, like two months ago, and I caught this call the first time listening. And you were like, oh, we're having a bad day. Yeah, yeah. Let me tell you, you guys are fabulous. We say that every day. I will never stop listening to you. You're the best. Oh, thank you. And you know what? You gotta stop, because siren. The siren always creeps me out. Yeah, yeah, the siren, yeah. The siren, yeah. The siren, yeah. All right, well, thank you, Laura. Yeah, all right. Listen, you guys keep it up, all right? All right, bye. Bye, bye. All right. Let's go to Luke. Luke, what's going on? What's up, guys? We're talking to you. You guys feeling all right? What's going on over there? You guys seem a little out of sorts. You're not your usual wacky selves today. Oh, are you insane? Well, I mean, you know, you are, but, you know, I just, you know, it seems like, you know, I'm a faithful listener. I've been listening since day one, and it seems like, you know, you guys seem a little bummed out about what's been going on over there the past couple of weeks, you know, the things and all that. No, we're fine. Yeah. It's a great week. Yeah, like last week was great. Oh, it's not great. Yesterday was great. Today, it seems like, you know, I play a lot of recorded stuff and I'm not going to have a problem with that. Well, there's some laughs involved with today. All right. Yeah, I mean, not to be selfish, I don't care if it gets indicated, because I got you guys here already, so it doesn't matter to me. Yeah, well, don't worry about it. That's for sure. You guys keep it up. Don't worry about it. I don't want to give you a hard time, all right? Everything is fine. All right, good. All right. Take care. I'm glad I backed in her as much as it does. Yeah, I hope she's in some severe pain doing the show. It's like in a wheelchair. Well, practically. One of Jerry's kids. I'm waiting for you to just wheel into the studio. You know, you're a nice guy, though, because we're walking down the hall to, you know, get into the studio to do the show today. Yeah. And I am walking like an old man. I'm not exaggerating. He's hunched over. His arms are hanging. I pulled out my back so bad, and I'm like just slowly but surely walking down the hall, and I thought for sure you were just going to go, Well, I'll see you in the studio. Yeah, later. But it's like, you know, visiting like grandpa at the old age home, and you're walking. And I got to walk around the grounds with him a little bit real slow. That's what Ant was doing with me today. I'm like, hey, he is a pal. It's like when I went to, when I took my mother and grandma to lunch before the Broadway show, and like we had a walk with grandma. And you're walking, and then you realize, oh, we're walking faster than grandma. You got to slow down. And you got to really slow down. So I'm walking to the studio, and it's like, oh, oh, we can't walk. No, I cannot. I'll slow down. I wanted to take a couple days off, but I thought you and Rick would kill each other. And doesn't that suck? Yeah, right. That probably would happen. Doesn't it suck like there's plenty of time once you get old to walk like that? I said that to Ant. Oh, great. This is what we have to look forward to when we hit like, you know, 65, 70 to walk like this. And you got to bang some fossil. You know? Screw that. Oh my God. Imagine that. I screwed that. I guarantee I'll get hookers. Guarantee I'll get hookers when I get older. Opie's got line of the year. What? Talking about girlfriends and wives and everything like that. Oh, well, did I say that one on the air yet? I think you have. I don't know. It just puts everything in perspective. Because you're talking about marriage and everything, and Opie's just like, yeah, right. Because I've had to listen to Anthony's horror stories the last few months, and I'm like, you know, Ant, my girlfriend, or my wife, I should say, my wife, isn't even born yet. Now that's a way to look at things. Your wife isn't even born yet. My wife isn't even born yet. And you're laughing at something stupid like that, but look at Michael Douglas. He could have said that in his 30s. Sure. His wife wasn't born yet, and it was true at the time. Now he's got that piece of ass, you know, Zeta Jones there. So my wife isn't even born yet. Isn't even born yet. I just don't want to wake up at 70 next to a fossil where her private parts look like a cow tongue. Oh my God. It's like hanging. We've all seen that picture on the Internet, right? When did my wife get a sack? What happened? So yeah, I'm in severe pain today. Yeah, so you're walking around all hunched over. Jim, what's going on? Hey guys, I almost killed me earlier. What happened? I went off the road. I was listening to the outtakes. I was laughing so hard. I had my eyes were tearing. I'm telling you, man, I went right up on somebody's lawn. Ah, cool. Oh, it was great. Oh, that was so good. Yeah, so funny. Great. It's funny unless it's you, you know? Yeah, but Anthony's not laughing. I'm always getting slain. I don't know what it is, too. I think I psych myself out. I go into that studio. I really want to just blow through it and get out of there. And I cannot friggin' do it for the life of me. It's like whenever we're doing a live read here on the air and Hope goes right before we're doing the read. He goes, Anthony, we got a read coming up. We got to tape this one so we can play it when we're off next week or something like that. Or for the client. So let's keep it to a minute and let's blow it out. And it's like the first thing is like, I'm gonna get that bad dad. I F it up. I can't take the pressure. I choke. A lot of people want to know how I hurt my back. It's simple. Just bending down. That's all it takes. Bending down to get a shirt out of my drawer. That's all it takes. That's all it was. Well, we've all done it with the neck. You know, you're in the shower and all of a sudden you're just like, I don't know, do something stupid like you turn your head or we lift your arms to, you know, scrub your head with shampoo. And on next thing you know, you got a pinched nerve in your neck. It's like, what's that about? Yeah. But that's what happened. Rick, what's going on with Bridget and her waxing? Yeah. All right. She's ready. She's here. The waxing people are here. Virgin. And we got the other studio set up. All right. Can we talk to Bridget real fast or? Yeah. I want to talk to the two ladies that are going to be doing the waxing too. Do they speak English? A little bit. A little bit? Yeah. Okay. We can talk to them too. Jay, what's going on? I just want to know who the heck runs off the road because they're laughing. Yeah, I know. All these people I call about that drive me crazy. Listen, I got something else though. We don't know what they're going to say that, you know? Yeah, I know. Listen, I got a job for Spad. Yeah. You guys have been waiting hard on me. It involves him working in a factory with Bugs Bunny. Say that again? It involves him working in a factory with Bugs Bunny. Yeah, the bombs. We gave him a lug hammer and he's got to tap the heads of missiles to see if they're okay. Yeah, testing out the bombs. Righting dud on him. You guys write Spad hard, but he does do a lot of great things on the show. No, he does. He called earlier where, oh my God. Well, we were proving a point there. Spad, you know, what am I doing? Very well done. He pisses off a lot of you guys, but he knows what calls we need for our show. Yeah, absolutely. Like, he wouldn't have accepted this one. Well, I had a work job when I got on. I'm just kidding, Jeff. Very good. All right, thank you. All right, bye. Any Bugs Bunny references okay by me? Yes. Bridget in the studio, Anthony, from Make Bridget Cry. Hey, Bridget. She's back. How are you? Fine, how are you? How you doing? We were able to talk you into getting your virgin, your bikini line waxed. Right. Live on our show. Right. But you will not allow us to watch. This is a first. I was willing to back out. Yeah, but we're wondering, like, you know, if we could maybe see a before and after. No. Even just us, so we could tell the listeners? No. Boy, she ain't budging. How about just the hair that's going to be pulled away? No. How about just a little peak? No. To the top of the rough? Nothing. The top of the rough. Nothing. Nothing. How about, like, your hairy legs? They're not hairy. No? All right, so what are we getting done today? You guys want to say? Okay, what? It's called a Brazilian bikini wax. Brazilian bikini wax? Which is everything. Carnival. Wait, you're going wood floor? I think so. It's everything, right? It's almost everything. Almost everything? What is left? Except for what? Wait, wait. It's like a Playboy wax. All right, wait, we got the wax ladies in the studio. It's like a Playboy wax. It's like a Playboy wax. It's like a Playboy wax. It's like a Playboy wax. It's like a Playboy wax. It's like a Playboy wax. What does that mean? You should be able to wear G-string without showing hair. G-string without showing hair. So is there a line of hair left? Correct. Okay, so it's like a mohawk. Little mohawk. It's like a little triangle. A little triangle with a tiny little triangle? On top of the, yeah. On top of the... Right, that area. That's right. The shape is, or they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they The shape is, or they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they like, they Oh, you're very naughty. Yes, yes. Oh dear. I love it. Do you do this with young boys? Yes. Do you ever get disgusted at some of the messes that come see you? No, all the clients are beautiful. All the clients are beautiful, I see. No one comes there and wants a wax and looks like Fidel Castro eating a London broil? No, no. No? And how is this done? What do you use? Just wax. Just wax? Yes, pine wax. Organic wax. Organic wax? Yes. What's organic? Made from pine. Pine? Organic wax? Yes. Oh, so it's sort of like what, sap? Kind of, yes. How about that? And you guys just rip it off? Yes. Will she scream live in the air for us? Let me tell you, there's a lot of guys that go down there too to get the back wax. Ouch! Yes? Yes. Ouch! Oh my God. Well, I really wish we could see at least part of the procedure, but she's... Well, are you bothered to get it done? Well, no, no, I don't want to have it done on me. Could Rick be... Wax my sack. Could Rick be behind you where he doesn't see your ground zero? No, because she's going to be in a position that he can't be there. No, she has to be undressed. She has to be relaxed. She has to be relaxed, she's got to be undressed. Can we have the wax strips when you're done with them? No. No? We can't even see your hair after... We've got to auction that off. We've got to auction that off. No. Oh my God, you're like a... Wow, you are so shy. You're like a virgin too. I'm amazed how she snuck in here. How she wheeled in to get on this show. I can get my free wax. Wow. So you're going to take all her clothes off for this or just their bottoms or what? Just the bottoms. Just the bottoms? Yeah. Did you check out the area to see what kind of job you're going to need to do here? Well, whatever the job she needs to get done, she's going to be doing it on her. It doesn't matter. So I just had to check. Are you going to be waxing the taint today? Yeah. That's the whole area down below. Yes, the undercarriage. You're doing the undercarriage too? Yeah. That's got to hurt. It sounds like, but it doesn't hurt. Yeah, it doesn't hurt. It's not a pain. Yeah, the technique that we use makes something easy. And how long will this take? No more than perhaps 30 minutes. 30 minutes? Are either or both of you a Lesbo? No. No? I'm thinking that would be a who. What a job to get into if you're a Lesbo. Say that again? In my place, it can be in five minutes. Yeah? It depends, you know, like how much hair you are. If you were a girl and you were a Lesbo, wouldn't you get into this line of work? Would you just see him all day? Oh, yeah, I would. PJ wants to sniff the wax on line 11. Oh. Yeah, see, she won't even let us have the wax with her hair in it. It's not even part of you anymore. Why are you so shy? But there's something about this. She's so innocent and... I don't know. Yeah. Most girls we would blow off if we weren't allowed to check it out ourselves. Virgin. Yeah, that's why, Scott. Virgin. Yeah. Virgin. All right, well, we're going to set up mics in the other studio so we can at least hear Bridget scream when they pull the wax. Yeah. Do you mind a microphone? Not at all. Oh, thank God. You see? We can have the ladies explaining what's going on for our audience. Yeah. Okay. Like you're applying the wax and we'll ask you questions about what's going on, I guess. Okay. All right, we only have like a half hour left in the show so we better get going. Let's go. Get cracking. No pun intended. There goes Bridget. She has a cute little sundress on. What kind of panties are you wearing today, Bridget? What kind? What kind? What kind? What color? Can we see your panties? It's a thong. Just pull up. Let's see what color it is. Just on the line. Come on. Let's see your panties at least. We're getting you a free waxing. It's like wearing a bathing suit. Yeah, don't you wear a bathing suit. What are you getting to wax for? Who's going to see you waxing now? Yeah, who is going to see this? Who is going to see this? You're not going to show us? Who the hell are you going to show? It's like polishing up the Ferrari and leaving it in the garage. Jesus. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Jesus. You guys talked me into coming here. I know. All right. But who's going to see it? You're going through all this pain and this effort? You're going to see it. This is just ... And now are you going to wear a bikini this summer? Yeah. So isn't us underwear just like a bikini? Yes. So if we happen to be at the same beach you were at, well we wouldn't see through it. You're pulling up a little. Just show us the color of the ... You can put your hand in front of the patch area so we don't see through the ... I can't believe we can't even see our panties. I can't believe you guys agreed to this. I haven't had to beg this much since I told my little niece to keep it a secret. Virgin. Yes, Scott. Maureen wants to know why you won't get it all waxed right off. Maureen. Hey. I don't know what's up. I'm talking to you. What's up? I want to know why didn't you just get all waxed? What's the point of having a little bit there? Yeah. I thought it was all getting waxed. Well, maybe she wants it all waxed. Tell her why you let her see it. What's the big deal? Tell her now. Why is she on there then? Maybe she wants it all waxed. Oh, wait. She's going to go for the wood floor, Maureen. She's going for the wood floor. Oh, yeah. Really? All right. Good girl. All right. It'll still be fun because we'll have them all on the radio explaining what's going on, right, Maureen? Yeah. All right. All right, ladies, why don't you get going? Why don't you get going? Get started. There go the ladies. How would you like to mow my lawn? Yeah. They'll be mowing her lawn. How would you like to mow my lawn? Huh? How would you like to mow my lawn? Huh? All right. I don't know why we keep inviting Bridget onto our radio show, but there's just something about her because she's like, you know what it is. This virgin, this prude. There's this hope, I think, that one of these days she's going to crack. But she gets more and more conservative and prudish with each appearance on this program. Ben's all pissed. We're all pissed. Ben's like, what are you not supposed to say that? Ben's like, Ben just said. Effort. Effort. Right on my... And I don't think he was pissed off saying that. That's so funny. Oh, yeah. Yes, he keeps up. Like, like, dude, the hair that's left on the wax. I mean... Yeah, because she probably knows what's like a mark. I'll do with it. All right. How do we get him up in the other... I'm grazing off of that thing. Keep it like a Chia Pet in his house. Kid Rick, I want to know... Little red Chia Pet. I want to know how we get him up in the other studio because we want to see what's going on over there. Of course, she's a natural redhead also. She's got that Irish red hair. All right. Yeah, nothing's going on in there. They don't have the microphones on yet. Retards! Oh, boy. Oh, boy. Yes, so I guess we're hoping... Boy, I hear something there. Rick? Rick, I hear the microphones in the other studio. He can't hear us, though. Yeah, what's up? Hey. Yeah, we hear it. Where are you? Are you in the studio right next to us? No, I'm in there, too. Oh, okay. Yeah. Why are... They're in the studio that Don and Mike use when they're here, so everything's all locked up and the windows are all sealed up. Rick, why don't you explain what's going on? I mean, you can stay in there for a little while, I'm assuming. No, get out. No. Rick? I don't get it. Uh, Rick? Yeah, what? Why don't you explain what's going on? Because you can stay in there for a little while. Well, right now they're setting up like a paper. Like paper, like if a dog were to go to the bathroom. Okay. They're setting up the paper on the counter. On the counter? Yeah, because we're going to... Hold on, you can't say that word. Okay. Aw! She's going to put her private area up on a counter. Okay. She's going to be parked on the counter. All right, so they're laying down paper. Right? Yeah. Okay. Okay. That's where we're at right now. All right, let's take a break. Once you give one of the... You've got to give the lady some head... She's going to get dressed now, but I have to leave? All right, wait, before... Hold it. Hey, Rick, Rick. You're on zipper? Rick. Okay, Maggie's on zipping, uh, Richard's, uh, little son... Rick's not listening to you. I know. No, I need to get on track. Come on. Come, get over here. Don't turn back. I can't hear you. I hear you. Why? The matter of the headphones is... Well, that studio's going to be set up directly. Rick, don't turn around. I'm just listening in. I felt early as an idiot. I can't hear anything. Don't start it. I felt early as an idiot. I can't hear anything. I can't hear you. All right, you guys there? Yeah, we're here. Hey, Rick. All right, listen. We can't hear. We can't hear. Rick. Oh, I'm going to punch somebody. I'm in no mood for this today. Can someone make a concerted effort to make this work? Yeah, what? Dude, all right, listen. We've got to take a break. We need the headphones for the girls so we can talk to them while they're doing this. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. He's not even listening. He's not listening. He's not listening. He's not listening. Just turn him down. We'll go to break. All right, we're going to go to break. Tell them not to start because we've got to get headphones on those women. Tell them, it's real simple. Tell them to get headphones on the wax people so we can talk to them during the whole process. Very, very simple thing to do, okay? That's easy enough. Oh, my God. It's like brain surgery. Thanks. I don't know. Are all, what happened? Hi, this is Jim Brewer and you're listening to the new FM Talk 1027AW, Opie and Anthony. And they're part of my new class. Then we gather every Tuesdays of the first month and we talk about our past lives. And I used to be a butterfly and I'm flying away. Fly, fly, fly. Opie and Anthony. Unfortunately, John, you guys are going to be in a lot of trouble. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. I'm going to have to go. Congratulations, John. You guys are really funny and stuff. But you guys are taking it too far to the point where I literally get nauseous and sick listening to your radio show. Don't make a mitle. 1027AW. All right, it's the Opie and Anthony show. We have Bridget from Make Bridget Cry in another studio. She's going to get a bikini wax, Anthony, live in our show. God only knows why. She doesn't want anyone to see it, though, so she's locked away in another studio. I think Rick's still in there because she still has her clothes on. Yeah, I'm still here, guys. All right, what's going on in there, Rick? Well, she got into the robe. And actually, I've gotten to the point where she's going to give us the wax strips with the hair on it. Oh, really? Yeah, I kind of convinced her of that. All right. So we'll have that for the ONA auction. That's good. That auction's going to be great. Yes, it is. All right. Various hair products. And I can almost see her little boobs. What? She's covered up. Yeah. I forgot she's got headphones on. All right. So she's naked in a robe? Yeah, she's naked in the robe, and the ladies have the hot wax heated up. Should I leave now? Is that the deal? Yeah, give Bridget the microphone so we can talk to her. Does she have headphones on, too? Yeah, she's got headphones on, too. All right. And can the ladies hear us, the waxers? Can the waxers hear us? Yes. Okay. All right. Bridget, how do you feel? Bridget, how do you feel? I feel fine. We're just trying to figure out the headphones. I want to use headphones. You heard that? Yeah, I heard that. All right. So you guys got the hot wax ready to go? Ready to go. Yes, ready to go. And how do you apply it? With like a paintbrush or with your hand? No, come on, guys. How come it's going to be with her hand? Use it. You have a penis. You are unbelievable. How do you apply the wax? I'm serious. She's got like a large spatula that she uses for that. Like a tongue depressor type thing? Right. One of those ones that the doctors use when you go to sit down. When you say open up and say, ah. All right. Yeah. Is Bridget going to feel it when you apply the wax? Of course. Okay. Because it's a little bit warm, you know? Okay. So why don't you describe what's going on. And Bridget, whenever you want to jump in, you're more than welcome. Okay? All right. And also describe her pre-waxed area. Is there a lot of hair there? No, there's not a lot of hair. I'm not talking about you. Or at least somebody else to describe your... Rick's still in the room. They haven't seen... Rick, get out of there. What are you crazy? I'm just setting up the last microphone here. All right, Bridget. This is for you to hold onto. Okay. Okay. Now she can answer all your questions. All right. All right. So let's start the process. I hope they can hear me. Yeah. Rick, get the hell out of the studio. Yeah. Just talk? Okay. Rick's leaving. Okay. Rick's gone. Now... Get up and wind to it. Come on. Come on. Let's go. Come on, Rick. You got to keep going. Come on. Tell Rick... Lock the door. Okay. All the ladies are in the studio. That's correct. Okay. Now, describe Bridget's patch there. Is it normal? Is it a little hairier than normal? Yeah. What does she got down there? I'm not looking at her. Come on, Bridget. Answer that question. Aw, you're going to look. You're going to wax her. You're going to see it, right? It's not me. It's Johnny. Well, you let her talk then. Yeah. Johnny, they want to know what it looks like. Beautiful. Oh, is it? Is it very hairy? Kind of hairy, yeah. Kind of hairy? Yeah. Is it growing down her legs a little bit? Come on, guys. It is not growing down my legs. Okay. Are they applying the wax? Baby powder. Baby powder, now. How's that Hyman look? Virgil. Virgil. Virgil. Okay. Come on, come on, come on. It's really disturbing. All right, so you're applying the baby powder. Mm-hmm. Okay, very good. Now she's putting on the wax. She's putting on the wax. How's that feel, Bridget? It feels warm. Great, Bridget's losing it to a Yankee candle. Aw. All right, they're spreading the wax. Yeah, and she's putting the first strip on. All right. Right? Oh, how'd that feel? That was quick. She's very quick. All right, let's hear a few more little screeches out of you. Okay. Tell us what's going on. Okay, she's putting more wax on. Okay, the warm wax. Mm-hmm. Yeah. And then she puts the strip on. Oh, yeah. She pulls it off. Oh, how does that warm wax feel down there? It feels fine. Yeah, does it feel good? It feels fine. Is it flaky? It feels good. Is it pleasurable at all to you? It's scary. It's really scary. Scary. All right, and how does it feel when she rips the strip? So far, it's not so bad. She's doing the outsides. The outsides. Oh, I don't think they wax the inside, honey. All right. Oh. Hey, I kind of like the way that sounds, huh? Okay, what do you think? I think we're moving closer. We're starting from the outside, moving to ground zero, right? Yes. Okay. All right, let's hear some more. Okay. All right, tell us what's going on. Well, she's got one of my legs at a 90-degree angle. Yeah. Which is letting her get more area. Okay, more wax is being applied. Yeah, it's on. Yeah, okay, here. This one should hurt. Here we go. Oh, no, that wasn't so bad. Okay. How would you like them all my long? Huh? How would you like them all my long? Huh? Virgin. So you have a leg up in the air? No, no, just off to the side. Off to the side. Mm-hmm. Okay. All right, how much have they done thus far? I can't, I don't know. I can't really tell. No? They're getting really close. Okay. Oh, my God. What was that? That hurt. That one hurt? Yeah. All right. Yeah. Ow. Oh, that one hurt. Okay. It's not that bad. Ladies, how's she doing so far? She's doing very good. Very good? She's very good. Okay. Okay, so we're going to have a little bit of a break. We're going to have a little bit of a break. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Very good. Very good. Very good. Are we halfway done? No way. No? No. Oh, yeah. That is just the front. She has to do the back. The back? Yeah. Oh, yeah. All right. Okay. That one hurt a little bit. That was just one side. That was just one side? Yeah. All right. You're moving to the other side. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. You're moving to the other side. Virgin. No, she's going to get the whole- Oh, that sounds pretty good. I believe we're deep into the forest at this point. Yeah. Oh, yeah. She's getting there. All right. Yeah. Going for a waxed floor. Let's hear. Let's hear. Okay. She's putting the wax on. Okay. The guys coming out. Ow. Oh, yeah. Yeah. That rocks. That is so strange. Yeah, it's very strange. That sounds like a thick strip. How does it feel to have another person's hands down by your area? That's the first time ever, right? It's the first time ever. Yeah. I'm going to try to do a little bit of a No. No? Just say yes. Yes. Well, that's the first time with another woman that close down. Virgin. No, doctors. Okay. Now, what are they doing? She's- I prefer to rip it out with my teeth. That's how I wax all of my girls. Hello. How are you, pretty? Remember me? I am Mike Tyson. I will wax you. I will wax you. I will wax you. I will wax you. I will wax you. I will wax you. I will wax you. I will wax you. I will wax you. I will wax you. I will wax you. Here comes another one. Are they going to- Oh, this one's going to hurt. All right, this one's going to hurt. Okay, she's putting the strip on. Strip on. Oh! Yeah! Oh, yeah! Coming, coming, coming, coming. Oh, wow. Coming. Are we almost done in the front there? Yeah. Okay, so we're going to go ahead and put the strip on. Okay. All right, are the waxing ladies still listening to me? One is. Yes, I am. All right, how close are we to done? Oh, my gosh, this one's huge. Wait, wait, this one's huge. All right, hold on, hold on. Be quick with that. That's the middle, you know, that's why it hurts so much. Ah, the middle. That's right in the center. Oh, the good part. Ow. Oh! I'm getting told to stop tensing. No. Remember that. Nice. Bridget, it sounds like it hurts. It's, yeah, but it's quick. It's not that bad. Yeah. Okay. I have a red manager. Oh, my gosh. It's a red manager. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. Oh, my gosh. I have a red manager there. So, with another 10 more minutes, she should be done. Yeah. Yeah. Just in the front or the whole thing? No, they're doing the back now. The back. She's doing the back. All right, what position are you in right now? Like I'm giving birth to the sky. Oh, really? Giving birth to the sky. Your legs are up in the air kind of. Right. It's really scary. Okay. They're putting wax on that area there. How close to the balloon knot? Right on it, I think. Ow. Oh, man. That's great. We have a virgin getting her bikini wax for the first time. Ouch. Ouch. All right, so is the front completely done now? The wax is hot now. Yes, it is. Oh, you're very naughty. Oh, my gosh. All right, what's going on, Bridget? Okay, I think she's almost done. She's rubbing that strip on there. This one should hurt. Here we go. Okay, she's putting wax on. All right, more wax being applied to the taint, I believe. Yeah, I think. Wax on, wax off. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. That one hurt. Oh, yeah. Virgin. Virgin. Oh, that one hurt. Yeah. Yeah. Wax on, hair off. Bridget, son. Wow, that one hurt. Okay, just one more of those and I think it's over. The whole thing is done after this next one? I think so. I hope so. Wax lady? Johnny, that's the last one? No, it's not. It's not. Virgin. All right, so what's going on in there? More wax. More wax to the area, okay? Yeah. You're giving birth to the sky. Oh, that was a good one. This is how Bridget's going to sound when she loses her virginity. This is great. Just like her first time, it's going to be fast. Okay, this is the last one. Okay, the last one. Let's get a good listen. Thank God. Ouch. Ouch. This is what you ladies go through? This is nuts. It's not that bad. It's not that bad. Not that bad. It is not. All right, so. Because she's on air, you know. So wax ladies, what's going on? Are we just about done? Yeah, two more minutes. Now, what do you do as a follow-up to waxing? Do you lotion the area? Yeah, I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. I do. Do you lotion the area? I do. I do. Do you rub it in yourself or does she do that? Yeah, she would do that. She does it or you rub it in? No, she does it. She does it. Wow. Do you watch them? The waxing lady would do it. Do you watch to make sure she does it properly? No, I'm not looking at them. Well, you got to make sure she does it right. I'm not sure she would do it. You know what the best way to apply that lotion is? Oh my gosh. She's putting a stringent all over it. Oh, a stringent so it's stinging? Yes, it is. It's a sea breeze. It's a sea breeze. All right. You don't want sea breeze. It'll smell like it. Let's hide. All right. So Bridget, what's going on now? She's putting sea breeze all over it. This doesn't feel very good. Be careful. Yeah. Is it all red? It's pink. Yeah. It's all pink, Ophie. How about that? How about that? It's pink. It's pink. It's pink. It's pink. It's pink. It's pink. It's pink. It's pink. How about that? How about that? It looks very cute. Does it? It looks cute, huh? It does. Can you show us the final product? No. Okay, terrific. Can I get dressed now? I don't know. It's up to the layers. Are they done with you? They're done with me. Yeah. Okay. So you're completely bare. Yeah. Get dressed. Rick, go clean the hairs and the wax. Wait. Don't come in yet. Oh, don't come in yet. Jesus. Perish the thought. Anyone sees a precious Bridget naked? Jesus. Stop it. Okay. Oh my God. She's not bad. All right, get your goddamn clothes on. She is. Yes, that was very nice, lady. Virgin. Oh my God. So that's it. Who's next? One of the guys is going to do that. Who's next? I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. Who's next? The guy's going to do the back hair. Who's next? Yeah. What do you do when you wax the guy? What do they always ask for? A sack? No, the back. The back? Oh. Yeah. You never had any guy come in and wanted his genital area waxed? Yeah, but we don't do guys. I don't do guys? No, not that area. I have some back hair. You do? Yeah, a little bit. A little bit. What about ass hair? No, we don't do that. You don't do that? No. So how come you do girls, but you want to do the guy? Because we don't want to mix the clientele. Yeah, of course. I'm going to embarrass that thought. Why don't we get all the ladies back in the studio so we can take a look at you guys, okay? Okay. All right, come on back in. There they go. Bridget, I think she's 19. 19-year-old virgin getting her first wax job. First wax job, 19-year-old virgin. Keith, what's going on? Hey, what's going on, guys? How are you? I'll tell you what. I did an about face, man. I got on the phone. I wanted to tell you to get this girl off the air because she's not doing much. She's not letting you see nothing, but hearing her go through this makes it worth it. Every little bit of pain, she deserves it, all right? Didn't you like those little sleeves? That's great. That's what she deserves. She should have showed you guys something, man. Who's coming here and don't show nothing? What is that? There's plenty of other girls I'm sure will wax. They'll show you everything. Get you guys off a little something. I can at least see her hair embedded in the wax. Something very erotic about listening to a young virgin getting her first wax job in another studio. Yeah, well, she's really a virgin, you know? All right, we're back in the studio, Keith. All right, Rick is holding the strips. Yeah. Let's see, man. Before me, I am holding the shroud of Turin. Look at this. All right, let's see. Open it up. Lift one up. Lift up. Well, come here. Oh my God. Whoa. Wow, you're a redhead. Cool. Look at that, dude. Oh my God, I'm going to get sick. Why? It's a pubie hair. Yeah, but there's all sorts of other crap mixed in with it. No, it's just the wax. Yeah. It's natural. Wow, look at that. That is bright red, isn't it? It's like Bozo the Clown, head in the leg lock. Not anymore, though. All right, save those, Rick. We will auction them off. Well, don't save them near me. The wax lady is not amused. Sorry, Bridget. I'd rather see those things actually on the girl. Did you guys have fun in there? Did you have a good time? It was all right? All right. Yeah, she was good? Yeah, she was a very good girl. That's pretty good. Is her area nice? Would you consider her area pretty? Would you consider her area, is it cute? Is it pretty? It's normal. It's normal? Yeah. They are normal. It's a little smaller than most. Normal. Yeah? Tight? Oh, please. Come on. Come on. Virgin. All right. We want to plug you ladies. Where could other ladies get the wax job? Maggie and Jane, right? Johnny? That's how you spell Johnny? Yeah. J-A-N-E with that weird line above the E is Johnny? All right. It's the J sisters, is that true? That's correct. 35 West 57th Street? Yes. Oh, you're close to here, right? Yeah. 35 West 57th Street, New York, New York. Give them a call if you want to get waxed. 212-750-2485, right? Right, yeah. You did a very, very good job on Bridget. You're totally bald down there now, Bridget. I think so. Yeah? Yeah. Nothing down there. Smooth as a baby's ass. Right. How about a quick look? Yeah. She ain't ever... You know when you're talking, oh, and we've had some girls up in the studio and like you know they'll crack after a while? Yeah. Not her. No, I don't. It's done. It's just fun to have. Like there's no way in hell she is even showing like upper thigh. I know. Amazing. What could you show us? It's got to be something. What do you mean? Virgin. What do you mean? Give us something. Besides what you're showing right now. What's the most you could show us right now? Yeah. Yeah. How about your butt? How about nose? Bend over and pick some up. Yeah, just lift up your dress like it's a bikini bottom. Right, ladies? But it's not. Jesus Christ. Isn't that normal? You get bends all pissed off. Jesus Christ. I think everyone's pissed off. I'm sorry. All right. Frank, what's going on? What's up, guys? I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. What's going on? What's up, guys? How are you? That was so hot. Oh my God. I never thought I'd be into that kind of stuff, but I'm totally into SMM. SMM, I just found out. Yeah, the little moan screams were pretty good. Oh, is she still in the studio? Yeah. Bridget, I make six figures. I will make you so happy. Where's the decimal? It's where it's supposed to be, Anthony. I didn't lose any money like you. All right, guys. Take it easy. Thank you. Bye. Yeah, that was pretty good. All right, Bridget, you're clean down there now. Yep. Completely shaved. Done. And we're not seeing any of it, Jesus Christ. No comment. No comment. Oh, whoa. What do you mean by no comment? She doesn't want to comment. She doesn't want to comment. Okay. Thank you, ladies. Thank you. Thank you. I guess good job. We like to say, you know, we like to look and say, hey, wow, that is a great job. But we'll just have to take Bridget's word for it. Yeah. Jasmine, what's up? Hello? Jasmine? Yes? How are you? I'm fine. You're on the air. All right, what's up? Okay. I just wanted to say that I'm surprised that she wasn't screaming because when I first got it done, it was painful. I was screaming and hollering. I think it's all the pros, actually. It's amazing how she took it. I couldn't even walk, really. I didn't want to walk. Does everybody remember where Bridget first came to our show? Yeah. Remember this? Her boyfriend, she was with her boyfriend. She figured she'd give him a Hummer for Hummer Tuesday. And after she was done, the boyfriend pushed her forehead, knocked it to the floor and said, I hope you're, you know. I always knew you were a little what? Little what? What did he say? Little whore. A little whore. And now she's like totally clammed up. And it was the first time she ever, you know, tried to give one of those, right? Yeah. All right. Like a little neck clam. Like wham. Can't get in. Nothing in there. Well, thank you, Jasmine. All right, bye. I think your boyfriend wrecked it for everybody. Let's go to Tom. Tom, what's going on? You should have been in the recording. Hey, guys. How you doing? I love it. But you messed up. You got to remember for the next time, have the girls number the strips. Why? You can put it back into position again when you get it. Oh, like rebuild it? Rebuild it. Like a jigsaw puzzle. You got piece number one that fits in the slab number B and block number C and all of that stuff. There you go. You guys are great, man. I love listening to this stuff. And I love that she got what she got there. She should have showed, like the other guy said, she should have showed you the jump. Well, thank you, Tom. But it happened. All right. Be good, guys. Look at the time. Yeah, with that, we got to get out of here. Yeah. Well, Bridget, thank you very much. Thank you. Ladies, great job. The J Sisters 35 West 57th Street, if you want to get your patch waxed. Right? Junk waxed. All right. Thank you, guys. We got to get out of here. We'll be back tomorrow at 2. Donna Mike are next. Thank you, Bridget. Thanks a lot. Bye bye. There they go. And we're out of here too. And we'll see you guys tomorrow.