 The OPM Anthony Show. There's a good example for a program. 1027 WNAW. Hi! It's the ONA Show. Rick's like, oh, worry that you're not going to come in when the music starts. We're professionals. Of course. I was leaking as you started that rejoiner bed. Leaking. Taking a leak. God damn, are we addicted to coffee? What's going on with that? What is up with that? Well, that's the thing too. We drink it and then we've got to take leaks, but we're not taking as many long breaks as we used to around here. Yeah. So we just wind up doing the pee-pee dance in the chair. I remember the days I'd get up for the radio show by doing like blow and stuff. Yeah. When was that? Just trying to act cool. Yeah, you're right. Cool. Drugs are cool. Who are you kidding, man? Know how many radio guys do blow? Blow. Blow. Yeah, we've known a few of them. A few? Anyway, how are you guys? I'm well. Good. I was hearing some stories from last night's little dinner festivities that you invited Spaz to. Well, does everyone know what's going on with that by now? Spaz wanted to hang out with the guys after the show. There are a lot of nights after the show we go out to eat and stuff, you know, shoot the ass, get some good show ideas, you know, just we kind of hang. Sure. And Spaz hasn't really been a part of that. No. Mostly because right after the show he's running to the Port Authority to get his train back to Rockland County, wherever the hell he lives. Yeah. So he was feeling slighted, so yesterday he said, Hey, I want to go with you guys. He wanted to get to know me a little better. So then, so we all went out. There was eight of us, Ann. I'm pissed that you didn't go. Eight of you went out to dinner. Eight guys, we went to Iguana. I want to thank the people at Iguana. They treat us nice. I'm just hearing nightmare stories about huge bills, most of which was for shots, people stiffing you on the tab. All right. Well, where do we begin? An embarrassing homo moment. I don't know. This is just what I'm hearing. Well, first of all, we get into Iguana. Let's start from the beginning. It's the awkward, okay, where's everyone going to sit? That's just not how guys do it. You just go out. You got eight guys, you go to dinner or whatever, you just sit down, order food and that's it. But see, Spaz wanted to get to know me outside the show, so now I felt obligated to sit next to Spaz. So I had to tell everyone, no, Spaz has to sit here, I'm going to sit here. Now there's like a seating thing. It was just awkward. What, Ben? I don't know. Have I told you lately? First of all, what I want to get off my chest is I'm not going out to dinner with any of these guys ever again. Well, now, see, you made this mistake a couple of times already. The last two weeks, the money that is flying out of my pocket is ridiculous. That's what I'm hearing. Because we've got a bunch of cheap Fs that work on this radio show. And if you're going to be a cheap F, you shouldn't be ordering round after round of five shots that cost eight bucks a shot. How much were those shots, really? They weren't cheap. Five or six bucks. They were probably like eight or nine. And you know me, I don't... Jägermeister and Patron Tequila, that's top of my line. And you know me, I don't really do a lot of drinking, especially during a school night as we like to call it. Maybe on the weekends I'll partake a little bit more. Like a bunch of guys hanging out doing shots. I mean, you probably weren't even involved in the shot doing that. I wasn't involved. I had a couple beers. That was it. So how much was the bill, Rick? Because Rick got stiffed the worst. Wait, I got stiffed. I got pretty screwed. 400 bucks. 400 bucks. The bill was $400. Yeah. Mostly for... Put it on my credit card. Well, mostly for booze. Because the iguana, I mean the prices are reasonable. It's good food, you know. But the entrees aren't 20, 30 bucks. The entrees are like 12, 14 bucks, times. Yeah. So I had that skewer thing on rice. It was like $12.95 on the menu and I had two Coronas. Corona light, whatever. You can abuse me because I drink light beer. Whatever. F, all right. So all of a sudden the bill comes after these guys order shots after shots after shots, because next thing you know we're celebrating Spaz's birthday. All I wanted was a quick meal after the show and crash. We're there for like three hours. They're ordering shots. Every five, ten minutes the Jägermeister's coming. Then they're ordering like penalty shots. What the hell is a penalty shot, Rick? A penalty shot? You never heard of a penalty shot? Okay. Because we made it up just last night. They made it up for Spaz. But it worked like a charm. Yeah, it worked like a charm. It made more money out of my goddamn pocket. Basically what we decided the penalty shot was, if you go to like, you know, cheer everybody, you know, everybody clinks glasses or whatever, and you miss one, the guy who misses has to buy the next round the shot. And we call it a penalty shot. How many shots did you guys order that I had nothing to do with? All of them. All of them. Not how many though? How many rounds? There's like four or five? At least four. At least four rounds. Four to five. Mike, what's going on? Yeah, man, this kind of reminds me of when I was, before I got married, when I get a message from a woman that would say, you know, we need to talk or I got a bone to pick with you. This is woman stuff and this thing was Spaz. I mean, that's why I got married so I didn't have to hear any of that crap from women anymore. I want to talk to you. We need to talk. I completely agree, Mike. Completely. Thank you. Earl, lock the door. Earl's going nowhere. Yeah. Alright, so besides everything that was going on, which we'll get to, let's get it off our chest with the bill. The bill was how much? You said $400 and how many? With tip $403. $403. Okay, $400. Let's just use Ant. Because if I'm out of line, Ant, you're more than welcome to say it. Technically, we're celebrating Spaz's birthday. I don't know how that started but we were. Okay, so I'll give it to the guys. They're ordering all the shots. I had no shots. Okay. First of all, the bill's $403. $403. How many guys are there? Eight guys. Okay. So basically right off the bat, that would mean $50 a guy. $50 each. You know something? Oh, I know you don't do shots or anything, a couple of beers, but you're out, everybody, I mean everybody, should have thrown in $50. That's the only way you handle stuff like that, is to throw in $50. Which is fine and I think you even agree with that. But when it gets to the point where you're throwing in 80, 90 bucks to compensate for someone that ain't putting in their share, then there's a problem. I'll be completely honest. I put in last night $47. Okay, that's fine. I had like the stupid skewers and coronas, two coronas. Tops should have cost me $25 before tips. Tops. So I figured an extra $20, $22 I'm covered. Because I'm not doing the shots with these guys. Well, give or take a buck or two, you put in your $50. I gave Rick another $10 today because I felt bad. So technically I put $57 in. All right. And Ben, I heard, just put in a load too. I put in a lot of money. And that first corona I paid for at the bar and we first got in there. Right. Because I bought everybody around when I get in, right. Right, but that doesn't count. I mean, if you're going to be a cool guy and just buy a round of beers, that's great. I mean, everyone does that. It's just one of those things to do, right? I'm just talking about the dinner tab at this point. Our boss went with us, Jeremy, he put in 80. Rick, how much did you put in? 60. 60. So you're $10 over. Ben? 70. 70. Where's spaz? Get spaz in here. Now here's the funny part, Ann. The bill comes, passes around the table and it lands on me. Okay. So I'm like, all right, I'll count up all the money. First pass around. Sure. The bill's 400 total. I counted out to 200 and no, $180. It's just like that. It's just the first go around. 180 bucks on a $400. Yeah, and you're sitting there like, you're sitting there like, now you've got to tell people to take more money out of that. Right. It's just who didn't put in. I'm not going around with you guys anymore. It's not enough. Okay. Well, that's the deal. When it's divvied up, it's easy. 400 bucks, eight people, 50 bucks a piece. That should have been it. No one should have been putting in 80, 70, 60, 50 bucks each. Now, okay, you put in, Ben put in huge amounts. Rick took care of it. Right. Who didn't put in to compensate for the huge amounts? Well, John, you're in this too, you idiot. How much did you put in last night? I put in 32 bucks. I gave him 10 bucks today. All right, so you're still $8 short. I can give him 8 bucks. I got a problem. He put 30 in last night. Now, taking up for it today, it doesn't really help. It's not as good because it was a pain in the ass last night. Right. So how much did you put in? In total, 42 bucks. No, last night. 32 bucks. So he alone is $18 short. Short. Tally up. Tally up. Okay. But wait, here's the good one. Here it comes. Earl, how much did you put in on a $400 bill? Including tip and everything. 15 bucks. 15 bucks. Jesus. 15 dollars. He can't go out to eat with us anymore. Earl, you're no longer invited. Earl. I thought everybody was paying for what they bought, but now do they know? No, no. Okay. No, it doesn't work that way. I didn't know. I swear to God. No. 15 bucks. That doesn't even cover what you ate. Yeah, that isn't even close. I didn't even eat dinner. Andy was doing shots. That ain't even close. And Spaz, how much did you put in last night? Spaz? 15 bucks. 15 bucks. 15 bucks. 15 bucks. 15 bucks. 15 bucks. 15 bucks. Spaz? Spaz, come on. 20. 20. 20 bucks. Now, ask him what he got off the menu to eat. What did you order last night? Steak. And how much was the steak on the menu? 20 bucks. He ordered a $20 steak. And he put in 20. He ordered a $20 steak. He had the appetizers. He had at least four shots. Plus beers. Plus three or four beers, right? I thought they were buying it for me. Oh my God. No, when you go out with a group of people, you don't assume that anyone's buying you anything. It's not like you're a girl and we're buying you dinner. It's the vision. It's the vision. It's the vision. It's a bunch of guys. I didn't ask for the bill. Divide the number of guys. Put that into the bill. So there you go. You have the bill by the number of guys and you have how much you each have to pay. Look, this makes sense. John was $18 short last night. Spaz was 30 bucks short last night. 30 bucks short. 35 bucks short last night. $35 short. And that's 30, 35, 18, 75. That's about 100 bucks. $85. Spaz puts in 20 bucks after Monday night spending $740 to stay one night at the St. Regis. Now he's a penny pincher. I put in 10 more today. 10 more today. Everyone's putting more in today. Because it was a big deal before the show. Because we all walked in pissed off because it took 20 minutes just to get enough money to pay the bill. The bill just had to keep going round and round the table. The whole thing was going. And these cheap F's are like slowly but surely going, all right, I'll put another five bucks in. Five bucks. We need another like 30 per guy at this point. Oh no, somebody's chucking me singles. You know there's trouble when you have $180 on a $400 tab and you start seeing the ones. Like, well, I was going to take a big stack of ones. And Rick was doing the counting so he keeps counting going, no, that can't be right. And he would count again. No, no, that can't be right. I thought I was like messed up from drinking. There's nothing worse. And Rick has a buzz going on so he's counting the money. And you know how he gets all giggly and laughing. You're just laughing. And I'm like at the other end of the table going, oh, this isn't good. That's why you will always see if I go out with a group of people, I will grab the check. First thing, look at the amount. Look at the amount of people. Divvy up my share. Put it in and state to the table, okay, I'm in for 50. Boom. And I'm done. I don't give a flying F. If the check makes the rounds and the last guy has only my 50 in his hand, I'm out of there. I did my part. I'm not putting in more for anybody slacking off. I'm not doing it. I did my part. Goodbye. Deal with it. Well, basically, we still didn't have enough cash. I don't care. I don't care. No, no, no. I'm talking about last night. So I had to crack out my credit card. Oh, no. And what did you do? So you took all the cash. I had to take the cash and be like, all right, I got to take people around. Who's making up for the 20% interest you're paying on that? Yeah. $400 check. And then at one point, Spaz is so drunk, he pulls out to the... I thought he was going for the new credit card. I got it. Do not pull out that stupid credit card again. I got it. I put it on my credit card. And then the waiter went from being in a good mood to, oh, my God, these guys, how are they going to fit me? Because he was standing. Did you know he was standing over your back the whole time as you're slowly but surely trying to figure out how we're going to pay for the meal last night? Yep. The same waiter that was all happy and singing Happy Birthday and... What was the actual tip? Like 70 bucks. Okay, 70 bucks. So he's figuring if you're scraping dollars together and you don't even have the check yet, the tab, he's getting F'd. Well, I guess that... No, he got... They threw the gratuity in. He gave him the 70 bucks. They included it because they probably saw it coming. Wow. Goddamn. Yeah. Yeah. You just can't go out with a group of... with this group of people. No. You know who's safe to go out with? Ben's safe. I've seen Ben foot the bell a couple of times. Ben's very safe. Rick's safe. Yeah. You're safe. Yeah. Oh, Spaz, put your hand down. Oh, sorry, Spaz. You are so not safe. Shut up. You're getting reamed. I know one night when we were all at Hooters, one night, remember that when Manny was here and we all went down to Hooters, I wound up pulling my credit card out that night and I chalked up like 230 bucks on the thing. You said you were going to pay for it. Come here. Come here. You said you were going to pay for it that night. Don't even tell me that. I said I was going to pay for it. You said don't worry about it. I'll get the bill. After the check came, yeah, and I saw that no one was going to be fessing up. This was a huge amount of cash. You didn't give us a chance to go into our wallet. Oh, stop. Oh, just stop. Oh, God. You don't throw the garbage at me. Are we bonding? Are we bonding? Are we bonding? Are we bonding, Spath? Don't call me cheap on that because you were cheap last night. Last night was one night. Earl was cheap, but you guys all had fun drinking the shots. That five or six dollars a pop? More. That was more than five or six. Those are like eight dollar shots. Eight dollar shots. Easily. You'll have money tomorrow. No, I didn't know, so I'm not a deadbeat. Earl, I don't think we expect 50 because if you just had an appetizer and you weren't drinking, okay, but you could... What? You had a shot. You forced him to do a half a shot. I didn't do a half a shot. I did like a quarter shot. No, honestly, I thought everybody was just paying for what they bought. Had I known, I would have called... It should work that way. I didn't know. It should work that way to a point. I mean, when like... Yeah, if somebody's getting a 20 dollar steak and eight beers, yeah, you know, they should chip in a little more. What you've got to do is you've got to figure out what you're going to throw in. Wow, I always drink a lot more than everyone and I ordered the... I mean, I'm not going to drink a lot more than everyone. I'm going to drink a lot more than everyone. Wow, I always drink a lot more than everyone and I ordered the 20 dollar steak. Maybe I'll... All right, if it's 50 bucks a man, maybe I should put 70 in. Right. You know? I don't know. I'm from the camp where you just divvy it up. I don't care if you had a salad and water. If you're drinking with everybody, you're hanging out, you're going to have to do it that way. There was no way at that point you could divvy up what everyone had. That's why. That's why. If you want a separate check before things start, you tell the person, give me a separate check. A lot of people are saying on the phone lines, Spaz should not have paid. This was not supposed to be Spaz's birthday. These idiots turned it into that because they want to get him hammered again. Right. We didn't go out with the intention of saying, hey, Spaz, we're doing this for you so don't bother paying anything. Right. Because this has happened to me in the past too. I had another restaurant, Matt's. It's Matt's, right? Matt's, yeah. I go there for a beer and a stupid chicken sandwich. You know? All of a sudden they decide that Spaz needs to try martinis for the first time so they're ordering rounds of martinis. Next thing I know, my stupid sandwich and a beer has cost me another 50 or 60 bucks. When you see stuff like this starting, if you want to punch out, you punch out early. You say, I need a separate check. That's ... Well, that's why. It's a douche move too. It is. I know it is. But I mean, if you're going to get that way about it, if you're not going to divvy up even, then you've got to get the separate check. Yeah. I mean, I see a few sides to this ... No, I just did ... No, you don't really see the true side of this because you haven't been out with these guys. These guys are a bunch of luscious. I tend to drink them myself. I understand. Not to the point that these guys get going. There's almost fist fights at the table because they're so drunk. Of course. Guess who starts with the racial stuff? Oh, let me guess. Hmm. Hmm. Yeah. Oh, yeah, right. Earl. No, I think Spaz. Earl is the target. Spaz. Spaz starts saying, how much is that Earl in the window? Oh. And he starts doing monkey sounds. Oh my God. Are you kidding? These two sounds, two beats. So, Spaz, everyone wants to know how our little dinner went. I sat next to you. Yes. We talked a little bit. Yes. How did it go for you? You opened up a little bit. Opened up? Oh. I did not open up a little bit. Oh, I know. You're entertaining my questions. Oh, no. And he wants to hang out with our boss, the big boss. What? Ken? Ken. What do you want to hang out with Ken? The general manager. He wants to get to know him outside the station. I don't want to hang out with Ken. No, but I only want to hang out with Ken. I don't want to hang out with Ken. You don't want to get too close to the big boss. Big boss. You keep it professional and that's it. No, he wants to get to know him outside the station, he said. Why? Maybe have a few beers with Ken. Ken doesn't even know who you are. Yeah, I know. Oh, my God. People are laughing out there. You don't get to try to know the big, big, big, big boss. Like, Ken is at the top of the boss hierarchy here at this station. And you want to hang out with him. Why don't you at least say hello to me? I want to go to Blackrock and meet Mel. It's a good thing it doesn't work at Microsoft. Hello, Bill Gates? Bill Gates said, I'm having a problem installing my video card. I thought maybe you could come over and we'll have a couple beers and you can help me put it in. Spence, you just don't understand how a work environment works, do you? Do you hang with Jeremy? Yes, Opie, and it's Jeremy. It's our boss. He's like, we have to hang with him. He's the liaison from this show to management. Right. So why can't I hang too? Well, because you're not even qualified to hang with Rick. Holy mother of pearl. You're barely qualified to hang with Rick. Unbelievable. Or am I not a part of the show? Dude, I go to lunch with Jeremy at least once a week, sometimes twice a week. I see him as soon as I get into work to talk about the show. There are roles people have on this program and in this company. Now, Opie's role as being a part of the Opie and Anthony show and being like one half of Opie and Anthony is to talk with the boss, with Jeremy. I'm the liaison for Antoni. Yeah. So I discuss the issues of the show. I discuss what we need in the future. I discuss road shows. So why would you have a relationship with Jeremy? Because he's my boss. Just say hi to him. That's all you need to do. Wave to him in the hall. I barely qualified to hang with Rick. Yeah. Look how hurt he looks. So I can't hang with you? But then like Rick's on the other side, like Jeremy's on this side and Rick's on the other side, then Rick and I have the liaison thing going with stuff. So you're below that. I know I'm below that, but I still can't hang. I think you're below that even. What? I would say. But he wants to go in, like go down the hall right now because he's leaving to catch a train and go down, Rick, go with him and tell Ken you want to go hang out and have some beers one day. I want to see what he says. Get a phone. Get a phone. I got to hear this. Do you know what my relationship with Ken Stevens is, our boss? How you doing? Hi. We have a problem with another station in the Infinity family coming to my office. That's pretty much it. That is it. It's not there's nothing there where it's like, hey, Ken, you know, thinking maybe after the show or, you know, we'll go out a couple of beers. I mean, I wouldn't even think of that. I just want to hello. Hello. Hello. What do you think this is? Daycare? Yeah. This is the real world. This is how it works in an office atmosphere. This isn't Disneyland. Everybody's happy and waving to each other in goofy costumes. Hello, spazzle. You're a guest here at N.E.W. I just want camaraderie. Three-finnered white gloves, hands waving at you down the hallway. Hello. Hello. We have camaraderie. Below people. There's a hierarchy here. The fact is we abuse you. We ride you really hard every day. But the fact is if anyone from the outside tries to, you know, attack you, I'm going to, you know, I'll defend you. See, we have camaraderie that way. You're like the retard in a family. Even though they make fun of him and stuff behind his back. Right. But if anyone outside the family makes fun of him, you know, that's not cool. Only we could make fun of you. We could make fun of you. Timber. I'm not retarded though. Just see how fucked that was. They've lost their effing minds, man. Matt and Trey. Yeah. They had a retarded kid in a little wheelchair and all they said was Timber. Timber. Timber. We ended up being the singer in a rock band. Why do we have spazz in a wheelchair all day? No. Just screaming Timber. It's like old drooling. You have this huge light bulb shaped head and these teeth that stuck out. Right in there. Mr. Garrison was yelling at him because he wasn't paying attention. Okay. Okay. Like hey, he's retarded. Yeah. Don't use that kind of language. And then spazz, we're waiting to see if we can get our boss on the phone because spazz wants to ask him for beers. Spazz said he's going to write down our little dinner on his calendar. The same calendar that he wrote down. We had to run people away. What? When you were cheating on your girlfriend, you wrote it down on the calendar that you and your girlfriend share in your apartment. So you wrote down that you went out to dinner with Opie. Did you write it down yet? Not yet. What are you going to write down? That it went well? No, no. I just write down dinner with NW Crew conversation with Opie. What were you going to write down originally then? Dinner with Opie. And no one else? There were seven guys there. Did you tell Jeremy FU last night? Well, he gave him the finger. You gave Jeremy the finger? Yeah. What was that all about? Ken is on his way to the airport. Oh, there you go. Hey, Ken. Hey, Ken. Hello. It's Opie and Anthony. We got you on the air. Opie and Anthony, how are you doing? Hey, what's up? See, this is the most we've talked to Ken in the last month, right? Absolutely. I don't think we've ever talked to him on the air. Ken, do you know who Spaz is? Yeah. Yeah, I've seen him in the hallway. You've seen him in the hallway. You've never officially talked to him, right? I've never spoken one word to Spaz. Because there's no real reason, right? Let's be honest here. Right. Correct. This is the big boss. He's in charge of the station. It doesn't get any bigger than Ken. Spaz? What? I think we should let Spaz maybe tell him why we're even calling Ken right now. Yeah, we're bothering Ken. He's rushing out. Where are you, Ken? Like on the streets right now? I'm in the train station waiting for a train. Waiting for a train. But what, you're going back to Washington? Philadelphia. Oh, Philly. That's right. Very busy man. He runs like, I don't know, I think he runs like 10 stations for the company. He's flying all over the country for a infinity. Yeah. And Spaz wants a moment of your time. Spaz? Okay. No problem. Okay, Spaz, here he is. The big boss man that you have never talked to. You've seen him in the hall. We've hooked you up. We've hooked you up. I just wanted to know if maybe you could at least say hello to each other in the hallways because I noticed that sometimes you put your head down when you walk by me. I'm sure that's not on purpose. He's very busy when I see you in the hallway. He's a busy man. That's true. Absolutely. Just if you say hello, I'll say hello. Okay, I just thought you didn't think I worked here or anything. And Spaz, maybe now is a good chance since that went so well, you could approach him with maybe some of the other ideas you've had. Yes. That's fine. He doesn't sound very happy. A relationship. No, just a little nervous talking to the big boss. Because we never spoke to each other before. Yeah. That's true. I also had the idea of maybe just, I don't know, this is probably going too far, but hanging out one night for a couple of beers. Just to know who I am. You're right. That's going too far. A couple of beers. A couple of beers. Like drinking buddies. Why don't we start with a cup of coffee in the hallway? And a hello. And work our way up for a couple of beers. A couple of beers. Once the big, big, big, big, big boss' home number starts to talk to him too. That might be going too far. I think so. Look at that, a foot in the door, Spaz. You've already had a little relationship on the phone with Ken. Anything else? Because he's not going to talk to you next time he sees you. It was worth the shot anyway. Any final words for Ken? Do you want to maybe get him some flowers or something? No. I appreciate it and hello. He's saying hi, Ken. What did he say? I appreciate it and what? He's saying hello. Now I guess it's your chance to reciprocate. I can't hear him very well. Listen, stop in my office anytime. Okay. I will take you up on that. Bring coffee. We'll talk. Oh boy. There you go, Spaz. Make sure you're wearing your hockey helmet, Spaz. All right, Ken. Sorry to bother you. That's okay. Thanks for introducing us. No problem. All right, there he goes, Ken. There he is. He is the boss of this radio station. How did it go, Spaz? I think it went well. Do you feel better about your relationship now with Ken Stevens? We'll see when we pass each other the hoes. And how about Jeremy? Is he around? Yeah, get Jeremy because Jeremy is here, live. Yeah, Spaz gave him the finger. Now just to help everyone with the hierarchy here, Ken is like the man at this station. There's no one higher. And then Jeremy, I guess, officially would be the next in line, right? Right. He's in charge of the programming side of the station. Ken is in charge of the whole station, which means programming and sales. He is the intermediary between us and Ken, pretty much, and the rest of Infinity Management. If we have a problem or they have a problem, Jeremy is the in-between. Let's put it this way. Not to toot our own horns, but we are very, very important to this station and Ken. And that's the most we have talked to Ken in the last month. Right. Yeah, that's pretty much the most we've spoken with Ken right there. You heard it on the air. Because there's no reason to. And Spaz just do the job. Hammering out a relationship with Ken. Unless they go and have beers with him. A couple of beers and then they go. Can you imagine them? Say, Ken Stevens. Ken Stevens. The guy's waiting for a train. Because he runs so many damn stations for this company. And Spaz wants a few minutes of his time to have a few beers. Ken Stevens who, I mean, year round going to these huge corporate meetings with other general managers and the big bosses, the presidents and vice presidents of this company. If you have a couple of minutes to spend at a bar with Spaz for a couple of beers, yeah, maybe that'll work. At least you tried there. Now we have Jeremy in the studio. Jeremy's here in the studio now. Now Jeremy made it out to dinner with us last night. Yes. And Spaz thought that he was feeling so comfortable in front of Jeremy that he would give him the finger. You know how when you become good friends with somebody, you start going, I F you, man. And it's fun. It's a joke. But if you walked up to someone on the street and just said F you, you'd probably get hit. I got to admit, that's my surprise. Did it? Yeah, I was not expecting that. I wouldn't think you would. Why would you expect an employee of this company who you barely have said two words to? You haven't talked to Spaz much, right, Jeremy? No, not very much. We say hi in the halls, though. All right. There you go. So you got that going for you, Spaz. He actually says hi to you in the halls. Ken doesn't, looks the other way. Better get that Christmas list updated. I'm sure the cards will be being sent out now that you're saying hi in the hall. So why did you feel that you went from just saying hi to Jeremy in the halls, not ever really having a conversation, to giving him a finger? What changed that made you feel comfortable enough to go that far with your relationship with your boss? I didn't really notice I did it until somebody pointed out that I did it. I was drunk. So I turned around to Jeremy and I said, I didn't mean to say F you. And I said the real word. So I went, no, I didn't really say F you. I just took up the middle finger. I didn't really mean to say go F yourself. Well, you pretty much did, though. Now, what made you do that? Did Jeremy say something to you or to the table that you didn't agree with? I have no clue. You just felt an urge to flip off your boss. No, because in like a couple seconds before that, Stinky was just berating me. So Rick just said, just don't tell him to go F himself. So I did. So I had that fresh in my mind. And that's probably why I just did it to Jeremy. So I caught his fire? Yeah. I mean, Stinky said, pisses you off and you flip off your boss. Stinky the intern? See, before you go out to have beers with Ken, you better make sure that you don't give him the finger. But I apologize. Because he won't be as understanding. I apologize profusely. I can't wait to go out with Ken and kick him in the nose. You're out of your mind, man. He is out of his mind. Everyone was in shock. You didn't take it the wrong way, did you? What other way? You had the best escape. There's no other way to take the finger. Yeah. I didn't mean it. Fantastic. I don't think Jeremy's ever going out to eat with us again. I wouldn't either. Jeremy, how much did you have to cough up? 80? The boss had to cough up 80. 80 bucks. That's not cool. Because Earl put in 15 and Spaz put in 20. I put in 10 today. Oh, please today. It doesn't matter. You're still $20 short. You're still short, yeah. And I put in an extra 10 for you. Yes. So now what type of relationship would you like to have with Jeremy? I'm not trying to bite off for you, but I want the same kind of relationship that Opie has. Well, you can get the same kind of ratings Opie gets. So you're thinking maybe you come in early, maybe go to the sushi place with Jeremy. Talk about the show, ideas for promotions and stuff. I think I'm going to have a few ideas for the station. He's bringing in a tape. He wants Jeremy to hear his best radio show ever where he did a Mike Tyson impression and stuff. He's convinced that after Jeremy hears this tape that Jeremy's going to suggest that Spaz works at one of the stations in this company. It is true that I did learn new things about Spaz last night. Yeah. Like his history with his college radio station. Yeah, we heard you were president of your college radio station. Yes, and the tie that I have with Jeremy is that we both went to the same intercollegiate broadcast system convention. Different years. Different years. I stood in the same train station that he once stood in. Like going to McDonald's, dude. It's not a connection. That's the same like the building. No, we both went to the same convention, but different years. So it was the same type of convention. I drank water from the same water supply. So after doing a shot with Jeremy last night and the rest of the gang at the table, do you feel closer to the boss? Yes, but to be kind of drifted with the middle finger thing. Yeah. You might have pulled that out a little prematurely, I would say. Yeah. And to be honest, most people would fire you over that. Yeah. You just can't give your boss the finger. I didn't mean it and I hope it didn't put a rift. A rift. In what? There's nothing to rift. Okay. I think you're thinking there's more there than is. And know what a lot of people are starting to say about Spaz? That he's like the single white female. Yeah. He's just clinging on to things and stalking almost. I just want to be everybody's friend. Everybody's friend. He's going to start eating sushi every day and you know. Timber. Wow. All right. All right. Jeremy, Spaz talked to Ken today. Did you hear that? Spaz was just on the phone with Ken. That sounded good like they hammered out a relationship. I think another day or two of talking to Ken and Spaz is ready to flip him off. You got further with Ken than most employees do over years. Yeah. I'm not sure that's thanks to Opi and Anthony but. Yeah. You have talked to Ken more than him. Yeah. You know why? We choose not to talk to Ken. It's not a good thing. You want to avoid conversations with Ken because usually if you're talking to Ken there's a problem. Yeah. No. I just want to be able to say hello to him and maybe say how's your day going type thing. Just be thankful you walk the halls every day. Don't start relationships with the boss. Right. I just want to be everybody's friend. I just want to be friendly. I just want to be everyone's friend. All right Spaz. Great job. Thank you. Even though it's real. I know. That's frightening. All right. Thank you. Well we broke the ice with you and the big boss. There. We'll see. We'll see if he fires you tomorrow. Total relationship. He'll just be employed on the air. Sackamark just comes in shaking his head. It's bad. I know. You are definitely crazy. No one else around here wants Ken to talk to them. If he's not talking to you that means you're still doing a good job. Be friendly. He thinks this is daycare. Go take your little rug and go take a nappy. His mat. His mat. His rug mat. Put your coat in the cubby. Everyone on the phone is saying Spaz you're digging yourself into it. Yeah. Let me talk to Bill real fast. Bill what's going on? Hey listen. Take that shovel out of his hand and give him a much smaller one. Yeah I know. Because he's digging himself real fast to a grave. Yeah. I can't believe this guy is for real. He's for real. It's frightening. When he goes home does he put on a football helmet, jump in the Tart Cart and just go? That's hard. What is this? Seriously. I don't care what you do for a living. I think everyone could agree. You just don't want to have a relationship with the big boss. There are rules and ways things happen that aren't written. He walks down the hall and you make sure you don't even make eye contact. You make believe you're busy and you're looking at something else. It's true. That's how things happen. There's an unwritten way that things happen. There's like a code. It just happens. You don't point out that we have to say hi in the hallway. Because now when you see Ken in the hallway do you know how friggin' awkward that's going to be? Now you're going to feel obligated. He's going to feel obligated to say hi and make a point of looking at you and going hello. And it's not going to be real. It's bad. The way you do it is just by walking through the hall you say oh hi. And then he says hi and before you know it you're just saying hi. So bad. So so stupid. Yeah, go ahead Bill. Hey, Spaz. Yeah? Let me ask you a question. I think you had a shot that should have ran down your father's leg. Oh, that's very... All right, Bill. I think there's only one day of the year where you could open up to the big boss. Yeah. Christmas party. Ah, that's true. It's kind of like unwritten rules there where you could get a little loose. Everyone's drinking. They're celebrating another fine year in the company or something. And then maybe you could like have a little fun with the boss. Everyone's a little liquored up. A little liquored up. Dude, he almost blew that last Christmas. What do you mean? With Scott. Oh, our old boss. And Scott was a hell of a lot more approachable than Ken is. Yeah, but that's the only day, you know? You might even get away with giving him the finger. Yeah, the New Year's Eve phone call to Scott Herman. Aw, Spaz. Why don't you enlighten everybody on that one? Why did you feel compelled to call Scott Herman? Scott Herman, who was the old Ken, so the big, big, big boss man, New Year's Eve this past few months ago, Spaz decided to call him on New Year's Eve. Was he still in the office? Yeah, Infinity was worried about Y2K problems, so all the GMs had to stay at their posts. And you called him up in his office. He had his wife and family here at a quarter to 12. And what did you have to tell him? I just wanted to wish him a happy New Year, and I hope everything goes well. And by a quarter to 12 on New Year's Eve, how intoxicated were you, Spaz? So little tipsy. What are you, nuts? Drunk, calling the boss. Calling the big boss drunk on New Year's Eve. That's a great thing to do. You are a brown nose. You don't even call Aunt Nye. I didn't have your numbers at that time. Well, thank God, but still. You call us before the big boss man, drunk on New Year's Eve at 11.45. And what did he say to you? Oh, no, I got his voicemail. He didn't even pick up. Well, that's called screening. Oh, yeah. Hello, is anyone there? Hello. Right. Scott, pick up, pick up. Yeah, do the whole thing with Scott probably doing the message. Happy New Year. Here's the message. Hello, this is Scott Herman, WNEW. Please leave your message after the tone and somebody will get back to you. Hello, Scott. It's Kevin. It's a quarter to 12. I'm a little tipsy. I just want to wish you and yours a very happy New Year. Look, Scott, pick up. I know you're there. Okay? Look, I'm right downstairs and I peeked upstairs and I saw you and your family in the office. Now, I just want to be loved. Is that so wrong? Of course he was in his office. He was right next to the phone. Where else was he going to be? Pick up, I know you're there. I'm watching you. You're in your chair. I'm holding one of your sons hostage right now until you pick up. All right. Spaz, the single white female. Thank you. You're in my crosshairs, Scott. Don't make me pull this trigger. Pick up. We have a guy in the line who wants to be Spaz's big brother. He can show you some love. Is that the problem? You didn't get love from daddy? Tony, what's up? How are you doing, guys? Hey, you want to be Spaz's big brother? Yeah, I'm freaking out. He needs a friend. I'm willing to have a friend. Every guy should have his own Spaz. So long as he doesn't mind cleaning my pool and maybe doing some weaving around the house. I can have him down on weekends. Maybe at the end of the summer I'll take him to Great Adventure or something. How would you like to mow my lawn? Huh? All right, Tony, thank you. Thanks, guys. You're welcome. That's a good idea. That's a good promotion. Why? To be Spaz's big brother for a day. To be his pal. So you have to come up with a whole day of activities that you can enjoy with Spaz. Are you my pal, Spaz? Take him to a baseball game. Yeah. What would you like to do with your big brother, Spaz? I have plenty of friends. I'd just like to be friendly with the people I'm with around. All right, here's a tip. Don't try so hard. Just let it happen. Yeah, see, you can't make things like that happen. You just made us call Ken at a train station on the way to another radio station. So he'll say hello to you in the hallway. He didn't have to. Probably would have came out on his own. You better get him some type of gift now. I think a 40 gift. Like flowers or something. Yeah, we're not talking a night at the same Regis, dude. Paul J., maybe you should inform Spaz that one of the incentives of upper management is you don't have to have relationships with people who don't matter. That's so true. Spaz just wants friends that aren't. Hey, know how messed up that is? That's like you and I. What did he say? What? Don't even go there. What happened? Oh, dude. What did he say? What did I say? I'm tired of that crap. That's not true. So just lay off of it. I missed it, though. I said Spaz just wants to have friends that are guys that aren't banging his... Oh. They're not banging her. We're just going to go there. What the crap? Jesus Christ. This is places you don't go. That's a whole other story. That could get out of hand. Anyway, there is no story. Do you think Spaz is exhibiting Rupert Pupkin-like tendencies? Yes! Rupert Pupkin, the king of comedy. You ever see that movie? Robert De Niro, Jerry Lewis. Oh, it's Rupert Pupkin. Oh, it's Rupert Pupkin. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Oh, it's classic. Rupert is delusional into thinking he's bigger than life, bigger than he is with celebrities and people in the industry. You ever see that, Spaz? No. You should rent that. You should rent it. It's pretty good. Rent Single White Female. Rent King of Comedy. Hand that Rocks the Cradle. Hand that Rocks the Cradle. I've seen those too. And also The Jerk by Steve Martin. Okay. For your credit card woes. I'd like to put those videos on my credit card. All right, we've got to take a break. We have just begun this fine radio show. Yes. Thanks, Spaz. Thank you, Spaz. Hopefully you're in a better position now with the bosses. And thank you, Jeremy. Jeremy, feeling better about your relationship with Spaz? Much better. Thank you. Great. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. I'm going to go to the studio. There's a psychologist checking in with something serious. And we've got to take a break. Running very late once again today. Yeah. Boy, but that's some good stuff right there. Oh my God. All right. Our phone line is 212-757-1027. What do we have for the real show today, Ann? Your brother's coming in with a song? My brother is coming in. He's got a couple of songs. All right. One very appropriate. Well, both of them for today. He's got a spaz song. Okay. And something that might fit into the inappropriate song contest that we haven't really hit on because we haven't gotten that many good songs lately. Yes, it's a Columbine anniversary song. Hold on to your hats. All right. He should be in soon with that, right? Yeah. We've got some audio of Bridget's waxing we've got to get to today. We have, I know, we have that, we have that. Got to save some nuggets for the folks. And I think we got to play the latest Anthony outtake tape. Oh, great. Good, good. Matter of fact, we'll do that next right after this. Stay there. Opie, Opie, Opie, Opie, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Anthony, Really? I wonder if that's true or not. I'm sure we could get a bunch of phone calls and emails about that. If anyone can confirm that, I'm curious. All right. So what's going on with Elian Gonzalez? What's the latest Anthony? I have no clue. I believe, I believe they're saying he could stay in the country for the time being is the latest news. For now. and all those losers camping outside the house down there in miami jumping up and down crying like uh... like we just want to war or something i don't i don't get it and i think after uh... this whole thing blows over whether he goes back or stays here for good no one's gonna care once like the whole thing's done with you think these masses of people are going to give a flying f about and i had people have too much time on their hands well i mean now stood outside his house and and they're a hug in and crying and given high-fives it's like don't them job don't they are i a m's exactly they obviously don't have jobs and lives in their something else to to rally behind not only people need help in this country and your camp outside this kid's house day after day waiting for him to leave his house to slide up slide down the slide or play with that hot and of his i think that's getting played out a little bit so uh... the hot and the hot and they they need that new angles with the story so now they're all over that and like look at the hot and play with the kid in the new angle it is right old angle known can't have any of the future and i see an animal something only hot and yeah yeah it's like a circus down there to tell the kid wants to go outside and play every day right now so now they it's probably a big deal inside the house is like okay everyone's waiting for us to make our parents today yeah you know what we're going to do today should we make believe you know uh... i don't know will will wrestle on the front lawn for a while and make believe that we don't have a thousand people looking at us and all the and let you know when growing right can be so awkward now it so then they play for a while and they go back inside and everyone waits we have the next appearance of the kid out out in his yard if he sees a shadow of the pierre the more numbers are something i don't know how it is uh... but i guess the latest estate for a while now i really don't even i'm so done with that story it's like off who cares send back or he stays at this point i don't care just that whatever yellows why is this such a huge store i don't know i i i i really don't know anymore i just want that and to come up to new york and uh... he was being for a day because i don't know uh... and and from the list book out of her june and i don't think that i don't think so and uh... and uh... and uh... she's a hoochie mama hoochie mama yeah she's nothing but a hoochie mama she's a piece of ass i want to touch it i want to touch it that's going way back on our show i want to touch it i want to touch it that got me in so much freaking trouble that day all the girls his cousin whatever cousin and who cares thank you jacob though for correcting us yeah you need that accurate information here on the opi and anthony show right doesn't matter uh... greg what's going on and i'd call to confirm the welling on hero well you know yeah i just saw i was in the kitchen get from the e-tron that was on uh... that was a uh... a while sign or an actual boobs it was actual books did i mean i was written on a stomach actually all right and i guess they're going to commercial or comment from it and uh... you know i which i just turned my head it was there about that uh... colman thank you yet talked about it by federal one of the ladies can start flashing their boobs on live tv there's no no no they could do yet there's nothing to do you know about it and worry i think they all think they're going to go to prison if they flash the uh... news cameras yeah uh... soprano makes a good point from foundry music dot com hello is it going to take before the uh... that the cousin uh... poses and playboy i think that issue of point out uh... only if i were the big boss i'd add another year to your syndication sentence as punishment for introducing uh... spats to the big boss man that's true uh... we're getting lots of requests for the latest uh... anthony outtake real not great this one is classic you had to do what a nine-second uh... what they call on the land and and right now and you know you hear the commercial net the anus like you know you know stop by and sunday for a car for a moment more more more more more so that so and had a really good nine-second uh... piece of copy about some special on wiper blades uh... at uh... strouse for bosh micro excel and tripwired wiper play i don't know even though it was like a tongue twister was very hard to say in one fluid sentence you know with the announcer type one here and cycle mark was uh... rolling tape of course and here's anthony at his best check it out well i got a set with which ones all of them bosh micro edge excel wiper blades and see you weekly see you a clear with bach and i would love to see you a clear with bosh micro ed excel wiper blades right now it's strouse bach micro-edged excel yet it's like all i got bosh micro edged wiper blades bosh micro edged wiper blades cw clear with bosh micro edged excel wiper blades right now it's strouse bike bike bike roadside and wait you've got any uh... okay cw clear with bosh micro edged excel wiper blades right now it's strouse bob bob take it from there see you a clear with bosh micro edged excel wiper blades right now it's strouse bosh micro edged wiper that's wrong holy cw clear with bosh micro edged excel wiper blades right now at strouse bach micro-edged wiper bwiper but you know why it doesn't say excel and the second one cw clear with bosh micro edged excel wiper blades right now it's strouse bach bach are you kidding me but i'll keep trying cw clear with bosh micro-edged excel wiper blades right now at strouse strouse It's f***ing impossible! This is a tongue twister! CUA clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch Micro Edge Wiper Blades or... F***, I almost had it. $9.99 each, okay. CUA clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss... F***, it's Strauss... I'm like anticipating the pandemonium before it even starts. You're f***ing tall. Oh man. CUA clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch... CUA... Holy f***. CUA clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch Micro Edge Wiper Blades or... $9.99 each, save on Bosch Wip... F***. Oh, you had it! I totally had it. Ready? CUA clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch Micro Edge Wiper Blades or... $9.99 each, save on Bosch Wiper Blades at... God, motherf***er! Almost had it. CUA clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch Micro Edge Wiper Blades or... $9.99 each, save on Bosch Wiper Blades at Strauss Auto... F*** you, f***! F*** you, you motherf***er! Holy f***! Cancel your appointments. CUA clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades... This ain't gonna work. Holy f***. F*** the Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. CUA clear with Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades. Right now it's Strauss Bosch Micro Edge Excel Wiper Blades or... Bosch Wiper Blades are priced at only $9.99 each, save on Bosch Wiper Blades at Strauss Discount Auto. F***ing Bosch Wiper Blades, my c***! You know how we love doing those, Arthur? I love the odd takes. A little rough. The funny thing is that's like about four minutes. Psycho Mark said he had to cut it down and then you... He had like seven or eight minutes of material. Eight minutes to throw down something that took ten seconds, nine seconds. Yeah. Great. Uh, Donald from White Plains, there are so many bleeps in this bit I thought a truck was backing up. Yeah. Alright, quick break, we'll be back. St. Opie and Anthony Show. Let's start track of the disaster. 1027, W-A-T-W. And St. Opie and Anthony Show. Yo. 212-757-1027 is our phone number, you should have that close to you. You never know when you're gonna want to call up and comment about the crap we're talking about. Yeah. And Anthony, I am in such a good mood. Why? My day was just made. You heard me take that phone call during commercials. Now I understand why. I am so apt this weekend, but I don't even care. No, it's a holiday weekend, of course Sunday, Easter. Opie, you, uh... Sunday's Easter. Uh, Opie, you can't say F-Easter. Uh, sorry. Like that. Um, I had to jump out of you. I am in so much trouble this weekend, it's not even funny, because, uh... You probably celebrate Easter with your family, right? Uh, sort of, you know, I'd say. It's whatever. Well, at least the girlfriend maybe. I was supposed to go to brunch with Sandy and her family, spend some time with my family later on in the day, Sunday. Opie, I'd like to invite you over for Easter, Easter dinner. But I just got the call, Anthony. Yeah. Guess where I'll be Sunday instead of spending Easter with my girlfriend and her family and then spending some time with my family. Well, it wouldn't be fair for me to guess. For this holy, holy holiday. I heard the phone call. That is Easter. I heard the call, so it wouldn't be quite fair for me. I'm going to be at the garden with the rest of the Jews, baby. Woo! At the Nick game. Go Knicks, go! The Nick playoff game, right? I just got the call. Yeah. I have a couple tickets for Sunday's game, Anthony, as the playoffs begin. So it's going to be Opie and, uh, Jews. I'm going to wear one of those, uh... Yamaka? Yamaka things. I'm going to wear Yamaka and Bobby pin it to your hair? I've seen some, like, blondes with that on. Sure. I'll fit in somehow. I'll have a Go Knicks, Go Yamaka on my head. Oh, that's a good idea. Wow. I am so scared. Yeah, now wait a minute. But you know what? I don't even care. What are the repercussions here? It could be ugly, yes. Yeah. Yes. Now, is Sandy going to get angry? Let's put it this way. And your new groovy bachelor part, uh, bachelor pad, do you have a pull-out couch, Anthony? I may need it for a few days. No, Opie, I'm sorry. Damn. That's okay. Just get one of those free hotel rooms. Shut up. Don't blow my deal. Have Spaz pay for it. Stay at the St. Regis. Dude, I am so screwed. And I don't even care. Now, who did you already have plans with? Honestly, I had serious plans. I had a brunch to go to on Sunday with Sandy and Rick and their family. Oh, no. As you know, I go out with Rick's sister. Yes. The lovely and talented Sandy. So you're in big trouble. Nice try. Rick knows. He knows. Rick, how screwed am I? You want to screw me? I might have to get a place with Spaz. I don't even care, man. The family will understand because I may be a little bit of a jerk. Oh, you have a few tickets. Yes, so that will soften the blow on my side of the family. So you're going to have to find somebody else that's going to piss people off. Yes. All right. Yes. I can see you taking your dad. Amanda, what's going on? Hi, guys. Amanda, I love you guys. We love you. I just wanted to say, I'm Jewish and my boyfriend and all friends love to meet. I'm going to be a Jewish friend. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. I'm going to be Jewish. It's supposed to be true until they get married. That's what the joke is. I think the garden is going to be filled with Jews on Sunday and opi. Yes, absolutely. I cannot wait. Go Jews. All right, bye. So you're not going to have... The only reason I got to take this was because the person that did call the show, you know, he can use them because he is going to celebrate Easter. So now you know Easter dinner. Look at all the people calling in. I'll take the... And they're all Jewish names. Jacob, I'll take the tickets. It's unfair to your family. God am I psyched because I wasn't sure I was going to get some playoff tickets this year. Opi, it's... I would like to go with you. Can I have the other ticket? I'll buy it on my credit card. All right. Well, there you have it. The marijuana stuff. Lucky you. Everyone is talking about 420. It's the national holiday of pot smokers everywhere. National holiday today of pot smokers? 420. I know 420. It's 420 and the day is 420. So a lot of people counting on something from us, I guess. I guess so. This is a quick little ditty. We'll play like the first minute of this. Marijuana, marijuana, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, now the song gets stupid after that. The first part is really, really good though. Real fast, I've got to go to John. John, what's going on, man? Hey, Opie, this is going to be so worth it for you on Sunday, man. Every year I go to Motley Crue by myself, just me and 17,000 of my best friends, and I am screwed for days for my wife, but it is worth it. Yeah, sometimes you just got to say what the F. Exactly, what the F, man. Honey, I know I'm going to get in trouble. I'll make it up to you. See ya! Yeah, best line ever uttered in the movies, sometimes you got to say what the F, from rescue business. Exactly, exactly. I mean, who are you kidding? Nick's? Nick's in the Raptor Sunday at the Garden, I'm there. Or a family dinner. Or a family dinner, exactly. Opie, the Goldstein family checking in. We'll see you at the Garden. Yeah, good. Go for it, and you guys talk, okay? All right. I'm going to be hanging out with all my Jewish brothers and friends Sunday at the Garden. How stupid is it to schedule a game for Easter Sunday? Well, they know they'll pack it out. Come on, it's New York. It's a melting pot. Not everybody celebrates Easter. Yeah. Right? Yes. But sometimes you just got to say, you know what? I don't care about the consequences. I don't know. You'll probably be pretty screwed, Opie. Huh? Well, I know that. That's why I'm playing it up here on the air, because it will be hell. Easter Sunday. Yeah, but I mean... I mean, I think the Easter Sunday functions are overrated anyway. Oh, they really are. And you know, like, they're probably all talking already. Oh, it's Easter. We finally get to know Opie's going to be here. No. Opie's going to be here. We can talk about this radio show. No. We can tell him that, you know, I saw this guy and he was very excited that I was going to be at this Easter get together with Opie. Right? Well, I think it was Seinfeld that said it best. Yeah. I mean, it wasn't Seinfeld. Someone helped me out with this line. But he talks about, like, family functions and hanging out with the family. And he says, you know, you sit there at the table and you're looking at your family and you think to yourself, you know, if I wasn't related to these people, I don't think I'd ever talk to them. Yeah. Yeah. A few people have said that. I've heard it in movies and stuff, too. Yeah. Yeah, it's true. You wouldn't just call up your uncle or your cousin or something if they weren't your uncle or cousin and say, hey, you want to hang out? No. Unless you're spaz and it's your boss. Right. I'm just talking normal people. All right. Well, there you have it. Nick Sunday for the upstairs. Well, you have fun. I'll look for you in the crowd shots, Opie. Who are you kidding? I don't think you're, are you hanging out with your family this year? Yeah. Really? I'm going out to my mommy's house out there on Long Island. I'm blowing you off, too, because I was supposed to see you jamming at Sergeant Pepper's Sunday. No, that's Saturday night. Oh, all right. I'll still be there. You could show up Saturday night. I'll be there Saturday. Sergeant Pepper's pub out there in, what the hell is that? It's like Comack East North port boarder somewhere around there. Right. That's a little place. Yeah. We're just going to like hang out. You're showing up, Rick, right? Oh, yeah. Yeah. And I'll be there supporting you. Can I carry your equipment? You're cordially invited. Speaking of which, is your brother getting here soon or what? He's got a- He better, that son of a bitch. He's got like a couple of new songs. I don't know where the hell he is. He's got a Columbine song that's just going to get us in all sorts of trouble today. Well, it's the anniversary, one year anniversary of the Columbine tragedy and he wrote a song about it. I don't know. I don't think it glorifies it. I think it shows the two murderers for what they are. All right. Psychopaths. And we are wrapping up the most offensive song contest. Yeah, this might do it. So this is, that whole contest coming to an end in the very near future. You thought Oh, Mein Fuhrer was bad. Really? This one's even worse? I don't know. Pretty bad. I'm going to go back to the back of letters on Ken's desk over the most offensive song contest. Who's bitching? People have finally woken up. Can we say they're bitches? Screw them. Women. They absolutely hate the Opie and Anthony show. The letter starts off, I can't believe they're still on the air. Yeah, we had a run with them years back in Boston and they're, oh, they're very curious as to why we're still on the air. Yeah. So they're one of the many letters that have made it to Ken's desk over the most offensive song contest. What a bunch of stereotypical Now members. Like the members of Now, you will not find one attractive woman in the lot. It's like that story we were watching last night on CNN. You know that woman that likes to work out in her garage? Well, what are you pointing out there? What do we got out there? Oh, boy, I think we have to take a break, Anthony. What's the problem? Go talk to him real fast. What's the problem? Who's here? We just got the X-Nay on the wow-ay gesture outside the studio. I understand why you can't talk about an organization. Well, anyway, last night, we were watching that CNN. And they had this woman that likes to work out pretty much naked in her garage. I think we all saw the footage. Oh, my God. CNN ran that about 100 times yesterday. CNN was like the Spice Channel yesterday. They're showing this woman that likes to work out in her garage and in her yard pretty much just naked. She wears, I don't know what she wears. She wears tiny little workout outfits. She's got a killer body. She likes to dance in her driveway and stuff. And she does all this provocative dancing. She's got a flagpole in the front yard. And she does stripper club pole dances on the thing. She gets a leg around it and spins down it and everything. And all these neighbors are bitching and complaining, but they're all videotaping her. They all have hours of videotape of this woman working out. And they went to some town meeting trying to get her to stop. And the bottom line is they can't make her stop. She's got a right to do what she wants to do. But every woman that was bitching about this woman was such a frigging pig. It was amazing. There's one woman testifying. It's disgusting, despicable. I can't believe it. And meanwhile, she's got hours of videotape of this woman. And she just, she probably obviously wishes she had an attractive body like this woman. She likes to work out outside. There weren't any hot Playboy models complaining about this girl exercising in her front yard. I would love that. Imagine that. You walk outside and your neighbor's this hot chick and she's working out outside in this little workout outfit. Does it mind being videotaped? That's a dream. The cameras are rolling all over the place. That's a dream come true. The footage they showed on CNN last night was amazing. And then they go back to the serious news guy and he's doing the news with that lady. I forgot their names. He's like, ho, ho, ho. And the guy, he couldn't help himself. He comes back and he was just like, you know he wants to say, wow, does that rock? I'm spanking out a batch during this next commercial break. Fantastic. The moves this lady was doing in her front yard and the neighbors all filming it trying to get her to stop. I'd be like Desi Arnaz with the three camera shoot. I'd have cameras set up. I'd be directed with the headphones on. Okay, go to camera three. Three. All right, squeeze it, freeze it. Let's go to break. That would be me. She was on the pole upside down, which was classic. The flag pole. Cams hanging down to her chin. The thing is the women that were complaining, not one looker in the bunch. Yeah. Al, what's going on? Hey, what's going on, O'Neil? How are you? Not too bad, man. Listen, she's actually a stripper at night. Yeah, no. So that's what she does as practice. But what they also said was that the police department is directly across the street from her house. And there's nothing that they can do about it because she's not breaking any laws. I'll tell you what's going on. There's nothing the police want to do about it. Yeah. We've met the boys in blue. They would love to check out something like that across from their station house. Of course. Oh, absolutely. All right, listen, got to run, guys. Take care. All right, Al. Bye. I had boring neighbors growing up. That's the type of neighbor I wanted growing up. Opie, Star Jones checking in. Yeah. Wants to know if you could bring a bucket of chicken to the game. If you're going to be going because she'll be there too. Yeah, no problem. All right, Al, we got to take a break. Where's Opie with my chicken? All right, another pot. Ooh, that's good. Another pot song as we go into commercials here, Anthony. Your brother's here with that Columbine song. Thank God. We'll get to him next. We're looking for a few good enemas. What the hell are you talking about? Opie and Anthony Show. Crap, whiz and vomit. 1027WAW. 2127571027 is our phone line. You ever know who's going to stop by the studio? Yes. It's Cowbell Bill. Cowbell Bill. Of course, his good friends always calling up saying, I know Cowboy Bill. Cowboy Bill. No, it's Cowbell Bill. I don't think anyone wants to be known as a cowboy. No. Cowboy Bill. Hey. In the tri-state area. Cowboy Bill. Yeah. So it's Cowbell Bill. My brother Joe. Hello. Brought him by too. Brought out a brand new song. Look at that, an old bandmate from years gone by. Joe Groen. Joe Groen. Joe Groen. Joe Groen. Joe Groen. Joe Groen. Yes. Joe, hey, what's up? Original founding member of Rotgut. How about that? Which, by the way, is selling quite a few CDs up on eBay. Oh, really? How about that? It's silly. These people are paying like $43 to $50 for a CD. There's a new listing, one from New Pulse. Really? Yeah, there are two up there now. When they could just go to an MP3 and download them from Joe. Yep. Yep. From Rotgut at MP3. You can download every song for free. And if you want a CD, you can buy them there for $12.99. Are you and Joe Groen in litigation about money or anything? I'm going to be putting the videos up. Oh my God. I'm going to be putting the videos up. Oh my God. Thank God I don't have a legitimate radio career. That's my job. By the way, somebody is putting up autographed Rotgut Live at the Apollo CDs. Oh, yeah? So I have to talk to you after the show. Oh, really? How about that? I don't know if I could spell Romeo Manson anymore. I'll coach you. He just initiated a sign with you. Yeah, just sign with you. Just sign with me. You're a bunch of best friends. Just initiated them. Well, I wouldn't want to give you the impression that I am a bitter, tin-knocking brother, and I looked at the clock yesterday when I said that. I thought you were home already. Yeah, I thought maybe you were at a range. You never know. You never know what I'm going to hear. How about that though? The guy from Filter? I know. What's his last name? Patrick. The guy from Terminator 2, the guy that played the cop. Oh, that guy. The cop from R.T. 2. The liquid metal guy. Oh, get out of here. You can tell they totally look alike. They look exactly alike. Wow. I've never seen the guy from Filter. I don't know what he looks like. Yeah, yesterday he made the eye and stuff. He did like the eyebrow thing. He looked just like him. I mean, it's his brother for God's sake. But that's got to be cool. You know, we were talking about that. It's like, wow, I'm the singer of Filter and you're in movies and stuff. That's why I brought that up, Joe. That's why I brought that up, Joe. You would probably have to use the same cheesy joke if the Baldwin brothers came in too. Right. Thank you. I'm glad you understand. Oh, yeah. There goes Anth change in the subject. There you go. So you guys brought in a couple songs, I see. Yes. A couple more songs to get us in trouble. I would give props to Sister Dawn. Yeah, my sister's actually singing on the show. And she did a spectacular job. Much easier to coach vocally than you, by the way. Get out of here. Oh, you won't. You were a little bitter when you were in Rock God. You guys could be like the new Osmonds between you and Joe and your sister, you know? The retarded Osmond. Come on. With a dislead. I don't know, man. Now, OK, look. There's one song that's about spaz. It's a fun little up-tempo goddamn number. Is Dawn on the phone? What about those pictures I was supposed to see? Two. Two. Ponderous. F'ing ponderous. Now, there's a happy-go-lucky spaz. Two. Two. I got it. Fun. This one I had to whip up after listening to what went on yesterday and I got it today. I just had, Kevin, it's nothing personal. It's strictly business, Kevin. Nothing personal. Strictly business. So, what's the name of the spaz song? It's a quick one. It's about a minute long. Leave the dawn. Grab the cannolis. Spazic-califragilistic. It's done to the Mary Poppins. Mary Poppins. I love Mary Poppins. I love Mary Poppins. It's done to the Mary Poppins song, super-califragilistic ex-fielidocious. Okay. You know. And this is spazic-califragilistic. Yeah, that's the fun one. All right, let's just get through the fun one before we get to the one that's going to be a problem. The other one's fun, too. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Not enough time has passed to make it fun. Remember, we were at a barbecue over at Anthony's house when I first mentioned this song last year. Oh, we left really hard. A day after it happened. Right, and we said it was too close. No, no, no. Opie actually said he would play it. He said, record it. He said, record it. I'll play it. I did say it. I will definitely play it. All right, let's play the spaz one first here, okay? Okay, this is a happy fun spaz is an idiot song. It's stupid child is bothering me when I'm he makes me nauseous. Don't know why we keep him with the trouble that he causes. Minds are blown with brain damage and thought processes are forced. He is stupid child is bothering me when I'm he makes me nauseous. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. They call him Kevin K. Goats Spaz when he picks up the phone. Don't expect an answer cause his brain cells are all blown. How did he get his job with Owen? Well, I don't know. He's the biggest turd you ever heard on New York radio. He's stupid child is bothering me when I'm he makes me nauseous. Don't know why we keep him with the trouble that he causes. Minds are blown with brain damage and thought processes are forced. He is stupid child is bothering me when I'm he makes me nauseous. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. Dumb little idiot, a dumb little guy. There you go. Very good job. Props to sister Dawn. Yeah, Dawn doing a great job on that. I didn't have a chance to call her if she wanted me to call. Actually, she was saying while we were doing it, she was saying cause she had, well, she had something to do with the other song that we're going to be playing. And she said, I want to be completely anonymous for that one. Yeah, she's smart. But she wanted me to call her. She wants to be completely anonymous, but she wants me to call her so she can tell everybody that she's with to listen to the radio because it's her on. Of course. Yeah. Well, yeah, that was fun, right? Oh, that was great. Cute little Mary Poppins thing, little English accent thing was kind of cute. My wife Colleen was in the chorus too. Oh, really? Yeah. I had a whole production going on. What are you, accepting an Emmy right now? I thought Ed Wynn and Dick Van Dyke were going to stop in any minute. So much fun. Which brings us to the next track. Now this one, well, it is the anniversary, one year anniversary of the tragic Columbine high school shootings, I hope. Well, there's people commenting about the first song. Oh, really? Let's slow down the... Slow down. Let's slow down a little bit. Let's slow down a little bit. They're all so good. One step at a time. Tom has a comment about the Spaz song. Tom, what's up? What's up, guys? That is one of the funniest damn things I've ever heard. That's pretty good. You know what's funny about it? It's all true. That's what makes it great. Squeezed into a clever little catchy ditty. You'll be singing that one. All right, man. Two in the morning, you'll get up to take a leak. Then we'll be playing that one a lot. Stupid, shallow Spaz the nitwits. Yes. All right, well, let's move on to the next one. Okay. And I think this actually qualifies as an entry into one of the most tasteless song contests. I thought it would be a cross-genre parody. I might have a problem with this if it wasn't for the fact that it does not glorify the killings of any... The devil doesn't glorify? No. It puts them in the perspective that they are killers. I think we need to go to the phones before we play the song. Why? It's no race or anything. It's a song about Columbine. Yeah, one year anniversary today. About those two dastards, Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold. Yeah. Or was it Dylan Harris and Eric Klebold? I don't remember. Who cares? Whatever. Those two a-holes. Yeah, see? Nobody likes them. It's not a song that is in favor of them. It's a little song that documents what happened a year ago. And it could be turned into a sitcom. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. I'm sure. Yeah. Well, the most offensive song contest is coming to an end, so... Yeah. I just start sweating before we have to play these songs. You haven't heard this one, right? I remember the Versys song at your barbecue. So I can only imagine what it came up with after that. And I hope it's done to the fun song, a theme song to the old Patty Duke show. Remember that? Their cousins, two of a kind. Now everyone's yelling at us on the phone lines. We're giving them their time here. Andrew, what's going on? I'm a student myself and I just play the f-ing song. I'm perfectly fine with it. There you go. Coming from a student. Who are we to say? I do. It just makes me feel better that the listeners are on board with us, Anthony. That's all I'm trying to say. That's all. That's all I'm trying to say. That's all. If you think about it, really. If you think about it. Let's go to Nick. Nick, what's going on? AOA. Just play the song. Come on. Post it to the balls. Come on, play the song. All right, thank you. They're going to play the song in the five o'clock hour. No tease. No tease is like certain people that work in this market. Hey, we'll be playing that Columbine song. A week later they'll finally get to it. Play the song, you pussy. There's a bunch of people checking in. Bob, what's up? Hey, Opie, man. Why are you such a pussy, man? You didn't just play the song. All right, Bob, thank you. All right, so it's done, the Patty Doke theme? Yeah. And it's a little tribute to Columbine. Well, I wouldn't think it's a tribute. I think it's like a chronicle of what happened. It's a documentation. Yes, a docu-song. Now that's the original, right? Yeah. And mind you, I did not have this one to record over. I recorded all over. The original. The original. The original. I did not have this one to record over. I recorded all of it from scratch. It's a very happy tune. Oh, sure. Crazy. Buzzing. Virgil. Virgil. Virgil. Hey! Hey! Hey! Oh, listen to this outline. A hot dog makes a loose control. Wow. Virgil. Virgil. Okay, terrific. Whoa! Whoa! What's your favorite drink? Oh, you're very naughty. Patty was a slut bitch. Remember the little brother Ross? I do. I remember Ross. Look at those big oversized glasses. All right, so that's the original Patty Duke song, Anthony? Yes. We were going to voice over that, but it just... Very cheesy. Very teeny, high-end, very hard. Some of you cowbell billy, we sat down, we popped a couple of nuggets, and we threw our balls to the wall. The funny thing about these songs, you guys just lay down all the music and everything yourselves. Well, you know, you've got ten hours, so let's do it. Which shows, I was going to say, not just talent, but your total lack of lives. Take the time to orchestrate the Patty Duke tune. Well, we appreciate it because we get song parodies all the time, and people are just trying to sing over the original song. Yeah, that doesn't work. The other vocals in the background. Bill comes up with this patch called a vocal eliminator. Actually, I came up with it. It's a vocal eliminator in the VS-880, which is one of the machines that we use. It takes the voice out. No, it takes everything out but the voice. We put the thing on the same music. We put the vocal eliminator, and we're listening back, and everything but the vocals is gone. Well, you guys... Straighten that out, Roland. You did a great job. Well, a case would be a lady, here you go. Yeah. And like we said before, it's kind of a little chronicle of what happened a year ago. At Columbine. The tragedy of Columbine. Dylan and Eric. Done to the Patty Duke tune. Those two morons. And here we go, Anthony. Here's Dylan who liked an M16 with high capacity magazines. But Eric liked a bill that bombs and makes an Alan Hamilton. What a crazy pair. They were killers. Yes, iconic villains all the way. Shot off their school in Trench Coast one year ago today. While Dylan baked out a chocolate stick and F'ing chewed some religious chips. Eric goes out of control, a shotgun that still making holes. What a couple of pricks. They were killers. Yes, iconic villains and your fines. They left the line, they walked the line, they must have given up too tight. And they took their own lives. They were killers. Who's that Columbine? Okay, terrific. I thought that song was coming in a lot earlier than that. The dump song. Oh my God. Oh my God. Does that qualify for the most defenses? Well, I think so. It doesn't glorify them at all though. You actually call them pricks in the song. Which of course justifies everything. They weren't. I mean, safely just click a couple of bells. That's just great. That's good. Honey, honey. People emailing in, Joseph Prano, I'm going to have to withdraw myself from this song. Stupid, you're so stupid. Oh, love it. People loving it. Okay, horrific. Yeah. I love it. The review's coming in on the phone, Anthony. Mike, what's going on? Hey, Mike. Yell them. Yell them. They're speechless on the phone, see? Hey, Mike, you there? Yeah. Hi, Mike. That was effing ponderous. Ponderous. But I loved it. All right, thank you. Yeah. What are the reviews saying on the Instant Feedback, Anthony? Any that you can read? Well, back to back, we got a yay, we got a winner, and well, that sucked. Great job. It rocked. Okay, terrific. Well, it was fun listening to you. Hopefully replace you with some interesting people. Oh, sweet Jesus, that was funny. Mixed reviews. Mike, what's going on? What's going on, man? How are you? Yo, that song wasn't offensive enough. Okay, yeah. It was the most offensive song. All right. Well, it wasn't really meant to be. It wasn't meant to be an offensive song. It's a little documentation of a very tragic day in U.S. history. Oh, that's all well and good, but you can't play it for the most offensive song. That wasn't the idea. Said it may be an entry. Right. Oh, that isn't close. All right, thank you, Mike. You want to hear Joe's most offensive song? Jermaine, what's going on? Jermaine? Hello? Yo, Lenny. Huh? Yo, play that song again. It was good. You like it? Please. Yeah. All right, Jermaine, thanks. And Steven, what are you playing? Steven Lynch is better, though. Huh? Steven Lynch is better, though. All right. We'll see you. All right. You guys suck. Bye-bye. So do you. You apologize. Aw, look, Joe hasn't been on the air enough to know. Don't take it personally. Yeah, don't take it personally. You should see the stuff that they said about us every day. This is great. Nick, what's going on? I love that song. It's my favorite song of all time. You have to play it every single day. All right. See? Thank you, Nick. People love it. All right. Let's go to Jermaine. Is this our boss, Jermaine? I hope not. No, it's a different Jermaine. Oh, thank God. What's up? I just wanted to thank you guys for a great two years. It's been great listening to you. All right, Jermaine. Thank you. Thanks a lot. You guys suck. All right. Bye. Yeah, some people saying, of course, Old Mind Fuhrer was a lot worse. Well, of course. Let's go to Mike. Mike, what's up? What's up, bro? How are you? What's up, man? Virgin. I like that stuff, bro. All right. Thank you, Mike. All right, Virgin. All right. Bye. What the whole Virgin. Yeah. Steve, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? That was pretty rough. I mean, it wasn't that offensive. It was just pretty rough. Yeah. You're going to get the Christian coalition after you guys now with that one. I think the whole thing was just that it was put to such a happy, fun-loving song. Yeah. It made a little fun-loving Columbine song. Yeah. You guys roll, bro. All right, Steve. Thank you. Have a good one. Bye. Joanne, what's going on? That song sounds like a sick advertisement. For a new wacky sitcom. Oh, my God. Wacky sitcom. That was sick. We understand that. I have to tell you guys that you guys are great, no matter what sick stuff you play, because I heard about you talking about women's groups. Yeah. And I'm a woman and I'm also a therapist, and I still listen to you guys. I find you guys great. We have a lot of ladies listening to us, and we appreciate that. You know, I was there to pick up the WWF tickets you guys gave me, and they wouldn't let me downstairs to meet you because they told me I'd degrade myself. You degrade yourself. Yeah. I begged to come down and say hi and thank you for the tickets. I was with my sister, and they said, oh, no, you don't want to degrade yourself. If they didn't let you down, that just means that, well... You guys are doing something bad. No, let's just put it politely that you're not a looker. I'm not a looker? Maybe that's it. Do you have large breasts? Yeah. We have like a... I'm not ugly, thank you. Okay. This show, it's like a band. We have roadies that check out the girls that stop by for prizes. Yeah. And then, you know, there's a whole... They come down from the lobby and report. Yeah, there's a whole system that we've worked on. They didn't even come down. They just said you don't want to degrade yourself. Wow, that's not a good sign. That's not very nice. You don't even know what I look like. Yeah, well, that's not a good sign, Joanne. What? That's not a good sign. I used to do modeling. Really? You want to play What's in My Pants? No. What kind of modeling? Ships in a bottle? Airplane? Now you're getting sick. All right, Joanne, thank you. Well, take care, guys. All right, bye. Bye. We need to play What's in My Pants today because we have a brand new intro to the game. Oh, yeah, okay, let's get a girl on the phone. That wants to play Guess What's in My Pants. We want to... We got a lot of people here to play today. Can that be something we can all play? Of course. Cool. You ever play What's in My Pants? I've played from home. I've played a lot. I see a lot of people playing at home. They play along at home. I have the home version. The home version? Tom, what's going on? You received the home version. Hey. You guys can forget about syndication in that state. Yeah. Well, we've already given up on syndication anywhere, never mind Colorado. All right. All right, thank you. Syndication, forget about it. All right. Forget about it. Colorado, right? James, what's going on? Hey, guys. Hey. I'm going to miss you. I really am. All right, James. Hey, but one second. Can I get some last stickers? Just send a self-addressed stamped envelope. We're sending out the brand new stickers to everyone that sends in a self-addressed stamped envelope. Over and out, Diamond Desk. All right. I did. I think the address is on the NAW website, hopefully, okay? Let's go to Eric. Eric, what's going on? I'm waiting for a lady to play What's in My Pants so we can play our brand new intro. Listen, turn that phone again for me. I didn't get to hear it. I was coming in the house. Oh, there you go. All right, we'll play it one more time. All right, and it wasn't really funnier than Oh, My Dear. That's the freaking funniest song I ever heard. Funny. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Wow, this guy is just the... Jesus. Now, the adulation. Any song parodies, maybe, about Jean Benet to the theme song for Punky Brewster? Maybe? So you can mull that around in your head? Hey, Joe, how about you start doing song parodies that we can play more than once on our show? Well, I have one here that you guys couldn't even play once. Which one? It was called Homo Number One. Yeah, we couldn't play that one. I don't know. Have the reigns been loosened a little bit? Not for Homo Number One. Homo Number One still hasn't made it. We can't even play Dry, Dry, Dry, you know what? I have that, too. We can't do that? No, we can't play that anymore. You know what? We could probably play it and then Opie, pull down the fader at the vag part and we'll all just go, uh, uh, uh. And then I had the More Than Words. That might not work the same. And I had the More Than Words for Valentine's Day that you guys couldn't play? Yeah, we couldn't play that either. You're right. Some filthy-ass songs, Joe. That's what it is. I would guess. What we have to do is get all those tracks on the unofficial website, finally. Homo Number One is hilarious. Absolutely hilarious. I do have the Tom Jones tune right here. You have all the tact of a rototil when you write these things. All right, Ant, listen. We've got to take a quick break. We have to play What's In My Pants because we have a brand new intro we want to try out on the show. We got a girl? Yeah. Oh, Paulina. Yeah, well, we have a bunch of them. We'll choose one in a minute here. All right. One more time. For Giggles here. Which one? No. Columbine? Yeah, okay. Just in case you missed it. Like I said, I don't think it is. And it's Sister Dawn on the vocal. I don't think it glorifies it, I think. As we go to commercials, I believe this will be the last time you hear this song on our show. For Nuggets and Giggles. Until next year. All right. Here it is. It's Joe and Cowbell Bill and Dawn. Shot right off to the website after this airing. There you go. We'll be back to play What's In My Pants with one of the girls on the line. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. And they took their own lives. All right, today hanging out with Anthony's brother Joe. Yes. Cowbell Bill. Cowbell Bill. Joe Gruen. Joe Gruen. Joe Gruen. Haven't seen him quite some time. Joe, good seeing you again. You have the equivalent of the kids' table microphone down at the end of the counter. Like everyone has their seniority when they come in. Bill has worked very hard to earn his spot right next to me here. That's the same seat that Richard Patrick from Filter was sitting in yesterday, Bill. Should feel privileged. Joe writing many songs, but I don't think has as many appearances live on the air. You have many more in song parody. But that's why Joe has a... It's because I have a wife. Not content. Joe Gruen at the kiddie table down there. Good seeing you again, man. Yeah, thanks. I haven't seen you in a while. In a while. I was saying, Joe, I have a video of Anthony up the stage. We were playing a club in Boston, Rock Out, years ago, and Anthony humping Joe Gruen and smacking him over the head with a bouquet of flowers at the same time. That was before the show. Hanging off his back while he was playing guitar. I wouldn't talk, pigtail wearer. That's right. Who was wearing pigtails on stage? I had a real faggy head there. I did. You guys had a great stage. Well, it was in our area. Joe sent me to this barbershop. Remember that one? Joe sent me to this barbershop. What was that haircutter's name? Rob? Rob, yeah. Rob the haircutter. He sent me there. This is going back a few years. He sends me there and I had really long hair, almost down to my ass. Joe sends me over there and he has this guy, Rob, cut my hair and put these French twist braids in it. We had to play Sparks that night. I was like, oh no, it looks too big. I started taking the things out and it looked even worse. I had these two things coming out of the side. That's when I saw it with the pigtails. I guess you still never got that that was a joke. No. It was on you, Joe. You got me good, brother. Joe, we were talking about Homo No. 1 earlier. A song unfortunately we cannot play on our show. That was a very serious work. It's not a legal song. Mine are the saddest of all case. Homo No. 1 is located on the page Sound Clips 1 on foundrymusic.com. Sound Clips No. 1, if you want to hear Homo No. 1, a song that we wish we could play in the air but we just can't. I wish we could squeak past that Dry Vag song. The Dry Vag song is hilarious. Is that on the unofficial website too? It used to be. Maybe Steve's listening could pop that one up. I really get it. Joe singing like Tom Jones right up until his nut pops. I think that's how I gave myself a hernia. If Steve's listening maybe we could feature some of the musical stylings of Joe, Anthony's brother on the unofficial website for the weekend like the Dry Vag song, the Homo No. 1 and the other ones that we can't play in the air. Joe can be seen stapling stack heads. Shut up. On any weekday. A true mechanical. You're going to make me bitter. Come on. I'm kidding with you. Make you bitter? I'm kidding with you. You're going to turn me into a bitter old man. Hey Bob, what's going on? Hey what's up guys? How are you doing? We're doing alright. I figured you guys out. Totally. What? You're trying to get thrown off the radio in New York. That's what everybody thinks. We're all being sophisticated guys. Whatever market we're in, everybody thinks we have that same plan. Listen, it's the greatest market in the world. You get yourself thrown out, you go to a new town. In a week, two weeks, you get back to New York. We couldn't live without you. Uh oh. No, we're not trying to get thrown off. No. Believe me, we have some A-bomb. We would. If we wanted to get thrown off. We have the atomic bomb. Bring it on guys, I can't wait. But that was true in the past. Ant and I, yes we did try to get thrown off on the radio station. See actually, it's me and Dave. Guys, have a great day alright? Alright Bob. Take care. It's me, it's bitter brother Joe trying to get them thrown off the radio. See, Joe's writing these songs. Oh, Anthony we have an opening at True Mechanical. I come back, I kept your snips. Oil up your snips buddy. I kept your snips. Alright, you guys want to play What's In My Pants? Yeah, not in your pants. Well I know, but that's the name of the game. We will take some calls and talk to some girls. Shut up, that's the name of the game. What's In All These Pants? A Vienna sausage. We got a brand new intro to the game. And let's hear it. What's In My Pants, want to thank Jimmy working very hard for the show. Behind the scenes to come up with some of these fun little ditties and stuff, okay? Nothing's better for a little game than a theme song. A theme, yeah like an intro. Yeah. Intro to the game. Alright. We're debuting it today. It's time to play, it's time to play, it's time to play, hey guess what's in my pants. It's time to play, it's time to play, it's time to play, hey guess what's in my pants. It's coming. It's coming. Alright, there you go. Alright. You want to tell everyone the rules of the game, What's In My Pants? Well, it's very simple. We go to the phones, lovely young lady on the other end. We ask her to remove her pants and underwear and then take the phone she's speaking on and rub it on her most intimate of areas. Correct. And we will try to guess what style haircut she has by her bearded clamp. There you go. And people love playing at home. Yeah, the choices are triangle, mohawk, Hitler mustache. And there's a little confusion, we might as well get this out of the way. What is the difference between a Hitler mustache and a mohawk? I'll explain. A Hitler mustache starts as a mohawk but then you shave the top of it down so it's very small. A tongue. Hence like a mustache. Yes, hence like Hitler's mustache. Don't forget that the pool rack filled with afro hair because Cowbell Bill is here. Yeah, that's the biggest triangle ever. You know when you rack the balls up on a pool table, right? You take that, you fill it with afro hair and shove it in your lap. If it looks like that, that's a biggie. And of course wood floor which is just the Jean Benet. I thought the Hitler mustache was just a little patch on top like a lollipop. No, no. It's like a little rectangle. Who the hell is chewing gum? The listeners are hating you. It's radio for God's sake. If you want to play What's in Opie's Pants, he wants to get spazzed his hand. That's pretty good. So do we want to play with Rebecca, Elaine, Paulina or Jennifer or Rhianna? Let's see. Who's going to be the best? We don't even know. I don't want line four. You don't want line four? I just don't want to say that name. Okay, line four is out. How about Paulina? Paulina, that's good. Let's see what Paulina has. Paulina? Yes? Are you in your car? My boyfriend's driving. What? My boyfriend's driving. Are you a Spanish girl? Yes, I am. I could tell by her voice. It's going to wreck the fantasy, boyfriend in the car. We like playing with the girls that are all alone at home. Yeah, at home. The car is a little awkward too and the cell phones you can't pick up what truly is in her lap. Oh, come on. Paulina, no offense but we've got to move on. Okay, hold on. No, no, no. Sometimes on the car phone what you think is a baby's butt turns out to be Fidel Castro's face. Very hard to tell. Rhiannon? Yes? You're in your car too, huh? Yes. Are you alone? Yeah. Put her on hold. See if we can find a girl on Apple. Hold on. Okay. The best is when they're home alone. Rebecca? Yeah. Where are you? I'm in my car too. But on a back country road. A country road? A country road. Back country road. That's good. Back country road. Yeah. Very good. Sounds nice and quiet. It does. All right, hold on. You're definitely a possibility. All right. We've got to get the ultimate girl here out of the way. Right out on the kitchen floor. Yeah. Elaine, you're at home, right? Oh, yes, I am. All right. Wait, you sound a little butchie though. Excuse me? You sound a little butchie. I do sound like a man over the phone. I do sound like a man over the phone. I do. But I am a woman. Pool rack stuffed with afro. Bill ain't even waiting for the phone to go below her neck. All right. Elaine, no offense. We're looking for the perfect girl. She's got to be at home with the sexy voice. I'm at home laying on a king-size bed. King-size bed. But you've got like a manly voice though. She started trying to change it though. King-size bed. King-size bed and my boobs are hanging over each side. All right. Hold on, Elaine. So far we have Elaine that sounds a little butchie on the king-size bed. We have Rebecca on that country road. Oh, God, I hope Gina works out. All right. Let's go to Gina. Gina. Yes. Where are you? I'm at home with my friend. Who's your friend? My friend Donna. Donna. Oh, thank you. There we go. And what's next? And if you like me, you can get on the kitchen floor if that's your problem. Oh, you're very naughty. And Donna's hanging out with you today? Yes. Would you like her to say hi? Sure. Hold on. Hello. Virgin. Hi. Hi. I think we've arrived. And what's your name, little girl? My name is Donna. Oh, wait. What is that? Oh, Donna and Gina. I'm sorry. Donna and Gina, yeah. And you're very close friends? Yes, we're very close friends. How close? Oh, we're very close right now. Would you like to guess what's in her pants right now? Your head. You got that right. Oh, really? Oh, really? Well, I think everyone else can hang up. I think we have our contestant. Okay. All right. Where are you guys right now? We're in my apartment. All alone. You didn't have to work today. What's the deal? Actually, I cut out of work early. Just so you could be with Gina? Yeah, because I'm usually in school at this time. All right. So she's usually in school as well. You're allowed to eat that on a Passover? We're not very religious. We're not very religious. We're not very religious. We're not very religious. We're not very religious. We're not very religious. We're not very religious. We're not very religious. We're not very religious. So you're a vegetarian? Yeah. Yes, absolutely a vegetarian. She's not passing over the badge. No. Okay. But I think I want to switch sides, though. I think she should be in my pants now. Well, I think that would be wonderful. Okay, well... You're talking on the phone. How tired could it be getting? Hello. I just don't know what you're doing, Gina. Hi, Gina. Gina, how are you? Oh, okay. Are you both completely naked? Yes. Very nice. Are you on a bed? Yes. Okay. Okay. The couch. The couch. The couch. Very good, guys. I hope you're visualizing this. Gina, what do you look like? I have black hair. Okay. Where? Oh, I'm... Okay, never mind. I'm a naturally brunette person. I'm not, you know... Nice body. Yeah, pretty decent. Yeah. She doesn't complain. She doesn't complain? Are you lipstick lesbians or kind of the dyke-y kind? No, we're lipstick lesbians. We're not lesbians. We're not lesbians. We're not lesbians. We're not lesbians. We're not lesbians. We're not lesbians. We're not lesbians. We're not lesbians. How big's the rack? I'm a 34D. 34D. Is she happy with her large boobs? Is 34B? They're really, really perky. Yes. Is she happy with her large boobs? Yes, she is, Dr. Smith. We're going to have to make some phone calls and just play the Dr. Smith clips. Yeah. See if anyone will talk to, you know, Dr. Smith on tape. Oh, dear. All right. 34D, very nice. You keep yourself in nice shape and all? Yes, I do. All right. You're on the couch laying down and Donna's busy. Yeah. You're on the couch laying down and Donna's busy. Yeah. You're on the couch laying down and Donna's busy. Yeah. What does Donna look like? Donna has a nice... Well, the back of her head looks like... Yeah, she has very long hair. She likes when I pull on it. Oh, yeah? Yeah, like when I grab it. All right. I'm having problems concentrating right now. I bet. Are there any naughty girls in the audience? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Are there any naughty girls there? Us too. No, but my friends are... Well, actually, it's always four of us. We seem to like to keep it within the group. Would you like to spank Donna for us? Oh. You want me to spank her? Oh, yeah. Oh, I would love to. We just want to make sure she's naked for this bit here. Oh, naked? Yeah. Oh, man. She still has her work clothes on. And you're naked? Yeah. So would you like Donna to spank you? Have her smack your bare ass. Donna, how would you like to spank my ass? Instead of me spanking yours? Put the phone down there and smack her. Oh, she wants hers. Someone smack someone's ass. Put the phone there. Well, tell Donna to get her damn pants off then. Okay. Okay. Hold on. Look at that. Someone's after my goddamn mom. Did you hear that? Hey, smack both the bitches. I'll come over there and punch them both. Would you like me to do it again? Yeah, we didn't hear it. Oh, okay. In the uterus. Hey, wait a minute. That didn't sound like a smack on the ass. No? No. Put the phone there and smack her. One more time. Okay. Is she using a club? I know. What are you using? My hand. It sounds like a fight. I worked out a little, so it's a little bit too firm. You wanted something quick when you came to the wrong house. Oh, all right. Yeah, she works out more than I do. I'm a little bit more flabby than she is in the back. I'm just thinking open-handed on a bare buttocks always sounds like a smack. Yeah. That sort of sounded like a punch. Oh, no. That wasn't a punch. No, maybe the position I'm in wasn't right. We want to hear the cheeks flapping. They want to hear your cheeks flapping. Punch it in the face. Flapping? Yeah. I don't want to be able to hear that over the phone. Well, just hit her a few times. Oh, I don't want to hit her more than once. Punch her in the jaw. In the jaw? No, we're not into violence like that. In the cheeks flap, it sounds like, I, I, I, I, I. All right, let's play Once in My Pants. Okay. All right, so we're going to play with Gina, right? Yes. Okay. What we know about Gina, she has 34 deep breasts. She's a little flabby. She doesn't work out as much as Donna. She has long black hair, I believe, right? Yes. And you're, are you bisexual? I'm bisexual. Bisexual. Girls and women. Okay. Yes. All right, anything else you guys need to know before you make your decisions? No. No, I'm going to talk to the guys. Oh, I'm sorry. We're pretty clear. Does she look like, does she look anything like Ross from Patty Duke? No, we can't say that. Nine-year-old boy with no teeth. All right, let's, let's, let's start with... With her big glasses. Is, is, Joe, you playing too? Yeah, I'm going to... All right, the other Joe is playing. All right, Joe, why don't we go to you first and we'll work our way around the... Remember, girls, don't expose what you have in your pants until all of us have voted and we ask you to reveal what is indeed in your pants, okay? Okay. Gina? I'm talking on her badge right now. She hasn't moved a bump. Yeah, don't, don't give any hints at what you're, your... Not a problem. ...until we ask you. All right. I'm a listener. I understand the rules. All right, Joe, let's go. Okay. Give a rub. Okay, hold on. Okay, that's up and down. Okay, I did the up and down. That was it. Okay, now do side to side. Now do circular motion. That's telling. Okay. Okay, Joe Groen, if you would like to vote. It almost sounds like a high and tight, like they have in the military. I don't know if that's in there yet, yeah, but... A high and tight. A mighty fine. A mighty fine. Yeah. Like a bluish shirt. Joe, your vote is what I have. Yeah, don't talk. Don't talk. I'm going to have to go with the, I guess what would be the closest to the low cropped carpet. Like a triangle but well groomed? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we have that one. Okay. All right. Triangle, yeah, well groomed. Joe, my brother Joe, I need to hear the circular motion one more time. Circular, that's true. That was telling. There was something going on there. Yeah. If we could have the circular motion again please, Gina. Sure. All right. Joe? I'm going to have to go with the bare wood floor. Oh, Joe's saying wood floor. I'm saying wood floor. Ballsy move. Yeah, it just sounded like wood to me. Okay. Cowbell Bill. Bill? I'm going to guess, well first I think that the cesspool is a little too close to the picnic area. You could tell that by what you heard. It didn't sound like taint. No taint. You can get a very good hint just by asking if her drapes match the carpet though. I'm going to go with the Hitler. Oh, Hitler? Yeah. Very good. Okay. Yeah, thank you. Quiet and loud then quiet and loud. Yeah. Opie? Oh, I thought that was going to be last. I'm going to go, triangle. Well groomed triangle. Much like Joe grew in a pit. I'm going to go, yes because there was that breaking of sound in the circular motion. I'm going to say Mohawk because yeah I think it was going from skin to brush to skin. So yeah I'll say Mohawk. Are we all voted? Yep. Is that your final answer? Who wants to guess again? Joe and I went with like the well groomed triangle. Joe, Anthony's brother went wood floor. Cowbell Bill went Hitler mustache. Anthony went, I'm saying Mohawk. Mohawk, okay. Gina? What is in your pants? The wooden floor. Yeah! Joe pulls one out. See I am good tops with the female genitalia. The wood floor. Wait, we've got to hear that again. We've got to hear what a wood floor sounds like. Okay, you ready? Yeah. Alright, up down, circular. Do the circular because that's what I'm going to say. You guys like the circular. It feels better too. Hold on. That's what tricked everyone I think. Okay, hold on. Alright, let's go. Oh my God. This guy has a 533. Hello? Alright. Yeah, Mike, it looks like Fred Flintstone's mouth now. Yeah, you've got to understand. She was there for a while. Alright. You have to remember one thing. Women that like women do not like potty hair. Yes, exactly. She hates hair. Oh, that's something. That's true. That's a true matter. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. That's true. Oh. That's a true master. Yes, you guys are 100% correct with that one. Thank you. So, what was that gap we were hearing? Chicken Cutlet? That is a hunt for play dough thrown on the barbershop floor. Well, Gina, thanks for playing What's in My Pants. Thank you very much. Big hand for Gina. Yeah, let's hear it for Gina. Last time when... Oh, here we go. It's the theme song. It's time to play. It's time to play. It's time to play. Hey, guess what's in my pants? Hey, guess what's in my pants? Hey, guess what's in my pants? It's time to play, it's time to play, it's time to play, hey guess what's in my past? Virgil. How'd you like to mow my lawn? Wow. And there you have it. I wouldn't have figured the wood floor. Jail comes through. Thank you. That one. That was very good. It was really much less from the sound of the phone than it was from the psychology of the whole thing. See, there's a fine balance between what you hear in the pre-interview and what you hear during the procedure. Right. You have to take all things into consideration. Now come to think of it, it did sound exactly like yesterday's wooden floor. Sometimes what sounds like a wooden floor though ends up looking like those big wax lips dropped in a hamster cage. I swear to God. You've got to watch that. It's deceiving. And with that, with that we've got to take a break. Before we go to break though, this is really cool. We've got a pair of tickets to see the heavyweight championship of the world. We've got Lennox Lewis and Michael Grant going at it. April 29th at the Garden for tickets call 212-307-7171. But if you're the tough caller right now you've got a pair. 212-757-1027. Opie and Anthony. You guys are really funny and stuff but you guys take it too far to the point where I literally get nauseous and sick listening to your radio show. Go take a mitle. Hey Anthony, the Vermont Teddy Bear Company. Yes, what's coming up? Easter. Easter. Easter Sunday. I will not be celebrating Easter this year. I'll be at the Nick Games Sunday. Yeah, Opie got Nick tickets. He's going to get in big trouble for not being there for Easter. But let me tell you, you know how you make up for it? I'm going to send everyone I know of Vermont Teddy Bear Company and hope they understand that I need to go see the Knicks in the playoffs before I spend a Sunday with my family. Here's what you do. You call 1-800-829-BEAR. Get a friendly bear counselor on the phone and go, Hi, this is Opie. I screwed up. I'm spending Easter at the Nick Game instead of with my family. And a bear counselor helps you out and says, Opie, get the hair bear. It's a bunny wearing bunny ears. Or the flashback bunny dressed like a, Like a guy named Hippie. With a tie dyed t-shirt, peace necklace, and a pair of a bearkin stocks. What? Bearkin stocks. Bearkin stocks. What the hell is a bearkin stocks? Call the bear counselor and find out for yourself. Ask him what a bearkin stocks is. It's like a leader hosing. Oh, is that what it is? Why would a hippie thing wear? Maybe it's like overalls. They get a little wacky working off the word bear sometimes. But it's still a great company and they got great bears. But a bearkin stock, I don't know. I don't know. How is it spelled? Bear-ken-stocks. It's some type of clothing. I'm sure we'll get 18,000 instant feedbacks to what it is. Sandals? Oh, Sandals? Joe Groen says it's Sandals. Oh, Sandals. We've got a hippie hanging out with us. No, no. Not from a hippie. Okay. Every Vermont teddy bear delivered with a personalized card and candy treat and a colorful gift box with an air hole. That's air hole. Send a bear or bunny to your sweetie at their workplace or to the kids at school. What a great idea. They don't call it a bear hole? No, it's an air hole. Air hole. And all of the bosses out there, Secretary's Day, next Wednesday, April 26, sending a bear ground to the office is going to make you look good, look like the best boss on the planet. You ask about the real boss bear or the voodoo boss bear? The voodoo boss bear. Bear council is ready to help you out right now. It only takes five minutes to order. Better than flowers, better than just sending candy. The Vermont teddy bear. Overnight delivery guaranteed. Call 1-800-829-BEAR or shop online at vermontteddybear.com. Vermont teddy bear. Give them the number again, Opie. Please. 1-800-829-BEAR. 1-800-829-BEAR. Tell them Opie and Anthony sent you, okay? The Vermont teddy bear company. What's that, a train? What's that, a train? What's that, a train? What's that, a train? What's that, a train? Opie and Anthony, 1027-WNEW. And we're back. 212-757-1027. Hope you're enjoying the festivities today. Oh, yeah. A lot of people want to hear the Columbine song one more time. One more time. Well, there's kind of a news event. Right? It's the way we do news here, right? And filthy song. Okay, terrific. Yes. Okay, terrific. We'll play it one more time. The boss is out of town, so I think we can get away with it. Are you sure he's not just having drinks with Spanx somewhere? That was pretty funny earlier. Anthony's brother Joe and cowbell Bill and your sister Donna. Oh, yes, making her a song parody debut. I believe she'll start calling up now and demanding plugs on air time. And I'm sure it'll end with Opie punching her in the eye. All right, we'll get that song on again before we get out of here. We'll do it in the near future. How's that, okay? Also, Anthony, something we really need to get into again here is Bridget's waxing. The email on this was just off the hook. Well, what started off as something I thought was going to be pretty lame because Bridget came in, she wanted to get bikini waxed. She is, of course, a virgin. Yes, Scott, so say it again. Virgin. A virgin, Opie. She's what, 19 years old? She's a redhead and a virgin. And she just has a very innocent look about her, even though she wears kind of sexy, slutty clothes, though. I don't know what that's about. It was cold out and she was wearing this flowing little sundress. And she came in and wanted to be bikini waxed. And we kind of talked her into waxing the whole thing off wood floor. But she wouldn't let us in the room. Ow. She made it, yeah, well, you should hear it. We had to cover up the windows. We had to cover up the glass on the door. She would not let anyone see her, even semi-naked. She won't even pull her dress up to show her underwear. If she's getting bikini waxed, she could wear some provocative bikinis on the beach for everyone to see. Our pals, Opie and Anthony, can't see anything. And we almost got video. Yeah. They're not asking for a pelvic. For the love of God. We almost got video. God, we're so close. Where's Mark? He's going to kill me. She'd have been that. Yeah, she's going to be pissed, but nothing comes out. Where's Mark? The sounds of Bridget having her crying. So it's going to be Bridget crying again. It's fun to see what happens. Shall we tell everyone what we're up to? Is that the same Bridget crying? Yeah, let's make Bridget cry. You might remember we introduced Bridget to the show. She called up, said she gave her boyfriend a Hummer for the first time. And right after her boyfriend was done, her boyfriend pushed her in the forehead, knocked her to the floor and said, I always knew you were a little slut. Virgin, first time giving a Hummer, he totally wrecked her for every other guy out there. Yeah, but she held up for a long time until Opie's brother called. Yeah, Opie's brother called up and got Bridget to cry. So now she's been coming on, getting more and more prudish with every appearance on the Opie and Anthony show. So she comes in to get bikini wax and doesn't let anybody see. So, you know, if she wouldn't let us sneak a peek, we probably wouldn't have done this. Psycho Mark is a friggin lunatic. He grabs the camcorder, shoves it in the cabinet in the room that she's going into. That's all taped off, aims it up, turns it on, lets it run. She gets in there. You see her, she's in her robe. She's just ready to take the robe off and get naked for the camera. We can't have noticed on the air. What have we done? One of the waxing ladies backs into the cabinet and it shuts. So, I mean, I'm talking right when she grabs the robe to take it off. All you see is the inside of a cabinet. And it was perfect, too. The camera was set up perfect. We were going to set it into peepingtom.com. She can't do anything. I mean, there is no tape. There is no tape. For all she knows, we could be making this story up and that we've been checking out the tape every night. David, what's up? Hey guys, how are you doing? I was listening to this show on the radio at my desk. And it was really hot. I mean, when she was doing that stuff and every time they'd do the big poll on her and she'd give out that little squeal and everything like that. You know, after like five, ten minutes or something, I'm sporting some serious wood and I couldn't get up from my desk and get to my meeting. I was 15 minutes late because of it. I thought it was going to be lame. And it turned out to be hot because she was squeaking like that. Like every time she'd go, OK, they put the wax on. OK, they're putting a strip on. And then there'd be a little delay and you'd hear she'd like moan. It was huge. I was like brain dead at my meeting, too. Thanks a lot, guys. I appreciate it. Where is the wax? Oh, we have it. Oh, yeah, I was going to say. We saved the wax with her red pubes. We're going to get it on eBay with the rotgut CDs. Yeah, get John to get the wax. We still have it. Yeah, get intern John to grab it. After yesterday when they painted the office, it's hidden under something. We've got to find it. Oh, really? As long as it's not the baseboard heater. Who dropped the child? All right, so I guess we're going to replay some of the audio from the other day. Yeah, you've got to hear this. It's real hot. She's a virgin. She's young. She's a virgin. Virgin. Virgin. Virgin. Virgin. Cute little sundress getting completely nude in the other room with a couple waxers. Okay, terrific. There's something very erotic about it. And since Bridget came in, we've got a ton of email from girls that are more than willing to get their bikini waxed right in front of us, Anthony. Oh, there's some of them that are saying they want us to use our teeth to pull the wax off. I mean, it's getting unbelievable. How would you like to mow my lawn? Yeah. Wax on, wax off. Oh, you're very naughty. Indeed. I want to wax until it's as smooth as William's ass. Dear Judy, use the wax. Yes, Major West liked it smooth as a baby's behind. All right. Does she look kind of like Rebecca D'Amore? That's what I'm picturing. I don't know. Oh, yeah. She has kind of an icy blue-eyed thing going, but she has red hair. You know what? Obviously, this doesn't make sense to anybody, but Rex's wife. Oh, Megan, yeah. Okay. Very Irish. Does she have the strawberry tongue? Oh, what is this? Oh, Cable. What is the strawberry tongue? Hold on. Fascinating. She's got that strawberry tongue, you know, with the little nubs on it. Redheads, strawberry tongue, a little nub. Like little red nuggets. I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, explain yourself, Bill. Some redheads, it depends on how red their hair is, but the redder, the more pronounced... We're not talking Bozo's head in a leg lock here. Oh, geez. Well, you'll see now. In the future, just look. Now I'm gonna. Yeah. It looks like a strawberry, the tongue. Let's talk about some of Bill's idiosyncrasies when it comes to women, when it comes to women. He had one of the hottest girls in high school begging for him, absolutely begging for him in his apartment. And why did he turn her down? This is why. She was naked as a jaybird in bed with him. He told me this whole story. She got up to go to the bathroom in the morning. Well, that wasn't the reason. In the middle of the night, she got up to go to the bathroom. She got up for a quick tush and to go to the bathroom. And he saw freckles behind her knees. Really? Full of freckles. Now this girl, yep. Oh, brother, I can't do nothing with her. Freckles behind her knees. She had freckles. Yeah. Not heavy freckles, but that was it. As soon as he saw that she had freckles behind her knees, dah. She got freckles behind her knees, brother. She's no good. This girl, and she had a twin sister, too. And she was hot, but absolutely stunning. So, Phil, what's the problem with freckles? I don't know, man. They're just, you know. Once I get something in my head, that's it. And, you know, she was doing it. Thank God it's not brain. Thanks a lot, man. Come on. He's got a couple of them like that, though. Her teeth weren't right. What do you mean? This one was, you know, doing what she was doing down there, and she looked up at me, and I just, I was like, Oh, my God, Danny Partridge. Her lips were broken. Danny Partridge. Is that what you thought, Danny Partridge? Once I get a feel like that, I say, it's all over. How do you think this works? How do you think this crap up? He's come up to me. He's come up to me at times and gone, I got to break up with a brother. Bill, she's gorgeous. I got to break up with a brother. Why? One eye, two, there's a half a centimeter longer than the other. You do have some idiosyncrasies when it comes to checking. The freckles behind the knee. Like maybe freckles on the boobs, you would think something. I wouldn't even go that far. It's just, wow. I used to like an occasional spray of freckles on my women. On your girls. Kind of do when they're eight. We're getting a request for Cowbell Bill bits. Oh yeah. Jeff from New York writes, tell Cowbell Bill to do that cranky ass bit. Well, he hasn't done the cranky ass bit. You know what, that's weird. It's me doing an imitation of Bill doing the cranky ass bit. And for Bill to actually do the cranky ass bit, he's got to be working in a hot attic for about four and a half hours. And that's taking dump real bad. That's good, man. Homey goes home. So what's the deal? I will go home. He'll go home and shower, man. Yeah, you can't walk around cranky. Nothing worse than someone walking by and smelling like ass. I mean, for the love of God. And there's no telling. You can't tell me you don't know you smell like ass. Well, and take a shower. I just can't understand how Joe can go into the bathroom on the golf course, 6.30 in the morning, blow a loaf, and then go walk 18 holes. It's very easy. Just make a cup of coffee first. Yeah, that's the truth. You can't. You barely walk from the bathroom to the living room. That's it, man. And not work up cranky ass. Well, and if Bill's not going to do it, we found the tape of you imitating Bill talking about cranky ass. It's really quick. It's like 40 seconds. As cowbell Bill says, If you pop the nugget and then go for a long walk, you get cranky ass. You know, it's like you had to really force out that last milk dud. And then you take a long walk, you're going to get cranky ass. Sometimes you don't know that little milk dud is still dangling. And you get up. Anything over about a quarter mile and you got cranky ass. You don't want cranky ass. Got to make sure you clean up. Get every little nugget out. How about you? I'm working on it, brother. It's like a cross between Bill and Frank Bush. Yeah, I don't care how many times you wipe, there's still something on the outside of your body. I don't care. You got to get those little moist towelettes. I know all about it. Tucks? Tucks. No, those are hammer oil treatment. Bill, you got some problems there. The commercial for tucks was appropriate. They would put out the lit match with it. I don't know anybody, I don't know any guy, come on, you got to fess up to it, that hasn't moistened the tissue when they're done to get the full relief. That's it, man. Come on, ice cream. Lisa, what's going on? Nothing much. All right, you're interrupting a fine discussion here. This must be good. What do you have for us today? Well, my boyfriend's on his way home and I know he had a very hard day at work, so I wanted to do something special for him over the radio. What's that? Probably spank my ass. Okay, terrific. Can I say that word? What, ass? Yes, I say it, but he would like that too. Sorry, I got away from that so hard. And you bastard, you beat me by this much. Sometimes we do the show just for ourselves, don't we? And explain to Lisa a word we can't say on the radio. Yes, thank you, Elpie, for dumping me. Just a share so everyone else is in on it. Okay, so Lisa, are you naked at home? Yes, I am. All right, a lot of nudity today on our show. Yes, but none we're seeing. No, unfortunately. This blows. Are you a hot lady there, Lisa? Yes, I think I am. All right, you got a nice shapely ass? Yes, I do. And you want to spank it? Yes, I do. And your husband is driving home? Boyfriend. Boyfriend, sorry. Yes. Okay. What's his name? His name begins with a B. Okay. All right, so what do you have on right now? Absolutely nothing. I like that, always rocks. All right, why don't you, I assume you know how to spank yourself, so why don't you start whenever you're ready there, Lisa. Okay, ready? Sure. Okay. Why is that going to turn him on? You're not moaning or anything? I'm getting him into the mindset when he gets home. Well, you guys have some fine sex there. Oh, we will. Okay, thanks. If she had cranky ass, it would look like he was slapping a bowl full of chocolate puddings. Tom, what's going on? Hey, what's up, guys? Hey, man. I got a cranky ass story. It's my own story, though. Okay. Shut up. Cranky ass, my own story on the lifetime of mine. Every time I go to a bar, it seems I have cranky ass. You got to tell it like Bill. Every time I go to the bar, I have cranky ass. That's better. Listen to the deal in person. I get ready to go out and get at the bar, then all of a sudden my ass starts acting up, but I don't know what's wrong with it. So I got to go to the bathroom five or six times just to wipe my cranky ass, and it's never satisfied. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Now I got a turn for cranky ass. I never knew what it was. I felt like I was the only person in the world who had it. No, no, man. That's not true. Everybody's had it? I think all guys at one time or another have had cranky butt cranky ass. It's the most annoying feeling in the world. You just go home and take a shower. You get maybe in a confined area, you start spinning around like a dog chasing its tail, trying to find out where it's coming from. What the hell? What the hell is that? You're on the living room carpet doing the poodle shuffle. You're on the living room carpet doing the poodle shuffle. Legs akimbo dragging yourself with your front legs. Like a chihuahua. All righty, guys. Thank you. You need a bidet powered by Briggs and Stratton. Goddamn cowbell mill, man. I wonder how many people are going to come up to you Saturday night at Sergeant Pepper's in East North Park and say, hey, Bill, you got a good idea? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. And say, hey, Bill, you got cranky butt yet? You've been sitting on that drum throne for three hours now. Yeah, of course, cowbell bill, a drummer for the band. Yes. We're going to be down. Joe Groen showing up. But why? Mr. Potato Head. Perhaps you haven't noticed the hell on my forehead, loser. I'm home with wife and son. Oh, yeah. Wow. Seems to me. Oh, man. Times they are a-changing. All right. Let's get the band back together, man. Well, and a lot of people want to talk about cranky ass, but let's, uh, let's. Wow, what a great subject. All right, we'll be back. And if you're on hold, stay there. We'll get to you next. Some days, you know, for a last riot and other days you just flat out, fuck, we know it. Amptress thing, amptress. Hopefully, we have them today. 1027. W-E-W. Ritity Stacker 2, the world's strongest fat burner. Yes. Cowbell Bill wants to help us out with this live read today, I believe. I think he knows a few people who might need Snackers. What are the type of people that might need it? Well, for instance, you know, those old corduroys making a little too much noise. Building up some heat. Or maybe they're not making any noise at all. They grind it down and look like C. Covey with 65 Rambler. And I tell you, people that are overweight get the worst cranky ass ever. Yeah. Probably for some reason. For some reason, I was figuring out. You can't get back there. You can't bathe. Out of reach. If you can't bathe, if you can't get rid of your cranky ass, even if you know you have it, because your arms don't reach around. If you look like a T-Rex trying to touch his ass. We all know that's impossible. It's time for Stacker 2. World's strongest fat burner. Thousands have lost weight off of it. What does it do? It's the world's strongest fat burner. It cuts down on those cravings to snack during the day. And it gives you a boost energy. A boost of energy to get you through the day. And you feel it's effects 45 minutes after taking it, or your money back. Opie took one the other day. I swear to God, it looked like the cartoons. You ever see that when the dog would scare the cat and he'd fly up and cling to the ceiling? That was Opie. I was like, where's Opie? And I look up and he's stuck to the ceiling. It was amazing. Well, it had to balance out the valium from the night before. That's a joke, of course. Of course it is. No, it isn't. Okay. Stacker 2. That's right. No reason to carry those nuggets around bigger than walnuts. Take your Stacker 2. Yeah, Stacker 2 burns the fat, crushes the cravings in between meals, and it gives you a boost of energy. Crush the cravings instead of your lover. Stacker 2, give them a call, 1-800-LIGHTLINE. That's 1-800-L-I-T-E-L-I-N-E. Stacker 2. Stacker 2. Sometimes you feel like a nut. Booty dooties. Sometimes you don't. You guys are going to burn in hell. Opie has activated. One of them said that was WNEW. Ah, we're back. We have Anthony's crew hanging out with us today. Oh yeah. Whole studio full of fun. Cowbell Bill, my brother Joe, and Joe Gruen. Joe Gruen. Friend from the past. I haven't seen him in years. Yeah. Yeah, Joe, you can say something. I came here for the money, Anthony, wasn't I? For the rocker name. Well, take it. All right, we have a ton of cranky ass stories, and we also have a girl that's being waxed as we speak. Let's go to the cranky ass stories. Yeah, sure. Well, if the idiot would put Kelly on hold, we could talk to her on the air. Ah, who's screening? We have people that work for the show that spend half their time trying to pick up women instead of screening the calls. Come on. Come on. Let's put Kelly on hold, please. Ah, Kelly. Kelly. Hello. Don't listen to your radio. Hello. I can't hear anything. I can't hear anything, you stupid bitch. Did you hear that? She's listening to the radio, and we're in a 40-second delay. So watch, in a couple of seconds she's going to go, Oh, hi. Kelly. Smelly. Smelly Kelly. Yes. Ah, there he is. What an idiot. How are you? Good, how are you? Good. Pretty good. Sitting there listening to the radio, are you? She's still listening to the radio. Kelly. Kelly, you stupid bitch. You dumb plot. Could you turn your radio down? Turn the radio down, guys. Okay, it's down. Okay, it's down. All right, now listen to your phone. It's a phone call. Yes, I know. No, obviously you don't. Okay, now what do you want to do for our program? What do I want to do in your program? Well, right now I'm in a van with ten very horny guys. Yeah. Woo! Oh, chew, chew. And I'm the only girl right now, and we are heading down to Maryland. You're heading down to Maryland. Yes. And what are you going to do down there? F. F. Well, you know, we could have a little fun out on some boats, sail around, maybe get naked out there. Virgin. Yeah, right. Virgin. Virgin. It's a joke. She's been plugged more than Jay Moore does for a rascal's game. Hey, man. Kelly. Yes. So what do you want? What are you going to do? We're in the middle of the number one radio show in New York. What are you doing? You're going to get put on the rotisserie? Well, the guys, they have some duct tape out right now. Yeah. All right. And they're cute, fancier show. And we just heard a little bit you did about bikini waxing. Yeah. So we decided that they could bikini wax me with the duct tape. Well, that's good. And then how handy. After that, they could do your mouth and your feet and then hit you over there with a spade shovel and leave you in a shallow grave. That's pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. That's what we're planning. Oh, you're very naughty. All right. So Kelly, do you have your pants down? Yes. You're ready to go. Almost. I've got to take the underwear off first. Take the underwear off. There's nice, I have nice black lacy underwear on right now. My bad. She's like the retarded girl that all, you know, the sports teams take her in. Wait a second, one of my friends has to take it off. You get the feeling you need a spatula to do that. Are you naked, Kelly? Looks like she's got the underwear in the pancake batter. I must say we're getting some looks from people that are driving by. Yeah, I bet. What color van do you have? Green. Green van. What road are you on? We just got off of Arizona Bridge. Okay, I don't think there's any of our listeners in that area now. So don't worry about that. Got off of Arizona, getting on the Hershey Highway. All right, so let's apply the duct tape. Yeah, go ahead. Let's hear this. You want to pull out the duct tape? That would be me. All right. Let's talk to Sean. Someone with a brain would be nice. Okay, you want to talk to Sean? Yeah. Here he is. Good luck. I hope they wax it off. Sean, is she naked? Hell yeah. All right, what kind of patch does she have? What kind of patch does she have? Nice smooth triangle. Okay, why don't you apply the duct tape? This is going to hurt like a mother. Apply the duct tape. Oh my God. How much pot have you guys smoked? All right. Okay, terrific. Never mind. Stop it. Sean. Yeah. Okay, you have the duct tape in your hand? Yes, I do. You have a naked girl in front of you? Yes, I do. Peel the duct tape off and stick it to her thumb. Okay, so you're going to put it on her thumb? Yeah. Peel the duct tape off and stick it to her thatch. To her back? No, her thatch. Holy smoke. The guy next to us is listening. Hey, hey. Yeah. Hey, if we have a listener in the vicinity of the Verrazano Bridge, could you run a green van off the road for us? The guy next to you that's listening, by any chance is this guy banging her armpit? I can't hear a thing. Yeah, you suck. Look, look, look. I'm going to put it on her back. Okay, sorry about that. Secondly, don't listen to the radio, listen to the phone. Thirdly, peel off some duct tape, stick it on her private area and pull some hair out. All right, ready? And put the phone near her mouth when you do it, not yours. Ready? Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so you're going to put it on her back? Yeah. Okay, so you're going to put it on her back? Yeah. Okay, so you're going to put it on her back? Yeah. Okay, so you're going to put it on her back? Yeah. Okay, so you're going to put it on her back? Yeah. Okay, so you're going to put it on her back? Yeah. Okay, so you're going to put it on her back? Yeah. Okay, so you're going to put it on her back? Yeah. Okay. Okay, ready? And put the phone near her mouth when you do it, not yours. Ready? Yeah. Yeah. Ouch! Man, get that off me! Man, get that off me! Man, get that off me! Ouch! Ouch! Ouch! What? Ouch! This, this went horribly wrong. It sucked! You wanna talk to Kelly? uh, you wanna talk to Kelly? Uh, she's telling Kelly to go have some matchmaking. I don't wanna talk to her. I'm gonna talk to Kelly. I'm gonna come talk to her. I don't wanna talk to her. I'm gonna, I'm getting a little jealous. I'm gonna, I'm getting a little jealous. Do you want to talk to Kelly? No, but put her on the phone. It's Kelly's mouth. We should have went to the cranky as far as hi Kelly. Hi. How did that feel? It stung a little. Yeah. Okay, bye. I'm sure there's plenty of high protein lotion that will be rubbed into the wound in a couple of minutes. Well, you know I do have lotion. I can have one of the other guys put that on. Yeah, I'm sure they all will. Oil of the day. So how many of those guys are you going to allow to bang you? Well, I don't know. We're going to get into a jacuzzi tonight at the place we're staying and we'll see where things go from there. After you're done with all of them, you'll be the drain. All of a sudden she'll jump in. It's like, oh, it's empty. What happened? All right, Kelly. This was great. Thank you. Thank you. Good luck, Smiley. Have fun in Maryland. There she goes. There they go. Kelly in the green van. All right. Well, we've got to play the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, Oh, wow. The Patty Duke song again. I'll just call it that. Yeah. And the sister Dawn, of course, sister Dawn, who did all of the female vocal, finally, finally making her debut on song parodies. And she's going to be doing a lot more of them because I was short, a female vocalist, and I've had so many other ideas that I just couldn't, I couldn't execute because I didn't have a girl singer. You're an artist, Joe. Yes, I am. Thanks, Tony. All right. So what's the setup on this? We have a whole brand new audience listening here. It's a very offensive song. Yeah. A lot of people didn't like this the first time we played it. It's a song about Columbine. Yeah. And to the, the Patty Duke show theme song. Correct. But it's, it doesn't glorify the killers. It doesn't. It kind of just documents what happened a year ago to the audience. It just documents what happened a year ago today in a goofy song. It would be the theme that they could use if they made a sitcom out of it. Yeah. And of course that's going to happen. Yeah. Not saying it should be done. Although, although they did make Hogan's Heroes, which was a sitcom about a Nazi pig. Oh, that's true. So you never know what's going to happen. There's plenty of Nazis. Wow. Ilya Gonzalez as, as Eric Harris. Oh, Jesus. No, I think he's going to play the next Anakin Skywalker. Yeah. Yeah. That would make Spanish version of Star Wars. All right. Well, here's the song everyone's talking about. Okay. Anthony's brother, Joe, Cowbell Bill and aunt's sister Dawn. Right. Here it is. Here's still a new life, an M16 with high capacity magazines. But Eric liked to build the bombs and raise an olive tree to plunk. What a crazy bear. They were killers. Yes, I got it. Billions all the way. Shout out their school in trench coats. One year ago today. While Dylan picked out a chocolate stick and that being to some religious. Well, Eric goes out of control. The shotgun looks like a couple of bricks. They were killed. Yes, I got it. I got it. Billions and you'll find. They walked away. They walked away. They must have been locked up too tight. They lived a fair life. They were killers. Who's that columnar? Oh, my God. Somebody commented earlier. I like the post-production. Yes, someone commented earlier on instant feedback. It wasn't offensive enough because I didn't add in gunshots. There you go. There you go. F'ing ponders. Thank you, Dawn. Is Don on the phone? Rob from White Plains changing the subject real quickly here, Anthony. Thank you. That T-Rex, a stanky ass comment was f'ing hysterical. I almost pissed my pants. I bet stacker two advertisers never intended that to be in their commercial. You guys roll. All right, we'll be back. Stay there. I'm just f'ing around. Here we go. Hold it. Anthony, our genius gets lost in the crap. I'm going to cut the crap on this end, I can tell you that. 1027 WNEW. All right, Anthony, we're in the middle of commercials, but Scooter from the Bronx writes... Scooter. Scooter. Scooter. Scooter. You city people with your concrete and your shoes. Scooter from the Bronx writes... Do you think it's gay to talk to other people that are crapping when you're on the can in a men's bathroom? Yes. Hey. Hey. I don't know, I was in the Army, man. We never used to really care who you were talking to. Hey. Hey. Hey. Of course that's gay. Yeah, you can't do that. Well, the Army's one, that's a whole other world. Oh, you're talking about in regular civilian life? In regular life, you're in the can and a guy next to you starts talking. I don't care what he's talking about. It just doesn't happen. Yeah, but sometimes, even at work, sometimes I've got Vinnie and Jim at work and we'll all three go in there and bomb the bathroom at once. For real, we'll bomb the bathroom at once and it'll turn into a competition almost. We'll be like, hey, listen to this. We do that, it's just a fact of life. You're gay. I don't use public bathrooms. That's another one of Bill's idiosyncrasies. Some of those public bathrooms are just brutal. So Bill, what do you do if you're in Manhattan, you live out on the island and you have to go? I don't have to. Really? Cup of coffee in the morning, blow a loaf and I'm on my way. Clean as a whistle. Sometimes you open those stalls and it looks like a damn crime scene. Oh my goodness. Get off the police tent. What was the guy thinking before you? Who shot the salad shooter onto the back wall? What is that, black lettuce? God. It looks like a Picasso painting on the back of the bowl. I don't know if you remember this, but one time... No. There were babysitters over at the house. We were being babysat. It was when we were really young. The toilet bowl got clogged. Do you remember that? No, I guess I put it right out of my mind. It looked like a frigging fist. It was one of the babysitter's boyfriends I think. They used to have them all the boyfriends come over. I don't remember that, Joe. Thank God. Thanks for bringing it up though. Very therapeutic. It's going to take therapeutic care on that one. All right, Anthony. Mind Spring Internet Services? Yes, they teamed up with EarthLink. Join Forces. Bring you the best Internet access in the world. 1-800-M-SPRING. Give them a call and they give you the first three months of service for the price of one. Three for one deal. What do you get? Fast, reliable connections. Easy setup. Personal startup page. You get your personalized news, sports, entertainment, financial information. Much more personalized the way you want it. They're an award-winning free customer service. 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Toll free. That's important. You don't want those busy signals. Besides giving you the very best access and service, Mind Spring has a limited time offer for those who still aren't online yet or haven't switched from the other online service, the one that you get when you first get your computer with the little chat rooms and the keywords. Give them a call. 1-888-M-SPRING. 1-888-M-SPRING. Take two. Give them a call. 1-888-M-SPRING. Take two. Give them a call. 1-888-M-SPRING. Mention Opie and Anthony. Mind Spring will give you three months of service with a price of one. That's right, three for one. What a deal. Timmy. Timmy. Timmy. Call 1-888-M-SPRING. Timmy. Timmy. Timmy. Timmy. Give them a call now. Ask for the three for one deal. 1-888-M-SPRING. You'd be happier using Mind Spring. Opie and Anthony. Is this the best radio you guys could come up with? 1027-WNEW. Some days, yeah. Opie, John from Nutley, New Jersey, checking in. I just listened to Joe's Homo No. 1 on the website. Yes. It's hilarious. It sucks you can't play it on the radio, especially when he has all the sound effects going. Very funny. Great listening. I listened to Opie when he was out on Long Island. Ah, you guys rule. Maybe you brought him up. Look at the face Opie makes when you do that. That wasn't me, Opie. Look at the face Opie makes when you do that. Come on, Opie, it was a growing experience. That's where we nicknamed Cal Bell Bill, matter of fact. Yes, he was in the studio that day. Wow, we all go back, don't we? Jesus Christ. Maybe you brought this guy lunch at the Hop-Hop Industrial Park. Homo No. 1 is on the Sound Clips section of the FoundryMusic.com website. Right. The unofficial Opie and Anthony website. Go to Sound Clips 1, I believe. Yeah. A lot of Joe stuff that can't be played on the air is there for your entertainment, okay? Yep. All right, let's go to Jerry who's very pissed off about the Columbine song. Jerry, what's going on? I'm very pissed off. Climb on. Hi, Jerry, what's up? Oh, Jerry. What is that crap you were playing, man? Very, very offensive. Yeah, well, we know that. We understand that. I mean, come on, I'm a religious person. I go to church every Sunday. And I'm listening to this on the radio and it's driving me crazy, man. You're lying. I swear to God. I could tell by the tone of your voice. You don't care. No, I care. This is some kind of thing. Okay, now, after we went, okay, let's make believe it's going well. And we go, okay, sir, and we argue about it. And then what do you do? What do you pop out at the end of the call as a big joke? Go ahead. What do I pop out at the end of the... Yeah, what's your, like, the joke that you planned? Go ahead. Oh, there's no joke here, man. This is very, very offensive. Uh-huh. That sounded so phony. Oh, he just cut off. That sounded so fake. John, what's going on? Hello. Hi, John. Yes. This is Obi and Anthony. Yes. Oh, wait, I have a story about cranky ass. You want to hear it? Very important subject today. Cranky ass. Okay, it was New Year's Eve. We're going out that night. And me and Mike go out and buy a nice pair of shoes and slack. We go out to a local bar in Smithtown on Long Island. Actually, it was Wall Street two years ago. And I had Taco Bell in my gut. It was killing me all night long. Perculating. Boom. Perculating. It felt like... It was jacking the box. You know what it... It felt like lava in my gut. Lava. I know how that feels. All of a sudden, you just can't function. It's all that you're thinking about. You start sweating. Yeah, you're sweating. You're like, your legs are wobbling. It affects your entire body. Oh, we don't want to roll it in. You're just thinking of the bowl. All right, John, go ahead. And I'm dropping mad, foul, stanky smell out of my butt. All night long. I'm with my girlfriend, my friends. I'm with a group of people. I'm clearing out the place at the bar. So I go into the bathroom to take a leak. That's how that gets on the back of the bowl. Now you know. So I'm taking a leak and I feel it brewing. So I decide to try to sneak one out. Yeah, that's a bad move. It's hit or miss, isn't it? Let me tell you something. I felt the hot warmth. Hold on, dude. That's a little too descriptive. All right. I'm sorry. Let's just say you decided to go for it and it looked like the Mississippi River was overflowing. Yeah, you felt its effects. Just say don't even get into any real detail. Okay, I looked on the floor and I made a mess. Oh, my God. It was unbelievable. I was burning. I was burning. Isn't it ironic that Anthony had to hit the dump button? That's why they call it that, Joe. Okay. All right. And then you had cranky ass for the rest of the night? Well, no. I cranky more than that. How'd you get out of the club? Well, what I did was... That's extremely pissed off ass. I was walking out of the club like I've been on a horse for five hours. I'm walking out of this club. Bareback. No underwear. No, I was so nervous. I left everything on. I just walked out of the club so fast. I grabbed my cell phone to call my brother because he was home that night. And I called him up to come and get me because I had a mess everywhere. Everywhere. When you got to call family members for a dump, it was a bad one. Did it look like you rode your bike through a mud puddle? Worse than that. Worse than that. Of course. It was unbelievable. You'd ride your Schwinn and it wouldn't have a rear fender. And you'd have the white T-shirt through the mud puddle. It would end up on the top of your head somehow. Big line down your back. I had to leave all my friends there that night. All right, John. Thank you. All right. You guys rule. Thank you. Bye-bye. I think we have some audio of him that night. We're talking about cranky ass. It always happens when you get a room full of guys. And your sister's on the line. She'll fix this. Hi, Donnie. Hello. Hi, Don. Your song is very offensive, the song you sang on. Oh, cool. Getting reviews rolling in from women, ladies that can't stand the song, think it's very offensive, disrespectful and hate you. Welcome to the pub. Really? We just lost our ten female listeners because of you. Thank you. I love radio. You did a great job. Thank you. Where's my money? Pan pan. Come in. Opie will punch you. Cool. You'll get no compensation for this. If you were a singer, Opie, you would. Yeah. Yeah, Opie, if you knew how to sing... Don, you get no compensation for this. Why not? My time is money. You have to do it for like eight years before you can even plug anything, Don. Oh, so I can't plug my next appearance? That's right. Where's Don appearing? Don is going to be...actually Don will be doing a couple of songs with us Saturday night at Sergeant Pepper's Pub. There you go. East Northport on Jericho Turnpike, 10 p.m. I'll be there. Come down. That's going to be a lot of fun. Mr. Potato Head. You'll actually see what we sound like with absolutely no rehearsal since Halloween. You'll actually get to be able to meet Cowbell Bill. Do you bring down any of those, any of your hot little friends from Blockbuster for Billy? Blockbuster, Victoria's Secret, The Secret of Hollywood, you name it. Don used to work at Victoria's Secret and Frederick's of Hollywood. Well, not at the same time. No, of course not. But she'd have these parties at Christmas and it was the best thing. You'd go over there and Don would have these chicks from Victoria's Secret and Frederick's of Hollywood just walking around the household drunk and stuff. No cranky ass going on there. No, not at my party. Have you seen the new line of lingerie? No. And then they unzip and show you. Yeah. And lingerie girls just love to talk about their bras and they'll explain how it fits and the right fit and they'll show you what a good fitting bra looks like. One of my favorite topics. Now she works at Blockbuster Video. Thanks Don. Hey, I'm loving it. We used to get the Frederick's catalog every month and be in the mail. Now what? We get a free rental of a movie that doesn't have to be back for a week? I could be selling maternity clothes. You were. I was, I know. You just changed his job. If you could sell it, I did it. I've lost track of you, Don. Yeah, I've been with Blockbuster. I absolutely love it. All right, you were doing something else last time I talked to you. Yeah, I was. Can I get free videos? Well, no. Do I have to pay lay fees now? Yeah. I can't get the movie back on time. I can't do it. Get your movies back on time. It's not our responsibility. I swear to God. I've only gotten a gig at like the XXX Video place. At least it would have been good to stay. Blockbuster doesn't sell that stuff, do they? What's their policy on porno, Don? There is no policy. It doesn't exist there. Yeah, and they edit movies sometimes? Yes, there's always a rated version. Wow. Well, to keep your job, I'm not going to badmouth them. And they never have the instruction booklets when you run out of a PlayStation game. That drives me nuts. And God forbid if somebody comes up to me in the store, I don't know how to use a PlayStation. Come on, Don, give us a Be Kind rewind. Be Kind, please rewind. Thank you, Don. Good job with the English accent. Yeah, I want to hear that. I didn't get to hear it. I was busy working today. Oh, the spaz song? Yeah. Don putting in a request to hear herself. I want to hear myself. Could be the most self-centered individual I've ever known, my sister, Don. Hey, come on. Hey, come see me Saturday night. All right, thank you, Don. Take care, guys. I'll see you all later. Bye, Don. Bye. What are we, the freaking Osmond family? All of a sudden, Don's going to be there. The other retarded dysfunctional audience. Maybe Mom will get up and sing. Great. She wants to hear her spaz song? Yeah, Don sang on this. Joe wrote it. She actually, yeah, she sang lead through most of it. How about Bill? Anything to do with this? And also my wife, my lovely wife Colleen sang in the chorus also. Hey, I got an idea for tomorrow. Before we play the Dawn song, there's a video on MTV right now where one of these brothers is dripping wax all over this hot lady. White chick? Yeah. Ray, yeah? Let's drip hot wax on women tomorrow. You want to do that? Yes. For Good Friday. Why don't we do that? For Good Friday, why not? Hot wax on chicks? Any lady? Here, hang up. Screw the cranky ass stories. Everyone that has a cranky ass story, hang up now. Thank you, spaz. Look how fast he is at that. Wow. We need ladies to call out that want Aunt and I to pour hot wax all over their bodies. Tomorrow. You've got to be able to come in here. I'm telling you, because that video just got me going on. Hot wax. And molten lead. Got it going on. We'll get some candles, we'll get some girls, we'll write our name in wax, whatever it takes. Pour some hot wax on that Ann. Remember that, Anthony? Yeah. In our old little show there we had. Joe, you were there too. I was there. When this girl came in, she wanted hot wax dripped all over her body. That was hot. We were putting our initials in her butt and stuff. Yeah, Opie spelt Opie on her ass and then you peel off the wax and it's so hot that it left a red mark that spelt your name on her ass. We've got to get hot girls in lingerie tomorrow that want wax all over their bodies. We'll put it on the spaz cam and everything. Cool. How self-serving. I don't care though. Yeah. Alright. Hopefully some ladies will call for that, alright? Alright, here's Dawn's song for spaz. Dawn, Joe. And Joe, of course. Here we go. It's... That's good. That's really good. I like that one. Somebody commenting on Instant Feedback saying that my family is like a bunch of dot heads. You let one in and the whole bunch comes in. Yeah. Yes. We've got to balance it out and get some of my brothers in here. Yes, yes, yes, young, stubborn boys. Wow! Katie, what's going on? Hey, how you doing? You'll allow us to drip hot wax all over your body tomorrow? Yes. Oh, you're very naughty. Wow, where are you calling from? I'm in Westchester. Are you hot enough? I'm very hot. Really? Where do you want the hot wax drips? Well, you could start at my 36 double D's. Colleen, I'm coming in tomorrow too. Happy with my large boobs. Cool. Alright, Katie, hold on the line. Okay. Don't blow us off. Wait, wait. What? When are you going to play Stoner Spelling Bee again? We'll play Stoner Spelling Bee soon. We'll play when you're in here. We'll get you Stoner Spelling Bee. Oh, we can play when I'm in there? Yes. Okay. Alright. Alright. There we go. We've got our first lady for tomorrow, Katie. Yay. Wow. I'm hot wax. Over 36 double D's. Someone get her info before she gets hung up on. Get them large candles. And if we don't play Rick's bit, we're going to lose a producer, I believe. We've got to stab a yank-a-me candle and pick up some candles. Any other ladies that want hot wax all over their bodies? Because we're going to overbook this bit because it's got to happen tomorrow, okay? Oh, well, we're going to play Rick's bits? We have to. See, I bet the subtlety will just tap you right in the nose. Well, the deal with Rick, our producer, he makes some bits for us and he's what we like to call over the top man. He's totally over the top. Like, when you do a bit, you want it to be subtle, a little double entendre, something that you've got to really kind of think about to get the joke. Yeah, like me. Yeah, right. Over the top Joe. And Rick, I don't know, his bits are just over the top. Well, no, this one was cleared. I played it for the people involved and it was cleared. All right. And it just was a holiday coming up. It's for Easter. It's for Easter? It's a Little Easter fun bit. Oh, this old gag. All right. And it's a fake commercial? Right. For a greeting card company? Exactly. And what's the name of the greeting card company? I think John Benet did a commercial for them. Head greeting card. Oh, that's Waxana Riffing. Stay out of the way. Head greeting cards. I wonder where this is going. Can't tell, it's so subtle. Wait, wait. All right, wait a minute. I think I hear the subtlety. Yeah, there's Rick's subtlety. Is that Rick's subtlety? I think I hear it. Sometimes you just can't tell because it's so subtle that you barely even know it came by. Rick's bit. Is that Rick's bit? Come on. And we have no ladies calling for the hot wax thing for tomorrow. We got Katie, she's definitely coming in with the 36 double Ds. Any other ladies want hot wax on their body tomorrow? Yeah, more ladies calling. All right, well here's Rick's very subtle bit. We like to call him over the top man. It's a fake commercial for head greeting cards just in time for Easter. And now the Reverend Elijah T. Thunderburke for head greeting cards. Hello friends, I am the Reverend Elijah T. Thunderburke and Easter is now upon us. Easter, one of the holiest holidays of the year. A day filled with church gatherings, family and friends, Easter egg hunts, and of course celebrating the death and resurrection of our Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. But if for some reason you find yourself away from the loved ones in your life this Easter, then do the next best thing friends and give them head. That's right, head greeting cards say it all at Easter. Nothing I know says I love you more this Easter than when you give the special people in your life head. As a matter of fact, just today in my own rectory, I got cards from many of the people I work closely with, our own Sister Mary Margaret. Father Johnson and even every altar boy here from my church kneel before me, receive communion and then gave me head. God bless those little boys. And don't think head is just for Easter. No, no, no. Head has greeting cards for every holiday and occasion. That's right, now you can give head all year long. So remember, as you celebrate the rising of our Lord Jesus Christ, raise a smile on the faces of loved ones far and wide and give them head. Hallelujah. God bless. Head greeting cards, more than a mouthful. I almost didn't get it Rick. Yeah, well it's subtle. Oh wait a minute, head greeting card. I got it. More than a little mouthful. Let's see some of the reviews coming in. I'm scared. They couldn't hear it yet. Rick's got his head up his ass. And he's talking about greeting cards. Wait, wait. We might have to go. Ed, what's up? Hey, I'm just kind of confused over that bit. Was that a real thing or was it a little bit of a surprise? I don't know. I don't know. What's up? Hey, I'm just kind of confused over that bit. Was that a real thing or was it awfully subtle? Could you explain it to me? Alright, thank you. You guys suck. Have a good weekend. We appreciate Rick's over the top bits. Okay. Jim. Yeah, I tell you what, let's keep out Leone and send Rick back to Cuba. Have a good evening you guys. You guys suck. Oh, man. Well, it's not all my fure. Oh, look at that. Oh, a little competition going on. Hip hand. Hip hand. Drew from Hoboken. I learned that Richard Patrick left NIN because he didn't do anything. That's from yesterday. Yeah, that's yesterday. Butnut from Joyzee. What I learned today is a stupid bitch in a van performing a bikini waxing takes precedence over cranky ass stories on the old age show. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. What are your best out impression, Opie? Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Let me try. Hi, Joe. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. EJ the DJ checking in. That's Earl. Was that supposed to be funny? Ouch. Ouch. Oh, someone is saying you sound just like Imus. I think you ripped off Imus on that bit. That was my Billy Saul Hargis bit. Ripped off from me, Imus in the morning. Well, I heard he pays better. Shut up, Rick. Aww. Danielle. Yeah, hi. Yeah, but we do pay better, but you will have to work. Shut up, McCord. Danielle, what's up? Hi. How are you? We want to thank Imus. He appreciates when we joke with him. Okay. Danielle, what's up? Nothing. I won't use it tomorrow. I'll use it on characters. Unlike others. Yeah, I'll use it on characters, not milks. You're in trouble. Danielle, what's going on? Nothing. I want to try and come in tomorrow. To get hot wax all over your fine body? Yeah, I guess so. All right, where are you calling from? My car. All right, you're perfect for tomorrow's job. Yeah, yeah. We want wax in one ear and watch it drip out the other? Are you done? All right, I'm sorry. We don't want to blow. We want you in here tomorrow. Yeah, last time I met you guys, you said you liked me. All right, then please come in so we can pour hot wax over your body. Okay, can I come in early? Yeah. Okay. All right, hold on the line. We're going to get, make sure you come in early. Okay. We need lots of ladies to volunteer for tomorrow's show, Anthony. Yes. We want to pour hot wax all over their bodies. It'll end the week in style, right? Oh, rare form. So please, ladies, please give us a call first thing tomorrow, right at 2 o'clock if you want to come down here. We've got two that are confirmed already. All right. What? Yeah. Oh, sorry, I was whistling. It's a catchy tune. Well, we've got to thank the guys for coming in, really. Cal Bill Bill, always a pleasure. Sure. Joe, Brother Joe, another couple of masterpieces. Ouch. Thank you. Hey, wait a minute. Where is he? Go ahead, give me that again. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Yes, the sound like Jimmy Super, a blacksmith. Get that tape. Ouch. Ouch. Repeat after me. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Ouch. Virgin. You mixed up this communi tape. No. Virgin. Ouch. Ouch. All right, man. And of course, Joe Groon, thank you. Yeah. Good seeing you again. Don't be such a stranger. Maybe I'll see you again in 10 years or something. One last plug for the gig you guys are doing this weekend. Yes, that would be at Sgt. Pepper's Pub, Mr. Potato Head, which is Anthony Bill Brady or Cowboy Bill Cranky Butt. Just call him Bill Cranky Ass. Joe Curry on keyboards. Papa Nugget Curry. Myself playing the guitar at Sgt. Pepper's Pub in East Northport, 10 p.m. Saturday evening. Yeah, Jericho Turnpike. Everyone knows where it is now. That'll be a lot of fun, okay? Cool. We've got to step aside for Dynamike and we'll see you guys for FU Friday tomorrow. Woo. Lately. Thanks for checking us out. It's kind of like a car wreck on the highway. You're going to have to tune in to see what the hell these idiots are doing next.