 1027WNEW, the Rock of New York with Marvelous 3 and Freak of the Week off their Hey album. Good afternoon, it's Opie, it's Anthony and it's Ralph DeTora. Hello, hello. How are you, Ralphie? I'm doing good, I'm doing good. Man, Anthony and I, we got to work and the whole station is in a panic today. What is this going on? Well, here I am, minding my own business. I'm doing my radio show and all of a sudden the phones are going crazy. People are looking for Beatle tickets. So your old radio station guys up there are pulling a practical joke on you but the people weren't supposed to call until three. But of course the anticipation of actually getting Beatle tickets they called early to make sure they had the right number. So they went on the air basically. Our old radio station and their April Fool's joke was that the Beatles are getting... To call this number which was the NEW request line and you can buy Beatle tickets after because that's when you guys go on and you would be inundated with these Beatle ticket request phone calls. Interesting. So that's why we can't talk to our listeners today because the phone lines are all jammed up with people from Boston calling us for Beatle tickets because our old station thought that would be a funny joke. Say the Mayor's dead or something, that's a funny joke. That gets you thrown out of town. That's a joke with some balls to it. What do they do? You know, all right, obviously it's April 1st, April Fool's Day, you're not going to get any wacky zany April Fool's gag out of the Opien Anthony show. Not like Stutter and John playing disco songs. Whoa, I shocked everyone. Whoa, that was wild. Stutter and John, you're an embarrassment to the industry. He went on the air for an hour, he's playing disco tunes and he thought everyone would believe that K-Rock went disco today. That would be the big thing. Hey John, that's gay. If you're going to do a prank, do something, man. Pull it out. Put your job on the line like Ant-Nine did a year ago. Have some balls. You guys obviously can't top that. So you're going to be pretty calm today, I hope. No, today we're going to have a little retrospective. We brought some audio clips, some fun audio clips of what a real April Fool's prank is like. Not all the gay ones you're hearing all over town today. Ones where people believe you and it upsets an entire city. We got the news clips when we got fired. It's going to be a pretty wild show today. We'll have some fun with this one. But first we've got to take care of business now. So our old station, when the heat was turned up, really turned their back on Anthony and I and let us fry. Now they're trying to get back at us and they're saying that Beatles are reunion. Yeah, reunion concert, Shea Suzy, Julian Lennon with the other three, yada yada yada. Call at three o'clock and our phones are all jammed up. Alright, listen. Let's show our cute little old station that didn't support us when the going got tough. How much power we have here in New York now? You're going to jam their lines? Yeah, let's do it. I almost cursed. Yeah, I got all the special phone numbers of our old radio station. See you guys, you can't talk to us today because our phone lines are jammed with our old station pulling the stupid prank of the Beatle tickets. So if you're a faithful listener of the show and you have enjoyed the antics, you've enjoyed the Tuesday Night Hummer Club, you really like the new one we starred yesterday, Whip Them Out Wednesday. We've made you laugh. We've made your ride a little easier on the way home. I need you guys to call the following numbers. The audience participation. And I need you to call it over and over and over and over again. I'm looking for rich guys that don't mind getting a large long distance bill. Show this little Massachusetts station what New York is like. Right. You know, we've gotten a few phone calls. It's very cute. with the power of the biggest city, the pinnacle of the free world, New York. Yeah. And as for Dave Douglas, our old boss, that like turned his back on us and got scared and let us fry and let us get fired. Right. Where Anthony and I didn't know, you know, what was going to happen with our careers for two or three months. Yeah, Dave Douglas. As for Dave Douglas, I'm going to give these numbers out and I'm serious. You guys, please do us a favor today. All right. 236-1073. That's the business line. Now get a pen. Make sure you write this down. Get anything. Scratch it into a paper with your fingernail. If you're near, if you don't have a pen near you. 617-236-1073. So that's going to wreck their whole business because that's the main line. And then call their, their request line over and over again. Tell them, Opie and Anthony said, go to hell. Yeah. I'm serious. F them. 617-931-1AAF. That's a request line. Just pound them. And pound them for the next few days, not just for the next hour or two. We're going to show them the power of WNW in New York City. If you miss those numbers, get a pen. 617-236-1073. Or. The business line. Ask for Dave Douglas. Call him Dave Dickless. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, call him that. And say, Hey Dave, I'm glad that you didn't support Opie and Anthony because now we have them in New York. Throw in some random curses. That's always fun. Yeah. He loves that. And also the request line. 617-931-1AAF. Pound them. I'm going to get the private studio line where all the rock stars call. Yeah. We'll get the hotline number. I'm going to have that soon too. We'll give you the hotline number. Call up and make believe you're like a celebrity. Yeah. You know, and call up and just pound them. We'll give this out all day if you missed it this time, but the people that have it, um, start now. Just keep pounding them over and over again because you won't be able to call us really because the lines are just full of, I mean, over and over again. Watch this. Hi, any W. Any W. Hello. Hello. Phone's working. Yeah, they're working. Could be a treat. Hi, any W. Any W. Are they working? I hear like talking in the background. Tell Rick not to. Tell Rick not to hang up. Hang up outside. Hi, any W. All right. At least they're working. Now they're working again. Hi, any W. Hi, any W. I was asking about the Beatles tickets. That's ridiculous. Dude, that's Ozone playing a joke on you from up in Massachusetts. This is Opie Anthony. Oh man. Okay. Yeah, they are. They said they had Beatles tickets up here. I thought they were the April Fools thing. I just wanted to see if it was true or not. Yeah. What a wacky April Fools joke. How about saying the Mayor's dead? Now that's a good joke. All right. See you later. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. See you later. Bye, man. Hi, any W. Yes, I'm calling about tickets. For what? For what? For the Beatles. The Beatles? Is that a ... Dude, come on. Do you honestly think the Beatles are getting back together? I don't know. What are they saying on all these radio stations? Do you have all these radio stations? No, you just heard from one station. Oh, what's the one station? This is Opie Anthony. Who's that? Oh, wow. From Double-D. They do forget quickly, don't they? Who's that in the line? So this is an April Fools joke? Yeah, it's an April Fools joke. Yeah, it's an April Fools joke. Yeah, it's an April Fools joke. Yeah. Okay. All right, later. Yeah. Anybody interested in a Beatles reunion? Bye, any W. Yeah, hey, hey, why don't you guys give us the fax number up there? Oh, yeah, what is that fax number? What is that fax number? It's the same ... It's 1073, but 931. Okay, hold on. Here's the fax number. Now, the fax number ... Yeah. And you guys know how to destroy fax machines, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's a bunch of people that know ... I'm serious. Yeah. You loop like a black what? A black piece of paper. A black piece of paper, yeah. Yeah, it keeps going around and around. Who's this? Anthony? Yeah, OPM to Anthony. All right, the fax line is 617-931-1073. Yo, I'm going to hook you guys up, man. I'm serious. Just pound them. Pound them with curses and whatever you can come up with. All right, let's get them all straight. And make fun of them because they didn't support us and we were fired and stuff. We went to New York. We built a brand new audience and they're pretty much suck and win now, so make fun of them. Yeah, they're definitely jealous now. All right, let's get it straight. Write this down. Fax number 617-931-1073. All right, man. You guys got it. Do me a favor. Say what's up to everybody from the shed. All right, well, you just did. Thanks, man. Bye, man. All right, man. Hi, NW. Hey, how you guys doing? All right, what's up? I just want you to know that I tried those numbers and jammed. You can't get through. Thank you. You guys rock. I'll keep trying. Yeah, over and over again. I'm going to keep trying. I'm going to keep trying. I'm going to keep trying. I'm going to keep trying. I got the whole weekend. All right. Because you can even, because after 530 when the office closes, then there's all sorts of voicemails that you can get into. Yeah, well, we can leave lots of voicemails. Yeah, we'll do that. We'll give you the names and everything. Yeah, Dave Douglas. Dave Dickless. Dave Dickless, who didn't support us. There you go. There you go. All right. Take care. Bye. Hi, NW. Yeah, how you doing? Look, I'm with Veropy and Anthony. Right here. What's up? Yeah, I got a call. Yeah, I got a good one for you guys. Yeah, what? You ever get one of those fax machines that keeps dialing back to you? Yeah. So, all you've got to do is have people start faxing to the regular voiceline. Okay. And it keeps faxing over and over and over again. Well, whatever anybody can figure out with the ways to have fun with fax machines, keep them just rolling so they run out of paper all night or whatever. Just do that. If you have a voiceline and people use the fax machine that automatically re-dials, because if it fails, it sends again and again. Right. If you ever get a fax machine that calls your home phone number or something, it's very painful. All right, cool. Then get to work. Well, yeah. Bye. Bye. Bye. Hi, NW. Hey. Hey, what's up? Hey, how you doing? Nope. Opie and Anthony, what's up? Hey, it's Rick. Listen, I just, I mean, I really jammed up that fax machine. Oh, good. I don't know if you can really even get anything else through. All right, cool. I appreciate it. Very good. My dialer is 100. It re-dials 100 times. It won't disconnect. If it's calling the same number, it won't disconnect until the 100. All I feed in is, like you said, it's just a black paper. Let her rip, man. Let her rip. It's like solid busy. I got through on it. Oh, cool, man. You rule. Thank you. Hey, you guys rule, man. Thanks a lot. Bye. Bye. We'll teach them. They want to play a little. Massachusetts think they're going to win in a battle with New York. Yeah. In Jersey, please. We have a lot of faithful listeners up there, but this is just ... If they want to play a little April Fool's gag, they're talking to the kings of April Fool's prank. They throw us out of that pissant city. Don't screw with us. Don't F with me, boys. This isn't my first time at the rodeo. Oh, you guys can hit their website, too, where every single person that works there gets thousands of junk emails. That would be cool, too. Just go to their website, waf.com. All right? Yeah. Pound them. That's all we want. Hi, N.E.W. The little gag for the day isn't it cute? Hi, N.E.W. Poor Ralph couldn't do a radio show today. I know. I feel like Boris Karloff here. I've created a monster. Oh, no. Hi, N.E.W. Oh, hey, Anthony. Yeah, what's up? Hey, I'm calling from Boston. Hey, what's up, man? Hey, we miss you here, first of all. Well, we miss you guys, too, but we've got a battle we're in right now, a little bit. So, what's up? You guys hear what's going on at AAF today? Yeah. Yeah, that's kind of crazy. Yeah, that's a wacky little April Fool's prank they got going on, huh? Too bad. I don't know, not as good as the one last year. Duh. You guys doing anything today for that? Well, no, the boss got really scared and we promised him. We rarely promise anyone in management that we'll be good, but we promised him that we would keep it cool today. You should have seen Gary just, I think he crapped his pants when I said that we wanted to do some kind of a gag like the Serbians launched a tactical nuclear weapon over American troops. He crapped, a load came out of his leg, his pants. He was so, so we decided against that one. We weren't going to do that. Well, say hi to everyone up there for us. All right, I'm thinking about moving down there so I can look at you guys. All right, come on down, join the party, man. All right. Right on, man. See you later. All right. That's cool. All right, we've started. We're going to do a little retrospective on what a real honest to goodness April Fool's gag is. Yeah, you know, it was painful. I mean, by now, if you listen to our show, the only reason we're in New York is because we told Boston that the mayor died in a car accident last April 1st. We were the number one show in Boston. We were huge than huge. We felt very good about ourselves, didn't we? Yeah, we thought we were untouchable and we decided to, you know, play an April Fool's prank that people would never forget because we just think when radio guys go on the air and then do a stupid little, you know, April Fool's prank, it's embarrassing, like Stuttering John playing the disco songs today. That's just gay. It's stupid. So we there's a meteor. If you look out your window at exactly three thirty, you'll see a giant meteor. Right. And then after three thirty, I brought fall. Like come on. So we went on the air and let's give them a real one. Yeah, that's what we said. We went on, said the mayor of Boston was dead and people bought it. Yeah. And it turned the city upside down. And Anthony and I listened to the show for the first time because this thing has been written about for the last year. News clips. It was a national story. Yeah. And it's kind of painful to listen to. Yeah, it is. But we're going to do that for you guys today because it's really interesting. And also we got some of the some of the TV news clips are going to play for you. Anchorman chastising us. Just hating on itself. We got lots to do today. We'll even play a couple songs. There's a novelty. Yeah, man. Nobody else had anything to do with it. It was my idea. You know, it was all with fun. What idea? What's that? What? What idea? What idea? What the St. Beetle tickets go on sale at three o'clock at that number. Oh, your number. Yeah. All right. So so I like the business lines all tied up over there. Well, yeah. Yeah. But they were the guys that said the mayor's dead. Of course, we're going to go one step too far. Yeah, but you must get a kick out of it when the Boston people started calling and you were realizing, hey, it's hoping it. That must have been pretty cool. Yeah, it was all right. So yeah, so is Dave all pissed off and stuff? Oh, dude, he's it's a nightmare. I had a call you to tell you to stop giving up. He's making me call to tell you to stop giving up the business line. So just like he called to say, stop saying the mayor is dead. Yeah, we'll get right on it. So you don't want us to give the number anymore. Look at the studio line, but don't get the business line. I mean, we got to make some money, you know. Well, the business line is what? Six, one, seven, two, three, six, one, oh, seven, three. Yeah. Yeah. You don't want us giving that out anymore, right? Don't put this on the air. Don't put this on the air. Say hi to New York. Oh, so probably all my old homeboys are listening. Oh, so everyone so we used to work with Boston. Oh, yeah. Oh, man. I could have swore. Damn, I should have. That's all right. We got a delay now. We got a huge delay. Yeah, we're like delayed an hour. So we won't give out six, one, seven, two, three, six. I'm going to get your business number. We'll give it out up here. We'll have a battle. We'll see who more people listen to. Oh, man. All right. Oh, hey, good talking to you guys. Definitely. And happy anniversary. Happy anniversary. We just want to say happy anniversary. We still think about you up here. We miss you. We appreciate it. You should be up here. I just want everyone to know that. Well, we got this whole we talked about this the other day. It's like, you know, you guys are like our old girlfriend and the sex is really good. But now we have like a new girlfriend and she's cool, too. So we're kind of hoping someday to have like a threesome. I know Anthony and Opi were saying how much they like corn and Rob Zombie. And I know, you know, I don't know if you're allowed to play that over there. No, we got we got in trouble for playing Rob Zombie last week and God's not God's man. Well, he is the devil man. So I could see why he's got trouble. He is the devil man. Yes. It's good being on New York at my mom and my sister's listening. Good to talk to you all. All right. And I'll talk to you guys soon. All right. All right. Bye. John Ostellin. Here you go. He was one of the cool ones up there. Yeah, we like John. All right. Yes. The 617-236-1073. Don't call that anymore. That's really not a good number to call it anymore. Yeah, they'll really get upset if that keeps getting called. But the 617-931-1AAF, that's still good, right? Yeah. And the facts line 617-931-1073. Yeah. But definitely don't call 617-236-1073. Yeah, that's a bad. That would just be horrible. They F'ed with the wrong people. You know, the Rock of New York 1027WNEW, Days of the New and the Downtown ACDC before that. It's Opie and Anthony. Hey, we got a request for strength. We'll do that next. So stay right there. Okay? Yes. What do you got, man? Did you see the HBO show last night? The stripper show? I sort of saw it. I was so tired, though. I know I was really tired last night because I saw like the first five minutes. Yeah. And then I just went to bed. Let me tell you how good this was. I was on the computer playing Half-Life. It came on. I shut the computer off. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. I was like, I'm going to go to bed. You gotta play this.