 What's that, a train? What's that, a train? That never gets old. Yes, the O&A show. Welcome to this Tuesday. Who's responsible? What day are we on? March 28th? What's wrong here? I'm responsible for plugging your computer and your laptop on my line. Is it ever plugged in on my line? Ever. I'd have to say no. No. Am I supposed to use this line? This is just a cluster ad. Well, soon we don't have to worry about any of that because we have decided something today, Anthony. In time, this is going to be our studio and all the other shows are going to have to broadcast somewhere else. Yeah. We got the big, huge office yesterday handed to us. Our office is bigger than any of the bosses' offices. That office rocks, man. I don't even know what part of the office you're hanging out in. Have you seen me? I haven't seen you yet. That's great. I was looking for you on the map, but then I got lost around Ben and I couldn't find you. I think I got off the wrong exit. This office is so big, we have five people that are hanging out in there? Yeah, five people in the office. And we pretty much need a telescope to see people. It's great. I actually called Opie to ask for directions to where his desk was because we had to discuss some stuff. So I just call up. I'm over here. I was using the megaphone. Oh, there you are. It was so funny because Pete's been working for NAW for, I believe... Screw Willard Scott. I think Pete's been working longer than Willard Scott. Willard Scott celebrated his 50th year with NBC today. Oh, did he? Oh, yeah. That's a great thing Willard's doing over there. Huh? Pete's been here 40 years. Pete's been here 40 years. And I warned him today that there's going to be some more changes for the Opie and Anthony show. First, I said, get the blueprints out because Aunt and I want a spiral staircase that goes to the second story of our office. Right. The spiral staircase. So whoever has the office above us, because we take the ninth and tenth floor on this building, whoever has the office directly above us is going to have to vacate soon. Yeah. Because we're going to get a spiral staircase up to like a loft. And that's where we'll like, you know, do our movie watching before the show. You're going to watch me lose my effing mind. I know. I can't wait. You're going to watch me lose my effing mind. That's why I'm smiling. I'm basically stalling because I know you're ready to lose it. Who? I got to ask, who looks up that laptop that Opie uses? I don't know. Does somebody else use that during the other day parts? I would assume yes. Can anyone give me an answer? So why today all of a sudden did someone go, hey, you know, let me pull the wire over from where Anthony plugs his laptop in and plug Opie's in? Let me just do that. That's odd. Wouldn't you say? So now you can't plug yours in? Well, I'm working on it. We'll see if it works. I got a little green light here. That's a good sign. And you're getting an attitude. You want too much from this place. Dude, I'm so heavied up on some of these stocks. I can't be offline for more than three minutes at a time. Believe me. Please trust me on this. The only radio show in America where we do online trading as we broadcast. Day trading as we're doing the show. We're doing the show. It's amazing. You think we're kidding. We're not. It's like a bunch of the old jocks. What are they used to doing the old days? Pot pot, maybe do a little coke. Yeah, possibly. I'm trading. Please. All right. I might be OK. Well, let me look. And am I getting online? OK, I'll use this wire till tomorrow. You're online, right? Yeah, that wire works. And soon you won't have to worry about that because this is going to be our studio. We're going to lock that door when we leave here and no one will touch our stuff. No one will be in here. Then where are they going to broadcast from the other studio? Wherever else they want. We have one, two, we have two other studios. Each show should get their own studio. We'd have our own studio. That's my goal. That would rock. We got the big office. We want our own studio. I told Pete to get the blueprints. I said, Pete, there's going to be changes around here soon. We're going to want our own studio. He was panicking because I don't think he's done anything in 40 years. Oh my God. Oh my God. Come on. The guy works hard. I bust on him in the hallway every day. He knows I'm kidding. But I did tell him to get the blueprints out because we're ready to expand. We're going to start blowing walls out. I was talking about blowing walls out too. Like, you know where Earl just got moved? Earl went from our office. Which was huge. Huge. The huge office. So we moved in there. Wait, I've got to stop you there because it was really funny. The people that were in that office before us had to hand over their keys. It was very awkward. Very degrading. Because I go to Pete, Pete's in charge of pretty much everything. As far as that stuff goes, I go, Pete, you know, Aunt Nye, Spaz, we all need keys for the brand new big huge office. And all of a sudden he had to hunt down the keys. Instead of making new keys. Earl, your keys. So Earl had to come into the office with his head down and hand over his key to us. So now Earl is out in between our old office and our new office. Correct. Our old office now occupied by Jeremy. Our new boss. Yes. What's that about? He wanted our old office. No, I think he wanted to be a little closer to us. Is that the truth? I'm a little worried about that. Well, it's, you know something? You don't want the boss that close. He's not much closer than he was before. You sure? Yeah, well, yeah he is I guess. But we've got that buffer, that buffer of cubicles that Earl now does his work in. You know that area? Yeah. So now in the future we're planning on blowing the wall out, taking over the area that is the cubicles and blowing out the boss's office, which used to be our office, and making that whole area our office. And making a, we're going to put a wall in and we're going to be completely separated from the entire station. We're like Hitler in Europe back in the old days. We just keep conquering offices. That's what we're doing. We're marching, goose stepping our way down the hallways. That's right. Taking over the offices. I like our new office. So Pete was happy with that. So Pete was panicking because I'm sitting there telling him we're going to lose this wall here, we're going to need a spiral staircase in the corner to go up to the second story of our office that's going to be a loft. And then I go, and I go, Pete, be prepared. You're going to have to rewire this whole station because Aunt and I are taking over the main studio soon. You know what? I'm a little unhappy with Opie. You say I'm getting a little out of hand. A little bit. Well, I've got something to take up with you here about the office. Okay. Desk space. You don't use desks. Well, let me set the scene for the people at home. All right. Opie has this huge wood like President Clinton oval office desk in the office. It's huge. It was Scotso's old desk. It's the big desk. It's the big desk. We used to have like four people working off this desk. It was so big. Now, my desk is a little rolling computer table thing with my computer on it. My huge monitor that takes up the whole desk. I have no desk space. So I was saying yesterday, I go, perhaps I should have a desk somewhere in a corner of this huge office. Opie's like, Aunt, you've got the corner of my desk here. Yeah, the other side. No, it's supposed to be our desk. The other, right, our desk. You know what it looks like? It's my desk. You ever go to work with your pop to his office and he's working and you set up a chair in front of his desk, put your little highlights magazine up there and your little Twinkies so you can have lunch with Dad. That's pretty much where I'm at here in this situation. And then you left stuff on the desk and I'm like, no, I can't have this. He piled my crap up on my little computer sliding table that has no room. I'm like, this is my desk now. What, Ben? It does the first thing. You're like, get all this stuff off my desk. Oh, my desk. And then he tries to tell me, no, it's our desk. No, it's your desk and I'm intruding on it. And the problem? I want my desk. You can't have my desk. I want my own. I don't care about your desk. I want a little corner of the office to call my own, hang up my own form of pornography. Sure. That's funny because we all have our own pornography. Everyone's got their own smut. Everyone's got their own smut that they want hung up by their areas. But I don't know, I'm thinking somewhere in the corner, maybe by the window, I would like a little desk. I have my computer thing, which is fine, but then maybe something. I'm not talking about the Oval Office President Clinton OP desk. And you understand, though. What? For you and I, I'm wheeling a deal and I need the big desk. The big desk. I sit there, I put my feet on the table. I can see that over the phone. I'm calling Boston and Washington for us. I'm wheeling them dealing. Are you on the phone? How are you doing? Yeah, no, right now I got my feet up on my huge President Clinton desk. It's great. It's just like the one he got a homer on. It looks good. It's the biggest desk ever. I don't know how they moved it. And we all know I get in a little earlier than you. Yeah, and I'm trying to wheel and deal. Most of the times. Wheel and deal. For us, right? Right. So I need to look important. Behind the big desk. I'm not saying I am important, but it's good to look like you are important. Well, you know something, to have a little corner of the desk to put my stuff on so that you could yell and tell people to move it, it makes me feel a little inadequate. Well, and I was a little embarrassed because I don't really need your in-sync CD on my desk. Look, I'm going to work with Daddy. Look. What the hell is an in-sync CD doing on my desk? Somebody was being real funny. That's all I'm saying. I know. Somebody thinks it's real funny to send me in-sync CDs. Well, let's not forget the DJ Jazzy Jeffs. DJ Jazzy Jeffs greatest hits also. Thank you. I'm sitting there wheeling and dealing, you know, sales people coming in, they can't see that stuff. He's supposed to have this cool image. So I say get it all on his side. Right. Well, I need something of my own desk. I don't need something. I don't need the freaking aircraft carrier that is Opie's desk. You could land planes on this thing. You know, people could bang broads on half the desk and I wouldn't even notice. It's that big. No, you need like an L-shape. An L-shape desk. An L-shape computer thing. You've got your computer in front and then the other part of the L around to your left side would be perfect for you. Still where I'm sitting? Yeah. No, because it's in front of your desk still. Oh, you need to like take over. I need my own area. Okay, I see that. I can't be in front of your desk looking like the kid that's going to work with his father. I'll tell you, I know where you're going to end up. Where? You're going to have to take over his area. No, I don't want to be there. I will go by the window. Keep. What do you mean? That's where I am. I don't know. Kind of by, um. Just keep Rick where he is because he's as far away from us as possible. That's a good idea. So keep him there. You're going to have to take over Ben's area. I'm sorry. No, no, no. He's going to be a little pressed. I will not do that. No, I will not do that. I wouldn't do that. Well, my desk takes up most of the window space. Maybe I could saw my desk in half. The desk is like, you know something? Oh, but you certainly do not need a desk that big. You people don't even understand. We've got to get a picture of this thing and put it on the website. It is retarded big. CEOs of IBM don't have desks this big. I'm going to get one of those big, huge leather comfy chairs. Get the big comfy dead chair. Where the top of the chair behind you is still a foot higher than your head. A glider. Right. You could like get office equipment with like golf things on it. I'm going to get the- Get your name plate. I'm going to get the Ted Knight lamp. Caddyshack. Sit down, Daddy. Your desk is ridiculously big. It doesn't have to be that big. I don't know why. It's taking up so much room in that office. Know what I'm thinking? We should get little high school desks like that in school. Where you sit in there and it's connected. The seat in the desk. That would make more sense than us. You know? Yeah. Whoever sits in this desk before me is a ass. Whoever sits in this desk in third period's mother is a whore. And I got the solution to the problem. What? We're going to have to expand already. Already? We don't have enough room. The largest office in Manhattan. We don't have enough room. If we blow out that wall, you can have your own space. Have you ever watched movies where there's this big high powered executive in Manhattan and they go into their office and it's the hugest office ever? Yeah. That's our office. And we still don't have enough room because it's Opie's desk. You're on a power trip with that desk. It used to be Scott's desk. And he needed that room because he's banging Yoko Ono on it or something. I don't know what he was doing on that. But he had this huge desk. And then it was our desk. It was never our desk. It was your desk that I got the privilege of having a god-fucking corner on it. Even in the old office? Even in the old office. How the old office was set up, it kind of looked like it was both our desks. Okay, who had the side where the chair slides under? Me. Oh, okay. The side where it's like, oh, my chair doesn't slide under. Oh, where your knees hit? Right. Oh, I never knew that. No, it was only because it's one sided desk. I had no clue. It's not a table, it's a desk. They're already using my desk as the lunch table too. I'm not happy about that. Well, they moved the lunch table into the lobby. We designed this place. The lunch table, a lot of our listeners come by to say hi. Make sure you take a look at the lunch table next time you're here. Yeah. It's at the bottom of the stairs in the lobby. You know what the funniest part is? I mean, we used to come in and the lunch table was in the middle section between the two offices that we occupy now and our old one. So we would walk past the lunch table every day. The language that comes off of this lunch table from Psycho Mark alone and then you throw in a few other characters and forget about it. Psycho Mark, the C word is every other word in his vocabulary while he's eating lunch. While he's eating lunch. He's eating lunch. F and C, F and C. Bang, that F and C. It's just like loud as hell. Now the table is positioned at the bottom of the staircase that leads up to wins. So people that are waiting to get into wins, whoever it might be, maybe a politician come down for an interview. Maybe a ladies auxiliary. Who the hell knows that waiting in the wins waiting room, here's Psycho Mark chewing on his sandwich yelling F and C, F and C. It's a, it's a freaking comedy show this place. All right. Well, I guess we got to expand. We need more room. Now we need more room already. Yeah, I think so. I'm going to have to look at this office and see if I could fit a little cubby hole in around OB's desk. You're a desks. That's funny. But I don't have a computer though. Yeah, you do. I don't have one. Oh, you're getting what? Where's that going? Where's this computer going? I don't know. On your desk. Probably. Actually, that wasn't even the plan. See, I don't want everyone to think that I got what I wanted here. I lost my computer in the move. How did you lose it? I gained the big desk as mine officially, but I lost my computer now. What's Rick's now? Rick stole my computer. So I don't even have a computer. So I'm using his because he's gone this week. Then my private phone is ringing and I have to run a sprint across this office into my phone. The huge office. Right. I have my computer from home. I didn't even get a computer. You know, I really don't raid around here. I wasn't even able to get my own computer. I had to bring my old piece of crap Packard Bell from home. And there's like car battery jumper cables that Scott Colombo hooked up so it works. All right, in all fairness, I got to play devil's advocate here though. Okay. When was the last time you used a computer during work hours for work? For work? Well, let me think. You know, the games often make their way on the air, Opie. Just asking because I think management is going to ask that question. They're going to say, Anthony, do you really need your own computer that the company is going to have to pay for? Well, Opie, and I would answer that is I believe our show prep is just living our lives and commenting on it on the air. Living our lives in my case is playing video games and trading online. Then yes, I do need a computer. Allison thinks that we're turning on each other. Wait, I got to get her on the line. Move the phones down. Allison, what's up? I have been loving man. First it's open-ended against the world and now you're turning on each other on my desk. Get back to shaving some answers, will you? All right, Allison, thank you. We're turning on each other, huh? Yeah, it's a power trip now. Look at this. It's just like Martin and Lewis. We're both going for control of the radio show. Secretly. You can have it. I know, really. All right, we've got to take a break. Everyone, obviously, patiently waiting for Spaz Radio. Spaz Radio. We started that late in the show yesterday. Right after commercials, we're going to finish up with that. There's some great stuff still to come on that. Where's the Met thing? We should give away some Met tickets too. This coming Monday, opening day at Shea. We came up with this nice little concept. We were going to hang out with like a hundred of our listeners at Shea, party, drink beer, watch the Mets. And unfortunately, we're going to be flying back from LA on Monday. We're going to WrestleMania. Got to thank the McMahon family for personally inviting us. That should be a lot of fun. We're going to have a lot of good stories from our LA trip. In our place, it's going to be Psycho Mark. You're going to go with close to a hundred of our listeners. We're all sitting together. It's going to be a lot of fun. With that, I've got to warn you, the tickets are okay. They're not the worst seats in the house, but they're not the best, if you know what I'm saying. It was tough to get a hundred seats together to do this little concept where we wanted to hang as a group. All right. So with that said, how many want to give away, by the way? Two sets of four? All right. We'll do two sets of four. We got to thank the fine people of smallworld.com, Anthony. Yes, thank you. It's a fantasy baseball website, and they donated the tickets so we can do this. Okay. And you can win great prizes, including the All-Star Game in Atlanta and the World Series, just by checking out smallworld.com. But let's give away two packs of four to the 10th and 11th callers right now at 212-757-1011. 1027, quick break, and we'll come back with Spaz Radio. Stay there. Hi, this is Louis Black from The Daily Show, and you're listening to two of the most psychotic human beings I've ever met. My pals, Opie and Anthony, on 102.7 WNEW. Sometimes you feel like a mess. Do-de-do-de. Sometimes you don't. You guys are going to burn in hell. Opie and Anthony, 1027 WNEW. Look who stopped by the old radio show, Anthony. You never know who's popping by. Do I get the hug? It's my pal. Sure. Adam Ferrara, comedian extraordinaire, actor, water filtration device salesman. You've got to bring that up every time. Everyone has a past. Everyone has a past. Now, Adam. This is King Jim. Oh, the King Jim. We discussed that for like a half hour yesterday. You had to. I was so mad I couldn't get here yesterday. The King Gimp from the Oscars. I'm going to miss the King Gimp out. King Gimp. Yeah, you know why he's king. That guy was great. Let me follow you and learn your ways. King Gimp, what brings you to the fine city of New York from your native Los Angeles? I miss you, and I hate when you say that. Yeah, I know. You're from New York. I know that. You know that too, Opie. Yes, I do. You know, Adam's known you for a long time, Anthony. I'm going to ask him. Okay. There's a power struggle going on here. Anne and I both trying to take control of the radio show. We've been working together for... I'm smelling the urine in the hole. Somebody's walking in their territory. We've been working together for close to six years now. We think the other person's trying to take control of the show now. Right. Feeling a little bit. You know, that's how it starts. Then one of you marries an Asian artist named Yoko. And it's all over. It breaks up the band. Welcome to the Opie Radio House. So we moved into a bigger office, Adam. Look at you. We now have the biggest office in this whole place. Bigger than the boss's office. No more Anne Frank suite? No, not at all. Very big, and half of it's taken up by Opie's desk. Oh, there it is. Opie has the huge aircraft carrier Nimitz desk in the office. Fasten this. Hit the wire. Hit the wire. Meanwhile, I have... Remember the desk that you took your SATs on? Oh, that little David Copperfield... It's not even a full desk. You sit in the chair and the little desk part flaps down. You're in a Kino chair. Yeah. So, and you know where my little chair is positioned? I'm in front of my computer, which takes up most of the little desk area I have. But they put me in front of Opie's desk. Oh, so it's a place, you know? Like when you go to work with Daddy, and they set the chair up by the desk so you could eat your Twinkies and watch Daddy work. That's where I am. I'm in front of Daddy's desk. Now you have to be quiet, Anthony. Opie's on the phone. Yeah, yeah. So basically you're... Use the big boy voice when you're in Daddy's office. And Adam, you know... You're on the card table in the hallway. Yeah. With a fruit cup. What I was trying to explain to Aunt, I get in early and I'm wheeling and dealing for Aunt and I. I'm making phone calls, talking to salespeople. I need to look important. So I put my feet up on my big, huge desk and I'm taking calls. I didn't see you like Go Heads Adams with the ticker tape. Sell, sell, sell. What's then buy? Now the question, Adam, I have for you. You've known Anthony for a very long time. Does Anthony need a desk at all? Um... Well, he... See, I knew that. He's real busy, doesn't he, sitting right here? I need a work surface. A work surface? Regardless of what I need it for. You never came off the coffee table in the apartment for guys like that. Yeah, these guys live together. If anything but beer cans, I need space. I need flat surfaces to put stuff on. All right, I'll tell you what. I've seen what happens when he doesn't get his way. So give him the damn desk. I understand that, yes. Oh, man, come on. When he gets mad at you, like he just keeps picking at a wound, like, say, Hospitaliano! The best part is we moved into the new office and the big desk, you know, followed us and I said, no, and of course it'll just be like the old office. We'll share the big desk, you know? And I decided on the train this morning that, uh, I'm going to the desk. So I come in around, whatever, 10.30 or so, and so they stop us at the big desk. I'm like, I can't have this. So I made him remove it and put it on his keyboard, on his little computer. It's like dumped on my computer. I'm like, what? My stuff! And he says, oh, we're sharing the desk. It's not a table, it's a desk. So the chair only rolls under on one side. I try to roll under, my knees hit. This isn't my desk. I'm like an intruder. Get one of those partner desks with the big line in the middle. Partner desk? Partner desk? Partner desk? Partner desk? Hey, Elby, you want a partner desk? Hey! Hey! Well, we got a new template. Hey! It's been a while. I finally got control of the hay. Hey! I know, he took control of the hay. I used to do the hay for the show. Hey! Hey! One of you gets the desk. Hey! Hey! One of you gets the hay. Is that fair? Don't make me separate you two. I'm telling you, there's a power struggle going on. If I separate you, it'll sound like Lycus and we can't have that right. I used to control the hay, Anthony. What's that about? Why do you need to control the hay, Guy? I said from the beginning when Marco first said, hey, I need that on my instant replay machine. Yeah. And you took it and put it on the machine that I think, all of a sudden when Opie wants it to play this, see, look what I have to do to play the hay. Finger, push button. Hey! There it is. Hey! Hey! I'm an old operator in an old switchboard in the 1900s just to get the hay work. Get me Murray Hill 6664. Yeah, that was pretty much what he had to do. Oh boy, well we had each other's throats today. I walked in, I saw it. It's like a bitch fest and we're both on the rags. I know. I was looking at the calendar, the numbers were doing those little bloated dicks. It's pamper and day here. Oh, it's funny. I don't know. I don't, you're right though. I really don't need a desk the size of President Clinton's Oval Office desk that all pass. It's great though. But something just... Look at you. You're so shuffleboard on this thing. You're good. It's amazing. I just need something on the side of my computer desk where I could put beer cans. Dads, get the card tape! I'll say it again. I think we have to go to the boss and tell him we need to expand our head. We might need a bigger office already. Already. Okay. I see it now. Oh, we got to tell you the other thing. You haven't been here in a while. No, Dad, why? We're going to the bosses tomorrow and we're demanding that N.E.W. is called the O.P. and Anthony Station. The O.P. and Anthony Station. We just keep asking for ridiculous things. And they keep giving it to us. We'd like to get paid in cougar hands. No, no, because the money thing is what they won't give us. Oh, they won't? No. So it's funny. They give us everything else. So now we want to be called the O.P. and Anthony Station. N.E.W. O.P. and Anthony Station. Just something. Have some bumpers made up. And I think they're going to go for it. How stupid is this? What else can we ask for? Get a Fabergé egg. See if you can get one of them. All right. Now what brings my pal back to New York? I'm working. Getting you on. Are you doing that thing? That thing? That thing? Not the other thing that we were talking about. The thing. We did the other thing. It's the other thing with the guy. The other thing with the guy. That guy. I've got to do the thing with the guy. All right. Sure. I understand. Very exciting. The thing with the guy. It's very good. The exciting thing with the guy. Can we talk about it? Yeah. Oh, okay. It's just fun to do it this way. I know. Did you get the shirt? Did you get the bullets for the shirt? So you're taping a pilot. A pilot for ABC with Dennis Leary. Dennis Leary. Look at that. A real name. Not the hospitaliano. Non-hospitaliano. You're not a hawking salad. There's no product involved in this. Where will mozzarella sticks come into play in this pilot taping? Is there a breadstick anywhere around the set? Is it fresh and can you bring the family? How do you feel in your head? Do you feel like family? Do you feel like family? Now they've got some broad doing that. You see that? No, I didn't see that one. It's the same lighting that gives you that Damien from The Old Man Eyes. Oh, that kneeling down at the casket lighting? I say we go with Geisha. Did you see that? I look like a carton of milk. Not only that, but everybody I know, especially like my sister Dawn, my mom, they know you, love you, said, did he wash his friggin' hair? I mean, do you have to do an Italian restaurant commercial looking like a greasy dago? Your hair was, what was up with that? What do I know? I went at the hair maker. Adam, olive oil in the hair. What else, Mr. Desk? What other problem? And then you wonder why I stay alone for so long. You know something, when finally this pilot is picked up and you are on national network television and a successful series, I'm knocking wood for you and I have faith like no one else, the hospitaliano thing will go away. Thank you. But I am just working on what I last saw. And you'll find something else to break my balls in there. Yeah. Yeah. That's what friends are all about. The larynx bumping. I'm afraid when they air that list thing I did for VH1, I'm going to get reamed for that. Oh yeah, you did the list. With George, George Clinton's nuts. He's like hysterical nuts. He's that black guy. Yeah, Paul McFuckin Ellis. Who's the black guy? Did you smoke weed with him or something? No, but I got a contact high in the mail. Who else is on there? Yeah, when's that airing? I have no idea when it's airing. Who was it? Biff Naked, a police thing named Biff Naked. Biff Naked. I know. And the girl from, what was her name, from Starship Troopers? The blonde girl? Oh, the blonde girl. Oh, yes. I thought you meant the other one. No, no, she was beautiful. Yeah. And Michael Bol... Did you bang her? Yeah, sure. Just like that. I got a girlfriend. Girls come up to me and say, you're funny. Thanks, I got to go slam my genitals in the drawer now. I'll be fine. I remember you used to work the crowd there at those comedy clubs early in your career. What do you think, you do it for the pay? Like at Eastside Comedy Club out on Long Island and stuff, Adam Hotshot, you know, young comic, gets out there, kills the room, just kills them. They're dying laughing. Comes out, the guy's making like five bucks the whole gig. Five pesos. And I'm like, you know, he's got to work his way up, you know, kind of feeling bad because he's very talented. He's killing the room, like I said, and not getting paid. All of a sudden he walks out by the bar area to a harem. These girls are just coming up, you know, funny. You know something, when you said, Hey, thank you, Dash. Oh, we're going to start, Mr. Lead Singer of As Is? Get out of here. You want to get started with those stories? Get out of here, shut up. You know, I wrote that song. Really, I can feel your pain. Mr. Singer, man. Yes, sir. He used to play the whole disassociated artist thing. He'd finish a gig. I just didn't want to clean up the equipment. You were in a band called As Is? Oh, please, many years ago. Do you have tapes of this in? I do. Do you really? Oh, I do. Can you bring them in next time? Oh, I'm going to. All right. Oh, I'm going to. You bring those, and those are only audio tapes. I have video of you that I'll put on a website that will get hit by millions of people. You know, the hate I have for you right now. What kind of video do you have, man? I've been electronically trumped. Yeah. What do you got? You got me some e-sign? I got some stuff where, you know, you were a brilliant comic. Hold on, smartass. I have RDTV tapes. Mr. Chef Resin? Ha ha! All right, what's that about? We did a local cable access thing. Yeah, yeah. And we did this little TV show with me and Aston. It was a cooking show with a stone guy. Yeah, he was the stone guy. It was typecasting. You've got to bring some of this stuff. Boy, it'll be like a war, a media war. You're lucky it's radio, but he couldn't see you turn white. You suck, man. All right, forget it. All right, none of it. It's like an arms race over there. It really is. It's Pakistan and India. It's like when you're in a street and you're just ranking each other out. No mothers, man. Right. Pulling out the old Betamax tapes with dust on them. All right, you hanging or what? Yeah, I've got a car. I'll hang for another break. Oh, what? What are you just stopping in? I came in to say hello. Usually I hang for a couple hours. What are you taping today or something? I actually have to be, I've got to go. Really? Forgive me for getting a job. Yeah, really. Come on. I stopped on the way out. And his attitude's changing. I see. Look at this. All right, go hang out with Leary. Go hang out with your new friends. I don't want him talking directly to me. Can we put up with something where he doesn't have to look at me? I guess that's a little more important. Dennis Leary. Yep. More than us. Instead of your pals. Remember? Oh, yeah. I know. Who are you kidding? I'm here for love. I could have some money. So you think you could get him on the shelf for us maybe? Sure. To the point when you guys are really pushing this thing? You keep threatening at that video. All right. And if you're curious as to what it is, I'll get you to the point. I'll get you to the point. I'll get you to the point. You know, like any hack comic of the 80s with a... Yeah. Come on. Wait a minute. Who helped me write that? Oh, yeah. You. All right. Getting ugly in here. What are we all in the ring? I remember the advice that you gave me. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. I remember that. You know what I remember? The advice, run your fingers through your hair like Richard Lewis. They do that a lot. He didn't tell you to do that to him? That's what he told me to do. Run your fingers through your hair. I don't think I said that. I think you did. Sweat like Louis Anderson. Show me, Martin. Oh, he's hysterical. Oh, yeah. He's a weasel. Oh, a laugh riot. He's just watching him. I'm waiting for him to explode. I know. Have a heart attack. You know what reminds me of... You remember Willy Wonka and Baruchka when she ate the blueberry? Yeah. And she got all blue and then... We have to juice her. The little blue-lumpus. The little blue and then... We have to juice her. The little lump-a-lumpus had the roller out. I'm just waiting for the stage to roll him out. We have to juice him. All right, let's take a quick break. Yes, maybe Adam can hang out for a couple of minutes. Show me office wear. Ding! Jeez, much too important. I have to make sure my trailer is just so. That's right. I'm much too important to be captured. You're stupid good-lookers. Opie and Anthony. Unfortunately, Joe, you guys are really funny stuff. But you guys take it too far. To the point where I literally get nauseous and sick listening to your radio show. Go take a mitle. The Anthony Pizzano of Mulberry Street. Of Little Italy, huh? We love Pizzano. We're there all the time. Love the food, the atmosphere. And yes, for Joey, he's the owner down there. You get a free glass of wine with your meal. Good place to take the family. They have real Hospitaliano down there. Not that plastic Hospitaliano that Adam was selling. Are we live? Because I want to call you a prick. Are we live? Sure. Yeah, we're live. Duty head. Yes, Pizzano. Like I said, Adam, you want free food tonight or what? Huge mortgage portions. I better go down there. Go down there. That's real Italian food. In Little Italy. It says here, look at this, authentic old world Italian recipes. Nice. They brought them over on the ships. Joey himself. I'll have the Ellis Island linguini. Yeah, brought with the family. Romance of Italy, warm, friendly, relaxed restaurant. Pizzano of Mulberry Street. Don't forget to tell them too, Ant. You see Joey, you tell them, open Anthony's Sension, what happens? I heard you get a free glass of wine. Oh, very good, Adam. Very good. Adam listens to the radio show. It's Pizzano of Mulberry Street in the heart of Little Italy. Give them a call. 965-1188. That's 965-1188. Open Anthony. You guys can conflict. Piss me off, okay? One, oh, two, seven, WNEW. Yes, it's the Open Anthony Show. Our phone number, 212-757-1027. We did not forget about Spazz Radio. Adam Ferrara dropped in. So, you know, I've got to talk to my pal. Yeah, we're delaying Spazz Radio. Adam's with us for another 20 minutes or so, and then we'll get into Spazz Radio. Can you hang out? I saw you on the phone. He's on the cell phone during commercials. This isn't the guy that was trying to sell me water filtration system back in the 80s. I'm on his cell phone all the time. He's on the phone. He's on the phone. He's on the phone. He's on the phone. He's on the phone. He's on the phone. He's on the phone. He's on the phone. He's on the phone. He's on the phone. He's on the phone. All of a sudden, oh, he's so arrogant. Why, because I'm not yelling out the window? No, Paulie, your sister's with me. I'll call you later. It's his cell phone. I know, I'm just saying, like, I'm ordering imported wines. You're making deals. Look at you. Who ever knew I'd see this? When we were hanging out there in Green Lawn. Wait, time out. Adam, your buddy Anthony has a cell phone. Yeah, yeah. I'm not, oh, and during commercials, I'm making deals. Bye. I'm doing that on the computer. I know. He's on the computer trading stocks. He's got an IRO. He's got all kinds of stocks. I'll tell you one thing. It must be important in his life because he's blown off the day trading to hang out and focus on what you have to say today. Really, look at him. All my stuff's down. I can't sell nothing today. That's why. Sucks. Come on, damn NASDAQ. Some bitch had to say something to some brokerage firm and it screwed up the whole NASDAQ. What happened? She said, oh, I'm removing some stocks from my portfolios. Right. You know, and then put them in cash. What do you want to do? So then what? Everyone pulls out, puts the money under a mattress for a week and then puts it back in. Leave it there. That's what the stock market does. You know what I like? I've bought a beer for five years. Yeah. So what, do you want that money back? I remember this. This isn't a tall boy. And like a schmuck, I go back and I get the tall boys. Yeah. The lean years. The lean years. Adam, I owe them $600. You do? Yeah. Oh, you heard about that, right? I was going to take it out of your desk. You heard about that. No, I'm not. This is classic. Let me hear you. This is classic. I can't go into too many details because of pending litigation. Right. That sounds like you. Yeah. But I would get those calls. Hey, pal, how you doing? You got $1,500? I really can't tell you, but I need it. I never borrowed money from you. No, you took it, you bim. So, guys, what's the story? I don't feel as bad. No, I'm not kidding. Well, Opie's girlfriend, Sandy. Oh, is this the cruise? Yeah. Oh, you heard the cruise story. Very good friends. Yeah. With Jennifer. Why? Well, when Jen decides to take Sandy on a cruise down to the Caribbean, it doesn't sound like a bad idea until it's being paid for on Anthony's American Express card. And Sandy went. You know, I mean, that's all fine and well, but I need to clear my name. I had no idea what they were scheming behind the scenes. So how long have you known she went on this cruise? A little longer than you knew. Okay. So we're talking months now. Right. Yeah. And how much have you compensated me for the cruise that Sandy went on? None. That would be zero, sir. None more money. But why should I pay? It was someone else's idea. I had nothing to do with this idea. If the situation was reversed, it wouldn't even be a lapse. I would have written a check and paid you the money. I'm going to have to sell my big desk, I think. Sell your big desk? And then he checks his stocks on a daily basis, too. Right. And he's like, oh, I'm doing good today. Oh, I'm doing good. Occasionally you've got to sell these things. I know. I'm a long-term type of guy. But if I need to pay, I'll sell a few shares. We've got $75 laying around. Laying around me at Barrett & Shell. I want the boat with two propellers. So do you want me to pay you by the end of the week? Wait, why isn't Sandy paying? That's best left for Opie to explain. Opie? I yield to the man behind the big desk. I don't think Opie's going to tell unless he wants them to go on another cruise on him. Let's just put it this way. If Sandy pays, she'll be writing the check from the bank of Opie. Oh, okay. Okay. I got it. Yeah. Now she's going to call up and scream, thanks. I need this today. What? I'm just saying, you said that you were going to pay for the cruise. When would you like this check? I'm not putting any deadline on this. You pay when you feel... Oh, no, you know me. You know me. You need to put a deadline on this. I don't need structure. I need structure like the big desk and my own organized area. I need to know when I need to bring in my checkbook. Because you know me. I'm just being honest. You know me. If you leave it up to me, I'm just going to delay. All right. Okay. Let's set a day. I'll tell you what you do. I'll do it live on the air. I'll write the check so you can hear me cry. Let me tell you what I'll do. It has nothing to do with this trip. I know. See, now I'm feeling a little guilty about that. You know, it wasn't really Opie's fault. I'll tell you what we do. It goes away like that. Adam, I did find out and I'm like panicking. I'm like, oh my God, and I'm just praying he didn't find out because they got a pretty good bargain on this cruise. I'm like, if he looks at the number, maybe he just assumes it's one trip. How do you find out it's two trips? I called my Amex, wondered why the hell so much money was being charged on it. And Adam, he told me. We don't keep anything from each other. This time I did though. I'm just like freaking panicking. I'm like, no. This is like when Archie kissed the waitress. I'll tell you what I'm going to do. You don't love me no more. All right. Here's what I'm going to do. What would you like? You give me the money. I will instantly invest it in some high risk crap. If I can double it, I will pay you back. And I know I'll double it. I will take that. I will. And with that, I am bringing in my checkbook tomorrow. And I will invest it. I have within two days. Two days? What do you think I'm dealing with? Come on. I will either lose it all or I will double it. That's great. I'll do that because I kind of feel bad that yes, you didn't go on this cruise. You didn't know about it when it was happening. You have to learn how to curb your squeeze. Curb your squeeze? My God. Jesus. I'm paying for a cruise I didn't even get laid. See? Yeah. And you didn't know until after the fact. So I'll do that. I apologize for knowing and not bringing it to your attention. You have seen by silence. I invested in some very high-risk stuff. He's going to go to an Indian casino. And what time tomorrow would you like me to write the check? Tomorrow. If you're going to do this for me. That's good because that will give me the rest of the week to pop it up. I want to see you double the money. I will sign the check at 2.45 tomorrow. I want to see if you can double it before 7. Okay. Kind of risky. I know that's... All right. Adam, I've seen him work. Sure. I want to see what I pulled off in Disney. Oh my God. Really? Oh, it was ridiculous. Stop it. It was recorded. It was recorded. I go on vacation to Disney. And 9.30 in the morning I'm up. I'm logged on. I got the Disney TV over there is tuned right into CNBC watching Squawk Box. I start trading. Danny. Danny. Sit down, Danny. That was pretty good. You pretty much paid for your vacation, didn't you? And the cruise. And the cruise. It was really a good day. I just figured out how to download pictures. This guy is technologically inept. He has been for years. You just got an email address, right? Yeah. He's like, what's your email address? I give him the email address on the website. He goes, can I email you there at the time? I'm like, I'm going to the hotel. I'm like, I'm going to the hotel. I'm like, I'm going to the hotel. I'm like, I'm going to the hotel. I'm like, I'm going to the hotel. I'm like, I'm going to the hotel. Yeah. Yeah. He's like, what's your email address? And I give him the email address on the website. He goes, can I email you there at the Foundry Music? No. See, that's Foundry Music, the website where we put up pictures and videos from the radio show. My email address is something different. And this is a wheel. I turn on my computer. And don't touch the fire. It'll burn you. I turn on my computer. A little man comes on and just gives me the finger. And he says, sit down. And this from a guy who probably bought one of the first laptops ever invented. Remember that thing? Oh, the one? He bought this laptop, I swear it was 1988. It ran on steam. 87 or something like that. As big as my desk. Yeah. Those old VCRs would pop at the top with the remote. Top load. You have to slam it down. It was ridiculous. And it had a monochrome monitor. There you go. No color. Black and white monitor on this thing. Amber and I was like yellow or something. Yeah. It was horrendous. It was orange. I was like, I'm going to use it to write, I guess. Because there wasn't any graphics happening. We didn't know how to do anything else. There was no online. There was nothing. You're a pissy. What kind did you get? I'm like, it's a white one. See it? Come on. What kind? What does your processor speak? Meanwhile, he takes a computer chip out of an Atari game. He's got an APY coming into the house. I've seen him work. Did you see him do that? I've been very up on the internet for many years. You've got to show me how to do this in Vestas. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been doing this for a long time. I've been very up on the internet for many years. You've got to show me how to do this in Vestas. Oh boy. You don't want to get... No, no, no. Let's see how the series goes. Let's see if the pilot gets picked up and then you worry about how to throw your money back. Let's start with downloading a JPEG. I got that. I can do that. Let me tell you something. This goes out to anybody who wants to get into online investing. Your first year is spent losing money and feeling very bad about it until you learn from your mistakes. That's it. It happens. Okay. Then you start working it. The only thing is the first year, thank God, you don't have the balls to pump a lot of money into it. Okay. You cannot possibly be the same guy I met seven years ago. That's all I've got to say. Why? Because the people only know you have come a long way. He's like Gordon Gekko. It's unbelievable. He really is. He's like in a 3B suit on a treadmill with a hot line. Remember to BAB, I used to come in, it was like nine o'clock, I was drunk. I was like, oh, he's drunk again. Nine o'clock at night, I was at the bar after work. Life is hell. Come on. I remember Roman Laundry. Yeah. You used to do the laundry. You used to go to the laundromat over in Green Lawn. Next to the bar. I would load the clothes in the washing machine. There were times I would let the clothes run through a second cycle. I'd go over and pump more quarters in because I needed to drink more. They're like, ah, they're not quite clean yet. Add more Bacardi and Cokes, please. Roman Laundry. Adam, help me fold. Listen, I don't know how to fluff. What part is that? I ain't no fluff girl. Now he's a day trading whiz. Why? Come on. He was always into gambling. You know what? Gambling. Come on. This is Wall Street, my friend. Yeah, you can get... Look. This isn't the craps table. You can gift wrap a rock. You still got a rock. I got a wedding. So what do we do after your wedding? After you got married on the green shag rug in Port Jeff. In a guy's house. In a guy's house. We see some guys living in one, a green shag rug, and his wife is watching Barnaby Jones in the other room. And we had to keep it down. And he's getting married. So he gets married. And then the whole... He goes off to a great start. That's where it began. The whole wedding procession, which consists of my car and two air conditioning trucks. That shouldn't have been on the road. That shouldn't have been on the road. I had to stop at OTB to bet the pre-k. That is the reception. Give me two across the board. We wish you nothing but love and happiness. You know what? For wedding present, I'm going to get you a Quinella. You bet. That was it. We were standing there in suits at OTB. And all the people look up. Damn, they must have hit. Everyone's looking at us. It was the preakness. Come on, you've got to bet the preakness. Sure. So I don't want to hear crap. He's some Wall Street executive. He's a back alley stern-up. I'm with a bankroll. That's classic. Yeah, my pal, thanks. Jesus Christ, I feel like King Kemp. I'm going to get you a Quinella. I'm going to get you a Quinella. I'm going to get you a Quinella. I'm going to get you a Quinella. I'm going to get you a Quinella. I'm going to get you a Quinella. I'm going to get you a Quinella. It's respectable trading. That's it. It's a legitimate thing. It's not like put it all on black. I know from whence you came. Thank you, Adam. Wow, is that funny? Well, don't you have to go shoot someone. Yeah, I'm going to shoot you. You already did. Anthony, your brother's on the line. Oh, Christ. Oh, no. Hey, Joe. Hey, Joe Buck. That has some incredible timing. Hey, you guys remember when you were talking about those songs? I've been holding off like the past 20 minutes, man. I know. I saw you on the screen. Anyway. That's okay. Why? Was the president on the other line? I have something to say. I'm going to go get you a Quinella. I'm going to get you a Quinella. I'm going to get you a Quinella. I'm going to get you a Quinella. I'm going to get you a Quinella. Anyway. That's okay. Why? Was the president on the other line, Joe? No, but I just don't like hanging on hold on a long distance call for 25 minutes. Geez, I miss my son. Listen, everybody's busy. I'm ragging today. Everyone's ragging. You're all cranky. We're going to pass out the tampons after this break. Everybody's on the rag, man. Maybe some soothing musical take care of it. Yeah. Oh, shut up. I know what that is. All right. That's great. Did you hear it? Good. I have the chorus coming up. That's okay. Who wrote it? I'll admit, I wrote it. Yeah. Okay. Wait, wait. So? What are we listening to? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Oh, and this is... It doesn't matter. Joe wrote it. We're listening to Zebra. Yeah, might as well. Again, who engineered it? Hey, man, I got to have something better than this. Oh, is this a Blaine Fest today? What is going on? Yeah. All right. So, Ann, I'm assuming this is you as the lead singer as is. Uh-oh. What is he doing? Hey, Joe. Yeah. Don't you have a stack head to staple? Yeah, I do. In fact, that's what's giving me my investment money. Yeah, good. How's ECNC doing, Joe? This is the best thing. I'm talking about it. This is the best thing. Hold the phone. Joe, I get this phone call from Joe. Right. Ann, I got a good tip. Invest ECNC. It's Econnect, something to do with Palm Pilot which took off, you know, Palm, the IPO, which tanked also. Yeah. And he goes, check this out. So, it was like a 10. It went up to 20 the next day. Joe, did you pop out at 20? I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. I did. Did you pop out at 20? 22 it went up to. Yeah, 22. Did you pop out? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. You can't accept the fact that your first investment tanked. Amen. And it happens for the first year. Right. It happens. I went into AirTran. My first investment, right? But it was ridiculous. The stock went from $1.90 something on the prior Monday, I bought the next or the following monday at ten dollars by that friday or by that thursday was up to twenty two this thing had volume on it more than any of the blue chip stocks on their best friggin day in a week it went up twenty bucks from a dollar to twenty bucks you don't think that the sec isn't going to look into it you know the meaning of pump and dump because because the the this is what's alleged the head of the company said they had an arrangement a deal an exclusive deal with palm right for the palm pilots that came out he had nothing with nothing nothing joe he had something you could palm island but it wasn't an exclusive agreement you know what the agreement was exclusive all right you know what the agreement was anybody can go to the palm site and fill out a form where you have an agreement with palm it's that's the truth anyone could do it you could i could log on right now and while we're on the phone have an agreement with palm semantics and then the ceo is getting on saying he's pumping the crap out of that stock saying he has an exclusive deal and all of a sudden the sec looks into it and uh almost they put a restraining order against the guy question why are they trading again why are they trading again long and bad with what they did why is it why is the stock trading again where's it trading joe on nasdaq no it is not it's trading in some over-the-counter crap oh south american over-the-counter bulletin board now it's over the counter sm it's trading at two if i want to buy some do i gotta wait for like the cafeteria truck to pull out pretty much adam buying now joe bail out when it's at two on the horse died in the back stretch the horse really died they came with a bow they did what i bet on a horse in the back stretch it just went fell down died it was like it was like animal house the jock is getting off the horse yeah and the thing reared up died they took the truck out loaded him up it was worth the two bucks all the way out of that but the funniest thing was sean's face this guy this guy's john goes bad bad and good all right joe your email is screwed up i try them what i'm going to give you a copy of the cd to bring in next time okay great i don't think i'm ever invited back there you could come in any time you want joe you know you can joe we're waiting for you to come up with the most offensive song for the most yeah song contest i already have it in the works but i thought i might be uh precluded from uh what is what what's the matter all right there's a problem here is a family of wnew and i told you there you go no entony talk to your brother what's the matter joe is the insulation glue getting to your head i'm gonna wrap you in the scrim joe scrim joe we've been in addicts somewhere we've been waiting for your song crap i know i'll come up with one then i'll come in the ones that are supposed to be funny are the most offensive ones i figure if you're right one of the most offensive ones that are it'll should be really good it'll be really offensive all right man you're welcome anytime to come in here you know that i call i ran into cal bell bill by the way he came by he's back from florida came by work yeah he's back and uh he came back with uh with a truck he's got a uh he's got a brand new four ring bring him when you uh come in he's real funny i'm kidding with you give me a break all right i'll see you guys later all right man adam give me a call at home i don't have your email address all right pal all right brother there he goes what a slug fest today this is wow this is great ecnc i love that guy everyone has a stock tip though it's so it's like a-holes we all have dude this was it's like that scene in the graduate plastics yeah plastics wherever you go though you know what it is a lot of unless you do some uh research and look at these things it is a friggin pyramid scam remember the the pyramid scams of the 70s and 80s oh you got him how much did you lose yeah you know what it is and it's the same thing there's always some cousin going you're going to get yours back first yeah yeah no you're the one that's going to get it how you bring in a few more people you go up on the pyramid that's how it happens it costs you 10 grand to get in before you know it next week i give you 25 grand you're out that's it you made your money you made 15 grand and you'll never see me all of a sudden what what happened to my money oh the pyramid collapsed remember the mayans same thing the whole city died they left it there half built the version she was on a virgin all the money's gone so some of these stock tips are like that especially the over-the-counter ones if they're not on the nasdaq the amex the new york stock exchange some of these things aren't looked into before people can start trading them this one ecnc just took took a dump first it went skyrocketed in a week which is enough to tell you something isn't quite right right so uh when joe called me with this tip i'm like wait a minute what is this i look at what it did i'm like come on this thing's spiking like a friggin uh like an icicle and uh the next day trading suspended i was like oh joe oh yeah what happened i can't get my money out i was up to 20 it's not a two i know excuse me if you would have if you were to win in the morning and you would have sold it like a 20 words oh you're in you're in oh you made your money you get your money back oh yeah nothing happens at the expense of the poor saps that stayed really that's called not being greedy oh all right you can't be greedy you gotta take profits if you're going to stay in something for a long time for years you want to retire on something like dell or ibm or microsoft or something that's fine you leave your money and it goes up it goes down you don't bother with it until you're ready to retire that's fine that's a great way to do it if you're playing it on a daily basis you don't stay in them too long because eventually people are going to pull out and it's going to take a dump if you make some money on it you make a good return on what you put in pull out and if you look at it the next day i curse you go oh hell it would have been nice if i stayed in but uh you know you you got out you made your money and that's what you do you can't get too greedy that's me is that your wall street talk yeah i i flip around the s word and when i'm really serious the f word and the c word that's great and it has happened about these effing bonds they should put me on uh cmb6 squawk blocks with anthony yeah well listen um steve c from the unofficial opient anthony website uh foundry music dot com writes i totally forgot i had this but i just found the video clip of adam's hospitaliano olive garden commercial oh i am putting it up on the unofficial website a return engagement of hospitality i gotta go come on pal it's your friends hi let me give you a hug and here take this in the groin be proud of your work you cast the check right i'm talking about the work i took the cash i know my flyer pop i don't know if i should do this you know my father says hey you want to be an artist go rent a loft and be misunderstood you need to eat that's great it was funny because i get the job on this pilot right yeah i call my parents and they say congratulations now hell yeah every day the phone rings my father's like hey deniro did the ship come in i'm getting tired he's a funny guy big joe all right uh you stay and you're going i gotta split oh look at him look at him i gotta remember the old remember the old tonight show with johnny carson bob hoped walking do a quick thing is i now johnny gotta leave you can't stay and slide down the couch so johnny bishop come on he's the gotta leave you gotta leave you're the gotta leave guy now his career has made it to the gotta leave guy can't slide down the couch can you matt got laundry can't wait for uh a couple of rum and cola some fluffing and folding can't wait for jim fowler to bring out the uh snakes i'm sorry i'm gonna miss the ring all right watch the squirrel up on the desk well best of luck to you tell uh denis leary we said hi you got it and send him up here if you can because we don't know him at all you know what are you kidding he's he's like a real stomp jim we don't have those people here no no offense wang it's a parking lot best of luck to get my pal break a leg and where's your hat thank you looks good on you though all right and we'll take a break we got spaz radio next we've got to thank adam for adam thank you for stopping in and uh if the series gets picked up you're uh you're in new york for good i'm in new york yeah well we can all uh hope and pray for that one so like rag you want a daily basis i gotta come home as much as you aggravate me i miss you yeah you got to get the twitch back in my office as we take a break more med tickets opening day anthony all right uh one just give away one one pair of them two all right two uh four packs of tickets and that's opening day at shea monday with psycho mark courtesy of small world dot com it's a fantasy uh baseball website you can win great prizes including the all-star game in atlanta and the world series tickets for both those just by logging on to small world dot com let me just say thank you mike charles detective at the 19th precinct that uh let us go in there and look around all the guys at the 19th precinct to get you out of a ticket no it's all it's a cop show oh yeah adam's playing a cop so you had to do a little research yeah i can look at you method acting i get a gun and everything do they hand out the plungers but we got to thank mike charles for taking care of okay very good job look at you playing uh 10th and 11th callers get the med tickets two one two look at you playing a stock i love it i don't want to turn the mics off it's too much fun all right we gotta take a break spaz radio next stay there you're like a black guy for all mankind i don't think they're very nice people the only way i could actually think they were funny was to be on heroin opi and intensity you know i just like one i feel the love 1027 wnew entity stacker two the world's strongest fat burner yes i got it works i gotta tell you uh the email's coming in a lot lately a lot of people checking out this stacker two and it's working for them well they know the warm weather's here it's here now i was reading this uh one letter from this lady she got she goes screw the three things the three things of course uh world's strongest fat burn yeah burns the fat gives you a boost of energy and it crushes the cravings in between meals right she says you could go for days in bed on stacker two oh and a woman said that yeah oh it was a great email meaning she could yeah all night all night long well she says she usually gets tired within uh i don't know five or ten hours okay the stamina yeah she was going for hours she said and she's convinced it was because of the stacker tail so now she's like i i could care less if it burns the fat as long as i you know last longer in bed i'm happy that's how i happy camper she's going to be a toothpick in bed so stacker two is uh the world's strongest fat burner that allows you to bang longer bang longer with stacker two come on back at what happened stacker two yeah you take stacker two and uh you could uh you could uh do it all night really yeah wow it's also the world's strongest fat burner that gives you a boost energy oh how cool is that you sound a little more excited and get on they're spending good money on this i'm writing as i talk s-t-a-c-k-e-r stacker two there you go there you go i mean i'm so confident that you'll love this product and lose weight that they will send you a free trial size size free trial they'll try you it's great they'll try i didn't do it it's my understanding you've been going all night it was the stacker too i'm responsible it's great stacker two and uh like i said the warm weather it's here yeah now it's it's too late to say uh the warmer weather is around the corner now you're taking the jacket off what happened during the winter oh my god you blew up like the pills very doughboy didn't you oh yeah now you gotta lose that weight stacker two you take it you feel its effects like 45 minutes it's younger burning fat and you'll bang longer bang longer yes stacker two bang longer new slug line all right it's one eight hundred light line for stacker two the world's strongest fat burner that's one eight hundred l-i-t-e-l-i-n-e oh the opi and anthony show 1027 w-n-e-w lisa yeah what's up i love you that commercial is awesome with my favorite man adam ferraro who you haven't introduced me to yet adam rocks yeah you know why he's got a girlfriend oh well when he doesn't it's pretty steady and uh i don't want to throw a monkey wrench into that work okay well when it's not steady throw the wrench i love you guys thank you so you like stacker two that you know makes you bang longer oh you put me on the air i'm going to kill you i'm banging up the phone all right bye goodbye look at her now she didn't know i believe she's the sales girl for stacker two she's going to sue us all right let's get into spaz radio yes everybody eagerly awaiting remember yesterday at the end of the show we took a uh a little uh journey into the mind of spaz he's going to do a feature for us every friday yeah he's going to be doing uh what is it the week in review spaz's week in review he's the biggest dumb ass in town spaz radio yeah oh my god cool you got your own jingle there spaz how about that that's pretty impressive we don't have our own jingles yet are you going to yell at ben to get you some cans today get to some earphones yeah he's got them yesterday said that hey kids give me my kids now give me some water um yeah starting on friday it's uh it's the week in review with spaz yeah but he took it upon himself and while we were on vacation to uh kind of uh keep us updated on a lot of um stories that we were missing because we were away for a week yeah you know when you're on vacation you don't really pick up the paper and stuff and spaz thank you you uh you put a little tape together and uh did the news touched on some of the current events that we might be interested in correct in uh a style that i think only spaz could uh could give you uh and yesterday we started this uh tape really late in the show you know yeah we have another like 15 minutes to go here oh at least i think we're going to start with uh spaz's entertainment break anthony all right yeah sort of like an et kind of thing yeah now what do you cover during this entertainment break hopefully your mouth oh no that's not nice i'm sorry i i cover cate moss's uh new ailment okay new ailment okay and i cover bill cosby's retiring once again bill cosby retiring gee um wait a minute before we start that tape where's my bell because i know i'm going to need it we got to get the uh the inappropriate bell because if he's doing a bill cosby thing you know and kkk dog takes the mic racism isn't far behind a lot of people are peeking in the studio to see what a stupid guy looks like oh hey this isn't my bell is my bell in the cart see that's a that's right there's the inappropriate bell right down there you know what the inappropriate bells that we gave out are like yeah do we still have those to give away bet we have a few inappropriate bells left we'll have them at our next road show you know like you know you know what the air lights yeah see this is the real one right right and here's the one we were giving out now now it's almost like um you know like a costume for halloween you see batman on tv and batman's costume is like batman's costume yeah this is batman's costume this is the one like you buy for halloween it's kind of cheap it doesn't really look like it's plastic second rate plastic yeah i can't use that i hate spaz can't stand update spaz even so i didn't want to break spaz is so dumb uh can't let spaz do update why why don't these people want to hear the spaz update every week uh tony what's the problem no man you can't let him do any updates of any kind bro there's no way bro why he's a retard maybe this is where his talents lie no way dude no way dude i got like 40 guys down here i work i work in jersey i'm a cable guy yeah and they're all freaking out dude all right this there's no way dude all right thanks tony there's no way dude top of the food chain all right thank you i don't know this was a very entertaining segment according to the listeners yesterday yes leon how's it going guys first time quite a long time with no thank you leon thank you hey listen uh i view myself as a rather uh pacified uh human being and uh pretty calm but i gotta tell you on the way home yesterday i was pounding the steering wheel i never learned what a possible for somebody to hate somebody else so quickly just from hearing his voice uh the very knowledge of his existence on this planet is a homo sapien is enough to drive other people to suicide wow a lot of people have a lot of passion for spaz not good passion for spaz yeah not good passion but rock on guys i'm going to get in there spaz you really get people pissed off it's a may some reason just the sound of your voice all right well let's get into uh the spaz radio anthony okay he did another fake radio show show for us and i guess we're going to start with his entertainment break anthony all right if you need me to stop the tape at any time just raise your hand okay so i know uh will uncontrollable laughter be a key okay here we go wait where's the spaz radio jingle he's the biggest dumbass in town spaz radio now for the entertainment break of the uh key dog show here wspz the only show to be on on saturday nights especially today what what do you mean it's the only show that's on right are you like broadcasting from another planet no what i'm saying is that it's the only show worth tuning into on every saturday night okay of course all right march the 25th anyway uh cosby bill cosby is calling it quits once again bill cosby is kind of like the magic johnson of entertainment he quits his show comes back for another quits his show comes back for another says he's retired not really okay like a wrestling storyline hold on magic johnson yes did he quit and then just back and quit and came back yes he did yeah oh but not tv no got fired from his tv show and that was it no it's not about in nba oh okay there's a cross crossing there no i'm not getting i was just i i had to clear that up with my myself okay i guess that was my fault for not being a basketball fan okay okay all right all right very good okay anyway uh he's calling to quits after uh four years with his new cosby show seems like every show this guy's a part of it's called the cosby show go figure all right what do you what do you want him to call his show i something different being more creative and inventive than calling it the cosby show it's it's becoming too rhetoric rhetoric too rhetoric right whoa or rhetorical hold hold on i just have to let that sink in for a minute please hold i'm trying to see if it makes sense in any way rhetoric it's becoming too rhetoric iona right yes okay just making sure just making sure that's all don't be alarmed all right all right give me the dictionary yeah let's look up the word rhetoric and make sure it definitely doesn't work in that statement okay yeah because opi maybe it's us it's becoming too rhetoric rhetoric for rhetoric to name um every show he does the cosby show right yes okay and do you know how to spell rhetoric yeah okay all right yeah my spelling is not like a rent and re re t it's r h e t r h r h right right turn the page thank you guys okay rhetoric okay it's becoming too rhetoric yeah the art of speaking or writing effectively the study of principles and rules of composition formulated by critics of ancient times to skilled in the effective use of speech uh be a type or mode of language or speech speech three verbal communication it's becoming too verbal communication the cosby show is becoming to the art of speaking or writing effectively or the cosby show is becoming to a skill and effective use of speech all right all right that's fast i guess it does make sense there sure absolutely why not a sense uh king gimp checking in in river edge new jersey what is king gimp said listening to spaz i'm falling to the ground and convulsing uncontrollably again while i'm typing this great that's great should have said rhetorical king spaz all right ready let's move on with the cosby break uh yeah so after four years ccbs is calling to quits on his contract threatening to cancel the show because of i don't know maybe ratings or something like that repetitive but uh because it's going against i guess wrestling because it's on monday nights and everybody watches wrestling and nobody watches cosby i guess nobody wants to see any more pudding pops because they don't like him anymore but uh the he's calling quits before they cancel the show which i think is a smart move because i think it's more humiliating to get your show canceled so and it's more i don't know uplifting and showing more face if you just leave on your own before you know the crap hits the fan you understand is that the actual lip smack that's scott's house god damn that's great helen keller checking in anthony oh really yes i love the emails we get from helen keller helen keller writes uh thank god i can't hear this and uh uncle al from manhattan is trying to help you out spaz not rhetoric redundant redundant redundant would have worked there okay yes it was redundant a-hole oh my god that's great screw king gimp we got king spaz i swear and and i gotta i gotta say this it might be obvious but i gotta say it he's not kidding for you this isn't a little joke uh damien yeah all right what's up what's up guys talking to you love your show you're on the air let's go fast you're actually i'm embarrassed i'm with iona i swear to god that's no surprise and also i called my friend to check on spaz's diploma yeah i don't think even graduated you definitely graduated spaz barely okay there i actually remember listening to him in the cafeteria all right ah there you go was he a was he a great college jock now i mean uh people fell asleep in the cafeteria half of it all right well thank you damien take care guys all right bye there he goes damien let's uh move on with the tape anthony oh yeah okay i think we're still in the cosby break here what what what jimmy from tinac a little i i don't know a little excited about this whole thing kill spaz now no questions just kill him the hatred let's move on all right but anyway his uh cbs sitcom is ending i believe the last episode will be this may so everybody go get your videotapes and tape it because i'm sure another cosby show ending like this is like what the third or fourth cosby show it should be uh worth taping and worth something in the future i i would assume until he comes back for another cosby show and you have to tape the final episode of that one in five years anyway uh moving on to kate moss all right we move on thank god mercifully we move it we move on to kate moss made it through that you say anyway a lot spaz it's a habit of mine but one good thing not once in that whole thing on cosby did he call him a spook which is a credit to you before we move on with kate moss let's go to anthony on line one anthony what's up hello hey hey listen you guys i'm crying laughing so hard um i mean i work for the city of york is all right yeah i got i got at least 140 150 people i think this is like the best man you gotta let this kid do commentary man he should do morning here well he's gonna start his new segment friday called the weekend review with spaz we're gonna have him do national and local news oh my god i got a lot of bonus and an entertainment report and a sports update every friday all right all right go ahead all right thank you anthony let's go to uh tommy before we get to the cape moss commentary anthony tommy what's up tommy you're with me yeah let's go anthony the legislation should be passed to stop this jerk off from reproducing this guy's got to be the dumbest son of a bitch on the planet thank you tommy you know uh spaz is very shocked to hear these people calling in berating him uh al sharpton checks in empathy oh really i want to recruit spaz to be my speech writer hey spaz would you say a lot of the calls that are coming in they're basically voicing the same opinions would you say they're uh rhetoric rhetorical would you say they're rhetorical rhetorical or redundant or which one rhetorical uh spaz's mom checking in anthony oh really don't go there well come on i never i never meant to drop him on the floor somebody else that's funny oh my god not a lot of make fun of uh spaz's mom dad right no he's the biggest dumbass in town spaz radio all right let's move on with the cape cape moss segment of the entertainment news from spaz entertainment is like et uh moving on to cape moss she's been sidelined by kidney ailment she's uh been sidelined in the past in november of 98 when she was going out with bad boy johnny depp and she was sidelined back then with alcohol and drug problems but the skinny mini of the entertainment world is sidelined with the kidney uh injury i guess it's because of all those uh drugs and alcohol do you see a pattern here anyway the girl no not the no skinny mini oh the skinny mini did you make that up yourself right off the top of my head wow very impressive off the top of your head come on nice i wrote none of this out cool wow really yes drop a dime let me know what's on your mind let me know what's on your mind give me a buck i saw it all right moving on with cape moss all right anyway the girl doesn't eat like many of the models out there who think that i guess not eating and puking up whatever they eat and taking i don't know all these pills and crap to look skinny and have small breasts you notice that every model has like little like i don't know which is pieces piece peanut butter breasts they never had big ones okay terrific you are like uh bob grant if you got hit on the head with a ball peen hammer a few times well these models are their skinny mini little breasts the news part isn't enough him to say in the news then he's got a comment a little commentary on it it's great he editor editorialized yeah he uh so you have a problem a little bit so you have a problem with models with small breasts yes i was on the problem that they don't eat and then they puke up whatever little they do eat it's just that if nobody can look like a barbie doll just look like yourself and people go for the natural look so you're going to win the competitions better with a natural look than try to look like a skeleton barbie doll i believe all right wait a minute models have competition is it like an olympic event or something no but like when you go for those beauty contests like the uh miss usa or pageants or whatever like that they they figure that not eating is the best way to go and you need the food security security ninth floor security security okay code blue code blue let's move on with the cape moth commentary right people should look into that anyway it should be pretty requisite to have bigger boobs than a i don't know triple a cup but anyway uh yeah cape moth and that's an element i should say and i think it's probably uh alcohol related she was supposed to go on vacation with uh with a 22 year old how do you know it was alcohol related that she's got a kidney problem well she's allegedly no but it's been proven that she's an alcoholic and so i i think that all of her problems derive from that now when you when you're an alcoholic you you you think that the kidney is more affected than the liver oh my god kidney and liver yeah but the liver turns green but the kidney system could also be affected what why why the liver turns green yes like ajax scrubbing bubbles wait the liver turns green no you see when the liver decays it turns a color greenish what was the last time you saw a liver um science class was it a human liver i believe so oh it turns green it turns like darkish greenish type color darkish greenish type it's a tentative green in it not like yellow like jaundice or anything that you would get not in the lord of green okay horrific all right uh and spaz's father checking all right more instant feedbacks and emails coming in i blame myself for drinking that night so i'm cutting my own balls off does the little yellow uh school bus pick them up to bring it to work spaz is a positive one don i miss checking in i say give spaz the new morning spot quack quack yeah um plenty of them just coming in here buck from new jersey smoking crack is better for the brain than listening to spaz i'm not even skipping any here okay uh can you take spaz out back and put a bullet through his freaking head please end the misery uh okay horrific uh i got one chileona uh chris from connecticut hey guys here's the new morning show spaz and king kip they're laughing out there wow this is this is spaz stuff and how many kidneys does uh does a human being have two two okay two just want to make sure very good okay let's uh move on with the cape moscow and yes and models having tiny little boobs and spaz thinks all models should have big huge hooters right and shouldn't puke and shouldn't puke i'm learning boyfriend oh wait where are we on the tape i who her boyfriend is 22 year old boyfriend is yes all right she's supposed to go somewhere with this 22 year old boyfriend kate moss yes also the giant mosquito stung her kid boyfriend and uh who is i believe jesse wood the son of the rolling stones guitarist ron wood i guess that's important to mention anyway they were prepared for vacation she had to go to the hospital once again so my message to you kate moss if she's listening which i think you should heed is stay off the drugs and alcohol because wait i gotta hear that oh my god she needs to heed this i think you should heed is stay off the drug wouldn't you just use the word here there like you want to tell her something so you think she should hear this well i just wanted to make the point perfectly clear and he had spaz's warning okay heed my warning stay off the drugs and alcohol because they're bad i'm sure if you learn that in the 26 years on this planet thank you captain and eat because food provides you with energy food can help you get bigger breasts food can actually help you win those model competitions that you're in what kind of food gives you the biggest brass spaz yeah no biggles see what is it food provides gives you weight to your body and right the weight distributes throughout your whole body so can give you a bigger cup size i think but because everything holy small it's also going to give you a big ass right yeah but if you eat enough food that your breasts get bigger you're going to have a tank for an ass right and and it's compensation and then she won't be able to model but it's kind of like there are ways to get get that ass trimmed down and keep the bigger breasts through eating or yeah and and yeah but when you get the bigger ass then you take dietary supplements oh my god all right so then what happens to the the big boobs if you take the dietary supplements well sometimes the dietary supplements will concentrate on a specific part of your body what so they concentrate on the lower part of your body Jesus christ oh wait so the dietary supplements have a brain of their own is what you're saying now i something they know exactly where to go right now i would think that there are some supplements out there that concentrate a specific part of your body yes because you know how some people want to get rid of the fat in your legs but their top looks perfect so right so they take a special pill that knows exactly where the fat in the legs is a doctor can i guess yeah yeah doctor on pluto maybe or venus perhaps if you want a closer doctor earth um no i'm not on our home planet and i own a college checking in all right they're on their way to take back his diploma en route it's sirens wailing i'm sure not a moment too soon matt from jersey hey ona this just in the head of communications at iona college just jumped into these river uh and muhammad ali checking in today oh good yeah the greatest spaz thank you i once had a fear of embarrassing myself on the radio you have proven that nobody can be worse than you barmy jose barney jones checking in mda himself and geriatric uh thanks for the advice spaz he learned something today was spaz raised by wolves he's the biggest evan reed thought i've ever heard it sounds like spaz didn't eat enough before making this tape uh michael from jersey anthony how the f does he manage to answer the phone spoke at the spaz heed my words mini moss and eat breast food what the f uh drew from freehold did spaz come out feet first when he was born so just eat a little bit more nobody likes a skeleton if i wanted to see skeleton i would have been awake during science class okay so eat get big breasts stop with the drugs and alcohol and you'll be a better person for it all right all right that's it for my entertainment portion of uh the break okay terrific he's the biggest dumbass in town spaz radio wow the phones are just going nuts i'm gonna i'm gonna pee myself let's go to jimmy jimmy you're next on w-a-w how are you hey what's up guys what's up you don't realize who you got there you know how famous he is that's jerry's original kid i'm telling you between yesterday with the history i took a test in school today where where's the parthenon i put down wisconsin i'm telling you did any did any survive in the litter i'm telling you and plus now that he's jerry's original kid he can make money on the side of the poster boy for retroactive abortion people are just sending faxes in saying please kill me oh my god rob from center each i just took my diploma from iona off the wall and wiped my ass with it brian what's going on hey hey what up hey um how long has spaz been living on this earth i mean like rath boy's been in this country for how long he could speak better english and he's smarter what's up with that well we should uh uh spaz is uh rath boy going to be part of your review on friday yes he is okay very good wow this just in oh yeah um reggie harris killed himself because he heard spaz doing the news yesterday it wasn't natural causes uh frank what's going on hey i want to know if uh spaz survived an abortion when he was a kid oh my god okay well and uh we do have to take a break oh no really we have uh i thought i got to take a leak really bad we have we have uh one more uh break of spaz radio and what is this uh subject well he has a quick rant on how much he hates the yankees oh no that ought to get some and uh and oh my god hold on to your seat on the way yeah his political uh commentary ah political oh nice little politics what he thinks of rudy what he thinks of hillary well this will probably affect the way i vote the upcoming election i'm sure what ben you gotta been rushing in with some more uh emails okay oh the uh the gimp checking in again the gimp again i'm laughing so hard i fell out of my wheelchair again the dean fight for my own anthony yeah apply to our school apparently all you need is a pulse to attend yeah the entrance exam they hold a mirror up to your mouth a bit fogs you're in okay so right after commercials oh my god his uh yankee rant spaz being a huge met fan i'm embarrassed to be a met fan because of the things you're saying this next break even without spaz it could be embarrassed easy and uh his political discussion all in just a few minutes stay there what other radio shows can give you like uh intelligent talk about stocks and girls playing with my pen yeah the opi and anthony show 1027 oh man oh man as you know uh we're gonna get the spaz radio in just a second here but yeah but as you know we have the most offensive song contest in progress yes and uh these damn songs are arriving like every 20 minutes now most of them suck they're horrible you can't understand the words yes they're not uh and they're not offensive enough some of them no but uh one made the cut today so far yeah i listened to 20 songs along today yeah one made the cut and i don't even know if it's going to be in the running but it's worth at least one spin a song called newborn baby soup newborn baby soup yeah okay that was the only one we were going to play that made the cut today and you listen to that one with your feet up on your big desk correct me okay just checking well a guy named q just stopped by with his most offensive song left it at the front desk yeah a song called i'm horny for little girls and i were laughing so hard we just spit up lunch we just got to make it clean for radio because there's a few words in here that are going to get us in trouble they'll dump out so a couple of lines so we definitely have two new songs to debut as part of the most offensive song contest today yes all after spaz radio of course yes and let's get back to spaz radio where's our little bumper uh where is oh right there okay he's the biggest dumbass in town spaz radio all right spaz get your headphones back on all right now um i guess uh we're at the the part of the tape where you do your little sports break yes sports okay we had entertainment news entertainment yeah sports yep and uh politics politics well-rounded yeah it's getting that subject matters there okay well let's uh let's go let's get right into this this is uh his commentary on the yanks and the meds anthony great opening day right around the corner as we all know yes and here we go with spaz radio aren't the baseball new york meds and new york yankees starting their uh playoff chases in the next couple weeks what wait why why why why aren't they starting their their playoff what races no chases chases i'm sorry playoff chases why are they starting their playoff chases the beginning of the season it's beginning opening day it's opening day yeah but it's guaranteed that both the meds and the yanks will make the playoffs it's then it wouldn't even be a playoff chase no it's just a it's you said i did it a little early to say it's a playoff chase let's just see how they do uh the first week of the season they could sleep out there the first 50 games right and it doesn't matter the playoff chase usually begins in august ish it's great to see you know the the boys of june out there my god swing away all right so they're starting their playoff chase playoff chase yes because that's their goal for the uh towards the end of the season is the playoffs so i figured that they're beginning it now with game one uh anthony amadou diallo checking in what does amadou have to say uh why do i get shot 40 times for doing nothing at all while people like spaz are allowed to walk the earth he's got a good question there didn't the pope checking on your side over there uh... the pope checking in the pope is apologizing for the holocaust and for the fact that spaz is walking the earth uh... rudy juliani checking in as we all know the political uh... commentaries coming up very soon on the s as radio uh... juliani writes it's fast as one bad thing about me i'll have him bucked down faster than diallo oh we have guys in the hallway just losing it uh... i own a special students unit checking in yes spaz did graduate his classes consisted of advanced finger painting building legos three blocks four and using utensils three opi uh celebrities no strangers to the opi and anthony cate moss checking in on the uh... instant feedback just ate lunch boobs grew three sizes wants to thank spaz for that advice he gave earlier yeah we learned today uh... ladies if you have really tiny boobs all you have to do is eat a lot of food and you're going to get bigger boobs never mind your ass will look like a dump truck but uh spaz also said if your ass gets big with the boobs you take those magical dietary supplements that go right to the ass yeah because they have a brain of their own obviously yeah at least something does uh... will pender is checking in oh thank god finally something that can't compete with the ninety two minute rock block ninety two minute blockhead uh... oh the greaseman checking in from washington anthony yeah i think spaz should be dragged by a truck for his commentary yaddle doodle yaddle doodle right no one today should drag spaz by a truck uh... oh my god i i got a really important part of the uh... uh... left his own life bob from babel on checking in i fear that my head will blow up as large as carlson carter's if i listen to anyone's uh... might be what happened to the good carnal uh... that's all i got you got any more over there uh... that of their coming in faster than i could even refresh the uh... screen yeah it's amazing well uh... let's get back to uh... we gotta start this over the yankee met thing now let's hear them uh... uh... starting their playoff chases chases onto baseball new york met in new york yankees so in their uh... playoff chases in the next couple weeks uh... not sure who the yankees are starting off against because as everybody knows in the k-dog show all the k-dog listeners know that k-dog does not like the yankees so so you got faithful listeners like the open anthony show all the k-dog let me follow you wherever you go has passed a paper listeners in college very good k-dog listeners hey k-dog listeners and and what happened to your listeners when the special effects is in town i'm not going to have them marlin brenda check it out of the heart of the heart spas proof that man of all for monkeys except i think monkeys are smarter than spas who let special ed walk around without a helmet wall all right so we were learning that spas has followers anthony yeah and they also know that he hates the yankees the faithful not spas the faithful k-dog listener k-dog but i'll get the two mixed up i forgot okay i i hate them i think they're bungee cocky s o b's and uh... i really feel that shouldn't that uh... make it this year earlier i was thinking don't ask me why i just hate them yes we will give you a good all our answer home probably don't want to sit through at least you got that right spas now that we have you live in the show we just listen to the tape yes yeah we have to ask for the idea hate the yankee so much because it is a concrete ago around new york or any part of the country on jamming and they win all of the cost of the people to think about it i don't mind so much that they win i respect that part uh... but the thing is that the just like the a lot of breaks the gold that's it i'm better than you know i know that i have a year they're not like the atlanta braves now that their winners i'm a man losers i'm a met fan the yankees are not like the other braves now i'm not terms of a matter of winning losing records and talking about their cocky attitude their cocky attitudes that's called uh... giving way without confidence that's called new york well let me let me go one step further at the end give us an example of uh... a cocky attitude that you you heard from the aches why don't have a specific quote but i know that every time that there is that on the news giving a quote for the news insisted the way to protect themselves the way to have the nose is up in the air and the way to pass the match i mean it it's okay to talk trash to the outfield is a catching pop flies than those of the air it's okay to get into plays making out it's not like your mike piazza i don't know if you did decide this is by better than you holier than valve you know i said it to be a better than any other thing that the thank you can talk to talking uh... as a met fan don't you think they deserve that right to say that uh... you know a lot of chance of knowing i believe that they should be reserved about it they should just keep their winning i'd i'd go to themselves said no i'm just saying blackout the last game of the world series every year so we don't know who won but i'm just saying it should be more reserved about it instead of boasting and being cocky because then it'll just come right back to them twofold spaz being a yankee hater what do you think of uh... darryl strawberry and his uh... recent problems uh... down story problems i think he should get his head together i believe that uh... there is no actually know what i think is a whole thing i because if he's gone back to it like eight times he's just a romantic ok had the rest of his life that's right where you learn that a hotbed of drug abuse the mats you have to see the match one that it doesn't it the way i remember that remember that so you like darryl when he was on the mat snide him because he's a guy i think that the yankees needed x-mex to win they got david cohen dwight good and darryl strawberry they needed the x-mex to win when the yankees can't be the team they buy their players track the x-mex to win they needed the x-mex to win that's what you're saying when when the yankees can't beat a team like when they could be seattle mariners what they do to just went out the board their players like martinez tino martinez they went out but him why because they lost to him in the previous wild card game of all the world's agency it's called routine does it can't beat him join them that's what's called all right uh... anthony hitler check it in uh... at all that way and he's living in hicksville now they got included his little address on his email i got there but i missed one this all this from the island checking and this is a little obscure but the faithful listeners will appreciate it spaz is so stupid tel aviv uh... limo just called they want him to work for them of of the federal uh... andy from jersey maybe spaz's doctor can give them supplements that concentrate on growing brain cells uh... right believable at are we continuing with our yankee commentary on the papers best i believe you have just about a minute left i let's go back to this uh... let him in the city of keithson check in and yet since the season is starting in the playoff raises heating up the yankees magic numbers down to ninety uh... straight by at the dollar part in checking it but from tennessee and even though we've we were on a tendency at thanks guys for me i skipped lunch now my boobs are thirty four triple-a The kid from Massapiqua, Spaz is a living abortion, you can still see the marks left by the coat hanger and dirty knife. Let's move on with the commentary on the Yankees I believe. So on with the match. The better team of the New York area. The Mets will be beginning their regular season in Japan. I'm not sure what city in Japan because I don't know Japan that well. They've never been there but they're beginning their regular season in Japan. Games will be broadcast this coming Wednesday and Thursday on the Fox Sports Channel at 5 o'clock in the morning, which is probably about 7 o'clock in Japan time in the afternoon evening I should say. So 5 a.m. Wednesday and Thursday in Japan to play in the Chicago Cubs and then they come home to open up their regular season at Shea the following Tuesday. I'm not sure against what team but check your local listings. Anyway, that's my sports break and now we're going to be getting into it a little bit of uh... Do you have a problem with the Mets playing in Japan, Spaz? Yes. Wow, you do? Yes. I can hear it. What seems to be the problem? I believe that they don't deserve to see American baseball over there. Why is that? I don't know. They should just keep on sending over their high-priced players they can't really pitch well, Hideki Arabu. Just keep it at that. And I don't know, it's just that the Japs... Spaz rolling me an all-day off the tarmac. It's just that they're not the ones... They're just like Yankees should play over there because they mix well. They're conky. They think they're better than Americans and everything like that so they should not. They don't deserve to see great American baseball and our past time should not be over there in Japan. It's wasted money. People would love to see Sammy Sosa versus the Mets in American soil. In American soil, not even on it. Laid down in some topsoil. Cover my head with it. They're wasting game at the Tokyo Dome. They don't even know who the Mets and the Cubs are. Just there eating sushi and not knowing what the Mets are. To go to management, we need another inappropriate bell. Uh, Ant, this just in. Okay, terrific. Okay, horrific. Uh, Steve Mason checking in. Oh, really? The morning show here for the next two days. Yes, finally a radio show I could be. I wouldn't count on it. Spaz radio. Uh, Anthony, the sniper across the street checking in. Look around. I guess he has a laptop on his perch. Just let me know when you want me to shoot K-Dog and take him out. The signal will be me lighting a cigarette. Sniper, anytime you like. That's the answer to that. That'd be funny if his head just exploded. I guess you're done with sports. Yes. But it goes into a song here. Let's see how he intros a song at. All right, a little of Sabotage by the Beastie Boys. And after that, after Sabotage, I will be sabotaging you with my political talk. Next on the K-Dog show. Oh yeah, getting revved up. I'm getting revved up with my political talk. Sabotage, Beastie Boys, K-Dog show with WSPZ. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Hey! He's the biggest dumbass in town. Spazz Radio. Hey! We've got to take a break. Do we have to? The political commentary is next. I can't wait. And right after Spazz Radio, we're going to debut two more songs for the Most Defensive Song Contest. If Psycho Mark's around listening to the show, I need him to come in here and edit this one song so we can get it on the radio. I'm Horny for Little Girls by Q. What has to be taken out? Twat and Hiny. Hiny, because of the context they are used. You could say twat, you could say Hiny, but... Yeah, you can't use them in the context of the song. No, not at all. So we'll clean up the song, make it airable. The last break of Spazz Radio next, and more of your phone calls and feedback. Yeah, 212-757-1027 is our phone line. Opie. You scum. And Anthony. Your new name is Dick. Opie and Anthony. What changed you into such demonic little bastards? Spazz is 1027. Take off. WNEW. Hey, this is Jim Brewer and I've been up since like, oh I don't know, yesterday. And the only thing that gets me going, Hammer, is Opie and Anthony. I'm talking 1027NEW. Hammer, I gotta pee. Brewer. Where the hell are you, Brewer? Yeah. I have to apologize, Dave. I guess we talked about it. He called my voicemail and wanted to come here with some beer. When? It was a while before we went on vacation and there was a mix-up. So we blew off a chance to hang out with him again. That kind of sucks. We really, really like him a lot. He's a pissin', man. And Psycho Mark went into the other studio with one of the NEW sensors to clean up, thank heavens for... No, what was it called? Uh, Horny Girls? Little Horny Girls? Whatever. A song we're gonna play for the most defensive song contest from Q. It is... It's good. It could be in the running, people. I like it. Very creative, very offensive. Yeah. And we're gonna get into that right after this final segment of Spaz Radio. Spaz Radio is amazing. Last time I saw people come together in hatred as much as they are against Spaz. It was in the Frankenstein movie when they had the pitchforks and the torches and were headed toward the castle. That's how they feel toward Spaz. It's amazing. And the New Jersey Devils check it in. Okay, the Devils. Yeah, didn't realize they were fans of the show, but thanks, guys. We would like to donate some hockey equipment to Spaz so he doesn't hit his head anymore. A helmet. Jesus Christ himself check it in, Anthony, from Nazareth. Very good. I'm going back on my cross from listening to the Spaz Radio. Screw being your savior. You're all a lost cause. Wow, everything that has happened in history. And that's what put him over the edge. And put him back on the cross. Bud Dwyer checking in. Remember our Bud Dwyer? Yes. Uh, ONA, hi. After hearing this, just shot myself again. I guess he's had enough. All right. She's the biggest dumbass in town. Spaz Radio. Hey, hey, hey. And of course Friday, Friday we start the new Spaz segment. Spaz's Week in Review. Yeah, this is just the preview. Yes. Every week, everything that happens that week in the news will be Spaz's special little segment. All right, and back to the tape that he made while we were on vacation. I guess we missed a few political stories. Yeah. And, well, Spaz, he's coming out of a Beastie Boys song, Sabotage, because he was making a little demo tape for us. Yeah, a little different than the segment we're going to start Friday, which is just Spaz's Week in Review with bumpers and news music behind them and the telecast. Right. All right, so here we go. And now, Spaz. Sabotage by the Beastie Boys. One of my all-time favorite songs along with No Sleep Till Brooklyn, What You Want, and Fight For Your Right to Party. But it's nothing to party because now it's time for a very serious political talk. Very serious. KDog here at the USPZD All-Star Show to be here on Saturday nights. And my little political commentary is going to be sparked by a little article I've read in the paper that Mayor Giuliani commenting on the latest shooting of an unarmed black man, the third in 13 months. And Giuliani is... Got to get that average up, right, Spaz? Let's just start from here. Racial shootings, yes, of course. And Giuliani is, everybody knows, is a babbling idiot anyway from time to time. Giuliani? He's got the TV screen. Hot, the kettle for you. Wait, what did you say about his head? I said it takes up half the television screen. His head? His head. And every shot it takes up half the TV screen? Yeah, he's got a huge forehead. Wouldn't that depend on the camera guy zooming in or out? But his head is that big. But he has one of these strange heads that no matter what angle they're shooting it, it's always going to be half the TV screen? It's rhetorical. It's a rhetorical head. I was just trying to make a joke. Yeah. Sorry? It's just a joke. Just a joke. It's a little joke. See? He was talking to us. It's a little joke. Right. He's a very, very confused man. And he made very, very confused statements which... Oh my God. Who are you talking about there, man? Giuliani. We're looking in a mirror, right? Okay. I guess we're expected by the man. Anyway, he says that there's a legitimate cause of concern for some people. And he continued on his weekly radio program to say that the shooting was for political exploitation. He says sometimes it's hard to distinguish between those who have legitimate concerns and the exploiters. He continued on to say that, I want to assure you that I do distinguish between the two. He continued, I realize there are legitimate causes for concern. I also realize that there is a very, very well orchestrated, politically orchestrated situation here. Once again, Rudy makes no sense. Why? Why? Oh my God. Why doesn't Rudy make sense? Rudy doesn't make sense. Rudy. That quote made no sense at all. Well, with you saying it, I got to agree. I didn't really understand it. I read it over and over again and it absolutely made no sense so I thought I'd pick on it. Was he saying... Now, just from what you said, it sounds like what he was saying was some people voiced concern over these shootings, not because they're actually concerned, they do it for political reasons. Yes. Okay, that's not that out there. It could have been summed up very quickly, concisely. That's a statement that makes sense. Whether it's true or false, you could decipher it. But in my opinion, he did not word it correctly. How should he have worded it? Please, never do that when I have a mouthful of coffee. It almost came out my nose. It was this close. All right, so how should he have worded that statement? I think the way Anthony just put it was fine. It made sense. But the way he put it, he said it was orchestrated, comma, politically orchestrated. I mean, it's redundant. It's not rhetorical or rhetoric. Let's move on. Spaz Radio. Do we have some oxygen tanks? You did some scuba diving, right? Do you have any oxygen tanks in the office that I can maybe breathe in real deeply? I think I need oxygen. I can't tell. I do have valium though. This is just golden. Okay, let's move on. And his dike political adversary, Hillary Rodham Clinton, accused the mayor of leading to rushed judgment in the case. Okay, listen, Spaz, you are trying to learn from us. Okay, if you're going to make a statement that she's a dike, you've got to kind of say allegedly or something. You could get sued for that. In joking fashion, so that if you had to come to the defense of your statement, you could say, if you listen to it in the context that was stated, it was obviously a joke. It was obviously done in jest. The way you're doing it, you're talking like a newscaster here. You're talking like you're doing the news and editorializing, and you are indeed saying that she is a dike. When we say it, well, we do say she's a dike. Now, when we say it, it's a goofy show, you could tell. You know, the Albie and Anthony show, a dopey show. You don't go to CNN for a dick joke. You don't come here for your hard-hitting news. You don't see Tom Brokaw calling Hillary Clinton a big fat dike. Hillary Rodham Clinton, a big bull dike. Tonight on NBC Nightly News, we interview the roadshower and ask her how does she like it? Wood floor, full rack full of afro hair, or the two-finger mohawk? Tonight on NBC Nightly News, exclusive interview, Hillary Dyke Rodham Clinton. Yes, sir. Say you never hear Tom Brokaw saying it. No. OK. So this is your commentary on the dike Hillary Clinton. Yes. Allegedly. Allegedly. Hillary Rodham Clinton accused the mayor of leading to rough judgment in the case of the third fatal police shooting of an unarmed black man in 13 months. We do really honor him. And of course, Reverend Al Sharpton had to make more comments, as he usually does, sticking his fat pudgy face in front of the cameras once again to say no jay-z, no peace, whatever bubble blasts in the video. He says every time he gets on the TV, which is when police brutality happens. Oh, wait a minute. I'm dying over here. I'm dying over here. I think I'm having a heart attack. I can't finish this show. I'm dying over here. I'm listening to Spence. I think I'm having a heart attack. Oh! I'm listening to the words. I can't finish. I'm dying over here. OK. Holy smoke. Tell him on line 7 that the clue train is coming by. Hop on, Spence. It's like a Scrabble truck overturned on the highway and words just are flying all over the road. And I'm assuming you have a little problem with what he just said. I don't know what he just said. He's talking about Hillary and then he goes, oh, Rudy. And then he's talking about Reverend Al. And every time police brutality things come up there, then it doesn't sound like you're the one out. He sticks his fat pudgy face in front of the TV cameras. Bad pudgy face. You know, it's factual. And Star Jones checking in. Oh, Star. From the View. Can I eat spaz? He goes right to the boobs, you know. O.J. Simpson checking in. Got a knife? Spaz's teacher checking in. I had to get a special stand made up for when I graduated Spaz's... great, excuse me, graded Spaz's papers. It was okay, pathetic. WCBS checking in, Ed. Oh, really. Yeah, cousin Brucey just dropped in listening to Spaz Radio. Wow, look at this. He took the time out, Christopher Reeve, to type something, I guess. I don't know how he does that, but Christopher Reeve, Spaz, you can ride my horse anytime. King Gimp checking in once again from the Oscar. King Gimp, we love King Gimp. Spaz, I think you're my son. Hey, Ed, you're not going to believe this, but Stevie Wonder is checking in. How does he write? He writes, please God, take my hearing, too. Okay, terrific. Okay, horrific. All right, please look, I am dying. I'm having a heart attack. I'd like to finish the show, but I'm dying over here. All right, are we done with the Reverend Al? I don't know where we are on the tape. We're coming to a close. We're coming to a close, but it's Reverend Al Commentary, Anthony. Okay. Anyways, so that is that, and that leads us to the Senate race between the dyke and the guy with the huge forehead. Let me tell you what you're getting here, folks. You're going to tell us what we're going to get. All right, everybody might want to take notes. Take out your notepads. The election is coming up, Election Day, and you might want to refer back to Spaz. Sure. Here we go. You got Rudy Giuliani with a big forehead and that hairstyle he has. He's got a lisp. He babbles on like an idiot from time to time. He doesn't support the police all that well, even though he is their boss. And he's a Yankee fan, which is a minus, definite minus. Oh, should he have clipped? All right. Well, those are the issues I look into when I want to see Spaz. You're a registered voter, I'm assuming? Not at the moment, thank God. And those are the reasons why you would vote for Rudy, Chief. No, I would see what politicians look for, and I explain this later on. All right, no, no, no, no. We'll get to it. If it's something on the tape, then don't explain it now. Okay. We'll get to it. All I'm saying is that that's what he... But you pretty much have a problem with Rudy's presence. Yes, his appearance, the way he presents himself on the television. So you think he's stupid because he has a lisp and funny hair? I just think that he doesn't know where... he doesn't have all of his marbles together. He doesn't know where his head is a lot of the times. And in case in point, he just backed off the Brooklyn Museum issue. I mean, if the guy is going to be mayor and hopefully... well, not hopefully, because I wouldn't vote for the guy, but if he is going to be our next senator, he's got to have a pair of balls. Oh, be... Wait, wait, wait. You don't think Rudy... the one thing Rudy G. does have, whether you like him or hate him, is a set of balls. But he backed off of the Brooklyn Museum. How did he back off? He just gave in. He said, I'll give you the $5.8 million and I won't argue with you anymore about a piece of art. And the guy cannot take... I think I... I'm not a huge Rudy fan, but I respect him for backing down on that issue. But he was totally wrong on that issue. He was totally wrong. It's a freedom of speech issue. You know? I just don't... I don't think he presents himself very well. Freedom of speech, freedom of expression, I should say. It's like... Angelina Jolie checking in. Yeah. I make out with my brother because I'm afraid all men are as stupid as fans. Okay, let's move on. Oh, no, now this is what you think of the dyke Hillary Clinton, allegedly. Allegedly. Of course. Do you think Hillary Clinton, who is a dyke or a politically correct saying she's a carpet bagger, and... What? A carpet bagger. So you were being politically correct by instead of calling her a dyke, you wanted to call her a carpet bagger? Well, I was actually going more towards the slang. Yeah, what is a carpet bagger? A carpet muncher. You know, carpet meaning like the hair down there. But when they refer to her as a carpet bagger, they're not referring to her being a dyke. There is a saying that is a carpet bagger, is what they were saying. A carpet bagger is not the same as a dyke? No, that's a rug. Holy mother of pearl. No. No, carpet bagger. A carpet muncher is an expression used for someone that you assume is a lesbian. Okay. A carpet bagger is a political term that means spaz? No clue. Oh my God. Anthony, Ronald Reagan checking in. Yes. You know how they have the list from what town? Yes. I'll give you some feedback. It says from, I don't remember. Well, I don't. I'm glad I will not remember this later today. Spaz is a great American. Of course, the Weekend Review is spaz. Mr. Spaz, tear down that rhetorical. Or Mr. Reagan. Yes. Of course, we're doing the Weekend Review with Spaz starting this Friday. With that said, Dr. Kervorkian checking in. He would like to be a guest on Friday's show as well. Book him. Hooked on Phonics checking in. Give us 20 years and we'll do what we can for Spaz. All right. See, a carpet bagger, she's not from New York. She's kind of like packing her bags and settling in New York just to get the Senate seat. Oh, okay. And that's what a carpet bagger is. She'll pick up and move somewhere and say she's from that place. Okay. Wearing the Yankee hat and then Met hat. Okay, so she's both a carpet bagger and a carpet muncher. Very good. According to you. Yes. All right. Here we go. Back to Hillary. Hillary Clinton who is a dyke or politically correct saying she's a carpet bagger. She's snorting. And she can't decide whether she's a Yankee fan or a Met fan, which shows that she's very indecisive. And what else can I say about her? Oh, yeah, she backs down from her for whatever she says. Like in the Amadou Diallo case, she said one thing and then later on when she got flack from it, she said another thing. So which means she's not using the balls that she has. Was that meant as a joke, Spaz? Was that pretty good? It kind of worked. Yes. Yeah, so you ought to know. It was fun. I don't think she ever wore a Met hat though, Spaz. I think she... No, I believe when the subway series, she actually switched them off. Oh, okay. You may be right about that. Because after all, she's been president for the past eight years because she wears the pants of the new Clinton family. Ah. I would think. Anyway, try not to. You'll hurt yourself. So that's the Senate race. Pick a chooser you want, people. That's basically what you're getting. That's it. Politics is bad. See, in the political world in Washington, D.C., we have people there who are not in it for the people, the masses, the people who they govern. They're in it for their money, for the pockets they have aligned on themselves. Wow. Whoa. Whoa. Explain yourself. The pockets they have aligned for themselves. Yes. What I meant was that politicians don't give a crap about the country or about the masses that they govern. They're only in there to put the money in their pockets from the lobbyists that work for them. So you meant to say lining their pockets. Lining their pockets. And not the pockets that they're aligned with. Well, they're aligned... I'm aligning myself with the pockets. That's my running mate. A big pocket. No, they're... You know, most people like to align themselves with a party or a position or a platform. I'm aligning myself with pockets. Look at this one. It's a big cargo pocket. I could fit a whole wallet in there. Look at this little one with a zipper for my cigarettes. Well, they align themselves with the people with the most money. The pockets. The pockets have all the money. Well, where's the money, Opie? Where do people keep their money? In their pockets. That's why I'm with the pockets. Someone shoot me in the skull. And... Yeah. The KKK. We've been looking for a representative in New York, but I'm not so sure we can trust him to light the crosses. All right. Wow. In the political world in Washington, D.C., we have people there who are not in it for the people, the masses, the people who they govern. They're there for their money, for the pockets they have aligned on themselves. Whatever money they can get, that's what they're there for. In Washington, D.C., you have lobbyists. What lobbyists do is they influence the person in office to go along with either side of an issue, because every issue has two sides. If one side offers more money than the other, then they will tell their senator or whatever go for the person with the more money, even though it may not be a moral decision to make. Like, let's see. We have people who want cancerous live wire lines. It's very rare when I laugh so hard I start snorting. Congratulations, Spad. You got me to that point. Oh, my God. Let's back up. There are so many things right there. Cancerous live wires. That's like trying mosquitoes. What's a cancerous live wire? I think he means the high-tension wires, the high-voltage lines around residential areas that haven't been proven this, but they might cause cancer. I don't think you refer to them as cancerous live wires, like the wires have tumors dripping off of them. Goddamn, I've got to hear that again. I think I've backed it up to that point. Here we go. On themselves. Whatever money they can get, that's what they're there for. In Washington, D.C., you have lobbyists. What lobbyists do is they influence the person in office to go along with either side of an issue, because every issue has two sides. If one side offers more money than the other, then they will tell their senator or whatever to go for the person with more money, even though it may not be a moral decision. Okay, terrific. Nick, let's see. We've got people who want cancerous live wire lines. You want cancerous live wire lines? Hello? I'm against the cancerous live wire lines. It's benign cancerous live wire. Ask not what cancerous live wires can do for you. Ask what you can do for cancerous live wires. I propose by the end of this decade, we will go to cancerous live wires on the moon. Ever. Ask not what your country can do for you. They're going to blockade those cancerous live wires until they send those missiles back to Moscow. Cancerous live wires and giant mosquitoes. We're in danger here in the city. I'm frightened. We've got people who want cancerous live wire lines all over the place in the small town of Florida. We've got people who oppose it because it causes cancer. More money is given to the senator by the people who want the parallel lives, and he's going to go with that. It's just the way it happens. So politicians suck. They blow. They're in it for the money. They're not in it for the people who they're supposed to govern. And we elect these people. So keep that in mind when the election year comes up every year, no matter if it's the senator or your delegate or whatever people you vote for. Just keep that in mind. Politicians out there, kiss babies, look great on television, comb their hair, brush their teeth, whatever. Look great. Say what the people want to hear. Get elected. And then they do crap to the country because they're only in there to get the money and cheat on their husbands or wives. I have a dream that cancerous live wires will be in the promised land. And every politician cheats on their wife? I believe so, yes. Read my lips. No cancerous live wires. Mr. Gorbachev, get rid of those cancerous live wires. It's like a horror movie. In a small town, cancerous live wires. From the mind of spas, it's cancerous live wires. How will you defend your family against cancerous live wires? Coming to theaters this Friday. Anthony, Christopher Reeves checking in once again. For the love of God, someone pull my plug. There he goes. Christopher Reeves threw himself down the stairs. All right. I believe the last 30 seconds of spas is commentary, Anthony. They want to do infidelity in the live pockets to become a thief and a whore. Don't go into... Wait, maybe we need to back it up so we understand what needs to get in there. You need a running start for these. All right, where are we? Let me see here, Anthony. Whatever. Say what the people want to hear. Get elected and they need to do crap for the country because they're only in there to get the money and cheat on their husbands or wives. They want to do infidelity in the live pockets to become a thief and a whore. Don't go into political offices and screen a country for your own needs and gains. Anyway, that's the Keen Ones political commentary. We'll be seeing you every Saturday night on WSBZ. And as we leave you, because it is time to go, leave you to leave it upon every week. Here is Ozzy Osborne. Mama, I'm coming home and mama, I'm coming home, so I hope you save dinner for me. Anyway, listen to the Keen Oak Show next week, 8 o'clock Saturday night. Put some strychnine in it. And I'll see you then. Wow. All right, let's just let that soak in for a minute here. What were you trying to say at the end there with the pockets and the thief and the whores? I was saying that if people want to become politicians to become thieves, to align their pockets with money, which is what they do, and to cheat on their husbands and wives, then don't go into politics and screw over the country for your own needs and gains. Just become a thief and a whore. I shall not seek, nor shall I accept your nomination for cancerous rye bread. Anthony, the advertising manager for Trojan is checking in. Oh, really? Yeah. He wants to use spaz on a billboard with a picture of a condom over a caption that reads, if you don't use one of these, you'll have one of these. Whoa! Hey! Wow. The celebrities just came out in droves talking about spaz. Well, let's go to Ryan from Huntington. The monkeys at the Bronx Zoo who threw their crap at people have a higher IQ than spaz. Jim from Westchester. Hey, guys, turn on the news. The teachers at Iona College are committing a fast suicide. This just in. Spaz, you sound great. Your mentor, Ken Dashout. I just want to say this. You won't have cancerous rye bread to kick around anymore. Well, we've got to end spaz radio with the jingle. Yeah, whereas. We've got to end spaz radio with the jingle. Yeah, whereas. We've got to end spaz radio with the jingle. We've got to end spaz radio with the jingle. Well, we've got to end spaz radio with the jingle. Yeah, whereas. Till Friday. Is it Friday already? Jesus Christ. He's the biggest dumbass in town. Whoa! Spaz radio. Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Hey! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Hey! Hey! Ha! Whoa! Ha! Whoa! Hey! Hey! Hey! Okay, terrific. Okay, horrific. See, there's a small percentage of people out there that think that spaz is, you know, making, you know. Is it put on or something? Oh, yeah. I cannot assure you enough. And you can't know. I don't even think there's that many people that think that because you can't just put this on. He would win an Academy Award. You'd have to give him an Oscar. All right, spaz. So, uh, this is too good. That's why we're doing spaz is we can review every Friday for a while. Every Friday. Any stories you're working on for the next, uh, edition? Well, we got the Cuban Raph boy. Right, okay. Well, don't spill the beans on that. I can't wait to hear. We can't wait for Friday. Let me oil this up. Thank you. Anything else? Anything else come to mind? The week rolls on. Oh, my God. I'm going to do the Pope. You have some commentary on the Pope. The Pope's visit to the Holy Land. And commentary on a picture I saw in the daily news with the Pope. Okay. And I'm going to do a little, it may be a little late, but I'm going to do a little post-Oscar review. Oh, that's good. That's topical. It was during this week. Sure. That's good. And anything within the last week is good. Yeah, that's all I've gotten in the top of my head so far. Write your joke. Insert joke here. All right, Spaz, this is how, um, Spaz's week in review is going to work, okay? Mm-hmm. We need you to, um, hit on a bunch of topics. National news, local news, entertainment report, and sports, right? Sure, whatever, man. And maybe, and maybe a little like human interest. One of those stories that have that goofy twist. Kind of the touchy-feely, uh... Kind of like the guy yesterday with the cell phone and the lion cage thing you did. Mm-hmm. You know, that is like what's called human interest, something that's a little off kilter, a little wacky. A little dog named Snuggles. Right. Stuff like that. So we need you to hit those topics. Keeping ponders, man. We need you to, uh, we need you to put the whole thing together on shortcuts in the other studio before the show. Okay. Because that's the best way it works. To give you your time by yourself in a studio all by yourself. To lay it down. Lay it down. Your week in review. Lay it down. Okay. How long should it be, Anthony? Uh, god damn four hours. What, are you kidding me? However long it takes, Spaz, okay? Okay. And, uh, we'll do the first one Friday. Mm-hmm. Sometime during the show. Does someone have some crack or crystal meth or something? I just got a boot up or something. Wow. Uh, and Mike from Jersey checking in. Hey, O&A, I heard Tom Likus wants to hire Spaz. He said Spaz is the key to high ratings. We finally agree on something, Mr. Lick-Ass. Uh, George W. Bush checking in, Ann. And George W.? Please, Spaz, don't vote for me. All right, so let's hear for Spaz, Spaz Radio. He's the real deal, folks. That was great, man. I want you to hear me. I'm just going to say this one more time. I did not have sex with that cancerous live live. Oh my gosh. From the top of the Spaz building. We got, we, someone's got to make that immediately. Yeah, just a... From the top of the Spaz building. Spaz Radio. All right, kick ass, man. Wow, just when you thought it couldn't get any better than what we just did. Mark, is the song ready? Yes. All right. Now what's the name of the song by Q? I don't know, some funny-ass song. It's terrible. You are laughing harder than anybody. We have two new entries in the Most Offensive Song Contest. Remember, the rules to the Most Offensive Song Contest. The song has to be offensive. That's it. And we listened to, I don't know, we were all in the back office. At least 20 songs today. They sogged. There's only two that made the cut today. They're coming in every freaking day, though. And we encourage you guys to keep sending them in, okay? Try harder. But how many bleeps did we have to put in that song? I think four. Four, really? I only heard like two. Maybe three. No, it needed four. All right. I see a twanch. No, no, no. A hiney. A hiney. A twiney. A hiney twiney. A hiney twiney. The context. Balls, balls twice. Balls twice. A hiney and a twiney. No, we come in a pair, you know. But I'm pumped. Thank you. That old gag. Thank you, Scott. So here, we've got to take a break, and we'll play the two new entries in the Most Offensive Song Contest. Okay. Hey. Hey. Hey. Woo! Woo! And we'll do that next. Stay there. Keep your hands away from your pants. Too late. And Anthony. More activity on the way. All right, we're back. Hey. Just a couple minutes away from two new entries in the Most Offensive Song Contest, Anthony. We're all trying to catch our breath here. I finally got my, yeah, I finally got my composure. I've got to say, you guys, just keeping us entertained during the commercial break with your instant feedback. I was dying. There's hundreds of them coming in, and you guys are funny effers, man. Funny effers. Some guy was driving home, and he saw the giant mosquito sitting atop a cancerous live wire. He tried to run away, but an FBI agent sprayed him with DDT. Boy, you really got to go back with this show. All right. Let's invite the wow guys in really fast. All right. Mark should be coming in with the edited version of the Horny for Little Girls song. That's just going to make you drive off the road. But first, let's say hi to Mike, Chris, and David, Anthony. Hey, guys. Hey, what's up? What's happening? The latest wow guys, Anthony. Yes. Now, of course, we encourage you guys to get on live TV with the wow signs. I guess someone got on Channel 7 last night with a huge wow sign. Yeah. And you guys got on what, TRL? Yeah. MTV again? Yep. That's a good one. They hit TRL on the 14th of March. It is a target rich environment out there. TRL is one that's just been slammed. It's like a German ball bearings plant. Always getting bombed. Psycho Mark, you proud of these guys or what? These guys are great. These guys are true professionals. Hey, guys. There's your leader, Psycho Mark. Psycho Mark, leader. The liberator's always flying high over TRL. Hey, are these guys going to get the Psycho Mark Psychopath t-shirts? Yes. Yes. Nice. Very nice. Two t-shirts to give out. And all you have to do is get on live TV with the wow sign. Yeah. Or any sign associated with the show. We really like wow the best, but if you want to get creative, by all means, go for it. We enjoy the okay terrifics. Those are always fun to see. The spaz is an idiot. Yeah. I enjoy them being... I like to see Ricky Martin. Yeah. I'm sure there'll be a lot of those. Yeah, often enough. And all you have to do is prove that you were on TV. You were the person that did it. You know what's going to be funny watching the show and just seeing the sign that says live cancer is live? Cancer is live, why? We'll all know what it means. We'll have a few of those signs at the next road show, I'm sure. And you just come in with the videotape to prove that it was you on live TV. You come down, you get to check out the show. We give you tons of stuff. We get you on the radio right here. Absolutely. So where are you guys from, man? We're from Jersey, Hillside. Hillside? Cool. You guys want to do any shoutouts or anything? Shoutouts, yo. It's not hot 97 over here. Hey, there we go. I like that. Yeah. Say hi to my cousin, my friends. All right, that's cool. Listen to all them. Your girlfriend, what's your girlfriend? Janet. Janet? Does she go? Oh, damn. Woo! A couple of chains. All right. Did you guys enjoy spaz radio? Oh, definitely. Yes, and great stuff. Classic, isn't it? Yes, it is. They were sitting out here just howling. Yeah. They were sitting out here just howling. Would you like to explain to the audience now? I think he can. How much are you packing? 400. 400 pounds. That's right. How old are you? 18. Oh, you're the guy. 18. That's right. We talked to him before vacation. Yeah. Wow. 400 pounds. I got the thong. I got the thong. Oh, my God. I got the thong. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. All right. You didn't fit in that. I did. You fit in that? Yup. Can you put that on so you get a picture on the unofficial website? Yeah. I'll do it. I don't care. You'll do it? Let's just step into that thing. All right. All right. I can't believe it fits in that. What do you mean? All right. He's the 400 pound 18-year-old is stepping into a thong. Can I? Down. Down. Down. Down. Down. That's the best. That's the best. I'm not reaching my insides. Look at that thong. It's stretched like the cables on the Barrazano Bridge. It's like there's quite a lot of tension on those puppies. There is. Wow. You carry 400 pounds well, I must say. Thank you. He's a very fast runner. Yeah. Oh, really? Very fast. On the mile in about an hour. Relatively speak. He was the last kid in school. Yeah. Yeah. He was to call me in. Okay, you don't have to finish. Just come in. Oh, that guy. Like everyone's jogging. It's like the last guy. All right, come on in. He was trying to get the girls that walk and then they just leave you. Thank you. Then the last one huffing and puffing. Do you like being fat? Does it have any ... You're not going to see me on one of the talk shows crying because I was tortured in school or anything. Yeah, not until we got to pull you out of the side of the house with a forklift. Yeah, you don't want that. My nickname will become like handboner, so I'm going to have to be fat. I'm going to have to be fat. I'm going to have to be fat. Yeah, you don't want to do that. You don't want Teamsters removing you from your own house. No. Jerry, I've lived and exist into my room. Like Job of the Hutt. You know, you don't want that. We might have found the next fat comedian. Yeah, pretty funny. You got some chops to you. Say, show me planet. Is there any advantages to being this overweight there? What's your name? Because you're Mike. You're Mike, okay. Oh, scared people of me. They don't bother me. I don't have any people walking up to me. You seem pretty cool. You seem confident. Yeah. You know, seems like no one's going to mess with you. Man, I guess so, but I mean, God, do you have any plans on maybe shedding some of that? Yeah, I don't want to be ... Yeah, eventually. How much does your brother weigh? No, I was nervous. I don't have a brother. Oh, okay. Yeah, I have a sister. You ate a bit. She's just as big as me. You have a sister that's bigger than you? Yeah, not really. How big is she? Well, she had a baby, so that's why she's big, but ... A baby? She's not like 400 pounds. She doesn't have a kid in my belly. You look like a baby. Get in my belly. You look like a baby. Come here, wee man. And how much does ... I've got a turtle head poking out. And how much does she weigh now? She's about probably like 300, a quarter of a ton maybe. Wow. And like what, your whole life? Pretty plump? Yeah, maybe when I was like about a minute old. A minute old. He's like growing by the second. He stuck formula in my mouth and then I was hooked. I got the permanent. That was pretty funny. We got to play the fuse. So what do you have for breakfast, Mike? Normal. Whatever is in the fridge. Normal for you might be normal, not going to be normal for everybody else. Twinkies. I don't know. Bad times here. You want Twinkies? Yeah, you got to watch that. Seems like your buddies are cool to you though, huh? Yeah. What are they going to do? Kill them. Look at them. I'll turn them into puddles. How's the chick situation? All friends to me. Nothing like that. God damn. Intimate. See, that's what happens. You're like the lovable fat guy. We got to get a ... Like the Stapuff Marshmallow Man. We got to get the 400 pound 18 year old to bang it. Oh God. We got to play a new game, guys. Who wants to bang a 400 pound kid? Come on. Where's the inappropriate bell when you need it? There you go. There you go, man. Hey Mitch on line four wants to ask you when was the last time you ate? Before I came here. I had a nice long walk up here. Oh man, never again. Nice long walk into the elevator. That sounds like two miles. I walked like 18 coming up here from 33rd Street. Yeah, he walked all the way from 33rd. Yeah. So you're feeling a little thin right now. I am. Probably shut off like five pounds, I wish. Five pounds? Yeah, I wish. That's a good start maybe. You think we could get him a banging? Probably. Probably. He should be the stacker two guy over here. I don't know, I think he needs a stacker four. You got to burn a lot more than fat. Wow. You know, you ought to do something though. I mean just the fact that we can't afford to lose any listeners. Yeah, we need listeners. Every day we tell them. You know, you're 18 and stuff, it might seem like, you know, only old fat people croak. But you know, you got to watch that. Let's ask his buddies Chris and David, does he eat a lot? I eat more than him. You eat more than him and how much do you weigh? I weigh 195. Man, what is it? It's metabolism, how is it called metabolism? Slow metabolism, not a slow jaw though. Chewing that food like a wood chipper. Yeah. Pencil sharpener. Yeah. I don't know, you're not the guy at lunch at school with stuff with a tray packed with stuff. I remember some guy at my elementary school, he was huge, I mean probably bigger than you. Yeah. And he used to carry the tray with one hand and it was just piled with food and then those little pint things of milk would be lined up his arm. I swear, his hand all the way up his arm. What was his name? Eric Cofiro and he lost the weight. He came in junior high the next year, over the summer, he shed so much weight. We were like, who the hell is this? And he felt good about himself. He got hit by a bus or something. I'm kidding about that. But you know, you ought to do something. Are you that guy though? You pack out? Yeah. I can't believe you eat a normal meal. Yeah, it's not like I splurge. What do you eat? What's breakfast for you? You know, if there's like eggs or something, I'll have like eggs, toast, whatever. Eggs the chicken came out of. What? No? Go to McDonald's and wipe them out, ask for everything on the menu or something. Do you eat fast food a lot? Yeah. Yeah, see that's not good. Yeah, but I'm telling you, part of it is hereditary because there's no way I could get that big. There's no way. If I ate 24 hours a day, I would not get up to 400 pounds. No. His parents can use help. His parents are scared of him. His parents are scared of him. His parents are scared of him. What about like grandparents? Does it run in that? They're very skinny. On my mom's side, yeah. I don't know, I don't remember any of them. Those cancer wires. Yeah, that's pretty funny. The mosquito picked them up and took them off the floor. Spaz is a man, whoever that is. You're out there on the cancer wire. Anthony, Richard Simmons checking in today. All right. Please have the fat kid eat spaz. Spaz getting in my belly. That's like an appetizer for me. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. I'm going to have to get a spaz. live wire. What about on Smother? Maybe she'll die. Have you guys been keeping track of the most offensive song contest? Yes. I think that's the best. You think Killifetus is the best? Yeah. What about you guys? All in agreement? Baby Rape. Baby Rape. Very catchy. What about the KKK, man? Oh yeah, that's good too. I never heard of FBA. FBA is brutal. That was like an exhibition song that started the whole thing. Can't wait to hear the new stuff you got. We got two new ones. I'm going to debut next. One is okay and one is ha. One could be in the running. Yeah, I think so. Catchy, you'll be humming this one. So you guys are picking your kids up from the nursery. You guys can hang out, check out the songs with us and give your opinions. Go sit on the lesbian couch out there and enjoy. I had the girl sitting on it. That's good. Yeah, you're sitting right on there. There's a lot of splooges in all over. How about the table? You see the glass table? Yeah, I saw it. I know what we're going to use that for. Oh boy. The girl is going to come in and take a crunch on it. Nice. With somebody underneath, some lucky winner. All right guys. All right, it's Mike. What's up? It's Mike, Chris and David. Thanks, man. And you're going to hook them up with some great stuff, right? All right, give them some valuable private. All right, quick break and we'll do the latest entries in the most offensive song contest right after this. A gigantic boombox is coming down. Hand me the RPG. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. I'm going to get it. Oh, Anthony, remember Mickey J? Mickey J. Yeah, that was my pal. I remember him from the old BAB days. He was considered the mayor of Montauk. Yeah, he was on my old radio show. He was a nut. Well, I've got a bunch of email from people that remember him from the old days. Oh, wait a minute. You're talking a little weird. They say that Mickey J passed on Anthony. Oh, no. How did it happen? I guess he went swimming. No, really? This past Fourth of July. Oh. And Mickey J never swam. Oh, no. And the rumor is he has passed on. Oh, no. And I've been trying to confirm it, but I haven't gotten an answer yet. It's not true. I hope it's not true because the guy... I love him. The guy was a character. Give my condolences to... All right, listen, cut it out. He was my pal, you ass. All right, Anthony, we got a couple new entries in the most defensive song. In the most defensive song contest? Yes. Finally, some worthy of air. We've listened to at least 30 songs in the last two days. Most of them went right into the garbage. Yeah. I'm sorry, but the bar has been raised to a level that is going to be hard to match, right, Ant? Absolutely. And a good way to get your song on the air is make it so we can hear the words. That would be appreciated. How many of these did we get? I'm sorry, but the bar has been raised to a level that is going to be hard to match, right, Ant? Absolutely. And a good way to get your song on the air is make it so we can hear the words. Wow, you might have been laughing recording this, but you can't understand a word you're saying. That's sound. It doesn't have to be good musically. It's got to be offensive and we got to be able to hear it. We've slammed so many songs into the wastebasket. We're two seconds into hearing them when we hear that. I can't move my leg and I'm so broken. Oh great, the guy decided to put the distortion all over his guitar, the vocals. What are you doing? Alright, so we can hear it. These songs are an example of being able to hear it, being offensive. Yeah, the song I'm going to play barely made the cut, I'm going to be honest with you. Yeah, see the other ones were so utterly bad that this one actually squeaked by. Barely, not going to lie to our listeners. Really not that good. This is kind of the warm up song to the one we're going to play in about five minutes called I'm Horny for Little Girls, which I think could be in the running. It's a contender, Rock! It's definitely a contender. But the one we want to play right now... That sucks monkey ass. Well it's a song called Newborn Baby Shoop. And they wrote us a letter, Anthony. The guys in the band, Dear O and A, Newborn Baby Shoop is our entry in the most offensive song contest. Dear Casey. Right. I'm equally proud and horrified that I was able to write a song such as this and I have you sick apps to thank for it. Anyway, Inferpenny, Inferpound, the name of the band is WA, which stands for We're All of Us Going to Hell. We're All of Us Going to Hell. That would be the dumbest thing I've heard all day if we didn't do Spaz Radio. I was going to say, Spaz is the leader of this band. The name of the band is WA. There is no actual pronunciation of the name, rather it's the sound made by the surprise cake on the Little Rascals episode. WA. Okay. WA is Attila the Pun on lead vocals, Billy Caligula on lead guitar, Jackie Ripper on rhythm guitar, Al Hitler on bass, and Genghis Bung on drums. We would be honored to play at your next road show. That is if lightning doesn't strike us dead first. So with that, Anthony, please hang on for the next one, but this is the warm up, okay? All right. This is Newborn Baby Soup by We Walk. Newborn Baby Soup, Newborn Baby Soup. And then a little later I looked for Applejack's Coupe. First, I take a baby and stab its little neck. Hang it by its little toes and drain it on the deck. Drop it in a boiling pot with vegetables and herbs. Where did I get this recipe? I learned it from the Serbs. Newborn Baby Soup, Newborn Baby Soup. A little salt and pepper and let it stir the coop. Newborn Baby Soup, Newborn Baby Soup. And then a little later I looked for Applejack's Coupe. People think I'm crazy, my taste is rather strange. But every newborn baby is potentially insane. You'd like to hold a baby, it's a me that's just a born. I would rather boil it up and suck it through a straw. Newborn Baby Soup, Newborn Baby Soup. A little salt and pepper and let it stir the coop. Newborn Baby Soup, Newborn Baby Soup. And then a little later I looked for Applejack's Coupe. Newborn Baby Soup, Newborn Baby Soup. Stir the coop! Newborn Baby Soup, Newborn Baby Soup. Applejack's Coupe! Okay, terrific! That's that. Newborn Baby Soup by Waa. A lot of people are already checking in saying the song is horrible. This was the best one we got since we went away on vacation. Until this next song was handed to us during the show today, Anthony. I think they, Nick, from Elmont checking in, not good enough. Not good. I think they were concentrating a little too much on the music. Making sure the harmonies are good. That's an example of a song that almost made it. Let's put it that way. I mean the music was kind of on... Quality wise, very good. Had a catchy little hook. They were almost there. Almost, very close. What about the guys Mike, Chris and David? It sucked. Say it sucked, it's alright. But alright isn't going to do it. It's not a winner. Yeah, you're going to have a little country. It's not a baby raper, right? No. You're going to have to gasp when you hear the winner. That's what it is. The winner is going to have to make you go, oh my God. Well let's go to the phones, Anthony, before we play the next entry. A song called I'm Horny for Little Girls. Danny, what's going on? Hey, how are you today, Danny? Alright, you know what? These guys are really taking the rear like you guys. Real hard. I got him again. It's the take it in the rear guy. Alright, man. Can't get enough of the take it in the rear guy, Anthony. He loves saying we take it in the rear. Thank you, take it in the rear guy. Bob, what's going on? That was the worst song I've ever heard. Yeah, pretty bad, huh? Yeah, I tried to get through while you were playing it to tell you to turn it off. Well, we're giving you an example of some of the stuff we've gotten. That's the best song that we got in the last week and a half. You should have slam dunked that one. That was bad. Alright, well we've got one that's going to make up for that, trust me. Okay, if you can play the KKK song, I've never heard that one before. Oh, jeez, man. I don't know. We'll play it again at the end of the contest. You got it. Alright, thank you. Alright. Those are the ones that stand out in people's minds, the KKK. Well, I don't know. Put the hook on that new little baby thing. Hang it from a tree. Ashley. Hey. Hey. That song was so stupid. I'm a 16 year old girl and I could write worse songs than that. Oh yeah? That was so stupid. We're doing the right thing together. I think she looks good. Alright, well you like fat guys. Yeah. Alright, well thank you Ashley. Okay. Yeah, I don't even think we need to go to the phones anymore, Anthony. Yeah, I think that one's going to cut it. Newborn Baby Soup by Wall. Well, thank you for your entry and thank you for your... I encourage them to send in another entry though. I think they're close, Anthony. Yeah. I think they have what it takes to maybe, you know, do a little better than this. Throw in a little racism maybe. That goes over with the country. It gives our listeners a taste of what we've been getting lately. And that's one we could hear. That was one we could hear and we thought almost made the cut. But Anthony, while we were doing Spaz Radio, I don't even know who took the package, but some guy stopped by the station, a guy that wants to be known as Q. An example of a good one. Oh yeah, we liked this one. Yeah, let's remind people it's the most offensive song contest. Right, and the purpose of the most offensive song contest is to write the most offensive song. Yes. Which we will judge. Now, you can't win this contest if the song isn't offensive. So that's why we're airing these. Correct. And of course we in no way condone the activities that are described in some of these songs. Oh no. These are not necessarily the ideas of the Opium Anthony Show or any W or CBS or Infinity Broadcasting or anybody else that we have to say. With that said, Anthony, let's play the latest entry in the most offensive song contest. Yes. It's by a guy named Q. Q. The song is called I'm Horny for Little Girls. All right. You might recognize the song. Yes. Each time I see a little girl, eight or nine or ten, I can't resist the urge to stick my tongue inside the ten because I'm horny for little girls. For little girls who have hairless little tw*****s. I'm horny for little girls. I get them hot on alcohol and pot. That little butt surrounds so tight and shiny. It makes you want to stash your junk inside her ***. I'm horny for little girls. I want to bang them all. Sometimes as young as one or two. And then I kill them when I am through. I'm horny for little girls. I tape their mouths and tie them to the wall. I'm horny for little girls. I bite them and I make them lick my ***. Their little nips are helpless and appealing. I want to slice them off and mount them on the ceiling. I'm horny for little girls. I'm horny for them all. No matter where, no matter who. Without them my old *** would be blue. I'm horny. I'm so horny. I'm horny for little girls. Come and sit on my lap little girl. I have some candy for you. Okay, terrific. Wow, now that is a classic of Vincent's song. Bravo, you've done a bang up job of offending a lot of people with that one. That's Q. I'm horny for little girls Anthony. Wow, look at the reviews coming in. Unbelievable. Well, let's go to the phones here. Louis. Oh my God, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. We have a lot of people here. Oh my God, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding. We have a winner. Oh my God. Hey guys, I think you better leave this studio now. The lightning bulb is coming for you. Well, is it better than the KKK? Man, that's what we've got to ask ourselves. I'm not sure because I must admit I miss the KKK song. I can't wait to hear it. But this song is just, oh man, this song is a killer. This is the example of what a song should be. All right, thank you Louis. Hey dude, I got some quick advice for the guy to lose some weight. Great diet plan. I tried it out. I used to weigh about 400 pounds myself. I'm now 197. Great plan. Dock tape over your mouth, Bravo. Dock tape. Thank you for that. Mike in the studio, 18 years old, 400 pounds hanging out with us today. All right, well let's get some more reviews. John Benet Ramsey checking in. I love the song. Let's go to Chris. Chris, you're next on NAW. Oh man, how you doing? How you doing? This is the hands down winner. This is too funny. Isn't that a good one? No, it's a dream re-release. All right, bye. Is it better than the KKK, man? You know, it's a totally different subject. Yeah. And I think it's equally as offensive. And it's very creative. Who would think someone would use a Chevalier song? You know? I mean, you've got to give them credit for that. Yeah, you've got to give them a lot of credit, Mike. You know, he totally went off the racism. And went right to the, you know, screwing the little girls. Tony! Yo. Hey. Listen, big F you to Q because I'm going to church right now just for listening to that. Yeah. All right, Tony, thank you. Let's go to Mike. Let's go to Mike. A lot of people are shocked at this point, Anthony. Mike. What's going on? Yo. Yo. Oh my God. I had to chop up my ears for listening to that. Yeah, that's pretty bad. Is that guy French out of curiosity? Yes. Maurice Chevalier. Yeah. Oh God. Well, it is the most offensive song contest. We can't sugar coat this thing. I know I have a sister in my house and I hope she didn't hear that, okay? Thank you. Thank you. I'm in my house and wondering. Thank you. A lot of this gong, okay, horrific contest over. Steve, what's going on? Oh man, that was great. Yeah. Absolutely great. Yeah. Yup. All right. I just want to know where did you get all my ideas from? Huh? Huh? What? Huh? What? Where did you steal all my ideas from? Who's this? I'm just kidding. Who's this? Howie? All right, Steve, thank you. There's a joke in there somewhere. Woody Allen checking in. Yeah. You're on me. You're on me. Eddie, what's going on? What's up, guys? Hey. This song was not, it wasn't offensive. It was just funny. All right, so you're still voting for the KKK, man? KKK. I even jumped out of that. Oh my God. Yeah. Josh, what's going on? Yeah, when you have the line like that in the song. Hey, it's impressive, right? Hey, it's impressive, right? Yeah, Josh. That is not funny. That's not funny. That's not funny. That's not funny. That's not funny. That's not funny. That's not funny. That's not funny. That's not funny. That's not funny. That's not funny. That's the most offensive song I've ever heard. All right. That's the best song ever. See, it might get some of the extra votes by being funny. People might say, you know, it's funny, it sounds good. I'm going to vote that one. Well, funny is part of it, though. It sure is gearing up to be. Part. I just said a part. Because you take the KKK song, you know, musically it's an abomination. Right. And I consider everything, you know, is there a little fun to it? I don't know. See, I don't know because we don't decide even the rules to this. No, it's going to... People will judge what is the most offensive. If they want to decide that the offensive songs are kind of better when they're a little funny, then so be it. All right. Let's go to Kim. So far, I think that's a great song. Very funny. But I still think the KKK song is by far the most offensive song I've ever heard. All right, Kim? Yes. Oh, my God. Come on, man. How are you? Good. Besides, the song being offensive, you guys are laughing about it. That's even more offensive. Come on. It's a nervous laugh. Oh, it's very nervous. It's a nervous laugh. You guys are looking hysterical. Well, that song is fun. Come on now. All right, Kim. Thank you. Please. Thank you. Bye-bye. Let's go to Dan. Dan, you're next on NAW. What's up? I got to say that the KKK song is much worse than... Much worse than... More offensive. I'm horny for little girls. The KKK song, you can't even show your face if that's your song. Yeah, that's true. I think my vote is for the KKK man, too. Now that I think about it a little bit. Mine, too. Thank you. Bye, bro. Go ahead, Dan. We lost him. Hair lip checking in from Jersey. Little girls makes me feel like watching Full House naked. Hey, Taryn, what's up? Taryn. Hello. Yes. What's up? Hey. I just want to say that... All right, I'm dumping out for the sake of the radio show. Jesus Christ. All right. That was just over the top. Old Dirty, what's going on? Yo, let me tell you something. Okay, yes. Yo. Yo. I dedicated the original when my daughter was born. Yeah. But, yeah, let me tell you something. That song gives you more of a visual. What? It's so disgusting, D. I was going to throw up when I heard that song, kid. Well, yeah. Man. Which daughter, Old Dirty? Huh? Yo, yo, Anthony. Anthony. Hold on, man. Let's see how... Hey, Ted Bundy checking in. Those were my lyrics. He stole my song. Yo, let me tell you. Now, I don't know. It's between that and the KKK, but this... He came pretty close, man, this KQ. Yeah, we'll have to wait and see. I'm sure it'll be on the unofficial website for everyone to vote soon. Yeah, yo, yo, fat boy. You better lose some weight, man. Four bucks ain't healthy, kid. Four bucks. Remember what happened to Big Bun, yo. Yeah. You don't want to end up like that. Yeah. You're going to be a big fat boy. Yeah. You're going to be a big fat boy. Yeah. Four bucks. Remember what happened to Big Bun, yo. Yeah. You don't want to end up like Big Pun. No. All right, thank you. All right, baby, peace. All right. Roman Polanski voting for the little girl song. All right, Jay, you're next on NAW. Yeah, guys, I think we really have to go with categories. It's like comparing like pitchers and batters. You know, you think... You think? I don't know. You think you can get a whole awards show together. Wow. Yeah. If an E.N.E. will show it, you know, I could have a whole big party. It's wonderful. I love the old home. It's so wonderful to go. All right, Jay. All right, guys, syndication now. Thank you. We got King Gamp. The convulse on the floor. All right, Sam's going to explain why this song is more offensive. Sam, what's up? Hey, guys. Hey. KKK Man is not as offensive as this song because it dealt with race. It dealt with the black people. Yeah. But this song is just so much more offensive because it applies to all races. A wider range to offend. Yes. Yes, okay. Definitely. All right, I see. So it feels like, you know, it's not gonna be offensive. It's just more black people would take offense to the KKK Man song than any other group. So this song, just anyone who has a little girl finds it offensive. Yeah. Well, I kind of see your point, sure. So I'm placing my vote for this song. I don't even find that song offensive. I'm horny for little boys, yes, William, oh dear. Vinny the Racer is checking in. We haven't heard from him in a while. Vinny. What's that, fellas? Hey, Vinny. You know what? I love that KKK song. Really? Vinny the Racer. Classic. Yes. It goes right down with the Beatles. That is a classic. Who's the composer of that, by the way? Another pseudonym. I have to look back at my notes and forget offhand. Are they going to have that Jim Goodes? Is it going to be on sale soon? I want to put in an order for $100. I've got a couple of my friends who want to buy it. Thank you, Vinny. Love you guys. All right, bye. Oh, please, don't. Don't love us. Hey, Chris, what's up? Yo, what's with the song, man? What is this? What? This is disgusting. Yeah, I know. What do you guys plan for next week? What do you guys plan? Some kind of game here? Why, it's wonderful. I love it. Yeah, it's called the most offensive song contest. All right, it can't curse though. All right. Dr. Smith, Dr. Smith, remove yourself from that board. All right, thank you. That's one. All right, see you. All right, bye. All right, we got to take a break. All right. It'll be up to the listeners to decide. Yeah. Between the KKK man and the... Horny for little girls. Horny for little girls by Q. But there's other ones in there still in the running. Come on. Cam concentration. Cam concentration. Why don't we take you to cam concentration? And don't forget baby raper. Baby raper. And kilofetus. Yeah. Yeah. There's still a lot in the running. Believe me. And FBA. Well, new ones pouring in on a daily basis. Yeah. New ones, but then you find the diamond in the rough. But you guys are horny for little girls. Yeah, you guys got to understand, you know. You got to like be on the same level as this song by Q where it's... Creative. Creative, clear, clear, funny. Yeah. It doesn't have to be funny. It could just be offensive, but that one fits the funny category. That's why most of the songs end up in the garbage. Oh, what the hell. One more time. Q. I'm horny for little girls. Each time I see a little girl, it's a nine-o-fifty. I can't resist the urge to stick my tongue inside of them because I'm horny for little girls. For little girls, I have hairless lily twigs. I'm horny for little girls. I get them hot on alcohol and pot. That little butt surrounds the pipe and shiny. It makes you want to stash your junk inside her... I'm horny for little girls. I want to bang them all, sometimes as young as one or two. And then I kill them when I am through. I'm horny for little girls. I tape their mouths and tie them to the wall. I'm horny for little girls. I bite them and I make them lick my butt. Their little nips are helpless and appealing. I want to slice them off and mount them on the ceiling. I'm horny for little girls. I'm horny for them all, no matter where, no matter who. Without them, my old butt would be blue. I'm horny, I'm so horny, I'm horny for little girls. Come sit on my lap, little girl, I have some candy for you. Opie, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass, you're obviously a star. The Opie and Anthony Show. It makes me sexy. Fuck. Filters coming to town, Anthony. Yeah, April 20th at the Hammerstein Ballroom. Man, we have tickets to give away to that show all week, right? Yes, we do. We'll try to give away a pair before the end of the show, matter of fact. So if you're a Filter fan, stick around, okay? Phones just exploding over the most defensive song contest, Anthony. Yes, the latest entry has people just freaking out. Let's go to Laura real fast. Laura, what's up? I have never been so upset about a song. Really? I love you guys, I listen to you every day, you're how I make it home every night. But I've got to tell you, I shut the radio off. You did? Well, I guess this is the winner. Well, we are doing the most offensive song contest. Like I said, I guess it's the winner then. Really? It gets your vote, Laura? Oh, definitely. I mean, I listened to all the rest, even Baby Graper didn't upset me that much. But this one, this one's it. It's just how it's sung, you know, and it's such a happy... Oh, but still. Alright, well, thank you. No, Nick, anytime. Alright, Laura, there she goes. Laura, she's voting for, I'm voting for little girls. Let's go to Katie. Katie, you're next on any number. I'm Katie, ma'am. Yeah, man. Thanks, ONA. You guys, it wasn't the worst. KKK was the worst. KKK's the worst. I'm a girl I should know. Okay. There's a Gerard show, girls cannot be abused. The girls abuse the boys here. Okay, terrific. Thank you, Katie. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Anthony. Yo, what's up? This is Anthony from Jersey. Hi, Anthony. Let me tell you something. I have no kids. Yeah. And I love you guys. Yeah. But that song is offensive. Yeah, that's pretty bad. You know, the KKK is the worst. I don't mind that. Yeah, of course you don't. So you would vote for I'm Horny for Little Girls? Oh, yeah, most definitely. Yeah, all right. Well, thank you, Anthony. No problem. I don't know if we can continue with this contest. It's just getting uglier and uglier. It's supposed to, though, isn't it? I guess. I hear the song is being nominated for an Oscar and Robin Williams is going to sing the Oscar. Thank you, Robin. I'm horny for little girls. Oh, yeah. All right. Hey, Chris. Chris. Chris. Chris. Chris. Chris. Chris. Chris. Chris. Chris. Chris. Chris. Chris. What's up, guys? You're on the radio. What's up? I was listening to this Most Offensive Song Contest and I think, you know, I'm here in a Most Offensive Song Contest. The song's got to shock the hell out of me. Yeah. And this thing about a French guy, you know, wanting to rape little girls, it doesn't shock me. That doesn't shock you? No, I expect it. And then I look at this, the KKK song and who doesn't agree with that song? Oh. I know, it's bad to say, but you know, who doesn't agree with it? But then you hear a song where, you know, the lyrics. I'll go on record. I don't agree with it. Thank you, Chris. You hear the music and it's on a song and it sounds like it's going to suck. And then this guy starts singing Baby Raper. I'm laughing my ass off. I've got to go Baby Raper. You're going with Baby Raper at this point. I've got to go Baby Raper. Okay. Later, guys. That gives a little explanation. You know, I think at this point, I think we've had enough Baby Raper type songs. Well, they do strike a nerve. We need you guys to spread out the topics here. What else can be offensive? What else? We have the racism thing pretty well covered. We have the baby raping thing pretty well covered. What else? Camp Concentration. Camp Concentration, right? But that falls into, you know, racism. I don't know. People are either upset about race or baby raping. That's it. All right. Carolyn? Yeah. How are you? I'm good. I wanted to say a couple of things. I think that Chevalier's song was so offensive and I also didn't think that it was that creative because he already, the original intention of the song was about little girls. So he really didn't take it in a totally different direction. Oh, yeah. It's just like the original Thank Heaven for Little Girls. That's sort of, you know. Which is supposed to be just some sweet little tribute or some ode to girls and how sweet they are and how wonderful a place they make the world. Yeah. I like it. Jesus, man. And also, and I mean also. Maybe it's in Taiwan. Anyway, the other thing that I wanted to say was that, I mean, officially I guess I'm still considered a little girl because I'm 17. Okay. But I find that Anthony has like a really, really sexy voice and- That's your baby man. I like that sexy voice. Okay, well not that voice, but one of his other voices is sexy in there somewhere. I don't know, the whole pedophile thing. I'm sorry, I'm boring you. Yeah, you kind of are. I'm sorry and I'm nervous and I sort of forgot. No, you did fine. No, I didn't. Yes, you did. Let's rate her appearance. I did have another area of offensiveness that I think that people could go into. Here it comes. They could maybe have sex with Quadra-Politics or people who are- Double-I! Oh, man. Nice vibe. Can't say will. It's taking a while. And off the edge of the table. I know. Whoever sees that one coming. Carolyn, thank you. Will we get a date by train? No. Oh, no. Oh, no. It's not worth the train. All right, thank you. Oh, nice. Nice slam, yeah. All right, we hung up on her. Green, what's going on? Hello? Hi. I still got to go to the camp concentration. ... work and everything... yet the other one i think it came in yet you think the n word everything and i think you'd like shocking things to make the effect of ended the time to do it is about to keep and also if you know it and it is the first time you heard it the paper blind uh... there is no entity all right so green you're a voting for camp competition i got thank you right now let's move on yes in the studio we have bill you've been waiting for like two hours all bail as you know that's a happy the arrived when we started spaz radio around four o'clock oh yeah yeah illogical now someone's got a uh... help me out with the story dick sales some guy killed himself building on the story started out in the early morning and i'll you know i'm just asking we get spassed to tell the story uh... i can't keep up with that but the headphones on their bill all right so uh... what happened in dick sales i guess this is a huge story or on vacation you'd be better way back on the record friday told about it but i'm bern the guy was up on his roof to scream and rave and had gone shooting in the air uh... yeah he spent all morning of the income of one thirty looks like it someone on some of the time to do we don't have a good just lose brains out of the hands and now alright so he committed suicide on the top of this roof yet after a standoff of what i five or six hours as one seven or eight seven or eight hours here and and he was drinking on the roof right yeah he's drinking in the morning in the and uh... he went on the other side of the roof and and lose brains out jay grab the guns that in the back of the house and and shout one off and bill why are you here because i've been a safe wow you you were there yeah across the street it was your neighbor yet i never met the guy who would have been living about a year kind of a loner all is a gentle so that'll gag really uh... some others and there's a whole story behind it so and what's the story that they're starting to say well at first they were saying that he might have killed the sun and then the cops came is when you bring up on the roof so they wouldn't take a minute or something like that alright let's say uh... gunman killed himself a our standoff with police implicated himself in his stepson's murder let's say his nineteen-year-old stepson missing since september this guy called the local cable tv station what was it is well yes and the figures all new to our well getting the coup the crack team if i'm gonna take my own life i'm called sale real news station there's a lot of and now the weather from your backyard anthony news twelve i send a hot chick the blind that's a good guy in it say that a lot of people are from long island is well as the local little uh... news they had a reward waiting for a warning come on all they basically have one newscast that they run over and over and over again all day long you know it's funny i was watching news twelve when the gulf war started aghasted going all over the place cnn of course shows baghdad just tracer browns flying up in the air i switched to news twelve their pre-recorded news they did that morning was still showing a guy making a cake i like there is a war going on and this guy on news twelve will show you how to make a good those who are on the island from your backyard the guy at the voice that uh... correct from queens to riverhead who gives a crowd uh... so he calls news twelve send down there let's say stevie station tells uh... the news that his son's body parts have been found and he was thinking about killing himself option new york city never told him about the dismemberment all of the they found out the guy that stepson's body like pieces of his head the salt is it's up a web box with uh... scrawled uh... on his skull in magic marker and to get an empty black epithets he was by racial his father was white his mother black man and then he uh... shot himself so this guy gets implicated in his stepson's uh... his biracial stepson's murder because they find stepson's skull with anti-gay and anti-black epithets the guy did it so we shot himself and you videotape yet that's great he lives across the street and i didn't do you guys to see uh... is like the arbor wire that we see the bloods coming out his face not united and get that into that kind of sat he slid down the back of the house uh... how you do it to camera shoot as he does not have another camera on the uh... backyard they cut the cover up but he's not enough and i mean that that is battery carrier like company got to yourself about everyone but i don't feel like you know was anyone else filming it that the time i didn't know but it turns out the next day some guys shows up in the video camera he stopped filming about an hour before the guy did it so that the law lost out there on the big news uh... all the news agencies want a copy of uh... of bills tape was in this program the and they take it was smart enough to turn on their camera don't make no big kept everyone half-mile down the road the totally and blinded in the middle of the already so that so what you were there what are you window and they would let us have a house guide also you know if they all we scared is going to shoot at you now because i saw him shooting shots in the air in the morning and that's still is going to be doing and he was appointed anybody could just leave the barrel down at me and take a shot and i think that i have a good and he doesn't have your own now for the trade in fire that could be fun imagine that the guys think it is going to be a lot of the kids and shots may be taken all i think it's part of the neighbor and was this on that comment so that friendly fire so that would would you see on the tape and i think this is a radio the guy goes on the other side of the roof the making the same in the view anymore also like a pg movie now that he is the big gun he's the beginning here and was it a rifle or a little is probably a forty four all personally and is the big gun and then you hear the blast and and it was all over at that point right and right there in dick's hills would you like to see the video and what's more amazing okay that somebody did this well that there was even somebody half black living in dickson i think the latter of the town as well as on coming today all i don't have the watch i hate watching people that people send these gross stuff on the email i don't look at it just school sex rules like violence i don't like you're the only one that hasn't seen a goal in the room a market on a mike for anthony and just look at it real fast will take thirty seconds thirty second all of this it's really not that bad and to go into the other studio cycle mark in there with bills uh... videotape the guy blown his head off on top of the roof those that and about the defense and anthony or any other studio i see that yeah yeah okay i'm eagerly awaiting their cycle mark start the ten grand okay anthony explain what you say i can hear you i think i am seeing some words and what it area uh... is that the guy although on the roof right it's really trees would use a tape that year used to take the esp and after a quarter and you say i'm okay you see i'm going to hear the blast while yeah to a surprise winning footage there they're going to be a little almost as good as a pruder film can be the reporter was that really and they're coming back into the studio here so i thought that it's not that bad but said talk about the missed shot yeah i know i know it's kind of like the guys in the group film are you so kennedy's brains hit the uh... as you know i think it is like but the interesting part is like eighteen minutes of footage what else is on there from the standoff he made us like a uh... a best of take a look at a highlight real and one point took his clothes up to show one of the cops is taxed as he was a veteran to i was in the same uh... you got that and i got him pulling something out of the with the stations and boos up in the chimney i have been pulling that out of chug that down through it off the roof and a lot of him screaming about how big he's just trying to get the cops to shoot him while really was almost begging for it why did he point the gun at the cops that would have gone at the cost of sure i'd show what's going on hey guys don't get back but what happened with this guy got a call from the cops in queens say they found the body of my kiss you started to say he called his twelve and he said that they they found his body parts but they never told them that so he gave himself up when he said that i can use twelve uh... he kind of implicated himself and they they have bushed in there the best part about the best part about that is the next thing that comes to my house and tell me that everything that he said on the roof was a lie it didn't mean i like i've got a quarter to buddy i saw it all heard it all very excited about the after you know she's been picked up the tape all right so thank you and then we lost you didn't really i didn't really get a good view of them kill himself he kind of ducked down here behind me a peek of the roof so so so we can sell the tape to you think see what happens you calls get a couple calls in a ready for people who called you well first real quality show queen letifah called me queen letifah i was right on top of that one queen letifah twenty twenty called after that and well given a twenty twenty you'll see what bob waltz was one of the i don't think it's like a quality though like the content is in that good he he totally disappears and the roof i think it's a little bit of a one-shot they wouldn't show that on on tv anyway and i think every news station showed at six o'clock that what i had really every single news station why you give it to the next to make a money on that maybe and they are going to have to listen and it's easier because i still i have capitalizing on a man's death that's great that's good and i don't think any criminal employees and i don't care if they think that they could really because you wanted for nothing probably yet she doesn't have a lot of money that's not that i have to show you that alright well we have a big bill after coming by with the tape and i think that it's pretty cool i just uh... which the guy you know whatever right up front which had the money that we should have the money shot there you know the position really but that's like that one of the last of the hotel and i thought that i think that part of the get all the lead up all the more playing no money shot this story tt boy right uh... well very good that thanks man anytime anything for the show that's we're killer killer show today and literally with that last video killer we gotta thank bill from dick sales got a thank you uh... mike is the four hundred-pound eighteen-year-old in the beginning uh... dave and chris was it chris and uh... dave right now paper stop by the word the latest uh... uh... guys to get well on live tv bravo but this guy beat you i mean you got a lot while tv this guy got like is live suicide on t said you know what you could have done that you could like held your arm out with a while signed by when the guy blew his head off you can add while right in the brain now that would have been great show all the news but it's been a bit of a i was getting interviewed by all the five hundred news reporters around the others is that they can myself damn i wish i had a lot of sign yeah i'm going to have a little bit of a speech about i believe the county is was a rusty trombone his name was thirty centers and uh... i've been a tape and just beyond those cancerous live wire i think he fell on those on the road yes i do have additional footage of a giant mosquito blanket i let's uh... clear the lines because i want to give out some of the other field not believe you with uh... a little contest here who leave you only call if you're into filter cuz filters a great band great live band yeah their latest record title of record is also want to give up the status of a filter fan rights of if you're not into it just uh... all you want to know if you like it anyway on the wrong now yeah we said something something that can take it away from the so if you're not to build a please don't call you know call up for something you're you're into okay with that uh... the tent caller to one two seven five seven one oh two seven wins a pair of tickets to see filter april twentieth at the hammerstein ballroom skinny great show tickets available through to the master by the way right and with that uh... we're out of here we'll see you guys tomorrow to yes thank you to spats to for spats radio great jobs fast that was uh... correspondence spaz on the and model part well stupido отно clinton enemies do it uh...ardan Lee england mobilize communist political uh... public have to like hit themselves on the head repeatedly with the gun. By that time the police could get a big circus net around the house and push them off with a cancerous live wire. Bravooo! Oh my God, yeah. Alright, well, we'll see you tomorrow, man. Yeah, with that, thanks for listening. We'll see you guys tomorrow too. We found a girl that could shoot stuff from a private area. More stupidity on the way. 1027 WNEW.