 What do you want a functioning idiot without a high school diploma get a job in a radio Opie and Anthony theater of the mindless WNEW All right, we're back hey Back really bad wait a minute first of all my headphones are screwed up. Yeah. Yeah when you're when you're gone for like a week I think it all has stuff around here. I can't hear anything right does that sound weird and your headphones in That's a little better How should I like this at all What do they do wrong what do they do differently anyone know All right, that's not it I Put it back in there. I will see Opie Anthony show we're back from vacation. Yes Are you well rested my friend? I am very well rested Anthony my man kind of hooked up off. I see that I'm just like freaking out because the the headphones sound absolutely horrendous They must have put new equipment in here or something since we were last Broadcasting live from the NW studio to make it sound better Yeah, don't they always do that to make the other radio shows around here sound better We did it for you to make it sound better. Well gee thanks now. We're gonna be thrown off all day No one out there to relate to what we're saying so we should just shut our mouths because to them it you know it sounds Exactly the same yeah But they they did something with the equipment so it sounds really really different in our headphones Like really really really really different. It's different. This is not the sound that I'm used to I'm used to a completely different sound and now we got this sound in our headphones They're tweaking all the buttons man. You're just making it worse It just sounds like a robot voice in my headphones, dude By your command we're gonna have to deal with it. What the hell man? Well, what's up, Anthony? Oh, not too much Oh, it was great not seeing you for a week. Oh, thank you. Hey, thanks didn't think of you once Thank you. Well, I was down there in Turks and Caicos What's It's going through all his mail. We got a lot of junk mail since we last talked to you guys. Yeah. Yeah Are you gonna bring it up or not I Was really smart someone screwing with you bad. Yeah, I'm like Subscribing me to magazines Well, you got some buddies done that you got some groovy magazines over there at the groovy magazines Good, you just cancel them. I don't care It's like ridiculous All right. Oh good People there you go. Oh, look at that. I might be a millionaire. Hey Larry, what's going on? Hey, listen, I just I wanted to welcome you back. Thank you. It was only a week Well, you know what when you listen as much as I do Everything's a goddamn repeat when you're gone. Oh, really everything Yeah, we try to keep the the worst of as fresh as possible. But I don't know I was reading some email I was reading some email. It seemed like you guys were digging last week's show. So how was the Turks cake us? Ah club man, it's a way to go. That's where I went man. You've been there. Oh, did you do the trapeze? I did the trapeze scared the kids are crap at you the crap out of me. They have a trapeze set Set up down there. You can do a little swing in and you got to be a midget to walk up that ladder Oh, man, just walking up the ladder was good enough for me. Let me tell you something It would be nice if they brought the board over to the ladder Yeah Yeah, you got and you got to reach for the the swing thing but get it Ah, yeah, and listen I hear Anthony got all those magazines. Yeah, great thing if you're pissed off at somebody Take all those little cards and fill them out in somebody else's name. Yeah, bill me later No, I guess I send them six zillion magazines. I guess that's what happened. Hey, I'm telling you that's way to screw it someone Yeah, I've done that before it's funny, but that's what you got to do It's funny when it happens to someone else though Ah, yeah, well, we'll just put something in at the station that says any magazines that come to me they get sent I will get the lawyers on top of that one. Well, Larry. Thank you. Thanks for calling back. We missed you you effers Larry mmm Larry's got you got my last name right miss still send it Hey, Jim, you're next on any W. What's up? Hey guys, good to have you back It's lovely listening to your uh, uh worst of yeah, the only problem we have is that cap to listen to Rick He's like non-volume Non-emotional type talking person. It's like you said talking of the living dead Ha this is a really what are you talking about? Oh, we'll be back with some more best of all be an Anthony in a few minutes I want to shoot myself. I don't know why he puts on a radio voice when he does that Yeah, cuz when he's on our show, he talks normal. Yeah, that's a perfect voice for him and he should be just normal like every day What's up, man? Unbelievable, I heard he said that a lot We can't my man. Yeah, we can't first on the guy's gone. He's out of education this week himself. So But I heard he turned it into the Rick show Oh, yeah, he was trying to overpower them and everybody knows You know if you weren't if you weren't listening closely You you just assume that we got fired and it was now the Rick show they hired for the Rick show Rick show welcome to mr. Boron's afternoon show. All right, all right. Good to have you back. Thank you, Jim So I bye bye with your Helicopter All right, you guys were just getting started obviously they'd they'd mess with the equipment in here and we got to take quick break And see if they can fix that real fast because it sounds really really bizarre in our headphones All right, so quick break. We'll be back phones already ringing like crazy We like to see that two one two seven five seven one. Oh two seven is the the phone line to get a hold of us Okay, what's this eight seven seven six nine two one? Oh two seven number? Our new one eight hundred number to get a hold of the radio show and all get out of here They couldn't they couldn't come up with a better combination of numbers Hey, if you want to call what the 1-800 number, it's eight seven seven six nine two One-oh-two seven who the hell in their right mind's gonna remember that it's not even like eight hundred. It's eight seven I know it's eight seven seven six nine two one. Oh, no, it has a pen in their car to write that down It's our eight hundred number that doesn't have eight hundred in it. It's eight seven seven. Well, it starts with an eight good Glad to see everyone was busy. Well, hey, what do they accomplish? They got a 1-800 number that doesn't make any sense since we were done. Hey, we're laughing here seven. Oh, it's an eight seven seven number eight seven seven six nine two one Oh to seven give us call on the toll-free line eight seven seven six nine two one. Oh two seven It's our toll-free eight hundred number. That's an eight seven seven number Like something something why couldn't they just get you know, 1-800-555-1027 something that people could quickly remember I don't think people Give out eight hundred numbers anymore. I think they're they're all given out. All right, so so now they had give out eight seven seven Wait, let me look at the phone. Maybe six nine two means something in letters. Does it? Oh, oh, wait, here we go Six is that M&O? And then a nine is the W X Z Two is the ABC that's nothing does that make any sense standing out there that spells nothing It spells may what eight seven seven may one oh two seven no does it yeah I'm trying to come up with an easier way. Are you sure? Yeah in order? There's no way that's both man Yeah, six you could use the M the nine dude. Oh, no, you're right. Yeah You can't mix it around Let me not mix it up. All right, let me try this again. You smoke any ganja when you were down there. Oh man. Yeah Those those those guys know how to make a living a club med No, I did not smoke any reefer though. Anthony the second I got to Miami I'm walking down the sidewalk and the guy comes up to me coke cocaine Felt like you were back in Times Square circuit 1978. Yeah, it doesn't even happen in New York anymore Well since some guys like asking me if I want some coke, oh, you know, I bought a couple keys and Let's go to Mike Mike. Hey, what's up? You got through on the new while 1-800 number that starts eight seven seven Yeah, I just wanted I just want to you know express Myself here. Okay, listen to a couple of brainless idiots that feel that we don't need it that we need a pencil to remember it Yeah, very good. You got a good you got a good brand I guess you didn't smoke a lot of pot when you were younger No, no, I didn't do any of that. All right, Mike. Thank you. All right, welcome back. Hey, thank you All right, so six nine two. We still can't figure out what it what it what an easy way How about we start with the oh, oh a Z no All right, keep going the wrong way. Oh X OXA what is it an O the first one? Yeah, or it could be an M and N or no the six M N or O. All right, and then then you have to make the next number is W X Y or Z and Then what's the other one? ABC. So it could be NWA niggas with attitudes Yeah, you can do NWA. All right what that works too NYC That's pretty good NYC. Okay, all right, New York City. I will get better than NWA I don't know. All right, so we could so if you want to call in the 1-800 numbers 877 NYC NYC 1027. All right now we're talking we're on to something here. Give us a call. Give us a call on earth Oh, free line 877 NYC 102 We're getting somewhere all right, we got to take a quick break. We're just getting warmed up We got to talk about vacation You guys got to fill up fill us in on what happened around here the last week is that we want to know I didn't read A paper or watch TV for a week didn't have a phone in my room. So I am freaking clueless Yeah, did any countries bomb another country or anything like that? I don't think so. No far as I know. All right, I know Let's say the Academy Awards were last night. We'll talk about that. I'll talk about that We'll talk about highlight of the moment of the whole show the cab the camp We got way too much we got way too much to do today Let's just take a quick break and we'll be back stay there This is Vince McMahon of the WWF and if you love a good cage match, you're gonna love Opie and Anthony on 1027 WNEW The Opie and Anthony show the just a bunch of guys sweating Hail to the kings of the radio It's the Opie and Anthony show back from vacay hey man Trying to get back into the swing of things here. Yeah Trying to figure out what the hell happened since we last left you So we went on vacation Anthony, yes we did I did the the Club Med turquoise down there and the Turks and Cape Ghost Turks and Cape Ghosts And was there a couple years ago, yeah, and I went back had a great great time And I don't even know if he's advertising this week, but I got to thank dr. Philotoff and diamond vision Yeah for my brand new eyes. Oh now you can see what I Last time let me tell you something Turson Cape Ghosts topless broads all over the place happening all over the beach all over the place It's great Before I got my new eyes I had to like try to figure out some excuse why I needed to walk like two feet past their beach chair That past week. I'm like near the shoreline a good I don't know 20 30 yards away seeing boobs crystal clear Anthony yes, but you guys can see this stuff Yeah, we were seeing that uh last time How many well everything was fuzzy for you? Oh, yeah, I'm not kidding I always had to make believe I like I would walk past a topless lady making believe like I just happened to be sitting next to her And then I would you know make my beeline out of the area to check out the boobs Yeah, but this past week I The stuff I was saying My lord real boobage ha with your new peepers. Yeah, I think I figured out what's wrong with the headphones by the way What I I learned to scuba dive over vacay and maybe it's your ears Yeah, I think my ears really really yeah come on. I'm serious Jacques Cousteau You were doing it with the tanks and everything yes I was Wow something I always wanted to do and I finally did it and I thought you were too big a fag to Do that that's pretty heavy duty. I knew what the monsters of the deep have you ever dived Anthony no I've done some snorkeling nothing in the realm of some snorkeling of putting on the strapping on the tanks I was awesome you did it was a great great time it so I just see the drain the skimmer Well you do start the pool I Did the resort course and right let me tell you something I highly recommend that you never ever ever swim in a public pool Because when you're underwater with scuba gear in the pool, and you see the crap that is floating Oh, yeah, yeah, cuz you got like the mask on yeah Yeah, you can see crystal clear down there And a lot of girls have no it was it was funny cuz what what now you need this It was funny cuz we're at the bottom of the pool Huge pool down there club man and when the scuba people like myself learning we take over a corner There's like I don't know eight of us underwater Yeah, and all the girls and are jumping in the pool and stuff so you got a perfect view Oh, yeah, they're bathing suits are falling down and stuff, and they have no idea I'm just checking out everything and then there's all sorts of like tissue just floating around the pool I mean tissue like tissue paper and human tissue. No just like tissue paper and Magazine articles and substances just floating God knows what that was pretty disgusting it was disgusting but So after like you know learning how to screw with dive and how long does that take? Three and a half hours for two days two days Two quick days the first day like two hours second day an hour and a half now the first day You're supposed to go in the pool right it right next day You're supposed to go in the ocean, but not too far out offshore Maybe I don't know in 20 feet of water if you're lucky okay The water was too rough so we had to spend the second lesson in the pool in the pool again Yeah, ah come on then the third day when it was time to die Yeah, it was time to take the big step forward Yeah, our boat ride in the middle of the ocean and it's 60 feet of water Whoa, that's a drastic difference than being an eight foot of water in the pool We have walls and chicks jumping in now. There's like the monsters of the day I I was having like a panic attack under the wall like the first dive It was just all about making sure I was gonna survive Yeah, yeah, then the second dive I was able to look around and check out what it was all about It's still pretty creepy, but down there in in Turks and Caicos They take you diving on what the next to what's what's called the wall Anthony yeah Now like the beginners like myself we're in like 60 feet of water, which isn't that big of a deal, okay? But that's the bottom. That's the bottom We were standing on the sand looking up 60 feet whatever blah blah blah But where the wall is is like a ridge and on the other side of this ridge it drops down ready for this 6000 feet. I did did you do it? Did you go to the bottom? eyeballs like implode Come on six thousand feet so the certified divers they were you know they went down 140 150 feet no problem still barely even Go down any deeper. No you can't go much deeper than that I think he'd go over 200, but he's but you have to I mean I could get into this but whatever But they allowed us to at least float over the ridge Yeah, and check it out, and you're looking down into this abyss that was like six freaking thousand feet straight down Thank you. No no thank you. No it was freaking cool. Not today Thanks, thank you, but anyway, so I didn't have a TV Didn't read news They did have like a TV near the bar so I could check out some stock quotes and stuff yeah Well you got a collage up on that and I gotta tell you what I did later Yeah, we'll get into your vacation next with them The funny thing is we'll talk about the NCAA yeah, and I both just did horrible I did a little better than you well That's what I want to get into neither one of us had a team make it into the final four no and I was really surprised All my picks were just out early basically and the last night of vacation. I'm going in to eat some food I had to get up off the table because I was panicking because Purdue Purdue Purdue almost made to the final fours I know game so I had to run back out to the bar just Freaking like there's no way in hell one of Anthony's teams is going to make it to the final floor I was pulling for Purdue Yes, thank God Wisconsin pulled it out. Yeah, I was freaking And I'm with Sandy and Sandy's like what's the big deal like you don't understand first of all And comes across on a radio show like he has no clue about sports And if one of his teams come makes it into the final four and none of mine make it and I have to pay When 200 bucks on top of the 600 I owe them. I'm not gonna be a happy camper No, I thought I was I thought I was gonna walk away with a little victory there Oh, yeah, Purdue care of Purdue so then they've lost and I can go to dinner and be like thank God Take him any money man. Oh Great so you're watching some TV at the bar Well between you know, you know usually I know you're there Turks and capers. No, I'm watching TV Not really. No, just the Purdue game a little bit and just stock quotes at the end of the day Which was in between like, you know scuba diving and and dinner I would check out what my my stocks did it do some drinking a little bit. Yeah, not really tie it on No, like last time we were there With the free beer Well, the reason I went back to Turks and Caicos, I guess we should explain it and I two years ago went down They were Sam Adams. We had a broadcast. We broadcast live from Turks and Caicos with like all these other radio stations all over that That's where we met. Well, we officially didn't meet the dick that is Tom like us But yeah, he was on that same little junket We were with about ten other stations right and he wouldn't come out and broadcast with everybody else He wouldn't come out of his room he had the engineers who I mean this island is so remote They didn't have a facility to broadcast from they had to fly in all kinds of satellite equipment and everything else to Enable us to broadcast back to the the states It like us gets the engineers to move Where he's supposed to broadcast from into his room into his room. So he didn't have to deal with anybody I guess it's beautiful. We're outdoors. We're broadcasting from reclining chairs drinking beer It's 90 the sun's out palm trees everywhere the ocean that looks like a turquoise color Free beer and we're just laying out. It's outside. We're not even in a studio. We're outside with mics in our hands Broadcasting live it was paradise warm tropical breeze and he yeah and the and the the ass is in his room Casting come on because I guess the wind will blow my mongoloid hair down. I guess he was too big for everyone or something Yeah, that was something so that was our first little tidbit of all but I getting back to what you were saying though Yes, Sam Adams brought us down there So check out this deal because where Club Med gets you is the drinking because everything else is taking care of the food and And most of the activities but after dinner you definitely want to have a few pops You wobbly pops and they charge you for the drink and they charge you and you could you could go through a pretty hefty Bar tab by the time the week's over. Yes, you can when it and I were down there with Sam Adams broadcasts and live They were they were trying out a new beer and stuff They gave us all badges like VIP badges ideas to hang around our neck And and all we had to do is flash that wherever we were and we got free Sam Adams for a week straight Ruled some of the people that we were with basically had like 30 or 40 beers a day. Yeah, not kidding We had to bring a few look had to we had fun with them We brought some listeners and a bunch of other people we worked with at the time Yeah, and they were just starting their their day with Sam Adams instead of like milk for their cornflakes. It's unbelievable the drinking So you didn't drink that much? No any Cubans you puff on any Cuban couple Cubans Anthony Yeah, yeah rumor has it you're allowed to bring some of that back into the States. Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's what I was here Really, but I wasn't sure if someone was hitting me I think there's still an embargo a few people were saying well They lifted the embargo a little bit and you're a lot of right They said you're allowed to bring a box of Cubans back into the States. Oh sure You are like I didn't trust people that much now. I like I don't think that's true. Thank you Yeah, so I didn't I didn't try to sneak in a Cubans back No, no, it's but it was a good time overall definitely good. It was great to be away You know, I wasn't really away because a lot of New Yorkers got a Turks and Caicos I heard like all the half the people there more than half and from New York. Yeah, and I was known as I think that's him Oh, yeah, the guy I think that's him. That's my guy. That's that's I think it's Opie from Opie and Anthony so But there you have it. I had to go to a place that didn't speak English you went to Miami I spent some time in my my gemmy. All right, I want to talk about that next. Oh, sure quick break And we'll talk about Anthony's vacay to Miami and Disney World and oh, yeah online trading Hey, I drove, you know We'll get into the whole thing next day there Anthony can I borrow your instinct CD? No Put it back with my my Shania Twain My jazzy Jeff and fresh Prince greatest hits and pure reggae man and pure reggae I'm gonna choke somebody I Can't have your instinct go see the oh no, that's mine. Let's rock Don't go crazy. Yo They'll be an Anthony show we're back from vacation I don't know if we're gonna accomplish anything today, but goddamn we're having fun I used to be back. I missed you at first. I realized how boring my life is when I'm not here It's great to be back With our brand new 800 number. I'll pick. Yeah 877 692 1027 little easier if it's 877 NYC 1027 1027 NYC like New York City. Thank you. I see the place was hard at work since we've been gone Yeah, they came up with a 1-800 number that makes makes no sense 800 number that doesn't have 800 Because then we got memos and stuff. Hey push the new 800 number 800 number put it's 877 That's not an 800 number. I guess officially it's an 800 number, but we all know it's the 800 number to be 800 What else do they do do they accomplish anything do we hire a morning show Our office moved. Yeah, I saw that Morning show. Oh my My dear sweet Jesus just when you thought I couldn't get any lower It's like watching somebody at the limbo, you know doing limbo limbo and and and like last time they went under the bar You're like there's no way they could get any lower than that And then they come back around. Oh my god. They're like a piece of paper slipping under the bar Yeah, I guess we got a little ratings trend or something while we're gone. Yeah And haul doesn't look good for the morning show. I don't know. I mean, I've never seen anything like this in my life There's not even a blip on the radar screen at this nothing nothing and what they know when they're leaving I guess or something I think they're leaving Friday, but no one Aren't they is that you ever heard of a radio show that they tell you when you're leaving never Anytime in radio, you probably know it just listening to radio one day You'll be listening to your favorite DJ and the next day he's just not there anymore. He's gone. He's gone That's how it happens. You just you just get let go. There's no notice There's no notice in radio. You just get fired because they don't want you doing the F Joe On your last week like for the people that listen to will pendaras. Yeah, you'll say he'll just be gone It'll be amazing. Well, it's gonna be like hey, where's will and and then the next day they'll be you know The slappy and wappy show on there but but there's no notice DJs. Don't go. Hey, I'm gonna be I'm gonna be here another week and then I'm gone Yeah, so I'm gonna lock the door and say F F over and over again That's what they try to defend against a couple of times. So this station is the only one I've seen that works like this This is amazing. Yeah And the morning show I guess is it has a week left a week left there They're gone Friday, I walked the green mile to the other Hopefully the the sponge will be dry Green mile reference I know No, I'm gonna be listening to them Friday It'll be the first time to listen to them in eight months Yeah Just to see if they do the F show if they had the balls to do the F Joe well show because management is allowing them To to do one last show Friday Yeah, and I guess I guess we have another show coming in. I Would hope there's something there. Well, you know, you never know Maybe just dead air or maybe just mucic well at this point the dead air wouldn't do much worse than than what? What those guys got just us talking about how bad it is You would think it would go up a little bit just for everyone to check out why? Something is getting such low ratings. You would think Brick would bring the ratings up. Yeah, I Think it's down to point three point three is the rumor like it like the ratings only go, you know top 30 Yeah, can you even name 30 stations if you had to know if your life depended on it? And could you sit there kill me? No and and and name 30 stations that you could hear from your car. No Mm-hmm. Well, we're not in the top 30 our morning show Like Howard's in the eights. Yeah round there. Give it take a few. Okay, so Seven's them. No All right, let's take of argument he's an 8-0. Okay point Oh, right Our morning show is down to a point three. Don't get mistaken. Don't get confused that it's a three No, it's a point three point three Like right like it's not even a whole number three more of those and then you add in a point one and you have a whole number My so I'm trying to figure out what was accomplished since we were on vacation we got the new one at the 800 number Yes, I think we have a new morning show coming in but I'm not really sure about that. Sure I'm reading a lot of speculation on the radio message supposedly. We're going to mornings Monday. Yeah, that's what I'm reading All right. Oh, I'll write Nural. Oh and this just in people are Informing us on what was going on since we've been on vacation. All right, they moved the lunch table Hall Wait a minute. That's a biggie. They moved the lunch table below the lobby Anthony below the lobby So that would be Outside the second set of doors. Yeah, okay. You now have to eat lunch around here in a hallway Isn't that a hallway It's more like a little vestibule area. Well, we have a lot of people working in an office atmosphere Yeah, just imagine your lobby now. Everyone has one at work for the most part a lobby Just imagine a lunch table in the middle of the lobby take your lunch table out of your lunchroom and put it in your lobby Now what went in the lunchroom? Cubicles we had to kick we had to kick people out so we can take the big office We took the big office, you know, you know what the scene is like here Did you ever watch Scarface the movie Scarface? Yeah, you ever see when Tony moves into that house? Yeah, that used to belong to the guy that he had killed. Yes. That's how we felt moving That was our old boss's office I gotta say two years ago when and I interviewed for this little radio show Yeah, the guy who's no longer here Yeah, who doesn't like to be mentioned because then he likes to try to sue and stuff We were interviewing with him and I had a pause at the time Oh looks around the office look around his office because he had the biggest office in this place and I go, you know Someday this is gonna be our office And almost two years later, it's our we're moved in we moved it said everything's hooked up working hunky-dory Thank you like the big huge Scott Muny office wasn't good enough for us No, no, I had to take over the boss's office we had that well They had to get us out of the other office that we were sharing with the morning show Well, that's it. That's how we started. That's how we started. Yeah two years ago. We had a chair in office Boy, that would be ugly passing by in the hallway. Hey, how you doing? Hey Martin show How's it going? Don't fret about that point three point fours right around the corner. I'm sure things will change soon He I guess we can't completely kick him in the face I mean they were on the train track that the old bosses kind of set up for him. No, I did I think they needed the Balls to just say F you and do it they wanted to do which I don't think they ever did but no No, no at some point. We realized the boss didn't have a clue and we weren't gonna listen to him anymore. That was the kid We went over that that it was the key though the day we realized our old boss had no clue Yeah, and then the show changed when we decided to say, you know what screw everyone. Thank God Alright, so yeah, they moved the lunch table. That's that's all right. That's big news. They moved the lunch table We got we got a new office the biggest one on the floor Good. I'm already making plans for expansion Anthony. Are you? Oh, yeah I was like a big game of bus critical. You've got to see how big our office is. It's ridiculous We have like the whole show in there now. We have been in there spaz Rick Yep, psycho mark and we still have just a ton of room lots of room And I was already telling management that we want a spiral staircase in the corner So it could go to the second floor of our office. We're expanding upwards in the next year Manning up. Yeah, okay What the hell right? Oh my god what? Did Earl cry did Earl now I'm hearing a rumor wait a minute Let's get someone on the mic that that knows the answer to this I'm hearing a rumor that Earl was almost in tears when he had to pack up his stuff and move it out of what is now Our office what was formerly his office for a long time. I guess he was why would he cry? I Don't I just think he was upset. Yeah, we had a dust off his work area I Never seen somebody damn. I never seen so many damn cobwebs around the workstation my life What happened oh So he was a little upset having to move his stuff out Yeah, I guess that's kind of traumatic you you never want to really move you get kind of acclimated to one area Like that Earl instead of being in the nice biggest office on the floor is in the little pile of cubicles that used to be the lunchroom We forgot to tell the people that the lunchroom now has all the cubicles Have all the plate of all the people that were displaced from our new office without offices They are known as the people without an office. They are the nomads of any W Hey and then I'll get one of the sales guys he didn't mean to say it He just said to her like he saw that Earl he's a girl Where are you now and he just got it look like you're all sad about the whole thing The man for me in our lunchroom. Oh And they also got out like a new glass table outside the studio here in front of the lesbian couch lesbian couch Yeah, glass table. Yeah, we could use that man. Yeah, I'm gonna break in the glass table first I want a chick to take a dump on it Sliped those lights on underneath their spas and then the other thing You notice all the dead plants around the place and today dead plants. There's a couple dead plants in the office Yeah, but you know that about new boss has a dead plant in his office What is that all about trying to freshen up the place with dead plants? We should just get the plastic ones plastic ones Dead plants around the office. No one's here to water them. Are there any girls that work here anymore? No, I don't think that's pretty much it It's a sausage bag no under the plants are dead guys don't I to take care of plants How many women are on this floor now just Leslie just Leslie right? Oh my god. Is that it? Yeah, that is it. All the ladies are upstairs. Wow cleared this place out Did anyone even say goodbye to Andrea no, we want to wish Andrea that's kind of nasty, huh everybody just like She just left well, she didn't want anyone to really know our really our music director Left. Yeah, Friday. We want to wish her the best. We were on vacation and we were like, you know Yeah, she was here from the start. We liked her. What the hell's wrong with Earl Earl's online. Hey, Earl Earl Earl Earl turn the radio down Earl Hello, Earl. Urko Earth to Earl Hey, are you kidding me? Hey Earl, come on Earl if you're gonna call our show say something you ass What's wrong with him what is wrong with him he's gonna go postal I'm telling you yeah I don't doubt it the person most likely to go postal around here was spaz, but I think Earl is now in the league. Yeah Why would he call and not say anything you ass and then it gets pissed when we say, you know That there was cobwebs around his workstation I sat down I sat down at his workstation that you know is like the Brian Regan been also like There's cobwebs attached from the chair to the computer. Oh my god All memos get scot-so coffee Yeah, we'll talk about spaz in a suit doesn't him some reason spaz is in a suit all right I Think of pick up my sauce. I'm gonna scream it Earl. You know what if you're gonna call the show talk No, I had a question for Ben and absolutely nothing to do with the show I didn't want to waste time. All right waste time by talking. Well, welcome back to any W by the way We haven't talked you we were on vacation. Good to have you back No, we've always been here I'm saying welcome back to you because you left and it looked like you weren't coming back as you got pissed off at us Remember remember? There's a minor problem. Yeah a minor problem. I was hearing you weren't coming back or something Are you enjoying your new cubicle? I love my new cubicle Are you a little pissed at us that we took over the office? Not at all That was the prized possession around here the office that we're at. Yeah You guys got the golden office there in her office big window. It's in the corner looking 57 No one could bother us. We almost have like a private entrance. It's like it's perfect for us You guys got the putt you get the power room we do have the power that's good both fridges fired up in the beer cold I do need a cake. Hey, you're all did you get everything out of your desk? Just about everything. Yeah, maybe we ought to make sure everything's out of there They'll have drank bottle of Jack Daniels from Scott. So hey Earl. I see you're in the cubicle Which one are you in the one nearest to the window closest to the window? Think about that Earl. No one's gonna have a clue what you're doing back there I love my new cubicle Because in the big office, you know, you were in plain sight Yeah, you had to make believe you were busy but now in that cubicle. Oh boy. You can hear him coming a mile away Let's just take a random little sampling of his workday Earl. What are you working on right now? Right now. I'm trying to go out the question I have for Ben was About chili pepper tickets. Yeah Well, you want you scalping them no, we want to buy them Chili pepper tickets that'd be nice He leaves me a female and I just need to know how many how many pair we need it and then you would what go to Work on buying the tickets. Yeah Alrighty you're gonna be hanging any pictures in your cubicle. No, I'm not. Yeah, that would take a while Well, he's Jason from Jersey on the instant feedback If it took Earl six hours to hang those pictures then then do you think he'll be finished moving his stuff out before the end? of the month Your information guys. I'm already moved in Earl. Did you hang your any W employee of the month? Up in your cubicle. No, that's it We were looking at that. There's a big plaque with all the employees of the month From what year is that Earl? It's like 1992. Yeah, 92. What play in the month one month? I think October. Ah, we missed the anniversary. We would have had a big celebration Where you a one-time winner I think I went twice And what what did you do above and beyond the call of duty those months that that put you over the top? Honestly, I had no idea. I didn't remember we're all on the same page Rumor has it that they had Pete arrange other cubicle to hide you My head is not true All right. Oh now we lot of call you are burrowco Hurlco you can call me whatever you want because you're gonna call me that anyway. Well, we started calling you Urko because of the because you were carrying around the nightstick nightstick and it looked like the dude from Planet of the Apes there Urko So we're asking your permission if we could maybe drop the black girl and start calling you Earl coe Earl coe Earl coe Actually, I kind of like black girl just oh, yeah Well, I don't go could it be a side nickname? Maybe Like I said, you can guys and tell me whatever you want because you're gonna call me that anyway Alright. All right, well, we're kind of glad that you didn't quit for good. Yeah No, you had a little mental breakdown. You needed a few days off, right? Yes, and now you're back Yes, I'm back in the cell. All right, we'll get back to that Anthony just for the record, we're still working on your no-doubt tickets Thank you Earl was that a little dig at Anthony I don't know I think it was God's honest truth that that's that's the God's honest I'm working on your no doubt benefit. Is it all working out for you? No doubt to you. So the hardest tickets we've ever had to get out of that All right, I told hope this morning tell you all right. Hold on. Let's get rid of Earl. Thank you. Thank you guys Alright, well if anything bothers you you call back the show, right? All right now a little cubicle from your little cubicle from Earl's cubicle live It's Earl. Thank you. Thank you. Good. Do you pop up like a weasel? Kind of like the spook that's set by the door. Oh, look at that. We didn't I got a bell you Yeah, we we didn't mean it like that But you know office workers could relate to the weasel you pop out out of your cubicles See what's going on and you pop back down All right, all right. Thank you. All right All right, Ben tell Anthony about his no doubt. I of course I need a couple of tickets to a no doubt at Roseland now Let me explain. Yeah, if you remember Anthony, yeah, I wanted corn ticket corn Yes for the show at the Coliseum. Mm-hmm, and I was talking highly about the band corn if you if you remember, right? Yes, how they're one of my favorite bands the great live and I really need to go see corn Yeah, then how long did it take to get those tickets? Oh, it's we we still haven't got 100% but it looks good for those. Looks good. No problem Okay. Now you're no doubt tickets Anthony. Yeah, how's that going? Remember when you admitted you needed a couple no doubt tickets? Yes, I went off on like a an hour and a half rant out ragging me how faggy you are and how fed I've been Isn't stuff. That's right. I need two no doubt tickets not one I understand not like old aunt is just going by himself I broke a few teenage girls open we fully understand why you need them But we went off on the ramp calling you, you know, you gave us the opportunity We called you a fag the band is open here. I'm not gonna try to hide the fact Well, I guess the record company didn't appreciate us talking down to their band. What's the problem? What's what happened? So you will not be getting free no doubt to go Say ticket broker. Oh Did they get upset at some of the stuff that was said here about no doubt? Well, that's what I'm hearing Yes through my sources Anthony, but we know people at Roseland Jesus Christ we are having problems on every front imaginable getting these tickets We made so many friends here in New York In two years, obi we have alienated every single person in New York So you're gonna pretty much have to see four finger Louie outside Roseland to get your no doubt ticket only the only source that is left to get these tickets is K rock That's all we do. Let's go crawling over there No, thank you. Well, I Get some no doubt Boy so there you have it. All right. Well, I'm eagerly looking forward to on that front tickets Thank you. All right, let's look we got to get into what you did on vacation. Oh, yeah Well, we'll do that next our phone numbers to one two seven five seven one. Oh two seven Opie I have water retention. Hope is on the rack. I'm feeling a little bloated today. Hope you are such a woman Oh, come on. Don't be we're calling anywhere. Call me a fag. Whatever you're in a bra. Yeah, that's pretty gay man Hope you are such a woman Usually up to go to the street I'm away from a bus. I like my Hope you are such a woman. I have water retention. I'm feeling a little bloated today I have water retention. I'm feeling a little bloated today. You're in a bra. Yeah, that's pretty gay man Yeah, I want to give out how broker the uh, the rusty tuba Whatever you say on this ends up on some wacky. Oh, you got me One of the seven w.m. EW let's wait and let this kick in. Yeah coal chamber entwined All right, we're back is the opiate empty show I don't know what we're accomplishing today, but sure feels good to be back Anthony Nothing. That is what we do on a daily basis after taking a week off I got one a week off. Yeah a week off. We're trying to you know Figure out what's new around here because a lot could change around here in a week We're trying to you know figure out what's new around here because a lot could change around here in a week, right? Yeah, you go on vacation to come back little subtle things change Well one thing I just noticed that's really scaring me a lot spaz Is in a suit today at the wearing a suit the spaz get a promotion All on vacation. Thank God for that Did someone bring spaz in so we can find out why he's wearing a suit today? Here comes spaz Anthony dressing like he's ready for his first communion Dude that's an ugly ass suit man. I like it. Did he graduate that suit? No my graduation shoes is sitting at home I bought a special suit for that is that how long have you had that? I've had this suit since I was in seventh grade Great. It looks at Good nice gray Suit with the little buttons what's on the buttons little brass buttons You had that since seventh grade yes, I can't say this I can't fit it into anything from seventh grade You were that tall and and and geeky in seventh grade. Yeah And it's not growing after seventh grade. Yeah, about seventh eighth grade. Yeah, man Alright spaz everyone is patiently waiting. Why are you wearing a suit and tie today? I lost a bet to chara What was the bet chara? Yes, who was promoted Anthony since we've been gone. She's now working upstairs really. Yep Char you made a bet with char. Yes, and what was the bet the bet was that? With the NCAA tournament, I bet that Iona would make it farther than Seton Hall You are retarded man Why would you take that bet because I had confidence in the gales In the gales the gales not much wind in those gales Now close really and 15 points. Yeah 15 points close. She let a girl beat you. Yes, that's great Sam we're super week actually char is from Seton Hall, right? Yes She is so that's it. That's a fun little bet to do now. What would have happened if you want? She would have taken me out to lunch at a hard rock That's it. Huh? One day only you have to wear the suit all week. I'm here for a week for a wife Do I you know where that's the same side of that? You know, no, no not the same one I got an I got it. I have to wear the same one on Friday But I get to wear just a shirt tie and khakis on Tuesday and Thursday a suit Monday Wednesday Friday. She's dressing you Yes, that's great We're gonna start a new feature this week. Yeah on the show It's called us fazz's week in review Spazz's week in review. Yeah, that's wonderful on Friday He's gonna like, you know have a nice little weekend review of everything that happened in the news that the hell is so Oh, I like that. You know like that little feature In a giant mosquito Queen and explain the people and we want him to have some commentary some yeah You know, we want him to edit editorial eyes some of the stories that are in the news, of course You want you want the spazz mind to dig into these stories? So it's a spaz. Are you excited about your new feature? Yes, I am and I figure it was time to get you more involved with the radio show. I appreciate that And what were you gonna say? I'm sorry. I was gonna say that I already started working on something this past weekend Oh, look at that a little were extracurricular work and what can you share with the audience? Yeah I did actually Some new segments that I did looking at a paper on Saturday I did some new segments an entertainment segment a sports segment and the political analytics segment analytics What is analytics? Well, I analyzed politics in general hmm, and um What you just did that at home? No, I did that here I just read the paper and one of the articles in a paper sparked my mind to go and Watch that. It's like a tumbleweed Spark that mind that could burn up and I just did commentary on politics Oh, would you like to share with us a little bit? I? Really couldn't say it as good as I as I did on the tape. So he taped away. Wait, wait, you taped this Yes. Well, where is it? He gave me the tape, dude. What are you crazy? We'll have to play tomorrow because it's on cassette and so I have it on shortcuts. You have it on short Look he's just begging. How long is it? It's 25 minutes 25 minutes I can tell you three hours. We can cut each breakup each break is only about five minutes long I got to hear a little bit. All right, come on just a taste Is it on this shortcuts or the other one the other one I could switch it All right, we can switch during the commercial break. Oh Yeah, it could give us an idea of what we can expect there with this new feature. We can review it spaz So like a little special What do they call that a preliminary show? Yeah Alright, I will do that. What's the first story we're gonna check out Well, I did news around the world in the first segment world I didn't in the second segment segment. I did entertainment entertainment good their segment I did sports and then the fourth I did my political commentary. All right, little cool commentary political commentary on what like the presidential race and I did on the Senate race and my views on politicians Alright Again, my own personal opinions is the white hood gonna interfere with the voice over the mic we able to politicize I can't wait to hear I am damn well looking forward to this don't go anywhere It's a spaz wearing a suit for a week because he lost a bet Okay, you and I both did horrible in the NCAA tournament I my Purdue almost almost got into the final four now one of our teams between us made it into the final four No, we both picked four separate teams. Not one of them made it to the final four I hear it was very difficult to pick these four. Well, yeah, there's two eight seeds in there Anthony Yeah, a couple shocker sure. Mm-hmm. Um, but we do have a winner for our contest. Oh, yeah, we're flying someone to the final four Do we have a winner? Can we announce that right now? We had over 4,000 entries for our contest and it was real easy It an easy contest all you had to do is pick who you thought was gonna be in the final four Okay, right want to thank Mountain Dew the fine people of the Mountain Dew for for giving us this trip to giveaway Yeah, and the winner Picked three out of the four teams that made it to the final four the winner didn't even get four out of four No, and she was the only one that got three out of four out of four thousand entries And so that is a rough contest. Come on. She picked Florida, North Carolina, Michigan State and St John's obviously St. John's being the one that didn't make it there yet. So we got to congratulate Darcy Duran of Greenwood Lake, New York Congrats, she's gonna go see the final four live this coming weekend courtesy of opiate Anthony And of course our our pals at Mountain Dew it great. All right, we should get her on the phone. See if she's excited I am excited. I am excited. Thank you very much All right, let's go to jammer jammer what's going on man What's I don't know what you even like it didn't even sound like that. What is it? Well, whatever that word is How do you spell that? Oh, yeah Analyze Anyway, how was your Your long haul down to Florida you run into any of you for any smoky to bears? No, I gotta tell you And let me tell you I was going so fast You gotta make a commitment on a long trip with the big trucks. Yes. I'd like we're gonna let you go What so he's one of those guys you can't tell a story while they're on the phone some people are cool They could sit you you'd knock off a couple of things with them. They come back on the phone with something That's the guy that's not listening to anything you're saying and it's just gonna Interrupt you about ten times right when you're trying to tell your story. So Anthony, let's get into your vacation. Okay, okay We discussed mine. I flew down to Turks and cake goes in Club Med action had a lot of fun blah blah blah Mm-hmm, you chose to drive to do the drive to Florida not just Florida cuz like driving to Jacksonville's like, okay Not too bad. You drove all the way to Miami Miami couple stops though Me and the girlie went down there. You went to uh went to Orlando first. Uh-huh, but the drive down Left Saturday late afternoon So the bulk of the driving is Saturday night into Sunday morning. Not a big traffic time You know what I mean a couple of drunks. It's about it But when you're gonna drive on a long trip, you have to make the commitment to speed What what I mean by that you're gonna drive 90 miles an hour Yeah cuz you start doing the math and realizing if you're gonna be on the road for ten straight hours and Ten miles an hour more ten miles ten hours. Oh, you're whacking a huge chunk of time off your schedule That's what an extra hundred miles you just got. I sure exactly. So I figure That 90 miles an hour is a good speed Now when you make such a commitment you can't be thinking about speed limit signs when they change 55 65 70 Does it matter? It's all 90. You don't look for cops. You don't use a radar detector You don't deal with no no open no Zen driving you make the commitment you're not you accept the consequences. That's it So you just drive that and your trip will be a lot quicker now If you're gonna go half-ass and say oh, I'll slow down. I'll do this. I'll do ain't gonna work for you You're not gonna knock off that huge chunk of time. Not one cop pulled you over. I'm amazed. Oh be I got one ticket I've done that right spring break a bunch of times you see a cop like every Ten miles after after I got out of the WNEW listening range. Yeah, I felt like oh I'm out of the compound I can't pull that card. I can't say hey you listen, oh, we're gonna have to We don't care about them boy. We got to get syndicated all the way down the East Coast So you could drive to Miami of the safe. Yeah exactly. I need a complete overlapping listening radius the whole way I did come very close one time. Yeah doing well, I'm not going fast at this point because there was construction and there was an Asian gentleman in front of me You know, they do drive very well the Asians and they love to go fast. Don't they open I Was cursing I'm behind this guy. I can't get around him. There's a guy behind me I'm behind the oriental get the Asian man and there's a carload of black gentleman behind me The second the road opens up I open up I'm flying now the black guys go around me. They're going faster than I am right over the hill Cop comes behind both of us. I'm like, oh, this is it. They got me and they must have looked So it was black guys and decided to pull them over instead You know, you know how they work down there Oh B. So they pulled over the carload of black gentlemen So thank you to them. They took the heat off of me And and I just got back up to 90 made it the whole way down very quickly way way way way before you got to Florida. Yeah, did you do the tourist thing and stop at south of the border? Oh South of the border was a was like a blur Went by so fast Let me tell you something I could not swipe my Amex card through the mobile gas pumps fast enough To get the gas in and get back on the way this was not a little pleasure trip This was bolting down there setting records Moving you were pit-stopping at all the gas station. That's it. Yeah, it was so fast. It was ridiculous spinning heads So I made it down there at 15 hours pretty quick booking Made it down to Disney Hung out there for like three days that whole experience I love that place Listen to that guy like all three days. Mm-hmm had a great time there and then went down to the Kennedy Space Center Mm-hmm where I? Looked at the Rockets that I was so intrigued with as a child. Can we back up to Disney World? You must like a plenty of stuff on Disney. Oh, I got it out a little bit All right, go ahead continue and then went down to a Miami Beach and hung out on the on the beach You do some jet skiing with Ricky Martin. Yes, Ricky Martin was holding on tight Little fearful that he would fall off as I jet-ski through the waves with Ricky Martin. Yes. Yes, Hopi. That's exactly what happened now I did the uh, did the Disney thing three days stayed there and We were talking about this earlier that they got to update that place a little bit The Magic Kingdom as it were not some of the other ones that build a new parks like the water park and MGM and stuff like that, but the Magic Kingdom Me maybe it was magic back in the 60s Well outdated. Oh my god. Yeah tomorrow land. Welcome to tomorrow land This is what the future will look like maybe the 60s version of the future Someday we will take a rocket ship to the moon Well did it already it's frightening I like the what's the ride the the leagues under the sea thing 20,000 leagues under the sea. They actually got rid of that. Oh, they did. Yes They go cuz last time I was at Disney World that I bought the myth I guess I thought I was going 20,000 leagues under the sea. It's 20,000 leagues under the sea. Look There's a big mechanical squid in front of us. Hey, wait, I can see the water. It's like two feet above my head I wait, I see a lady with a stroller Through the water I thought we were 20,000 leagues under the sea I know I got new eyes curtsy at time envision, but this is a little out ahead Now we dive down. We are 20,000 leagues under the sea Wait a minute. There's a kid throwing popcorn to the ducks like right over my head You're crapping me here, right? Come on, so they finally got rid of that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, and then went over to Epcot And Went on some of those wonderful attractions They have over there every country has their own restaurants and their own little attraction And that tells you about their their little country sure and then there's the other scientific exhibits like I went on one They're showing how to how to best use the land for planting. Oh B as you sit in a little moving car fun fun fun for everybody as Some dweeb tells you, you know is the toy guy We'll be taking you through the Disney facilities that use hydroponics and other types of alternatives to agriculture Sponsored by Nestle and here we're showing how bean sprouts are grown in a soil that is Completely deficient vitamins just with a drip You know these people working with Nestle scientists have developed it All the fun at that point. I perked up a little like I was drooling a little Nestle Nestle scientists, yeah, and I'm thick I'm thinking Nestle has You go through all the crap you have to go through to become a scientist in school You know, I'm chemistry class was all boring and everything the elements and you finally become a scientist you can work for Nestle But do you get laughed at at the other science conventions with all the other side of? Well, here comes the Nestle scientist. Hey chocolate pie You can work on a cure for cancer or AIDS, but no I gotta figure out how to get more almonds into that flat little chocolate Bar. That's my goal in life. I'm a Nestle scientist how many ingredients are in that chocolate anyway Oh, well, that's a bear's-cup secret and that's we only the scientists know I'm a Nestle scientist, you know can't be more than I don't know three Hershey kiss guy I figured out where the black hole is what you do Figure out how much foils got to be used to wrap up those little kisses Good job Get that string in there. It's like a big silver tampon The Nestle scientists come up with that one a chocolate bar You know, he's just like the dregs of the scientist community. It's funny work Scientists yeah, so when went there through all those little things had some fun and then went to a Kennedy Space Center Just fabulous. I don't think they acknowledge the Challenger blow up. Oh really? Yeah, they don't want to like there's a tour bus and you take the tours like And I've been saying the exact same thing for the last five years. Yeah with all the hokey jokes, so they're like One one person asked so when when did the Challenger explode? Oh and he got he got all like, you know nervous and stuff and like They like don't want to make me not acknowledge it anymore It's not even part of the tour a really don't have any kind of a commemorative thing a race from the history Yes, so went there and then like I said Miami where it was just nice and then back the trip back Oh Again commit to speed that's it all the way back no tickets I use the force like I know when when when there's gonna be a cop ahead and I don't slow down anyway No, is there a reason why you didn't fly? No, no reason. I just didn't want to make any plans. I know there's a reason What's their reason? I'm flying this weekend to Los Angeles. Yeah, that's true Because I've flown with you, you know, you don't I'm the opium first of all, you don't take the stick You don't take well the flying Anthony. Hold it. I've been there. Let me ask you this I get let me ask you something. Okay, uh Who flew better on the flight back to Turks and from Turks and Caicos last night? We were a mess You all dude. I'm getting get sick As bitching and complaining the first time we flew together five years ago out to LA. Yeah, I was bombed Because I hadn't flown in quite a while that was that's just a funny story But that's sticking out in your head like it's every time now. Well, it's not the case. Can I tell the story? Oh sure All right, and I'm trying to pick up an 80 year old broad that I wasn't that Nothing picking her up. She was let me walk into me. Let me shut her up. She was as drunk as I want Let me tell the story Anthony and I barely knew each other and somehow we finagle the way to get a radio show together Which just doesn't happen in this It sounds like and I have known each other for like 20 years. It's it's only been about Seven I think we're up to now. We're close to seven. It's kind of a joke Yeah So we we talked to radio station to hire us and make him believe we were like best of friends and stuff But the fact of the matter was we had no clue who each other was. Yeah, we kind of enjoyed each other's company I during a radio show but as far as like our personal lives We had no idea what the other guy was about. Okay, right. So we moved to Massachusetts together and we're staying at this house for a little while and You were just a mess Come on there was a point I was I was convinced you might be a serial killer Oh me Cuz me no, we didn't know anything about each other. Okay, right and we had a flight to LA This is after knowing each other barely a month. Okay, uh-huh. So we had the first flight out, right? It was like 9 a.m. Or so very early. Yeah, so we got up around 6 a.m If I'm not mistaken, we had a couple hours to get to the airport Yeah, I decided to do a little laundry and aunt decided to hit the bottle Well, I had a couple of beers calm down the pre-flight jitters. First of all six in the morning you had And the time you drink is directly proportional to what time you plan on going to sleep It has no it has no bearing what is six in the morning when you're gonna be flying all day Okay, time is gonna change anyway, but this was my first impression of you. You got to understand Uh-huh. I learned later and later in our little careers that you're not like this on a daily basis But basically you woke up at six o'clock and popped a Budweiser, right? Yeah, I was you know Common taking the little jitters off taking a little edge on hadn't flown in a good probably ten years And you popped a second one if I'm not mistaken. Oh, yeah, and a third and and I believe a fourth That's before we left the house, right? You can't just drink one. Well, I don't want to exaggerate the story So I probably had a line. Let's say four Queues before before we even left. Oh, yeah I don't know if I was drinking too intoxicated to keep count. Believe it or not I was thinking I was drinking with you at the gas. You did have a couple I had a couple and I know you were you were you were beating me two to one easily Okay, so then we uh, we had to take the ride to the airport and you snuck two more in your coat If I'm not mistaken just for the ride to the airport. Okay, are we are we still clear about what's going on? Yeah, we're pretty clear. I'm pounding them. Yeah, so by the time I'll take the edge off now at this point It's about 8 a.m. And then already has six beers in them. Yeah, I'm correct, right? Right We're now on the plane and you are just having hey, I could drink though pal Well, I understand all that six beers to me. That's not that's only the start of the story It gets much better. Okay, so we're on the plane and you're just dude. I gotta say dude What do you mean freaking out you were freaking? I was totally not freaking out you were discussing everything that was going on with the aircraft remember some knowledgeable as to aircraft Oh, you were like, okay. Okay. I got you hear that. That's the getting that's them. Go with them Oh look look the flaps are up. I'm not lowering those things down. They take off position Yeah, you were dude. So I mean you can I'm discussing the takeoff procedure You'll have your chance to abuse me coming back to person K. Kov, but you will admit because you haven't flown a while You were really freaked out. I said I was nervous. I wasn't freaked out freaking out You got me sounding like William Shatner in the toilet But you were talking to complete strangers basically saying okay, okay, we're getting ready that old no, I'm not Turning to complete strangers. Okay I Had to get coming up you were like absolutely. I wasn't absolutely not absolutely not I am totally disagreeing with this No It's not that crazy. I had a good buzz going a very talk with my pal. Opie About what the aircraft is doing Every detail. Yeah, because I'm sitting next to Chuck Yeager here It's just having a gay old time with this flight. You were freaking out I wasn't grabbing the hand things on the thing And I'm just describing the actions of the plane and that's when you proceeded to have the rum and Cokes I'd like six beer ring on the rum and coke. Okay, this is this is the best I mean there's a little filling and is it is it fair to say you had six double rum and Cokes between New York and and halfway to Yeah, I would say six sure on top of the six beers Yeah And by it is now hours of going of are going by and by the time the the waitress brought the six drink She did look at you funny wondering why you were still standing and are you okay? Yeah, cuz she was amazed that anyone could drink this much in the sky And not be affected because at this point you were not affected I would just I personally say for a drink because you were just completely living off adrenaline at this point or something because you were not getting drunk Right, I think yeah at that point maybe Adrenaline right? Okay, then I realized that you might have a little buzz because that's not in general You're not the most social person when it comes to strangers, right? Oh, is that fair to say? If we're out with our listeners, that's it. I think it all depends different stories So if you're pretty sociable and stuff, okay, right you got up out of your seat Somewhere over Denver and decided to in my opinion. Yeah, okay. Tell me if I'm wrong. All right Flirt with an 80 year old woman that didn't have teeth Absolutely wrong. Oh my god. I'll tell you exactly what happened I'll tell you exactly what happened cuz that was the most bizarre thing I'm like, why is he like because it wasn't just like a quick high on the way to the bathroom or something you decided If I'm wrong, tell me just sit right next to her for a very right long time, right? Oh Wait, dude, you can't say that What I did I What I did was I took I took a look around the aircraft I saw there was a window seat opened I wanted to look out the window. Okay, so I staggered over to that chair and I sat down it happened to be Next to an elderly lady But I didn't go there to talk to her I went there to look out the window because there was a window seat over ended up discussing all the sudden sir Well, she you know how old ladies are it fit fit fit fit fit you sit next to that's probably why the seat was open The last guy jumped he couldn't take it. You know how the old ladies get to yapping and night sign Let me tell you about what he does. He's got a you're like shut up. Shut up So I'm just sitting there looking out the window and she started talking to me So yeah, what am I gonna do a full full bitch? I'm being social I'll talk to her. That's all I wasn't trying to pick up an 80 year old woman And then it was funny cuz you were completely sober and stuff Even though you had a lot to drink and then like we'd landed in LA and also I guess the adrenaline like calm down in All I had to I was so hungover at that point I had to go to the hotel and crash out you like went out with Rick. I guess you were hanging out Yeah, we what we were we did a Sunset Boulevard stuff We're all home that you can make it that now at that point. I thought dead was the best thing Bad you were done bad All right, but that was the first time I'd flown in ten years and then after that We have flown so many times think of the little hop flights we did to Washington and then the flight from Boston to New York And then the to do I canna. Yeah, I mean come on. No, no fairness. Yeah, it's a first time It was just like yeah, but now it's ingrained in your head. Like I'm William Shatner. Oh my god You say that you say that man away. There's a man on the way. I Don't do well flying at all. Yeah I was when I was flying down to Turks and Caicos Yeah, it's a quick I don't know three and a half hours from JFK, right direct flight Don't have to change or nothing and I'm sitting there in like the fifth aisle and all sudden like the the cockpit door opens Yeah, and the pilot one of the pilots walks out and goes to the bathroom and I swear to God I had a complete panic attack I'm like like there's a leak on the instruments But at this point, I'm like this drastically increases our odds of crashing. Do you people realize this? Sometimes to the pilot while I'm there. Yeah, you're like wait taking away 50% of the people up there that do the work, right? I'm like what if the pilot gets, you know locked in the bathroom or something The other guy has a heart attack could happen Again get out of here. It can happen Gentlemen, I seem to be trapped in the bathroom The captain seems to have suffered a fatal heart attack and I can't really uh, I was playing for back here Somebody could maybe grab the stick and I'll try to Give me this rotten you just don't want to see one of your pilots getting out of the cockpit It's just something that really freaks me out. Did he at least look Official like a pilot. Uh, yeah, that's what gets me when they don't look official I don't like that at all or call me whatever you want. But when I see the female pilot, yeah I have a tough time with that I know it's not a cool thing to say but that just doesn't make me personally feel secure I want the pilot that had like the the war experience in the fighter planes Hawk Was painted under his canopy of his f-15. I'm Hawk now. I fly every night You know that guy could he could take anything. So what's a total hydraulic failure doesn't matter to me I had my tail shot off. I landed on the goddamn carrier That's what I want. Sure. I don't want hi. I'm Susie your pilot. Oh Where did she learn women aren't allowed to fly in combat I want a combat season pilot I Might sound sexist. I know it's a horrible thing. But you tell me personally, I Just feel more secure if it's so do you the only chick I want flying a plane is that hell? I'd that like transport pilot from aliens to remember her. Yeah, we're in the pipe five by five I'm detecting a leak and not check that chick. My got it. She was cool I wouldn't mind her in there anything other than that. No, I need the guy in there So then then the pilots in the bathroom and he's taking a really long time Like why the hell is this guy taking a long time? He began to come on And Then finally, you know, he left the bathroom went back in and then I felt safe and secure again I'm like, okay, our odds are much better now. There's two people up there. Yeah, you never know So then the flight back That's always the worst the trip back socks one vacations over just takes no I don't even care about that but why does it always feel like You're safer when you fly in the middle of the day and it's bright sunny skies Compared to flying in the middle of the night Well, maybe because you take the visual aspect out of the whole thing You have no you might as well just blindfold the pilot You have no freaking clue if you're you're how high off the ground you are and that alone just freaks me out They they know up front. They want all their instruments Not all their instruments They know but it's all this stupid crap in my head that bothers me and well you should get drunk and talk to 80 year Old brought it's your mind up the whole shindig. So so we fly we leave Turks and Caicos 1 a.m Yeah, and it's it's the middle of the night basically. Okay, and I'm like that is a piece of cake It's three three and a half hour flight. I'll just sleep and by the time we're close to JFK I'll wake up feeling great to start the day, right? So I take my little two-by-two pillow They might as well just call it like an ear pillow, you know, that's all it is And I I prop myself up against the the window there Anthony. I'm out cold for a good I'd say four minutes Cuz then like, you know when you're in between awake and asleep, yeah, you're mine play some weird tricks on you Uh-huh, and I'm like, huh? I'm really tired and and sleepy and it's like in the middle of the night and then I start thinking what if the pilots tired? Well, like when you're driving for a long time he does yeah, you're dozing Yeah, and you just convinced the drivers dozing too, cuz if you're sleepy everyone must be sleeping up So he's just gonna crap out. So it I am like I jump up wide awake It's like 115 at this point whatever and I'm like screw that I'm not sleeping awake turn on my stupid reading lamp and proceed to read 150 pages of a book. That was really boring. Oh While the whole plane because we had like two or three hours to kill before we we went on the plane Yeah, just comatose because it was in there drinking and partying before you hit the plane last night of vacation So they're just out cold. I'm the only one away Oh Dude wide awake to can't let you know, you know what it is. It's too much thinking Do drinking not thinking when you're flying because I know what you mean. You'll be sitting there all the sudden you'll be I'm good Think I'm gonna take a snooze. I'm a little tired. Oh my god. We're hurtling through the cosmos 35,000 feet off the ground and I'm doing about five bills. Yeah, holy shit, you know, you're The ground is way down there and I'm sleeping but you're not even sure if the ground is way down there What if we're only a hundred feet off the ground and the pilots not gonna tell us cuz he figures I hear from the front They figured you know at that point might as well let you die in peace Why tell you if they're a hundred feet off the ground and they're gonna crash? That's one thing good about Aircraft you'll know if you're in trouble because from the cockpit you'll hear sound like somebody dumped some water on a Casio keyboard It just will start making the wackiest sounds What the hell is that hey Bob what's going on hey Bob Do we allow Bob? Yeah Bob call back your phone sucks. If you call back, we'll get you right on. All right Oh, well, he had a good story about a pilot being locked out of the cockpit. Come on Oh my god, that's gotta be a little disturbed. He's trying inconspicuously to Jimmy it with his credit card. Don't look up here Well, that was the other thing that went through my mind though when the guy got out of the bathroom. I'm like Okay, thank god, you know, he had to push a code I'm like what if he gets the code and the other guy has to get up to let him back in Stop screwing around man. Yeah, a couple of guys hanging out I mean come on so we'll see we'll have a total blow by blow from next week when we get back Well, we'll see who handles it better. Yeah, we have to fly out to LA Saturday. Yeah, I'm gonna be drinking. Don't worry about it I'm not gonna get as tanked as I did that first flight. I got I got the secret weapon for this flight What value? Yeah, who gives you value now? No, no No, I'm a listener calling out to it. We're gonna get you don't even Start that real that's good. I'm gonna boot up some heroin on the ramp. I had a few left over from a certain procedure Let's just put it that oh And that's all that is about all right. Is that what you did you take any? I know no I had I only had a couple left I had to like figure out that they had a save them. I gotta save these I got one left I'm debating should I take it on the way to LA? My god a save these I got one left I'm debating should I take it on the way to LA or the way back? Look at the weather if it's a little bumpy Don't start the valley of rumor. Does it sound like I'm on Valium? Oh Of course not. All right, let's take a break. Okay. All right, we are so freaking late Yeah, good. I gotta take a leak a lot of people want to ask about it's a small world. Oh my god and your online trading live from Disney World and I had to get a trade in and And other things to discuss we still have to talk about the Academy Awards as well and the GIMP King game game get we'll get a highlight of the show. We'll get into the stuff in just a bit Yeah, let's do that and all this week We have tickets to the Mets a home opener homo Home Oh opener said Matt's I just now let me explain something. Okay, we came up with this concept Where we wanted to get a hundred of our faithful listeners together for opening day. That sounds pretty good Uh, and I was supposed to be there. But what's this supposed to? We're but we're flying back from LA. Ah, so in our place is gonna be psychomarque, but we had this great idea We'd bring a hundred of our listeners. I know sorry I'm drinking So we had this great concept is you and I were gonna go to opening day with a hundred of our listeners all sit together And just be complete buffoons I like it. All right, we still have a ton of tickets to give away about a hundred Wow close to a hundred psycho marks gonna go opening days what the week from today and It was kind of hard to get a hundred tickets in one area in one place, huh? Like you just can't get a hundred tickets behind home plate if you know what I'm saying, right? So we don't want any bitch it Okay, all right. Here's a chill here You'll see our plane Give it give a knock on the bottom of the fuselage when we pass over today Pretty much. Yeah. Yeah, we'll be at the game and also you'll look up and go. Hey looks like it. He's having another But we meant well, it's still gonna be a great time You're gonna be there with a hundred of our listeners psychomarque. Wow signs. It's gonna be a lot of fun Psychomarque wow signs it's gonna be a lot of fun pandemonium But we want to warn you, you know in advance because we don't want you guys, you know pitching and complaining about You know the seats you still gonna have a good time and they're not that that horrendous, but they're you know They're higher up. Sure. Okay, but we're still happy about this and of course It's gonna be fun. So we're gonna get away How about we do this because we were supposed to give them one away last hour We'll give away two four packs. So if you got some friends that could go with you We'll give out two sets of four Okay. All right, and we'll give that to the 10th and 11th callers right now at two one two seven five seven 1027 courtesy of small world comm it's easy to play and it's free. So check out their website as well They gave us the tickets and we want to thank them. All right, right. We'll be back. Stay there Hey, it's Joe Piscopo on 1027 as the chairman of the board might say opi and Anthony. You are two groovy cats I love you, baby. You knock me out wonderful marvelous beautiful cuckoo Wonderful marvelous. I can't even believe these ones. He's a disgusting little man This is sicker than faces of death All right, we should go to the phone We've been battling back from vacation Two one two seven five seven one two seven Let's not let's uh, make sure people realize what am I trying to say here? We're still doing the most offensive song contest hand they did we did not forget about the most offensive song contest while we're away Oh, no, I was going through a lot of the latest entries in the office before today's show And I must say None that we can play on the air now not that they're too offensive that's not the case they're just horrible quality to the point where you can't even Hear the song you can't hear the what they're trying to say. If you're gonna do a goofy song You gotta understand what the words are. Yeah, correct Yeah, I mean and and the entries we have now I mean you got it. You got to be on that level to just make it on the radio gotta be just I mean you got Unbelievable you got to be as as good as kilofedus. Yeah, you have to be as good as baby raper Oh, yeah, the KKK man. That's huge Camp concentration Which one am I missing? There's one more in there baby raper kilofedus camp concentration KKK man Is that it If Steve's listening from the unofficial website call us because I'm trying to remember all of them Please you can vote for your your favorite on the site online and I haven't heard camp concentration in ten days Are you on the air? Yeah, just to give the people an example of you know One of the songs that have made it all the way to the radio This is for the most offensive song contest that we're doing and if your song doesn't come close to this as far as catchy catchy entertaining offensive Sound quality it's nice and nice and clear you understand what this fine person is trying to say Right, then don't even bother sending in your most offensive song at this point Okay, absolutely, and I believe the contest is gonna be over in a couple weeks So you got to hurry up with your entries and get them into our radio show, right? Mm-hmm But let's let's play really fast here Anthony once again camp concentration. Yeah by fuel Oh activity Today we're working on the change it's hard, but they're teaching me how Has anybody seen my mother? Her shower should be finished by now Whole economics Today they're teaching me cooking and boy these are big Has anybody seen my father? I made this especially for him Welcome to camp concentration We've been standing because we're bad The viewer says we're never leaving But that's not the fun still to be had Today I think I won Science Tomorrow should be exciting science is my favorite class I Welcome to camp concentration We've been standing because we're bad The viewer says we're never leaving But there's not the fun still to be had Welcome to camp concentration We've been standing because we're bad We're never leaving All right, there you have it one of the one of the songs that's in the running for the most offensive song Contest okay terrific. Yeah, I miss that guy I was saying that on vacation. Okay, you should see what was stuck in my head Really what oh my god Well, one of the entries to the most offensive song contest would that be the KKK KKK song very catchy song Anthony Yeah, did it did it? I'm humming it like crazy sitting in a Denny's humming away Sure wasn't a pop-on Let's go to Steve Steve from the unofficial opiate Anthony website hello fellas, how are you Steve? Welcome back? I hope your vacations were restful. It was very nice. I think I sucked in too much oxygen During my diving cuz I feel high as a kite right now At the bends did you know not at all? Oh, that's good. So what song am I forgetting? What'd you say? Well, here's the ones I've got okay Baby rapers she smells strange. Yeah, people don't like she smells now. No that one got about what 12 votes I think 28 votes. I'm sorry the KKK man camp concentration And How much is that darkie oh, yeah, and the Barry Manilow song, okay Yeah, the one I guess we're forgetting is FBA, but officially that's not in the contest Yeah, that was a song that that started the most offensive song contest But Mike DeNicola wants to enter that enter that song because he wrote it But but the version we have is Stephen Lynch helping him out and Steven Lynch doesn't ride anything to do with that song I understand why he wouldn't want anything to do in that song. No, well if Mike would like to rerecord a version I'm sure we could get it up. Yeah, that's what we're hoping for that Mike DeNicola You know rerecord the song and then it can be in the running for the aftershore. So exactly I'll tell you the the KKK man is just destroying the competition here Wow, even baby raper I put baby raper baby raper just me Ran away with it the first time I had that the voting up in the second time I put baby raper up again and Up against she smells strange the KKK man a camp concentration and KKK came in ran with it Are you doing kind of like a battle of the bands on your website? Yeah, remember the old-time radio exactly what a vote for rush spirit a radio or Led Zeppelin Cashmere and then you play both songs and you take written calls all night long Exactly, and that song moves on to the next round. Yep. I'm radio used this Tonight it's gonna be spirit of the radio against Pink Floyd comfortably now. I heard some people doing that Hey, here it comes. It's Moby again and I'm listening to this going. Well, what are they doing? Yeah, this is the worst type of radio I've ever heard Well, KKK man has run with it officially. I mean 473 votes in six days Wow And the closest thing was baby raper again, and that was 237 votes Wow, you're just kind of having a preliminary voting because I think officially we want to have a live show where we have the listeners decide Which song is the most offensive? Absolutely, but some of the people don't even want to perform their songs live. I'm finding out I know so we have we have all sorts of problems with this time Maybe we could do it like the Oscars did it We'll have other people come up and perform the songs Bring them up to stage And You could sing the KKK song well, we'll figure something out maybe if the you know, the people that you know They'll perform live but they will put bags on their head or having performed behind a wall. So no one knows who they are Yeah, that's good. I'm behind bulletproof glass. Yeah All right, but people could vote on foundry music comm yeah It's gonna be back up and we're also gonna start the voting for the for the next girl of opium Anthony very good Wow, who's that girl up there? Oh There's some cuties. I've seen I logged on and saw the girl that's up. Well, she's got a little weight to her But she's very proud of that bod because she's showing it off Well, she must be getting some fan mail because she sent us some more pictures fan mail from some flounder I Interesting all right the girls of ONA, yeah, that's that's that that has a long way to go Oh My god Rick asked me to maintain contact with a few of them to So they might be able to enter your little ugly ass competition. That's a good idea Yeah, it's amazing how they didn't respond to favorably to that. Yeah. No, they think they're hot We are doing the ugly ass competition at the next road show What I think we're gonna nail down a place maybe by the end of the week cool We want to try to get some going by mid-april. So beauty. All right, Steve. All right, guys I encourage everyone to go to foundry music comm. Yeah, thank you. Thanks, bro Yeah, something we talked about just a little earlier about flying and stuff Yeah, Frank has a great take on this Frank from Manhattan on the instant feedback Talking about male pilots. We want we want the guy pilot up there I always talk about the seasoned veteran pilot instead of a little scrawny guy or the woman up front sounds sexist But it's just the way it is Francis I totally agree. I fly a lot for business when I see the grizzled veteran. I feel so much better You know this guy flew high f4s downtown to Hanoi and Haiphong With a wicked hangover from bang banging Vietnamese whores all night on dozens of missions Dodging missiles and triple-a fire so a little turbulence no sweat The guy's right. So when I see a 12 year old kid pilot with scrawny arms or even where's a chick I freak I can't stand here in that whiny female voice welcoming me to fly whatever I feel like I should put my head between my legs and kiss my ass. Goodbye. He's true That's that's absolutely true though. You want a guy that could take any aircraft fire after banging Vietnamese whores all night The whole image that condoms up to some guy Let me put this back take it out of here put it in my pants fly a mission fly a mission Darcy yeah, you're the NCAA winner, right? I guess now. All right. Did you just find out live on the radio? No, I didn't actually my brother-in-law called me. Oh cool. Well, congratulations You're flying down there to see the Final Four live this weekend. Cool. You won our NCAA tournament You you got three out of the four Final Four teams three out of four The only one you missed was you thought st. John's would make it Oh, well, you picked Florida North Carolina, Michigan State. Did you have any help with these picks Darcy? Actually, no, it was completely random Completely random. Yeah, that's the way to do it. See I almost got uh, I almost got in there with that completely random thing Darcy you realize you kicked Anthony and I's asses He'll be not one of our teams between us made it into the Final Four we had eight Separate takes between now open water teams remind us of what she picked Florida, okay, North Carolina. I'm really good yesterday, Michigan State Yeah, and st. John's now if I would have picked those before this whole thing would you have laughed at me? Yeah Okay, you see that's all I'm saying. Oh, yeah, Darcy beat everyone. We had 4,000 entries You were the only one that got three out of the four There are a ton of people that got you know, two out of the four, but right but you're the winner Three out of four and you're gonna be flying down there to see the Final Four live, Indianapolis, right? Okay. All right. Hold on a line. I think Ben wants to talk to you, but congratulations. Great. Thanks a lot Once again want to thank the fine people at Mountain Dew for giving us this trip to give away. All right. Yep All right. Thank you, Darcy. Thanks. All right, bye Alright Anthony, we got to take another break here. We got to get into the Oscars next We'll talk about King Gimp. King Gimp rocked. And we'll talk about whatever else you guys saw during the Oscars The hit of the Oscars last night was King Gimp also on the way I'm trying to find the KKK man song. Is that CD? Cuz it's on the other machine I want to go to commercials with that but Alright, we'll play it out of spots. I guess. Alright, and oh, yeah also because we were away for a week and we were out of touch We really didn't watch TV or read newspapers and stuff. Yeah, so we really don't know what happened the last week. Hmm I think Spaz is gonna help us out. He made a demo tape Saturday and he's discussing the news Oh great I could catch up that way and it just happens to be all the all the news events that we miss while being on vacation Any giant mosquitoes or anything? So they're invading I hear Queens is having a problem already with that. We'll have to find out but Spaz Working his ass off because Rick's on vacation quickly found the KKK man for us. I almost got my tie stuck in CD player So So we don't we don't want to tease this no instead of making you wait here it is The leader in the most offensive song to ever air on our show Contest on any money. Yeah, this is really offensive winner of this contest We will be sending the song to the Guinness Book World Records to get it in the Guinness Book World Records book and remember Opie and Anthony or any W to not condone Up apply anything blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah And you only have a few weeks to try to beat it looks like this song as the voting skill You come to the right man Oh The coke and flame can cause a spew the world was hate where a funny wife Who can kill Bill Cosby Come on to knuckle to Look back the letter Raskin's make Louie must smell like oh the cookers plan The cookers land can The cookers land can cause a spew the world with hate and wear a funny wife The KKK hates all these stupid apes from shopping down to doctors a house Especially NBA play Stuck them up like Jews in Take a million showers, but they must be you spit the cookers play The cookers plant The cookers plant can cause a spew the world with hate where a funny white The KKK hates all these stupid apes from shopping down to doctors a house Especially NBA play Stuck them up like Jews in He's invested me You can't That's within their race dislike bestiality the cookers land The cookers plant can The cookers plant can cause a spew the world with hate and wear a funny white The cookers plant can cause a spew the world with hate and wear a funny white The KKK The KKK I can't go one afternoon without spanking my junk. Okay terrific One oh two seven w-n-e-w It's the opium Anthony show Our phone line two one two seven five seven one oh two seven all the phones just exploding Anthony Oh my god, I hold on let's go to Lenny Lenny. What's going on man? Cursing all over the place Start over what's what's the deal? That was the funniest song I've heard in a very long time It's not meant to be funny. It's it's offensive. It's meant to be offensive We're not having the funniest song Contest not having the most offensive song contest and of course the win contest. It has to be offensive Yeah, I think that song fits the criteria now if your song can't compare to the two songs We just played. Oh my god, don't bother sending it in We're only going to play the ones that could come close to what we just heard right on the air Hands-on old hence no new sauce today. We went to went through about 25 tapes today couldn't cut it couldn't cut it None worth making it on the air like that Nothing that's in the running. Yeah, a lot of people think that's the most offensive song right there. I Look at you guys every day on the way home from school and I never get here that which one Baby, oh, maybe we'll play later on we got lots of new stuff to get to today, but we'll try to fit it in Now thank you Lenny. Bye. Bye. Let's go to Frank Frank. You're next on WNAW. What's up? Oh, and I was a My whole yeah, it's pretty horrible. It was from the baby song. Yeah, I was disgusting Well according to the unofficial website because you can vote for the most offensive songs So we all get an idea how all the songs are doing that one's clearly in the league Oh definitely definitely. All right. Yeah, it just gets uglier and uglier as the song goes on Oh, yeah, and Anthony's on vacation and all over Florida hummus head song I Was awful all right Frank, thank you. Yeah, you guys talk. All right, cool But sometimes it no matter how bad they are offensive. They are catchy and sticking your head Let's go to Malcolm Malcolm what's going on? Hey guys, I'm not listening to the show right now, but I was a new And on a live shot I just saw your big red while go by oh, yeah Yeah, man, he put it on their plane and they played it that you could see it Just as plain and then he ran it back by wait a ton of people calling in saying that big old Wow sign on channel Seven eyes seven out in Queens. Yeah, what was the news report? I was some kind of bias attack out in Queens and what the reporter live and all sudden to the guy's live And he came right from behind her and showed it right in front of her face or right behind her friend behind her You ought to try and find that guy and give him something. He did a great job Well, you know the deal if you do that and you identify yourself and it is indeed you we invite you to the down of the Station hang out give you some prizes. Yeah, okay for the great lots of great stuff I was kind of bummed that our faithful listeners. I heard that the Wow was awfully quiet while we're on vacation Oh, yeah, well everybody else probably went on vacation, too But now it looks look first day back and all of a sudden we got another Wow You know you being back, you know what? The guy with the gorilla suit has never Contacted us to come down here and claim his prizes that would have to be the funniest thing ever the best Wowing so far guy In a gorilla suit live on channel two What was he screaming? Okay, okay terrific Okay Terrific as he's jumping up and down in a gorilla suit with a Wow sign live on TV as they try to do a serious news report Yes, okay terrific. That's great. Come on. Let's go to Lainey Lainey. What's going on? Yeah, guys, I was just calling to tell you the same thing but the sign was I swear as big I'm saying It was like four feet tall really. It was big man I'm gonna just sit back and then see who claims responsibility for this latest Wowing very cool. Thank you Lainey Okay, now guys. All right, cool. Yeah. Bye. Well everyone's calling in about that. They want to talk about anything else Chris. What's up? Hey, what's up? You saw the Wow to on channel seven? Yeah, I did. Was it huge? It was huge and it was like this lady was in back of a basketball court Yeah, and like this guy's just walking across the basketball court with the Wow sign It was great Yeah, all right. Thank you. Thank you Thank you, Chris. All right. Bye. All right. Let's go to Stan Stan. You're next on any w Hey, Stan. Hello. What's up, buddy? Oh, this is Dan. Oh Dan. Sorry about that. Okay, don't I get good? I was just calling about the last time on channel seven also it had Michelle Charles worth We're doing a live report up in Auburndale, but some bias attack. Yeah, there's a whole bunch of kids playing basketball Yeah, and all sudden right behind her this guy's got a big cardboard sign just found big black lettering They just stopped they're looking at this guy complete. Oh, it's hysterical. It was really good. Oh, that's great Well, all right guys syndication now. Well, thank you. All right. Bye. All right enough on that Another Wowing has a hair that's very very cool Cuz I asked the first question I asked when I got back today So how many people got a live TV with WowScience and Ben's like, uh, no one well There's no real initiative because then they do it and no one talks about it on the air. So that's true Now they they can all right it Bring on the gimp Bring on the gimp They can't let me tell you something I am so glad I I wasted four and a half hours of my life last night watching the Oscars for the simple fact if I did not waste the Four and a half hours. I would have never saw the gimp. You would have missed the gimp The gimp probably the greatest moment in Academy Award history forget about the streaker The street streaker even greater than the streaker is better than that better than Marlon Brando Not accepting the award and having the Indian woman come up and accept the form better than you like me You really like me the Sally Field ass wipe move Better than Benini last year saying you want to have sex with the whole audience on Mars or whatever was NeNe wanting me to Change my last name. So I sound like either Jewish or Irish anything but Italian because this monkey comes out there Laugh with me I'm a stupid again the moon that I can't stand that guy see how old that got Oh my god here. I mean, what was he doing there this year? Well, I did not know I brought my tickets Well because he won best actor he gets to present Oh that was it so he presents yes, but it's funny cuz I mean in general last year Benini did his whole song and dance and and for the most part people thought I was gonna lovable stupid WAP right fast forward a year and you want to strangle him Oh enough of him But the but the gimp was a greater moment than than Benini's greater than that Greatest moment in Academy Award history. What was it the 72nd annual? 72 years of the Academy Award and it took till the year 2000 to come up with these single greatest moment in Academy Award history Now I Hope everyone knows what we're talking about at this point They were given out to the award for what best documentary or short-form documentary long-form short document What I was one of the day was documentary short subject short subject. Okay, thank you And the winner the film King Gimp It was about this guy Who I don't know what's wrong with him. He looks like I'm gonna I'm gonna assume it's cerebral palsy CP could they write I think it was CP and at one point of the clip in the film They showed him with this little apparatus on his head The little thing on his head with a stick sticking out right of the front of it So we could communicate with people he would like knock blocks around with this stick on his head And this won an Academy Award where do you get to see this movie first of all, I want to see King Gimp I want to see King I need the full feature King Gimp So that you know, they go through all the nominees. They had those two little sex monkeys from American American Beauty. Yeah. Yeah up there with the guy from American Beauty and They announce and the winner The Oscar goes to King Gimp at which point the crowd just goes wild And the director And a producer I guess I don't know who obviously don't rate they were in the back row of the theater Yeah way in the back start trying to make that they stand up because they're so surprised that King Gimp wins. Yeah now the subject of the film the said Gimp is Sitting in his wheelchair now call me stupid, but I thought the actor that portrayed King Gimp in the movie was acting No, see, I guess I can mention the documentary. It means that he wasn't acting and that's how I really is in real life Absolutely. Okay, so he's sitting in his wheelchair and he's kind of you know Spasming a bit and they announced that uh King Gimp indeed is the winner Yeah, the two people responsible for the film stand up. Mm-hmm at which point King Gimp in the chair Just freaks the F out He's flailing around like a like a fish out of water. He's so excited that his film won That his arms are flapping He's smacking the people that are trying to help them like the guy that made the film is a guy and a woman that is both They're supposed to be making their way up to the stage to accept this award They're spending time they can't walk away because King Gimp is he looks like you're proud flounder Just brought up on the deck of your boat He's flapping his arms are smacking the guy in the head and the guy's got one hand on King Gimp's chest Trying to hold him in the wheelchair. Yeah Doesn't work. No King Gimp Spasms his way. He slips and slithers out of the chair open. He's on the floor He's flapping on the wheelchair rolls away at this point. It rolls backwards at this point I have to confess the spaghetti that was in my mouth hit the TV Dude, I'm doing my best King Gimp impression because I'm on the floor laughing so hard I'm convulsing now down the people that are running the Academy Awards are in a major quandary at this point What do you do? What do you do? You know, you had the special interest groups watching the Academy Awards You gotta show the people that are working their way up to accept the award But in it, but they gotta take care of King Gimp who just fell out of his chair So so they kept the camera on King Gimp and the two people for a while long enough to see him Flapping on the floor three aborted attempts to get him in the chair Three times they lifted him up and he's just Like freaking, you know, they want to cut away But if they cut away, you know the hell that right that that that they would have to go through So they go to an audience shot quick audience shot Then they go to a quick shot of the three kids from American Beauty again Yeah, then back to King Gimp who somehow I guess when the camera was off They just gaffed him with a hook or something because they miraculously got him back in his chair at that point They must have like oh, all right. They move the camera The smack King get back in his chair now the single greatest moment Let me tell you something and the fine people that that made King Gimp Yeah, mr. A great opportunity, right? They should have wheeled King get him up to the up to the the podium there Dude, I was hoping because first of all, he would have got a standing ovation second of all Second of all the one billion people that were watching the Telecast last night would want to go see the movie at that point Yes, I at that point Wanted to see the movie King Gimp They didn't even acknowledge his existence when they were doing their exception acceptance speech. No, they just say, you know Thank you to him or something real quick They didn't put the camera back on him or anything and what's more disappointing is Billy Crystal Why didn't he comment about the the Gimp? Oh, no when other goofy things happen during the awards He's got a quick witty little line. What happened to the quick witty line about King Gimp? Flailing around that you know in the back of the auditorium He was flopping around on that look he was so excited Just flopping around on the floor of the Academy Awards King Gimp the greatest moment in Academy Award history, let's go Eric. What's up? Oh my god I never went so hard in my life. I was dying I was hoping the guy was gonna get up It was so funny he was on the floor and they couldn't even pick him up cuz he was he was Flailing so crazy. They couldn't get a hold on it. No, it's not. No, it's not for those people that filmmakers They've been waiting their whole life for an Oscar They finally get their names called and they can't go to the stage I'm telling you and that lady's hair. What was that with that? Oh my god. Yeah. Oh my god She looked like she was flopping around with them before the show. Yeah. Oh what a man Well, I thought it was so bad. They were gonna try to wheel him up I was hoping too so they wheel him up on stage and maybe he's do the flop on stage Let me tell you something If you know what the only thing I thought the whole on the whole Academy was I turned that on I had to turn it Off because I just had to leave it. I had to know good because you knew at that point It was never gonna get better than King Gimp But I'm telling you something if you're on HBO if you don't laugh at that, then you just don't have a sense of humor God Bring up the gimp the gimp's flopping around on the floor. I think about it. You know, what's her outfit man? All right turn me on. Thank you. All right Let's go to Peter Peter you're next on any w Get mad The fire for the joke I thought you try to like do like a bit anything what? Last year you look like the fish at the end of the fake no more video It was so awful and you can see the guy that mate was responsible for the film Had to hold the game. He was trying to hold it with one hand on his chest trying to hold him in the wheelchair So and but he's looking up at the stage like the music's playing I gotta get up on stage at which point the gimp He's just freaking out so much. He slid from between his hand in the wheelchair Peter we brought the tape in we we have officially seen it 12 times We kept rewinding it and playing it over We were laughing our asses off in the office We watched it 12 times has to be on the unofficial opiate Anthony website Yeah, get the gimp on there get the gimp on the unofficial website. Welcome back gentlemen. Thank you All right, hey, here's a guy that saw the the king gimp movie Chris, what's up? Hey guys, what's up? Yeah. Oh man I I couldn't even contain myself that time when I saw that thing. I was in the house with like five guys, dude I was laughing so hard. I started farting Like lose it I told the movie at Cinema Arts in Hunnington Oh, yeah, how they put they is it is still playing there? No, I was it was there like a month and a half ago was like a collection of short films. Yeah, I was always a place To go in Huntington where you can see like naked chicks in some French movie You know artsy movies like the artsy fartsy movie theater anyway in the movie man They actually had the guy going down the street in his chair man freaking out and then like stopping and like it was I felt Like I was watching National Geographic Explorer where they don't help the little pup that's about to be killed by the cheetah So like I wanted the guy to go and help him like get into the house or something But they just wouldn't do it, you know the gimp. Yeah, I wanted to flop up onto the stage like a fish on the dock Yeah I was so hoping they would wheel him up on stage but what that strap that think that strap to his head He creates artwork with that man. It's like a brush and a pencil Oh, is that what that was? Oh, man, you should see this stuff He makes you think that the flopping on the floor was crazy. You should see what he paints. Is it like insane? It's totally nuts, man. It's like, you know, the guy's just throw paint on the canvas Yeah, I don't know what kind of fluid like and like whatever else was on there man. I don't know Yeah, some crazy stuff going on in that all that was the whole point of the movie was to show how this guy makes Great art. Yeah, he discovered art Anthony. Yes Amazing. All right. Anyway, welcome back guys. Thank you Chris All right But I should just paint to put his body dipping in paint and telling me won the Oscar Put a canvas on the floor that'd be some artwork man Dennis what's up? Hey, what's up guys? You see when he was all calm down and they had him all stepped in with all the arms and it's still going up And it's like oh was like big He was like strapped into his chair It was like he was like rabbit or something like that. He was like full at the mountain stuff. That was so insane I was actually the only part I saw me. I was watching I was flipping through I was watching sopranos and I came all the way back to you know, Channel 7 or whatever was well All this time I saw this guy flopping his hands all over the place. What the hell's the matter with this guy? Yeah, you had perfect. I like often was like smacking me. That's not nice Come on ladies. You didn't laugh at that. You have to laugh. What else you gonna do? Oh, I couldn't I couldn't hold me. You know, I was just cracking up. He smacked me like, you know, you know like that I was like, I want to get me. All right, Dennis. I got to cut you off your phone starting to break up But thank you. I'm masturbation now. All right, man. He thought he was watching the Emmys open Yeah, they should have the gimp perform blame Canada Got a thank Donna from Jersey. There's some feedback for that Sally. What's up? Hey guys. Oh my god I just had to say you're gonna think of me retarded because I didn't even know who this guy was I had no idea what he was about and so when I find him on the floor, I thought he was just excited Yeah, I was just like okay I was like haha and then I found out and I realized that he was just a little slow Yeah, and I'm like what's wrong with these people? They're not helping him Help him I didn't know I didn't want it to end I didn't want to know what you're watching it like I'm watching it and as it's happening, I'm saying myself Oh my god, I can't believe I'm watching this is the Oscars, but I'm like, I hope it keeps going I hope like he rolls all the way under someone's chair and they can't get to him and The show they're trying to coax the gimp out from underneath the Paltrow or something I didn't want it to end. It was a great moment. All right, thank you Thank you. Bye bye. That's funny man. Let's go to Beth real fast Beth. What's up? Not much to do with you guys talking about the gimp. Yeah, I was watching it last night with my husband Yeah My god We thought the game the man was like having a heart attack or an epileptic seizure or something Like we're not really paying much attention to the clips Yeah, when they were showing it when they say they won we're like, oh how nice you know the documentary won and then they flashed To this guy. I'm like, oh my god, is he dying or something like that? He's like all over the very excited Oh, it was again. Yeah, and then we're like, well, maybe he's just happy like oh this there's something very wrong here This is not the way it's supposed to go It was weird. It's not exactly what you expect to see on the Academy Awards. That's now that's why when it happened It was like wow, is this the Academy Awards? Yeah, right? All right That thank you Thanks. Bye. Bye. All right, and we got to take a quick break a lot of other people standing by to talk about the Oscars also Yeah, well, we'll get into this Perry from Queens writes on the instant feedback I would like to know if I am the only one who noticed that Angelina Jolie and her brother seemed like they're banging Yeah, a lot of people are saying that we'll get into that next. Okay, stay there WNEW what? Anthony Rockaway betting yes, I love it. I use it Jane Moore used it Rockaway betting over 130 stores throughout Maybe you are a New York and New Jersey. Okay. Hey, you forgot also Nikki from we deliver keger Oh, that's right She got her bed from Rockaway betting because she heard us talking about Rockaway betting here on our fine radio show They deliver mattresses They got a hundred to a hundred thirty stores throughout New York and New Jersey featuring brand-name mattresses like Sealy, Cerda, Stearns and Foster and Prices up to 65% below department store regular prices Anthony Yeah, look at the people expect if they call Rockaway betting Well, they're the only major area mattress store that offers you a free steel bed frame free delivery free complete removal of your old betting Who got Nicky's old betting? I wonder who? Hmm we got Jane Moore's old betting So ring that thing out maps of countries all over that damn thing, huh? It's a virtual atlas. It's an atlas complete removal of your old mattress is important, isn't it? Yeah, I do your old lumpy stained mattress out for everyone to see oh, they move that away box spring right in their truck You never see it again. Bye. Bye Rockaway betting guarantees you a better night's sleep with your new mattress purchase That's why you bought a mattress a better night's sleep You can shop at one of Rockaway beddings area stores or call 1-800-TRY-A-BED Rockaway betting the best and friendliest place to get your brand-name mattress with the best prices and free service Rockaway betting remember the number 1-800-TRY-A-BED the official provider of mattresses for Anthony J. Moore and Nicky Nicky from we deliver keggers 1-800-TRY-A-BED Rockaway betting Fran is 84 years old Rick. You cannot have oral sex with Fran. I'm sorry. No anal is okay 3 B. O. B. and Anthony show 1027 WNEW okay Anthony. Yes, we're back. We're talking about the Oscars a little bit. Yeah a Couple interesting things happened last night a couple more calls on the gimp and then we'll move on to the other things Who do we have on the show? Hello. Yeah, it's you man. What's your name? Oh, sorry. I'll Houston Houston. Yeah, it's a nickname. All right, what's up? Oh nothing I just want to say I'm one of the king fit King gimp guys got up there to accept their award Yeah, like in the background tell me here You know the big time, you know You're on out there like you know in the middle of their ceremony. Yeah, he was screaming in the background I know I could I was lifting my head off, you know Without a doubt. All right syndication whenever guys. Yeah. Thank you Billy chicken and Billy. What's up? Oh my god I'll go from air sick. How are you bro? Hey, man? How you guys doing? Welcome back buddy. Thank you listen I saw that thing with King Gimp right? Yeah, I'm watching it and I'm dying and I'm looking like I have to be the only one Seeing this I pick up the phone I start calling people It's like, you know aliens are taking over my TV The funniest thing was they're like helping the guy they got then they go get me Schmidt I'm going for the Oscar Yeah, yeah after a while because the music's playing I know they have a limited time or else they're gonna just say and the next award Cut them off. This is their moment to shine so they just dumped the game That was it's exactly what they did because they cut away to the audience and then to the presenters for it like three seconds And then all of a sudden what the gimp is up in his chair I think the guy pulled him up by the hair So this is my moment you get me back to get in the chair and shut up Security guys came over then they showed the the trash collector guy. Yeah, and they go look at that We got better seats than the gimp That whole mess is funny that guy looked like he just won the lottery Oh my god, it looks like they get the famous lottery winner from New York They ended up putting the top hat on his shirt is sharp Curtis sharp, right? I won five million dollars The worst part is I'm sitting there gone I wasted all this money on acting lessons and all I have to do is flop around the floor like a retard when an Oscar Yeah an Academy award-winning gift I will never forget the gift. That was it. I mean I could have died right then and then I'm sitting there going I got a talk you know this is and this is to proves that the Oscars are a bunch of crap and stuff because I'll tell you something that had To be the one moment that everyone's talking about today as far as the Oscars go It was probably the most standout memorable moment in Oscar history next year when they do a little retrospective On this year's Oscars. Do you think the gimp is going to show up flying on the ground? Hell, no, no with news clips when they showed up, you know who won the Oscars did did Channel 4 news channel 2 news Channel 7 show the gimp flopping on the floor Billy Crystal he didn't have one thing to say Oh, no, I like to say about Isaac Hayes, but nothing about the gimp. Yeah shut that shut Billy Crystal right up Should have said something it just it just it totally amazed me It's like if you did not see that or did not tape it you would never see it again No, never well, they're not gonna show that we're gonna try to get on the unofficial website We gotta get that everywhere it's priceless. I'm trying to find a song that runs with gimp What the hell Roger's get for God's sake don't do my list here like billy billy Let me tell you and Paul better get back to work is Kilofetus is lagging in the competition now. Oh, yeah, we're biding our time We thought about the we have devised the master plan We are picking our spot We've seen what the competition is going for and waiting for our opening. All right, I was like the gib I was getting nervous. I'm like it's like I know these guys have one more song in them somewhere Oh, oh, the question is not just one. It's which one? Okay Yeah, we're seeing which topics get beat to death and then we're gonna move in. All right, good, Billy guys Listen, we're glad to have you back. Hey, thank you. Bye guys. Bye. All right. Well, we've talked about the dip Yeah, we have to get to uh perry from queens's uh instant feedback once again He writes I would like to know if I am the only one who noticed that Angelina Jolie and her brother seem like they're banging And the post uh has an interesting little clip on this It says just asking Which actress who is a very prominent figure at last night's oscars prefers to roll her own? The sultry star is said to be carrying on an incestuous affair with her own brother Mmm who can be forgiven for being unable to resist the temptation Now Anthony has a theory on this well, let's go to the phones first. All right All right, see if anybody else comes with my uh, there is a guy that my theory there is a guy that has your theory on this whole thing, but basically Angelina Jolie's been shown up at all these award shows with her brother and and I thought they were lovers before I found out that That you know, that's her brother. Yeah, and I'm convinced there's something going on there Yeah, there's something going on. All right, Anthony's not um, let's start with uh, Pete Hey Pete, what's going on? Oh and hey, how are you? What's up fellas? Welcome back. Thank you. Oh man I'm telling you there's definitely something going on there You think same thing happened at the golden globes man. She was all over him in the crowd Yeah, I thought she was all over him because she was like, uh, you know on drugs or something That's what I thought too when I saw the golden globes I thought you know, this was her boyfriend or whatever Yeah, and then when they showed her again, all right I think man she's all over this guy. It's unbelievable Yeah, and the same thing the golden globe she got up there and just and she was confessing her love to her brother last night In a way, I mean, I mean I have a sister and I love her but that's what I'm saying I would never like Express it in the way she was last night. I know man. I'm all for you know families being close, but that's a little too close You know what i'm saying? So you're convinced that uh, That they're banging no doubt except you know, the one thing that makes me think that maybe they're not The guy looks like the fag. Well, that's that's absolutely Now we can get into anthony's theory. Uh, Pete, I I would love to Uh, that's right anthony your theory on the whole angelina joley thing uh I'm thinking uh, you know that brother is uh, probably, you know, got a bit of the gay in him I i'm thinking, you know, uh from the looks of him. He's uh, yeah, yeah gay Hey All right, so how he's at least going both ways he's a gay guy and uh, maybe has uh had some emotional crises And uh the sister very loving coming to the defense of her guy gay brother. That's what i'm saying I'm thinking brother gay. That's it There's rumors about her too. Why that she's you know, well, that's okay Uh a vegetarian, let's oh, yeah Well, maybe she puts the old strap on on and works the bro out lori. What's up? I don't know. I smell I smell a most offensive song Uh, yeah, what's up lori last night which came up to get her award She thanked her brother. My mother was like, yeah, she was kissing that guy before the show Yeah, and they were like all over his old hands and hug and there's something not right there Yeah, but you look at him I think you can tell you know, that guy's a little uh, gay All right, lori. Thank you I think he has a bit of the game. Let's go to jason jason. You you agree with anthony's theory, right? Yeah, I do i'm upset you guys cut me off. Yeah, I came on and he said he was probably gay I told the guy on the phone that um, I think he's definitely gay because Come on and she leans over to kiss him and there he is with his short bleach blonde hair Yeah, four earrings his six rings You know if I wanted to stereotype a gay guy I would say that would be the look you would go for That's true, but then she gets up and she tells him how he's the strongest and most brave guy she knows Yeah, now what does that mean? There's something that means he just came out of the closet right you were bashing on him Look at you jason Got a theory i'm still you gotta be strong and brave to be gay. Is that it last night? And I told them all that they're like no no, they're having sex and I said no way No, the guy is there she he's her pet her parents I bet I bet you uh, the voids over there They had a little problem with it. Yeah, so she's the overprotective sister. Let me look at her father's john void You know, he's got to keep the uh public image Yeah, the whole thing. All right. Good job. I also noticed that uh, russell crowe during everything never once crack a smile No, that guy's scary. Uh when Billy Crystal makes the crack about the cigarette He puts his fingers out. Yeah from the insider after blam canada. He uh, sort of looked like he was going to crack a smile, but Not quite gotta give robin williams a little credit there Not the not the biggest robin williams fan, but I thought he did a pretty good job with that Blame canada song blame canada Yeah, that's your one man, I should have won It was so obvious I wasn't gonna wear everyone knew what the little joke thank you jason. All right, bye bye Good song and all but now phil collins taking the uh oscar. All right, wait tarzan. All right Anyone else look at phil collins little uh, little uh thing he has up top and and come to the uh realization that it's It's time to give up on that thing. It's time to shave your head completely I mean what's he doing? Yeah back in the 80s and stuff He had like the bald head thing going but he had that strip of hair He had enough where it kind of made a little sense up there But now he's just holding on to dear life to that little uh, I don't even know what's a little strip We we got to play uh, what's on phil collins head with the phone have him call in while i'm scraping across his head It would sound like a one finger mohawk It's like quisp Have a quiz for a little cereal martian That's what he looks like. He's what's he doing there? He's got that little racing stripe It's it's just time to give up on that uh, that thing up there. Mr Collins, isn't that a shame too and you don't have uh, any hair on your head and you got to put those Monitors in your ears and it looks like you're you're wearing Hearing aids Like it's cool when you have in the you got hair over your ears So you don't really notice but him and chanade when chanade was wearing it It just looks like you know, hello. I can't hear you but i was thinking long tim. What's up Hey guys. Hey, I think is it just me or does it seem like during the pre-show? He had his uh, he was standing behind her and his arms around her and his side because he's a loving gay brother No, because he's a freaking he's banging her it's instant. I don't think so. Well, that's so that's what the post is Uh, you know thinking it's all about. Hey, everyone wants to believe that but you know, you gotta take what is worthy Maybe you're both right. Hey, all right, maybe you're both right. Maybe maybe he is gay Over and out diamond dust and wrangler Didn't miss that when we were on vacation mike, what's up ten four. Hey mikey Hey Mike's uh, follow sucks. Hey speaking of gay I want to bring in the clip but I I forgot it at home. What? Um, did anyone else uh see barbara walters interviewing ricky martin last night? And barbara walters just flat out asked uh, ricky martin if he was gay Are you gay now before we go any further and I have no freaking idea what his sexual orientation is. Okay No Because we do get in trouble every time we bring this up But wouldn't you answer the question Yeah, it's easy, okay. I'll let's make believe on barbara walters. All right. Hello opy Yeah, uh, you know, uh, I would like to ask you are you uh gay and now you have the whole world watching right? You answer the question and what do you say if you're not gay? I'm absolutely not gay barbara Okay, next question, right? But he had this uh, long-winded answer that went nowhere I believe a sexual orientation isn't really an issue where uh music is concerned and with it, you know I've been asked that a lot and I don't think it's really anyone's place to ask questions like that regardless of what? Answer the question who cares if you're asked if you're gay you answer the question if you're straight. That's all i'm saying. Yeah If you're a straight guy, you go. Oh one No, of course i'm not No If you're a gay guy you say well, you know music I don't really think uh, i'm pissed. I don't have the cliff. I forgot it at home Because i'm sitting there like what? You know and you know his people got together with him said this is the best way to answer this question That was obvious. Yeah, that way you don't sound like you're lying Well, what what's the what's what's the biggie if he is lying? You know if he comes out in the future and uh, yeah, he is gay, but oh he said he wasn't so Uh, you gotta wait for his record sales to drop then he'll admit he's gay So then people will buy his albums again to hear what a gay guy sounds like ricky martin behind the music Yeah, but we have no clue what his sexual orientation is saying shake your tools. Shake your big tools. Shake your big tool We just thought it was a little weird that you wouldn't answer the question. Yeah I mean, there's a ton of straight guys. There's a ton of gay guys that listen to our show. Yeah Yeah, let me talk to the straight guys. If a guy a guy if a lady asks you if you're gay, what's your answer? Um, there you go. Everyone is ugly Everyone just answered the question in their car. Yeah, just flat out say no no No, but i'm willing to learn Uh liam from uh baldwin. I I once saw jay more and jolee's brother in the yellow miata. So maybe it is true Yeah I mean, yeah, it's fine and all but It was I wonder why they're speculating so much that they're doing each other Like there's so many other things it could be than that She's just she's just too touchy feely with her brother aunt. You ever see a family like that You have a sister. Yeah, I have a couple sisters when we get drunk. I'll throw her a banging Maybe what's the if I touch my sister by accident, you know, she's had screaming cooties and all that I mean you just there are some families that are very touchy feely and especially like that If you look at that situation where the brother's a yicks and uh, she's this uh, You know oscar-winning actress now she seems very protective of of uh her gay brother That's how I see it. Who knows maybe he's uh, she's hobbling his knob. I don't know But it doesn't that wouldn't be my first thing. I would I would think You know, do you grab your your sister's head when you're kissing her? Uh tongue kissing. Yes. Yes, I grab it and then I pull her ears down to my uh groin area. Yes No What do you mean grab her hand? That's what joe lee did She grabbed the back of his head as she was kissing him on the side of the head and it was just all probably all drunk and stupid Oh, I don't know. What do I it's it was just weird Absolutely weird. Let's get a big kev big kev. What's up? Oh, hey, what's up? Hey, I see that they they fixed uh line three. So we've been away hoping that way. I forgot how annoying that is Hey, bae, what do you got kev? Hey, uh, first of all anthony Yeah, you better cut uh, you better stop busting on ricky martin or you're not going to be able to get those tickets when he comes around Shut up, you dick I want ricky martin. Hey chad before you continue I gotta read this uh perry from queens tonight on vh1's behind the music ricky martin getting behind the behind The real behind the music very good Angelina joe lee's brother Maybe she is you know very close to him all of a sudden because maybe he is I don't know not quite fba Uh Uh Well, you never know So you had you had a comment about robin williams and blame canada. Yeah, what was with the giant? Gigantic postman guy dancer Did you see that guy? They had a whole bunch of the dancers come out and they're supposed to represent like I guess the townspeople Yeah, and they had an absolutely huge i'm a big guy But that guy was absolutely huge And dancing wearing the postman outfit. Yeah, I'd I'd I'd I missed that I guess you should uh check your tape on that because that was Unbelievable if we review the tape again, we can never get past king gimp I mean, there's no other part we could get to because if the tapes in there we're watching it We're watching king gimp 800 times. Yeah That was unbelievable. Yeah. All right. Thanks kevin. Take care. Bye and then warren bates Accepted speech was just babbling. I have no clue what he said. No freaking idea same thing with the uh, the spanish guy that came out antonio banderas Introduced this guy, you know, he was uh getting his award He comes up and starts babbling and he pulls out this piece of paper and starts talking about something with his sister And the reasons that you win the oscar and they weren't cutting them off. I'm sitting there watching going come on Do you know play the music cut this guy off? Yeah, they weren't cutting them off finally antonio banderas like grabbed his arm and started dragging him off the stage It was a mess and and finally as we wrap up our oscar discussion Yes, very important oscar discussion. Did anyone else catch the fact that jane fonda was giving out some foreign movie award? Oh, really? Yeah Bitch Hanoi jane hanoi jane. What was it vietnamese movie? Who knows how to how to freaking shoot at bombers from your rice patties. I got in trouble at my place because I was screaming Communist at the tv and who was who was debating that? Uh, let's see my brother. Oh, you're with people. I was like are you in a real liberal family there? I'm like, do you realize what this lady did during the vietnam war? Pictures of her on any aircraft guns great. Thank you with the viet con Right Oh my now she's giving out a foreign film award. I thought that was pretty uh, right pretty funny hanoi jane Go over there. Let's see how they how they would work your plastic surgery over There in ho chi minh city see what your face lifted to look like after that. Well, we just got a little trim here Look where you know how around I no more speaking of plastic surgery Cher gets one more man. She's got that goatee a goatee. Oh, yeah All of a sudden her face looks different now Remember when she was the long-faced puffy lip chair when she was kind of doing those infomercials that she was getting a lot of flack for now She's uh doesn't have the big puffy lips anymore and her face isn't as pulled back as it is up now up and back Shit, she's ought to do something with that ass though now, you know She's apologizing for dressing like an adult she said because she's not wearing one of those maccy frigging cover the nipples in the gash dress Because she might have enough sense to know she can't get away with that anymore Those big tats on her ass remember those Fucker turn back time if I could run away And she had her ass there big tats on her. You know what those must look like now My father had a couple on his forearms from the like korea You couldn't even tell what planet they were from we could we could all relate You know remember playing silly putty with the silly putty as a kid Yeah, you'd get the nice little uh, you know colors comic strip on your on your little silly putty and then you would stretch it What does it look like it looks like now? I can't tell it's all just blue mess, right? Looks like she sat in a puddle of blue ink. That's what a grapple driveway That's what her uh saggy ass tattoo looks like now. Yeah, so she was all covered up But of course, I mean what what is she gonna do dress like she did 20 years ago cover that up Just work on the face. Now. That's what she's doing. She's she's defaulted all the construction to her face Took the uh scaffolding away from the body. Just cover it up now. All right Oh, yeah, they're showing me a picture of uh matt and trey in their dresses. That was pretty funny. That is pretty good Guy did props all day moves very ballsy move They'll never be invited back for the oscars What are they gonna oh my god, look at that. We we got nominated again and I think it doesn't happen and who cares, you know They're all just So full of themselves and goof nominee. All right, we gotta take a break All right, we're giving out tickets to uh opening day with the mets. Where's my little winner sheet there? I gotta get that uh, uh sponsor applaud We had a great idea. Yeah, we uh, we got a hundred, uh tickets to go see uh opening day with the mets You and I were supposed to go. Yeah, and then it turned out that uh, we're going to be in la Uh next monday, we're going to be flying back from la. We're going out to uh, wrestlemania Yeah, want to thank the fine folks at uh, wwf for uh giving us a trip out to To wrestlemania. Thank you. But uh, because we're doing that we can we can't go to the game with a hundred of our faithful listeners Like we planned No, so now we're sending psycho mark Now to deal with these tickets, it's not easy to get a hundred tickets together Opening day at shave stadium So I want you guys to understand where these seats might be So you're still gonna have a great time Yeah, but not you know directly behind home plate is what i'm getting at No, it's always cool though counting the rivets on the l1011s that fly over your head. It's pretty cool One, two, three. Oh look at it go, but you know, we meant well, it's still gonna be a good time It's gonna be a hundred of the faithful listeners with psycho mark wow science screaming and yon It's gonna be just uh, it's just gonna be a great time But we just want to warn you ahead of time because we uh, we take pride in the stuff we give away on our show Yes, and we don't want you to think oh my god I'm gonna be you know sitting right above the dugout and turns out you're you're in the section where you know couples have sex Because no one can see that high I'm right over the dugout, but i'm in yankee stadium, right? But so with that said it's still gonna be a great time and they're not that bad No But they're you know, they're not like in the stadium, right? It's uh pretty close. Yeah, sure All right, so we'll give uh, uh two four packs away right now. Okay, so you got some friends, uh that Then you could invite that's cool Okay We'll take the 10th and 11th callers for a four pack of tickets to the met's opening day next monday with psycho mark Courtesy of small world.com check out that website. It's easy to play and it's free It's a fantasy baseball website a lot of people into the fantasy baseball So if you're into that check out small world.com, okay 10th and 11th callers get them two one two Seven five seven one. Oh two seven and we'll be back Oh p.m density, who would you rather now? I disqualify myself because I got them both One oh two seven w n e w Want to give more stuff away how many of these can we give away five? All right All right And I don't know if you're into the fat boy slim Yeah, i'm completely into the fat boy slim myself sure I like the fat boy slim, you know, it's on every commercial on tv his mind out. You don't know who fat boy slim is They use it for every single commercial on tv shows even movies. Yeah He's all the rage And uh, he's got what a new uh mixed cd coming out tomorrow ben All right, and we got five of these All right now it's a mixed cd. He's just mixing tunes Huh, it's like if you were at a club hearing him dj live, okay, but you know Some of his hits and stuff are on there. All right. So if you're into that type of thing because it's a little different It's definitely different Fat boy slim works when you're trying to work out by the way without a doubt you throw that on and Then you just go yeah All right We got five of these uh winner receives a copy of on the floor at the boutique or the boutique the boutique Uh, the new mixed cd by fat boy slim before you can buy it goes on sale. I believe tomorrow What else comes out tomorrow anything fun? Yes, I think there's a kiss alive for some kids alive for wow There's another farewell tour Are they going to do the you think the kiss is going to do the who thing have like four or five farewell tours Haven't they already jesus christ? I think they have they're coming around again What do they do what I saw some guys are so good at marketing man, they're brilliant I saw somewhere. I think steve sent it to me from the unofficial site there They were doing their first few songs live on vh1 and a girl totally flashed on right over vh1 Nice it is completely about the cash with them guys. All right It has nothing to do with the music anymore So if you want to check out the brand new, uh, fat boy slim mixed cd, uh, we'll we'll take the first five callers right now 2127571027 we we got to start giving away more music on our show We got to start giving away uh concert tickets on this damn radio show Yeah, that way we'll get some are the record companies paying any attention to the opi and anthony show? No, they'll they'll give tickets over uh Over to a show that's uh not getting any ratings We have doubled the ratings of uh k-rock and afternoon drive wake up guys They'd rather uh, you know go to a jack that has rack blacks Rack black This is a rock and roll talk show. I'm talking to the record companies at this point Send your bands send your cds Send your concert tickets. This is the place To promote your shows and your artists Don't be stupid. I know it doesn't sound right because we're not playing a lot of music, but it makes sense. Trust me What what k-rock what what? Oh, that's right. Okay, we can't have that band No, we're we're they're slowly coming. Uh coming aboard. I think uh starting tomorrow. We're gonna have tickets to see filter Oh filter rocks a lot. Yeah, they're playing the hammerstein ballroom april 20th And uh, I believe we'll start giving away those tickets tomorrow so that they are coming aboard slowly, but surely All right, but uh to all the record companies don't be scared You know, we want god smack in our studio We want these guys in the studio we'll we'll let them plug in and then jam for an hour We don't care. I'm gonna berate sully if he ever sets foot in here The guy should come to the table. I don't care what record company execs what radio station to pds Or anything say what he should get on the phone and call because we had a goddamn relationship up in boston When they were first starting out He should at least just as a person call I don't need the bulk Uh god smack emails that I get Hey from sully click. Hello god smack fan. It's like sully. It's me you jack off You gave me a videotape of some chick getting dumped on God's not playing osprey. Yeah Line up this year is great. It's ozzy god smack pantara static x Methods of mayhem. How is ozzy keeping up with these wacky kids these days is this his last osfest? I've been hearing that he's saying that's uh, he says it every year. This is my last osfest. I can't take anymore I mean, this is just a Whole thing of sex and drugs and ozzy can't take it anymore. I'm too effed up. I'm too old What what was it the behind the music with motley crew where where motley crew is on on tour with ozzy and they they saw ozzy Snored up ants outside the tour bus Going towards a popsicle stick all in a little line And I just thought it would be funny that lowest straw down and just snorting the little bongas up And he did he did he snorted a line of ants All right, who else is playing osfest we said static x method methods mayhem. That's uh, tommy lee's new band incubus Pod incubus uh monster magnet. We saw monster a couple times. They're really good and uh ministry And speaking god's back ant. Yeah, we're gonna be uh, introing them. Well Don't worry k-rock. It's not a new yorker All so don't so don't be all freaked out. Ah, that's wicked cool. Yeah Our buddies up in uh boston We're slowly but surely getting syndicated back to back to boston and how come most people just get syndicated with us It's like a covert operation into south america, right for hell. I mean, come on You don't even the company We continue to get great ratings month after month after month syndicate you but don't don't tell anybody you're being syndicated And we're going to do it real slow, but they don't trust us. They totally don't trust us It's like the f up son that the father finally lets the the kid have the keys to the car. Yeah And like all right But you can only be an hour and mom has to drive with you like it's a slow process of regaining the trust And they want us to be good for a certain amount of time. We don't know what this certain amount of time is because Uh in between problems we went two weeks and we were good. Yeah Well one and I thought that and I thought that was good enough because you know, i'm we're working it with uh, bc and we'll say it in boston And I got uh one of the big wigs on the phone up there And like why are we syndicated and the guys like well, uh, you haven't been good long enough I'm like, what do you mean? We've stayed out of trouble for the last two weeks and he screams two weeks Two weeks and just starts laughing. I'm like what you don't understand our track record two weeks is a very long time Yeah, well we had to be like that to get attention so so we were on a crap ass Station that this the n.e.w used to be did you say was yeah? I know Well, you know why because now at least there's potential at least we have hope if there's hope right? I mean there was no hope there. Oh, there was none No, so we were on this station where we could either go out like everyone else with no ratings No one listening and everyone making excuses or we could be the two biggest a-holes On the radio and get attention which got us in trouble a lot. Oh, well, so the company doesn't trust us So we had this dilemma. We're like, hmm Should we behave and be syndicated all over the place or should we continue doing the show? We like to do and get in trouble I think the truth of the matter is we don't have a choice because we only know how to do the one thing I know I think you guys have figured it out because we just cannot stay. Yeah out of trouble Oops, anthony. I want the station to throw us a bone. Yeah, I want n.a.w to be officially known as the opium anthony station But the uh n.e.w be the opium anthony station station. Yeah, so like we are the flagship show. Yes The opium anthony station if the company is listening Okay Starting immediately. We want n.e.w to be known as the opium anthony station Like that yeah interesting from the top of the opium Yeah, can we use that one Uh So for now on we're going to refer to n.a.w is the opium anthony station from the basement of the opium And we know it's ballsy and stuff. Yeah, come on. We put it in two years of hell. Okay, I think we deserve it I'm with you on this one. Okay, we'll take it up with the uh, the blocks of thought We want like uh promos and sweepers to start immediately that just basically say W. N. E. W the opium anthony station Opium anthony station. I like it. It's so it's so pompous We're not pompous That's pretty funny though. We ought to do that. We do feel good because we moved into the big office Yeah, now we have the big office the biggest office and now we good and now we want to take it one step further and We want the whole station. We want the station to be known as the opium anthony station Opium anthony station. All right, i'm with you. I like it because now we're proud to be here at n.a.w Yes, oh if you would have suggested this a year or so ago. Oh no. Oh no Let's say the opium anthony, you know through two to seven, right? That's us the opium anthony hours. Yeah All right. Well, we'll bring it up with the ballsy with he'll probably like our face You never know Great from the opium anthony compound compound All right, steve and sick boy checking in sick boys live. Wow. I thought he fell off the face of the earth I thought he got piled driven through the the ring Um from founding music.com, of course, uh, it's not a huge picture guys, but I did get a shot of king gimp On the unofficial Uh opium anthony website. It's in the files for section. Oh, yeah video. Oh no steve We need the video clip of him flapping on the floor now. We have a wheelchair We have it if you if you need it steve, of course Uh, we're probably going to need a second cop because we'll wear it out when we get into the office after the show We got to watch that another 12 or 13 times Uh, the gimp falling on the floor is great. All right, and we got to take a quick break very quick break Okay, doesn't look too bad here behind me And uh, you want to do a little spaz radio? Yeah. Yeah spaz threw us a tape of uh, some of the Highlights of the week. Yes, he's going to have a feature every friday Yeah, I do this I think uh you and I have decided that um spaz needs a feature on the radio show for a while We did. Oh, yeah Just make it okay. Just make it look like you care about the show. Okay. Um, good thing Keep making it look like We're busy trading to be in on some of these decisions. What was that? Oh, yeah I can't hear you after hours Um, oh and you still got to talk talk about disney world. I didn't trade. Yeah, I traded All right. Well, we got to take a break. But yeah, we're going to start a feature with uh With uh with spaz called uh spaz's week in review spaz's week in review We need like some real old news real type music. Yeah, we'll open it up. We're going to do it on friday spaz's week in review and have spaz keep track of all the important stories of the week and And uh give us a full report on friday But uh because we were away and we we were uh, we weren't around uh, you know tv or newspaper Yeah Um spaz, um collected a few news stories anthony, uh-huh And he put it together on a little tape for us. Oh great And I believe we'll have a little time to to play that next Okay, no better way to hear the news than with that special spaz delivery. That's right, and we'll do that next stay there Ovi and anthony More stupidity on the way 1027 wnew uh anthony we're in the middle of uh commercials, but we gotta go to robert Uh robert has a good slogan for any w robert Yes, uh, one of two seven will be an anthony lives. Oh, I like that That would make the old timers uh roll over in their graves. Oh, wait, they're not dead yet. They just look that way Oh, it will be soon a couple of them. All right, robert. Thank you. You got it Bye anthony paisano of mulberry street in the heart of little italy Let me tell you something I was down in the caribbean on vacation and I missed a fine food that uh paisano Delivers on a daily basis anthony, you know something when you've eaten italian food at paisano You go anywhere else. Oh my god. You try to get a good plate of pasta in florida. Oh Oh or or driving back in north carolina. This is great. Just like those new york italians make Uh, no, no, no when you've had the best where where else can you go? Yeah, what everything else is going to seem like crap paisano of mulberry street the best Huge portions great atmosphere you go down there with the family or a date You'll be proud to take them to paisano Authentic italian cuisine and it's made from the original old world recipes joey brought him over himself He swam with the old world recipes in his shoes And uh opened up paisano mulberry street. Uh price is very reasonable portions Like ant said huge the service is great. Say hi to pete. He's our favorite down there He takes care of us and on the weekends. His name is giovanni. Really is that what that's what he says? Yeah, okay And uh, if you go there just ask for joey the owner You tell him hey opi anthony sent me man and he's going to give you a glass of wine on the house and make pete Say opi. It's the funniest damn thing. What is it? What does he do? He goes, uh, oh, very good to see you Uh here, where's hoppy? Hoppy It's hoppy Where's hoppy? Who cares? It's pretty funny. It's a stupid name. Anyway, that's even stupid when he says it All right paisano mulberry street in the heart of little italy give them a call if you want to make a reservation for the weekend 965 1188 tell them hoppy sent you that's 965 1188 paisano of mulberry street The cold fall up you treat them like you know, good people. You don't talk down to them Hey, fuck you. Jesus christ. Shut up you idiot Loser hey, fuck you. What a retard. You're high. Are you stupid? Hey, fuck you the opi and anthony show 1027 wnew Hey, uh, what do the mess play in japan? What wednesday and thursday? Wednesday and thursday, what? Wednesday and thursday? They're opening the season over there. Hey, hey, why are we opening the season in japan? Japan What the hell are we doing over there? Why are we so nice to them? Why are we giving baseball and everything? Come on, they have a pretty good baseball league themselves. Oh great and they send over the big fat pussy toad That's who we got. Yeah. Well ricky, uh, ricky henderson wants to be traded to japan Who cares just get rid of them the paper saying he wants to trade and it'll ask no questions. Just get rid of them Speaking of uh japan. Yeah, and uh us on vacation news that happened when we were on vacation, you know who died who? thomas farabee thomas farabee, do you know who he is? He invented the furby. No, 81 years old Any clues has something to do with japan thomas furby thomas a guy from A guy from japan named thomas. He's not from japan. He has something to do with japan. I know who he is. Oh Wow, I know exactly who it is ready. Oh, he was retired in florida, right? I don't know. He dropped one of the bombs. That's right bombardier Bombardier on the anorla gay thomas farabee as the anorla gay rose on the comic Her implement of destruction in her belly bound for japan That's right. He was retired in florida. I believe if i'm not mistaken. He was 81 years old 81 and uh dad Just living in a retirement home and no one no one dropped a bomb. No one has a clue. Isn't that great? He's in a retirement. Hello And what did you used to do thomas I was a bombardier I killed the japanese with the atomic bomb Now i'm on a little rascal. He put a stop to world war two on his own and no one down there Is going to believe him. He's just wheeling around on his little rascal All right, colonel tippets. I'm over the target I'll drop my kalaist to me bag off my little rascal. He's got bombs in his pants Ha ha ha ha Bombardier the pilot coming around On his little rascal. He was there in the belly of the beast The b-29 ready to drop the bomb on the japs and later on let's fast forward 81 There he is crapping his pants on a little rascal life just blows time sucks life blows Well, godspeed thomas godspeed to you. Kathy lee mentioned ona on the air. Yeah, sure I know it's a prank. Might as well just go with it. What's humor sam? Hey sam Yeah Hi, kathy lee, uh mentioned us on there. Yeah last thursday. Yeah, what'd she say? No, she it was like a one-liner. She minimized you guys. It was like whoever understood understood or whatever didn't didn't What was the line? What was the line? She said something about wow and you know, these guys are lightweights something like that. Oh, okay Thanks, sam cool. Welcome. Bye All right Let me say that was like 25 seconds of my life. I'm never ever getting back ever ever ever Well spaz is in the studio anthony. Yes as we were hard at work. Uh vacationing Correspondent spaz was on the job. Yeah, so we had spaz. Uh, keep in train keeping a news team Yeah, keeping track of uh the news that we obviously missed while we were you know drinking tequila and looking at babes and day Trading and all the fun stuff you and I did separately on vacation. Did you know who thomas fareby was spaz? No clue Okay, that's okay. A lot of people don't know I mean He's a he's a war hero war heroes dropped the bomb personally. Yeah, japs stopped world war two Drop the bomb bomb Looking through the brand new uh norden bomb site. It was a wonderful wonderful sight to see hiroshima blowing up flaming Burning japanese, I think we're burning japanese I really think so so because we weren't close to newspapers or tvs the most part of spaz Decided taking upon himself to give us some news stories anthony. So he went into the studio saturday saturday All right with a couple of newspapers A bad attitude and figured he'd just throw down the news like he would if he would To to open the mics here to naw and let's do a news like he was doing his own radio show, right? so um We're about two minutes into his little tape here where he decides to start discussing some news events in a couple of news items Okay, so are we ready any giant mosquitoes in these news things like last year? I used to love that one No mosquitoes in the paper yet. Okay. Well that'll be happening. I guess in spring. We'll have a giant mosquito update Did you see spaz calling for headphones? Yeah, that was kind of cool. That was kind of cool I was impressed like where my cage you ever And ben's like laughing as he brings them all the shut up get your own headphones jerk off. All right So, uh, so here's spaz as he uh, can I have some coffee starts toppy up and get me some water Starts talking about the news. Let's let's go to the tape. We're gonna have to stop this a few times I think you understand that spaz. Okay. All right. Here he is our buddy our pal spaz radio everyone Let's just get into a little bit of news. Shall we what's happening around the world? there's a lot of oddities to go on around the world and uh This is I think this is the only radio station the only show that's going to report them. So, uh, let's just continue on shall we? What's going on Better tourism through nudity. That's right strip and they will stay It's like they'll feel the dreams thing like if you build it, they will come well If they strip they will stay okay terrific Italy's uh art galleries and magazines and televisions are full of it, but on the beaches nudity remains strictly off limits, but not for long Because in uh, italy they're gonna allow beaches to become nude the beaches and what's the reason? What are they people on the beaches or the beaches are going to be allowed to be nude they're allowing the beaches to be nude That's good. Yeah, they're Restriction of of no nudity and they're taking it off the beaches and now All right nude beaches nude beaches, okay boost tourism, of course anything to make a buck and uh, I guess it took italy a long time to understand that sex sells sex brings money so I guess um not only is mexico behind a little behind the rest of the world and Maybe the dominican republic but also Yes, world italy is behind the times a little bit too because they have finally understood that sex sells well Okay, I have a couple of issues with that what what was the deal with mexico Dominican republic. I was just giving like a list of several countries around the world who are a little behind the times Just so I could so italy wouldn't stand so it wouldn't come out to italy's only behind the times or other countries as well Oh All right, that's good. Okay, and then the um sex sells yes How does that fit into nude beaches? Well because They made nude beaches that it to boost tourism which would bring revenue to the country Okay, there's new beaches right here, you know in new york, why would you want to go to italy to to be nude? For the cd eiffel tyler, too in italy Yeah, and the pope and the vatican. Okay a little shock Boy, you never disappoint man All right, and in what uh great city in italy No, it's the eiffel tower. I met on the eiffel towers in france. I'm sorry Uh, no, I know italy has the vatican very good. Okay, sorry and the leaning tower, um I'm just going to have to poop. Yeah, every time i hear the phrase the leaning tower. I take pizza. Um, I I don't know leaning tower. Um Don't know I see it was in the superman movie. I know that And you straighten it out. Yes. Yeah, okay. That's good. All right Let's move on with the beach segment opi In case you missed the news in there, italy is opening up his beaches as nude beaches Thank you spaz Next something we missed while we were on vacation. We missed it on vacation But spaz our crack reporter or a reporter that's on crack something like that was keeping tabs on the news ted from white stone on the Instant feedback, please play this back in english So Hence the new feature starting friday, uh the weekend review with spaz. Yeah, okay Let's move on with some more news stories here spaz. Please call me correspond to spaz. Are you done with this? I make one more comment one more time about the nude beaches in italy that that has the uh, eiffel tower. Okay Well, good luck with that one. I know what a boost towards them and I know i'll be vacationing there and about dad well a couple years because I heard that the women over there. They're a little bit hairy So it's kind of frightening. So I kind of want to like prolong it maybe get drunk for a couple years then go to rome Anyway, uh, what else is going on in the world? ha Do you realize italy has some of the most beautiful women in the entire universe? Oh But I hear said that they're just like the french to harry and don't bathe that well, mm-hmm Mamma mia, all right, let's move on to the second story anthony. Ah, all right Uh, the reviews already gone filing in dropped his cell phone. Wait, wait, wait, what is this now? Hold on It was no question. Yeah, I don't want to not a second. I don't want to miss a second I'm just saying the reviews are just piling in already on the phone. Well, please wait on the phones. We'll get to you All right. Let's go here. Um a guy dropped his cell phone In the zoo cage of a lion I do know what the dumb schmuck did That's right folks. You get it. You guessed it. He actually went into the cage Went after the cell phone and then ran Like a little bitch away from the lion and got out of the cage and the guy only got like minor scratches and bruises Oh, well, why are you so angry with this man because he's a dumb schmuck I mean obviously why is he a dumb schmuck because if you drop a cell phone In the alliance cage, you don't try to get the phone you just but I I don't think it was brave of the guy to jump Into the into the cage to try to get his cell phone back But you call him like he was scared and ran away like a little bitch I'm trying to get to the point where now now, okay, i'll take i'll i'll i'm with you here He was stupid going into the cage to get the cell phone. Yes, but he ran now if you're in the lion cage Running probably good to get out of the lion cage not like dumb bitch like smart guy Right, it's not the place you want to prove your manhood. I know you don't stop and make a call. Hey Hey bob, guess where I am. Yeah, i'm in the lion cage my cell phone fell in But I don't want to run because fuzzle call me a dumb bitch like i'm running like a bitch You know, you sound a little angry at this time. I think most guys would look like a Scared bitch in that situation. So that's the point is he shouldn't have been in the cage in the first place All right. I'm with you there. Okay. All right We got some instant feedbacks there. Oh Oh, yeah Gee, i'm so surprised One guy who's been pursuing radio for a very long time is thinking about jumping out the window I Heard uh tom brokaw Uh wants to hire spaz as his correspondent in iraq the barber in jersey checking in And now our correspondent spaz. All right. Well, let's uh move on You're going to continue with the cell phone guy in the cage here. Yes, i'm looking okay another comment. Okay I guess when he hit the cage as it was jumping over or whatever Anyway, but the lion didn't get him and it should have because a guy that's stupid Okay, it's not stupid to drop the cell phone in there because I okay, you gotta understand accidents do happen, right? But the guy went after the cell phone Now a guy is rich enough to have a cell phone in the first place Nowadays, you gotta have money to have a cell phone Big bumps people It's the year 2000 Cell phones now are pretty much commonplace with everybody you see kids in malls with cell phones I don't think it's as expensive as it was maybe uh, you know five ten years ago when when uh, when uh, the uh, uh Uh cannon. Thank you. When can and had the phone you ever watched the tv show cannon from the 70s the detective guy Cannon and he'd have his his car phone and it was an actual phone with like the curly wire That went into the hump between his seats and he'd pick up the phone mobile operator No, I'm bad. It's cannon connect me with five five five one two one two And like they connect and that was the old days and that one call cost him 800 To make very expensive back then. Yes, and then there were the cell phones of the 80s That with like a big freaking carrying case you had to walk around with You'd have the phone with the curly q wire that went into this bag. You had to carry with you now With the flip of a little piece of plastic You're talking on the cell phone for rates that are cheaper than ever So, you know if you drop it in the lion's cage Hey, I guess you could leave it You know, like all those notes here and go. Hey, I lost my phone right fell into the lion's cage All right, let's go rob because he's yelling Rob, what's up? Yeah, you asking idiot What the hell is the matter with you? Like do you even do you hear yourself? Come on Yes, Vatican City is indeed its own country in italy You Italian women are beautiful They're like so lovely man. I just want to like move it but come on Oh It's the biggest Oh He sure gets a reaction doesn't it He's not even editorializing the news that much is he all right. Well, well, thank you rob Thank you rob rob checking in with a little uh feedback a little feedback on on your news broadcast So i had a line one calling spaz the king of the gims is like the gimp from the oscars All spaz is grabbing a newspaper doing the news and he's convulsing on the floor. All right, let's move on here Um, so we're in the middle of the cell phone. Uh, Story let's uh recap a little bit a guy must have been rich because he had a cell phone drop the cell phone in the lion's cage Uh, the stupid f went in to get the the thing and ran out like a little bitch And he got minor bruises and abrasions That's where we leave you And now we Is he saying my two-year-old daughter talks better than that? Uh Lj from new york and you plan on doing this every friday Why not make spaz the morning show and see if the ratings will drop past a point three Let me tell you something I would listen to this every every single morning. This would be a great morning show. Yes And the dumb bitch driving because he's rich with a cell phone All right, let's uh and let's get back to the story. All right I hear what uh comes up with next here. So If he if he has a phone in the first place Isolate that we need that. Yeah, let me hear that Why are you like, you know, it sounds like you just smoked like 10 bones and you got cotton mouth and no ice tea Listen to this. So Oh my god compare those with scott's those so God you sound like a goddamn pelican swallowing a trout God damn, dude What happened there? All right, we're gonna compare the scott muni, um lip smacking Here's the scott muni lip smacking after oh, solemn Yeah All right, i've got someone and here's uh spass so Wow, you're learning from the master i learned a lot from schtichel you are learning out here at any w I don't know. Okay. So I don't know so water maybe obviously has something to say because he started I don't know with so No If he has enough money to have a cell phone in the first place and he dropped it in their accidents happen Either get a zookeeper who is trained trained With lines, I would assume otherwise he wouldn't be working in the zoo But he is trained with lines so he would know how to tame it so he can get the cell phone out for this guy No, the guy's gotta take him to his own hands and jump into the cage Idiot Anyway, so he got the cell phone my discretion bruises. He should have been killed Why because we don't need another dumb schmuck in the world like this guy Oh, yeah Uh, it makes sense to me. The guy's mexican I forgot how racist this guy is What it makes sense because he's mexican Why does it make sense? Because he's mexican. What does that have to do about dropping a cell phone into the lion cage? Because a lot of them don't know the rest from their whatever Oh my god, and now earlier was saying that people are behind the times in mexico But now this guy's rich enough to have a cell phone. It's different. It totally undermines your opinion of mexicans as being lazy Slovenly poor of people if this guy's rich enough to afford his laughing so hard. I think he just puked A cell phone. You have a mexican to know how to scan to get money. Oh is that it? Okay All right. Oh my god And if you're gonna stereotype wouldn't be like the polish people are so are stupid and would do something like that Yeah, i'm part polish myself. Oh, so you want to keep the polish people out of it. Okay All right, are we on to another story? Yes, unfortunately We just began this so we're gonna have to start the show tomorrow with this. Oh my god We have another solid solid 20 minutes of this. All right, let's give maybe one more story in before we have the wrap time for today Um, like I said behind in the times anyway, what else is also happening an inmate an inmate solitary, I believe on death roam he says And I quote that if you don't get me a pet parakeet because this guy wanted a pet parakeet for Some odd reason okay. Hold on All right, everybody please put your snack trays away put your seats in their full upright position and fasten your seat belt And I think this could uh, this might win as the most offensive song Right, I think even without music just put music to it. So an inmate looking for a parakeet on death row And here's quote. I need me a parrot. What did he say? I give me a parakeet or Kill me. Okay, and here we go You know how lonely you get in jail. That's it's either bubba or some other form and I guess he won the parakeet in his ass What I am so glad we went on vacation. This is priceless Okay terrific, okay terrific Richard I can't tell you so that I can I just you guys got me laughing so damn hard. I can't This is like this is the best I mean this doesn't get you guys to the cage I don't know what would this is unreal I mean go change your pants I'll tell you what you did Turn around let him in the show and open the show this is great. All right, man Take care guys. Unfortunately, we only have a few minutes left now and then we have to continue this tomorrow on the show Uh, but but damn the instant feedback just flooding in Uh noah from uh, pomona spaz the king of all media Ah, there you go swanee from bridgeport, connecticut, uh spaz is proof that you can put a suit on a monkey But it doesn't make him any smarter Spaz wearing a suit all week because he lost a bet. Yes Someone tighten the strap on spaz's helmet because apparently he doesn't have enough brains that his own commentary that he taped days before Someone smacked that moron That's drew from freehold keep the instant feedback coming in. Uh, Uh, please please I now need heart medicine i'm laughing so hard my god, this is the effing funniest radio i've ever heard Oh, I think I just peed myself god damn And we're gonna do this every week as fast as we can review. All right, let's uh, let's move on with the do you have more commentary on the inmate? Uh story honestly and I have not heard this is the first time we're hearing all this Yes, it is the last story of the break. Okay. All right, here we go But uh, yeah some guy asked said that uh, either give me a parakeet or I will kill myself All right. I believe I uh with poison with cyanide You would kill himself a cyanide. I'll have a parakeet Now i'm a pet lover myself that I don't want to parakeet that bad Besides you're a death row. Anyway, you're gonna die. Anyway, then I can take a threat seriously. They're gonna kill you They'll laugh in your face. They're gonna kill you I guess because he's another dumb schmuck in the world Okay That's enough news going around the world. We're gonna get into wait. Wait, play that again That's enough news going on with negative lore. We're not in order to do this. I'm not a lip smack. Yeah Well, yeah, all right, here we go. Okay. Well That's enough news That's enough in news. That's enough in news and go for this. Wait, I can't get past the lip smacking That's enough news going around the world Entertainment and we're going to talk about the h-e-double-a tournament as well as the beginning of the baseball season For both the mechs and the yanks. All right for both that should be very interesting season But anyway, we're going to get uh into some more music here. Once again congratulations to earnest borg9 You'll be going to the April 15th italic concert What and now we're going to rock out a little bit with a little bit of rob zombie draggula K-dog show with wsb. He should have rock out on saturday nights Is that it? Dog KKK dog. All right. Well That's the first five minutes of his tape. We have 20 minutes to go tomorrow. Oh my god This is like a cliffhanger anthony that stuff rocks. This is like, uh, the two-part brady bunch episode where greg wiped out Yeah, we need to tune in tomorrow. As isn't gonna Poke up through the waves spaz. You sure your parents aren't jolee jolee and her brother? No, they're not Your last name's not and uh jolee no as an angelina joley no, okay spaz man That's great. The mexicans. Okay. Let's see what we learned from the newscast Mexicans are stupid but rich enough to have cell phones, right? Uh prisoners want parakeets in their butt even if they're gonna die And spaz is a blithering retard Wait, you forgot about the other story the uh, the uh, the eiffel towers in italy Yeah, the eiffel tower is in italy where the hairy women go nude on the beach thanks to uh because sex sells That's what it is. What's what's more pleasant to listen to spaz or this? Well, unfortunately, we're gonna have to blow off what did we learn on the show today because too many people want to comment about spaz Yeah in the final moments of our show today john, what's up? Hey spaz did put the n in stupid. All right 100 000 firm that was the fastest swimmer Are you sure his mother and father aren't brother and sister? That's what made it Unbelievable great newscast we can look forward to uh that every friday. Yeah, I can't wait. That is reason to live right there Spaz we can review spaz are you writing down stories about uh this week or any or nothing sam Okay, anything to get today that maybe a little you'll give us a little tease of what we can expect on friday um No, I think i'm going to keep it till friday. I'm going to keep everybody to suspense Oh, yeah, that's perfect. You're going to type it out and stuff as a real newscaster So we got to get like teletype they teach you like 10 10 1 Yeah, yeah, and now the news with spaz right? Yeah, he'll be winning an edward arm maro award Edwin on moron award Uh franklin from yorktown f the opium anthony station. It's 1027 the home of spaz radio k-dog forever k-dog Once again reiterating he is truly kkk dog. Uh jason from river edge new jersey You guys may be back, but I think spaz's brain is on a permanent vacation You know what it's like it's like in wrestling remember when uh, you know mankind would all of a sudden be cactus jack Yeah, like all of a sudden spaz once again like oh cool k-dogs back. You know, he's k-dog k-dog is back My sides hurt I swear to god I have a headache that was some funny stuff man. It's like uh having too much sugar Do very good spaz just work it up like you have dentures Okay, okay I Gotta do oh solo me. Oh, come on Just do it like uh scat so Uh wait, let's uh do the let's let's give you scott. Maybe the original And see if you could do the song in the lips man. You gotta do the lips man You gotta do exactly what you hear in this tape here. Okay. All right. Here's uh scat so the legend Ha All right spaz your turn Very good now say virgin Virgin virgin do we have those other ones the virgin in the long form of that song too Virgin's funny Virgin virgin god, how do you talk like that virgin? What is this one? I need those on these on this machine, man, you'll get them when I want that You can put them on right? We need to smacks. We need those spaz lip smacks You need to put uh, yeah the virgin the hair all on uh, it's machine and and mark up. Hey Hey, hey, yeah, what's this? Oh, there's the long form of oh solomia Have another scott yours with a meatbook Yeah, that's uh, and a little little more shivis, okay, there's scat so Now Juan from west patterson, new jersey with spaz's weekly review new feature, uh, fu friday is now f up friday Very good jason from river edge. Uh again jason writes drop a dime letting go what's on your mind Hey, yeah, what happened there famous, uh spaz catchphrase And then he writes I think spaz must have dropped the dime himself based on his on this broadcast All right, holy smoke man, let's go to nick. We only have a couple minutes left here nick. What's up? I had to cut across four lanes of traffic. I laughed so hard in my eyes. We're tearing. I couldn't see where I was going Yeah, I learned something today learned how to make edward armore spin in his grave Yeah Uh, very good. Thank you. Nick. All right. Marconi is looking down regretting his invention of the radio That's why did I do that? Why didn't I just stay with my hairy women? The phone's going nuts But we really have to uh leave the radio. Yeah, donna mike are next our first day back from vacation We had a lot of fun I hope you guys uh enjoyed the show today and thank you to our faithful listeners for giving us another a very nice ratings Trent. Thank you. Wow. Yeah, that was huge We'll talk about when the actual book comes out. We have people coming aboard every day But things are looking very very good lately. We appreciate that but doesn't that's the anthony station up. Yeah Yeah, 1027 wnew the opy and anthony station. We're gonna write we're going to management tomorrow with that We're gonna go present them with that one since we can't get any money. We might as well get stuff that doesn't matter We just want to like uh approach them with that to see what they would say We'll get more and more ridiculous and see when they finally throw the line and say no right From the top of this spaz building All right spaz. Um, yes We have to leave. Yes. Yes 20 minutes left of uh your tape for tomorrow. Yeah, i'm looking forward to it I think we're gonna have to start the show with that tomorrow. How the hell am I gonna sleep? Tonight knowing that I haven't heard this yet. What can we look forward to tomorrow on the uh on this uh news tape here? um my comments on the ncda tournament how I was um Appalled by the way it went by ollie jigaboo KKK dog Uh inappropriate he is I talk about I give commentary on kate moss of my views on her and what she should do with her life Okay, um And i talk about bill cosby's retirement once again And and the and the finale which is um is my views on politics All right All tomorrow on spaz radio. I love it. Can we get like jingles for this? Yeah, we need this done, right? We need this done, right with all kinds of sounds like a newsroom And a newsreel type intro for spaz aron from long island earl co and kkk dog naw's new morning team I'd listen i'd listen every day every day. All right, so what did we say? We wanted uh manson and kaczynski in the morning Charles manson and jen kaczynski. It's manson and kaczynski in the morning Hey, hey, Ted you been playing any bombs it's a killer radio show manson and kaczynski in the morning From the shack in montana Sharon tate says ouch You'll be dying to listen to manson and kaczynski explosive comedy Radio for the entire family Manson family Okay, listen, so we can't you guys uh tune in early tune in early tomorrow because we're going to continue spaz radio, right? Absolutely. We'll start with spaz radio and something better from there tomorrow It is so good to be back man killer radio You gotta see him in his suit All right, god damn I wish we could do another hour At least another hour of stuff. I just want to do the manson and kaczynski radio show god We should put that together now that'd get ratings. Come on. What are you kidding me? All right, I love it we'll see you guys tomorrow at two. Thanks for listening down and mike next Hey, this is neto from the sopranos and opi and anthony better keep their act up or i'm gonna have them whacked