 The worst of Opie and Anthony. One of them said it was gonna be WNW. Yeah, I almost didn't make it in. What do you mean you didn't almost make it in? Very close. Well, I was on my way in. How come you got pulled over again? Again? I know, I'm like Rodney King these days. Jesus, you're way in the league. We used to have a competition to see who could get pulled over the most. Yeah, but as far as getting tickets, you're still in the league. I'd talk my way out of it. I just don't drive anymore, so I'm saving myself a lot of money. I'm driving down Broadway in a black car with the light and the windshield pulls me over. Pull the truck out of my way. How close to work were you? Very close. Why do we always get pulled over right around our neighborhood? I was gonna stop at the bank real quick and do some banking. So I was kind of waiting for the... I wasn't even gonna double park. But get this, I was waiting for one of the cars to leave so I wouldn't have to double park while I went into the bank. So I was sitting there. Oh, come on. That boat's stuck up. My truck's stuck up. What? I'm like, oh, what did I do? All right. He says that you gotta break light out. I guess I did. I didn't know. I mean, I'm very grateful if an officer points that out to me. What a kiss-ass. Shut up. I could have been in jail. Shut up. I could have used a day off. We have a new policy. One of us is sick or in jail, the other guy doesn't have to work. Do you know what the hell would happen if I was in jail? If I was in jail and the listeners find out the barrage of abuse I get? Forget about it, man. Bubba would love you in jail, too. I don't think I'd be going to that jail. I don't think they send you to that jail. Don't worry, I'll mix up your saying. Maybe before you know it, I'm the queen of the weight room prom. I get pulled over. Okay. Break light out. Sure. I give them my license, which is still a mass license. Jesus Christ, I've got to get this straightened out. With mass plates, too, right? Yeah. He says that's another reason they pull people over. You get an out-of-state plate here in the city, figuring you're out of state to get new plates because you've got a problem here in New York. So they run my license, he comes back, he's got a suspended license. Like, what? No, I pay my tickets. I know you hear that all the time, but I paid my tickets. It's not December, you've got to take it and you've got to spend your license. Okay, very funny, Opie. You guys are really funny. So I said I paid it, he goes, no, didn't pay it. You're going to have to come with us down to the precinct. I'm like, oh no. I'm going to jail. Oh no, this isn't happening. Wait a minute, I almost got away from those chicks when they tried to handcuff us here in the studio. Maybe I could get away from these two big guys. Yeah, sure. And I'm looking at two uniformed guys on the sidewalk. I'm like, if I make a run for it, I could probably disappear into Times Square. They'd never find me. Oh sure. I'd be face first before I even passed my wheel well. I'd be like, in the pavement. Why are you wearing a white t-shirt today? I didn't do nothing. You didn't see any kiddie pulls on the streets of Manhattan to hide under? F you! Yeah, should I hit? I should have ran. I'd be in the police car, the backseat handcuff banging my head against the window trying to get out. Yeah, you have some guts, man. I've got to go to work. I have to play the card. At that point, it's not just getting out of ticket. I'm going to jail. So I go, I can't go to jails now. I'm on the air in a half hour. I'm on the air. On the Oprah and Anthony show on the air radio. Thank God one of the guys knew who I was. I know those guys. Yeah, well, so they say, well, I got to get they quiz me a little bit about my license date of birth, where I went. I guess they were from the island because they were quizzing me about Huntington, what school I went to, what year, blah, blah, blah, the whole thing. He goes, all right, well, you better get this taken care of. You know, some guy might pull you over and really arrest you. He's like, oh, thank you. Thank you. But he goes, you better mention this on the air at two o'clock. Because if you are, if this is in you, because they didn't know, he goes, how are you going to prove that it's you? What am I supposed to do, break into my Dyson presence? Hey officer, huh? You should have done some of your voice. All right, you pulled me over, huh? What's the matter, slow day? Where's the crack heads? All right. Yeah, I didn't want to get into that. But, uh, oh, mucho apreciado, officer. And then I find out, because I come to the station and I try to resolve the problem as quickly as possible. Smart guy. I call up motor vehicle. They punch up the ticket. You actually got through? Yeah, I know. That's a miracle in itself. They punch up the ticket. It was that seatbelt ticket I got in December, remember? That we talked about. Sure. I paid the $45 that it said to pay. $55. For $10, I'm ready to get hauled in. So now I got to go to motor vehicle and pay the $10 that it left. But probably now it's $110 because I didn't pay it. But, uh, huh, and I can't, now I can't drive. I can't drive until I get this taken care of. If I get pulled over, I'm screwed and I got a brake light out. I might as well just down a fifth of jack on my way home too. Like you're not driving home to Brooklyn tonight. Who are you kidding? Dude, thank God they didn't see the kilo of coke in the back. Shut up. Oh my God. It was like right underneath the carpet in the back. Kilo of blow. And the dead hooker beneath the back seat. Well the shovel should have gave that away. I was kicking it away with my foot and you could smell dead hooker on the whole vehicle. I was amazed. You've got to get to secret compartments like the rap guys. I need the trap. I need the trap like Puffy. It needs a trap. And you know me, you know the way I look and stuff. I'm reaching for my glove compartment to get the Reggie and I got like both hands up. Hello. Not going for a weapon. Don't worry. Watch. I could take my wallet out without my hands. So we got to thank New York's finest. Yeah, thanks guys. That was pretty cool. You know, they could have brought me in and stuff. Because if it wasn't for them, we would not have a radio show today. That's the truth. No. God, I would have laughed my balls off at 220 when we had to go on the air. I'd call up. You'd call up from like the joint and your one phone call? I know. Wouldn't that be great? Um, Opi? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. What's up? Not much. Do you want me to check your stocks for you? No. No? You usually call this time to check your stocks. Oh, I'm in jail. I got locked up. But, uh, woof. I dodged the bullet. Must have felt like old dirty. Oh, man. Opi and Anthony. That doesn't sound so bad. Sucks man from wall to wall. 177 WNEW. Yoshi, Sanjeev, what's your order? Yoshi! Very busy. What's your order? No, Yoshi. It's Opi and Anthony from NEW. Who? Opi and Anthony from NEW. You've been on our show a bunch? You press order now. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What's your order now? Is Yoshi Sanjeev? No, I'm not calling for an order. You want the Tongpang? No. Tangwa? No. What do you want? If I order, will you talk to us about this Chinese Viagra? Of course I'll talk to you. You order. Alright, just give me, I don't know, four or five. Four Tongpangs? Yes, what else? I'll take some of that wah, wah, pork, I guess. That's what I want. Yes, what else? I'll take some of that pork, I guess. Yes, what else? I'll take some of that pork, I guess. Yes, what else? I'll take some of that pork, I guess. Yes, what else? I'll take some of that wah, wah, pork, I guess. Yes, what else? Sweet & sour is cool. Sure, that's what we want. What's that? What do you guys want? Broccoli, maybe? No, we want beef brow' privileged. What's the house special? Beef broccoli, pork. beef broccoli, that's all you want. And what's the house specialty today? that all right well uh... uh... yes i read many of the every day yes okay and you can talk about who you are everyone is sick of uh... the menus of the leave under everyone's door by the way if i don't believe me you know you cannot go out there or well could you tell us a little bit more about this chinese viagra all week we call it we each here are you okay you take the chinese uh... by the way i would have been a little problem with my character with your wife i would have been problem with my character what's a click where it got well i have my problem uh... i think uh... trying to go ahead right okay eccentric four eight� kilometres you know you look like you have a baby panda in his pants. Yes, it looked like he had a ring and a chang in his pants. Wonderful. Well, it's a natural herb, right? Yes, very natural. From ancient Chinese secrets. Oh, I see. Yes, it contains a ginseng, chow rang, chow rock, fang rang, wing chang, and special secret ingredients. What's the special secret? Oh, I cannot devour special secret ingredients. Come on, Yoshi, let us know what the special secret ingredient is. Very secret. Okay, you listen, I tell you. Okay. What? Po. What? Po. Po? Pooook! Pooook, okay? Tell everyone off! Pooook! Good for Pooook! What do you do with your Pooook? You Pooook with it! Don't call me a Pooook for your Pooook! Alright, so there's pork in the Chinese Viagra. Yes. Okay. Chow rang, chow rang, chow rang, chow rang, chow rang, chow rang at the park. Okay. I am the go-nirer, I am the deliverer. Your order is ready. Well, come on by with the order later on. Okay, I'll be about ten minutes. And take care of your plick. Okay. Alright. Hey! Alright, see you later. Po! Alright, there he goes, everyone. Yoshi, the pork man, giving us a little info on the Chinese Viagra. Hey, Yoshi, I'll get you the water, your order. Okay. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. Okay. Alright. Okay. Little agent man, little agent man He may just get run over while bringing you lo mein His back's a piece of crap, his basket's rusted That's what one person The seat is wrapped in tape, the brakes are busted He used his shoes to stop, that's when he hit that cop Who still finds bits of rice inside his holster Little agent man, little agent man He may just get run over while bringing you lo mein Out of the way, must deliver You, that's where you go You almost hit Yoshi Oh no, out of the way Please get out of the way, don't want to hurt you Absolutely And now The worst of Opie and Anthony 107 WNEW Well what's up Anthony? Hey man, the O&H show Yes it is It's a great day Anthony Beautiful day We were talking about this yesterday Celine Dion, she's retiring Stop, don't even talk about it Opie I should also go Yes Celine Which is a complete joke, she's going to go away for two years And then she's going to come back, she's going to be bigger and better than ever For all those fat housewives Her big comeback She'll have her big comeback, she's not retiring forever, she's too young There's nothing else she's going to do No, she's going to try to start a family Yeah, she'll be back So Oprah Winfrey made a huge deal about this Oh, oh stop Was it yesterday? On yesterday's show they had Celine Dion I hate this song This is dedicated to the people of the Titanic All of those who perished The icy waters of the North Atlantic I send this song out to all the people And to the survivors Those who were able to live on with their lives After the great ship went down You stole another bit from me you bastard Yeah, that's all been said, I'm sorry I didn't see that one, I don't see many, come on The brave people who could survive the icy waters of the North Atlantic In their boats watching the mighty Titanic Slowly slip beneath the surface of the water This song goes out to them The survivors But she sings perfectly Her voice is all f'd up but she sings perfectly Perfect English Listen to her Anyway, do we have the letter from the Oprah Winfrey show? Yeah, where is it? Please So here it is, it was a tear fest on Oprah yesterday And they read this letter from this guy Well, we're going to mock this guy So I want to say in advance that he's okay now Yeah, he's okay, it's just I mean I don't care what you got I'm sorry about that but you sound like the biggest pussy in the world This guy does sound like the biggest pussy in the world And during the cry fest they had this guy read his letter that he sent to Celine We've received a lot of mail from viewers who've been moved by Celine's music Brian Cluse was watching our show the last time Celine was here And wrote us this letter, take a look Dear Oprah I'm sitting in my hospital room going through a bone marrow transplant for lymphoma I'm a grown man crying After watching Celine Dion sing the theme to Titanic on your show I thought about Celine in one of your previous shows And fell in love with her music, voice and great attitude for life and family At that time I was just diagnosed with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma Hearing Celine sing some of her songs had me balling Her song, Because You Love Me, couldn't have hit home more perfectly About the way I feel about my wife, Kathy Listening to the song, wasn't sure where my future was going I didn't know how I was going to survive the cancer and fight it and things like that It just really hit home After the show I went right out and bought the CD and gave it to my wife To this day Kathy and I can't listen to the song Because You Love Me without crying Kathy is my strong, loving woman, special lady in my heart and soul I couldn't imagine a day without her, she's everything to me Ryan and Kathy, we thought your letter was sweet We wanted to do something special for you So, you're going to her final performance Look at that! Listen to her opera I am so happy for you guys, thank you You're going to be there for the final performance Unbelievable I gotta jump in there God forbid I was, you know, at a cancer scare Anthony God forbid, really? And you know, like this guy, he decided he needs to go see Celine Dion You know what would be better than that? Being able to watch Oprah at Sunday brunch That's what you want to say If I had my choice If I had my choice, Anthony Went through all the chemo, you know, my hair is in patches all over my head Am I going to see Celine Dion sing the Titanic song? No! I want to see Oprah Winfrey at Sunday brunch That's what I know Oprah cares I want to see Celine Oh, more Celine, I don't want I want to be home and do some cooking and stay home and have no schedule and no pressure And say, let's go for a picnic and drive my own car and pick my own tomatoes And give myself a frontal wedgie every day I want to see Oprah at Sunday brunch I want to see Oprah at Sunday brunch Pick my own tomatoes and give myself a frontal wedgie every day Looks like I have ass in the front Buy some new yo-yos for the front of my pants My pants sink deeper than the Titanic In the front A crevice in the front when I wear my jump pants That is deeper than the crevice made by the iceberg in the mighty bow of the Titanic It actually looks like I was straddling the iceberg and the bow of the Titanic struck me right in my camel toe That's what made this big gully When I wear my tight jumpsuit You see my tight jumpsuit and my pelvis bones that jet out? I am the iceberg The Titanic slammed into my crotch at approximately 12 knots The man in the cross-nest yelled Camel toe, dead ahead But the mighty Titanic could not stop It hit my groin at 12 knots Ripping open many watertight compartments And leaving me with a hatchet wound unlike no other This goes out to the survivors Who before they sank Before they got into their lifeboats Were able to take one last look In the lights of the distress flares And see my camel toe The camel toe that brought down the mighty Titanic on her maiden voyage Can you believe it? Who thought a gas could bring down a mighty ocean liner like the Titanic? They called it unsinkable Hustling, how many people lost their lives in your crotch? I believe it was 750 people died because of my camel toe If you look some nights when I am in concert with my tight jumpsuit You can see on each die And anchor wounds Now I know why Leonardo DiCaprio's face was blue It was from the smell Hold on Jack They shipped off unsinkable and iceberg proof food not to be And they were able to get the ship out of the water And they were able to get the ship out of the water Who thought unsinkable and iceberg proof food not to be camel toe proof? The yo-yo I smuggled could take down the Queen Mary But test goes out to the survivors Those who are able to live on and make their dreams come true And get the nightmarish image of my groin out of their head forever I am quitting show business Fred Anthony has a serious future as a Celine Dion impersonator When you say the words survivor This song is dedicated to the Titanic and its fearless crew and passengers Not just those that perished in the icy waters of the North Atlantic But also to the survivors Alright Fred, that's funny God damn is that funny I don't even care if anyone else is laughing That's some top shelf stuff right there That's where it's at Alright because of that Celine Dion bit That went on for 20 minutes We have to go to commercials again A commercial break We apologize I am not going to sing anymore Opie, Anthony if I may just cut in for a moment Of course you know I am ending my singing career Yeah I have made people very happy with my voice But I am stopping for a time so I may do other things These things that I am doing will help people also I am going to be hired by the National Baseball Association Oh yeah why? Yes, baseball will need me to model the new catcher's mitt out of my private area Because it looks like I have a catcher's mitt down the front of my jumpsuit And of course look for me at high schools as the bicycle rack I will be appearing on the next Fox special with Robbie Knievel Oh really? Yes, he is going to jump my mighty hatchet wound You have seen him many times try to jump school buses and what not This is the most dangerous jump of them all I believe it would be a brand new world record Yes from Libya to Libya Okay thank you Very difficult Alright thank you Celine And I will be doing a new movie A new movie? Yes, Celine will be in the new Batman movie Oh yeah? My genitals will be the new Batcave Oh my god Shut up, shut up, turn it off, turn it off Oh brother It's the worst of Obi and Antony Markham This is horrible He just blows, I don't believe that jump 107.720.0 He can't seem to stay out of the way We got channel 2 news on Got a megaphone and something to sing There's Mark, there's Mark Causing trouble on CBS 2 With the hugest wows on TV Monster Kramer is a tight ass crew This is like interactive TV Take a mom He's a freak There he is It's a huge disaster Move over, move over What happened Mark? What happened Mark? Some CBS guy just dropped his phone You look like a stock-raising lunatic You boys can't be doing that What the hell you boys are interrupting our own new broadcast For god's sake You know we're going to get in trouble by the company Yeah I know Take on my hunks He's a freak Just whip him out, whip him out Mark the Craver, she's very mad at me You tell her go to our boss More or not, I'm hanging out If you should be allowed to do your job I should be allowed to do mine I almost pissed in my pants That was the funniest thing I've seen in a very very long time Mark I got one question for you How do you walk around with that check you guys? What do you like, walk around like John Wayne? Swain like? Yeah I just want to know guys When is the farewell show going to be? That's why you're going to listen every day This could be it right here today You never know Tom Brokaw filling in for Matt Lauer on the Today Show And the story goes they had Ted Williams on What? Via satellite from home in Florida or wherever he's living now And they were getting his comments about Joe DiMaggio His career and his life and stuff Because Yogi was busy that day Like Yogi made the rounds to every show Talking about it but they got Ted And then I guess they talked to Ted for a few minutes And then they had Bob Costas on the couch And they were talking to Bob And they go back to Ted Williams twice And he was out cold They put the camera back on him and he's just sleeping Is that horrible? You know to his credit though It was Tom Brokaw So maybe he lulled him to sleep with his boredom His boring monotone rant Hello? Yeah Tom Brokaw NBC Nightly and here is How are you boy? Good Well I'm getting a lot of press today And I'm making the circuit for all the shows Because of my exclusive interview With Ted Williams Baseball great Ted Williams Tom, Tom, Tom You're filling in for Matt Lauer on the Today Show I must say Matt Lauer Yes I'm filling in for Matt Lauer Lauer Lauer, Lauer, Lauer, Lauer Can you say Katie Keurig said? Katie Keurig Katie Keurig and Matt Lauer Tom Brokaw NBC Nightly and here is Filling in for Matt Lauer Matt Lauer Matt Lauer That's what I said Alright well yeah everyone is talking about your interview with Ted Williams Exclusive interview with Ted Williams Speaking about the great Joe's Marvel Well it wasn't an exclusive because you had Exclusive It wasn't an exclusive because you had him on the show this morning It was an exclusive big huge story because Ted Williams fell asleep while you were talking to him today I don't understand why Ted would doze in the middle of an interview with me Tom Brokaw from NBC Nightly News You put a lot of people to sleep with that voice Tom Yeah sometimes as I'm speaking I even Give my Tom, Tom Tom Brokaw from NBC Nightly News Hello Why do you sound extra drowsy today? Well I was taking a ferry over to the office today And the old drama man made me drowsy But yes I was speaking with Ted Williams Ted Williams William And he fell asleep during my interview That was a nap fest yesterday Yes it was And there's a pretty funny picture of Ted Williams asleep in the post today It wasn't too funny when you're doing the interview So I'm sober at the monitor and see Ted Williams Soaring as I am doing an in-depth interview Very articulate very honorable interview And all of a sudden I gaze at the monitor and he's smoothing Now you've been in this business a long time what do you do to get out of it? I do what I always do I along it I just break formats I wing it I'm a wild man Crazy cookie Tom Brokaw I'm the life of the party Now you had him on the satellite right? Let's get to the bottom of this story You had him on the satellite Yes he was at his home You had him on the show because of Joe DeMange Talking about the great number five Joe DeMange Who? Joe DeMange Joe DeMange Yes the great Yankee Clipper Clipper Clipper that's what I said Clipper yes Clipper Okay so you're talking to him Stop making fun of me Via satellite Bloody bloody henton Baby talk baby talk it's the one that you can want Can you do seashells? By those means Yes I was speaking to him and all of a sudden I look at the monitor and he's jolting How could you fall asleep with the excitement of Tom Brokaw going on on your monitor at home? Well what happened was you had him on the satellite you talked to him for a little while Then you had Bob Costas live in the studio right? Bob Costas a wonderful, well hard cast He's the worst broadcaster He's wild I'll talk to that another day But anyway so you had Costas on the couch you talked to him for a little while Then you went back to Ted Williams and he was out cold Ted Williams was asleep in the wheel Alright now you have the audio of this you want to play it for our listeners? Yes if we could Here it is Okay Ted we're with you to speak about your days with the baseball craze Gildemagio how was it to play in a baseball with a man such as Gildemagio Look right at number 5 His 56th game hitting streak He's done beaten Ted Ted if you can just stir up an answer I would be very grateful You of course teammates Yes it was a little embarrassing Yes it's your sound tonight Could you believe he fell asleep while facing the charisma of Tom Brokaw I can't imagine that Tom our listeners are driving off the road right now listening How could anyone doze as they're with snakes Tom Tom Ted Williams we're with Ted Williams Ted you were a legend as was Gildemagio Ted did someone please tap Ted on the shoulder He seems a little lousy Ted this is Tom Brokaw filling in for about an hour on the Today Show Oh what a magic It was awful how he fell asleep The last time I was that embarrassed as I said when Fidel Castro fell asleep during an interview with me And his fuzzy little head fell into Tom Brokaw's lap And got stuck in my zipper He woke up he thought he was still smoking his cigar And that was no cigar It all started an international incident Thank God there were no photographers present Now back to your interview with Ted Williams Ted Williams the baseball game Ted as I recall back in 1942 You faced Gildemagio Ted Ted Why isn't Costa waking Ted Ted Ted were on the air live on the Today Show as I fell in for about an hour Where's Katie Clue Katie Clue has not gone Alright that's time before you leave You gotta pronounce the hardest word for you to pronounce You may remember an episode of Leon Klinghoffer Being flown overboard in a terrorist event on the ship Oh boy here it comes The hijacked cruiser The Achilles Worm The Achilles Worm Leon Klinghoffer And the Achilles Worm Achilles Tom Brokaw NBC Nightly News You have a tough time with the name Monica Lewinsky as well Coincidentally enough I sound much like Monica did during the act Monica Lewinsky Boy could you imagine if Monica Lewinsky was only a killer novel I'd have to have the night off A lot of times my own voice Now Tom I got Tom Tom Hello Tom Brokaw NBC Nightly News Can we hear a little more audio of your interview with Ted Williams Yes maybe we can find out the part where he fell asleep Alright Ted you were a great player in the game Of course you can elaborate on playing with the game of Joe and Joe DiMaggio Full number 5, 36 games hitting streak Ted if you can tell me Joe said That's always happened to me Tom Brokaw, NBC Nightly News Wow he put him, him and Ted to sleep Wow very nice The worst from Opie and Anthony 1027 WNEW Alright what's happening everybody this is Rick The producer of the Opie and Anthony show The guys as you by well know by now They are on vacation till Monday they will be back ready to rock on Monday So in the meantime we're taking care of the worst of all this week We still got three awesome days of worst of material to go through If you got any suggestions 212-757-1027 Stinky is man in the bones Or you can call or you can fax it in at 212-957-WNEW Also the instant feedback is working I'm going through it taking your suggestions off We've got suggestions for Mike Tyson coming up later in the show Adam Ferrara, Jim Brewer, Reverend Al all on the way In the meantime one of the guys or I should say Opie's favorite singers Ricky Martin is the next topic of discussion So hang back, relax and get ready as we continue on with the worst of Opie and Anthony Today we are stuck with the worst of Opie and Anthony 1027-WNEW The guys, we're going to say Ricky Martin a little bit Literally seems like everyone else has With his new head of fire Yeah Yeah, flaming homo Hair of shocking white Sweet Phil, you're the best addition Black captain, blue dog I feel criminalization That girl's gonna make me fall Girl, girl, who you getting out? Sweet Phil, you sensation I'm getting a little crazy She's got a new addiction For every day and night She makes you think you're going to make your chance in the train She makes you miss the place in life She's just a way to make you Put it to your brain I'm dying inside out Living to be dialogue kind Hey Ricky, why are you pulling your pants down in front of the fast? Living la vida homo Crucifix Welcome to New York City In the funky hotel Open my heart and say my name I'm the sweetest in the field You're the best of the best I'm the best of the best I'm the best of the best I'm the best of the best I'm the best of the best Living la vida homo Crucifix Living la vida loco Living la vida homo The skin's a color of mocha Living la vida homo Crucifix Living la vida homo Living la vida homo You're going to lose it It's going to make you puke You see your stuff Hello, how are you guys? Thanks for joining us I'm the sweetest in the field Living la vida homo Crucifix Living la vida homo Thanks for joining us I'm the sweetest in the field Living la vida homo Crucifix Living la vida homo The skin's a color of mocha I have no idea about his sexual persuasion but we can speculate whatever we please We have no clue, he's like a robin and likes to pull worms out of the ground No idea So let's say that right off the top here Well it seems Ricky Martin spent New Year's Day in Miami Beach Ok, that's the first red flag Ok Ok, he's in Miami Beach I want to count the red flags Alright Miami Beach, near as Eve, 1 Looking like Goldilocks Ok He bleached his hair It's white It's not bleach How many of your pals do you know, Ant? It's the new bleach in the pump dispenser Ok How many of your pals bleached their hair? Oh my god, let's see, there was none Alright, so that's 2 Yeah, he dyed his hair Oh, his representative, his little rep people He dyed his hair just before Christmas Just for fun He shit for a goof You know, gigging That's what I do for a goof You do that for fun, why not? You don't maybe, I don't know Pop in a Playstation game up Or bang abroad Bang abroad You know, some fun Maybe go out for a few drinks I'm thinking fun, I'm thinking banging abroad Sure Not dyeing my hair blonde Not going to the salon The little hair care place And having somebody bleach your hair Right Blonde, for fun In Miami Beach Alright, let's see, he'd been on a 2 week trip With 2 friends to India Alright, well we don't know who these 2 friends are They went to India? That's a surprise because they don't eat meat in India Well those 2 did So that's 3 red flags? 3, yeah Return to the United States, you had it It's been easy for Miami And I think the jet ski Was a Christmas present from someone So they'd been jet skiing They, a buddy Let's see, Ricky Martin Accompanied by a buddy and his pet Labrador Sond themselves Sond themselves? Hey, wait, I gotta stop you How long have I known you? Oh my god, years now How many times have we gone sonning together? Geez, can I have a moment to count? The amount of times we've spent sonning Sonning Do you call up your buddy And say, hey, Joe Wanna go sonning? Wanna do some sonning? No They've never sonned That's 4 red flags Sonning themselves before And listen closely Before jumping on a jet ski To tool around the bay Okay, listen That's 5 red flags Now Ant, once again I have to ask you We've known each other a long time You love jet skiing I own my own Seedoo watercraft The two seat version The one with the big seat Where somebody can sit on the back If they damn well please How many times have we Gone jet skiing on the same jet ski together? Never ever ever ever ever ever Never ever Never ever Never ever First of all, what are you gonna hold on to? Like the whole gag When you get a girl on the back And she's got a candle up front You know? Hold on tight Gonna jump some waves over here You better hold on Gonna try to blow your bikini top off When I go through this boat wake You know? Little tricks, I just couldn't imagine playing on the opster Hanging on the back of the jet ski You know what I mean? It just wasn't gonna happen Sharing a jet ski With his buddy And on the looks though, I don't know They could not have found a more gay picture Of this man to put in the daily news No it's funny about that whole picture too Let me take a look They're having like some kind of little fight Like a little moment Or something, cause he seems a little miffed Yeah like Ricky with his cute little blonde hair I wanna ride the jet ski next And you sit in the back He's pouting And his friend is kinda like behind him Kinda like talking to him And he's like, I wanna move things over And when I'm bummed about the radio show Will we ever find a picture of us like that In the paper? I don't think you could ever find a moment like that With us You're bummed about the show? I'm like, I'll go down and get some beer Problem solved We feel much better about things Sure No, let's get Ricky's all pouty I wanna drive! You're always driving Woo! Yeah, let's go, buddy! Woo! I'll give you a little bit of a feelin' Like a black cat and a blue dog I'll give you a little bit of a combination That girl's gonna make me fall I'll give you a little bit of a feelin' Like a new sensation I'm like a new fix In the candlelight She's right You're a chicken For every day and night I'm gonna dance till the day And make you live a crazy life Yeah, Ricky! Go where you're heading You're going after your brain I'm gonna beat the night low And I'm gonna stand on my own And I'm gonna be a star I'll be a star I'll be a star And the genes color of all kinds And I'll be the star And the genes color of all kinds exactly like ricky martin now well if you remember the time john stewart came in there was a whole controversy how uh... sandy wanted you to get a ricky martin hair do right i guess uh... he heard it but we can tell what his hair style is like in this because it's been passed back from the from that's key from the jizz on the but i think that what it was a little bit now he had that bleached blonde hair out yes and uh... please fly and and and and i don't have a choice this is what i was born with that you know when you start dying your hair you know please belong to it's for fun well you know i thought i'm not going to run back to you know if you will believe you know you could be a bully smugly like uh... you know breaks i've just bought nice guy a dime your day guy yeah i was a problem i'm wondering why you guys are so homophobic where's the matter freaky martin's case i'll tell you why it matters why is anything in the songs uh... about guys yeah career would be over well i would say i don't know what what we can talk about it but i a m i being silent is fine his case is not going to get out of the end and he's thinking about banging chicks you know it's because he has to know i'm career i don't care that he's gay but i what i care i can't get on because he's gay and i think i am more ranking on that he's been out and we don't know for sure but i'm ranking on the fact that he's singing about girls and it seems like he doesn't really know much about women yet okay and i have a problem with that yes who's going to buy a record that they've been always thinking to god all you get a guy all you get guys will be so happy that he came out of uh... the closet if he is gay and uh... i don't i haven't even bought his record i don't like it music is a great looking guy you have to do that honestly if he is gay i i feel i feel sorry for you know i mean you can't you see it now you know we want to make it so bad that uh... we're gonna sing uh... you know if it was popular sing about guys also and we've had a record out saying about guys kids uh... right that's the only way we couldn't you know make it screw that i understand that but it just seems like you're right to report by the top situation is probably got managers and p are people tell them you know i'm laughing i'm laughing i'm laughing he's got the uh... he's got the the worst of both worlds is what he's got he's probably so happy but the camera for this guy's facing flashes that big smile he's talking about how great everything is how wonderful and you know he's probably miserable he probably can't get he can't get the hot beef injection in public because he's gotta make it like uh... like he likes checks and all those crazy port-a-rikin girls jumping around loving him he can't be they all interview me when it comes to the garden stuff to get the cameras down there by the police line and i think that you are going to be happy about that he's going to be he's going to be i would like to know if you have a lot of time that you want you know that the what we're going to have a people like you make it hard you're off to the hatred of now people like us don't make it hard but this guy in the picture with the people all right come on uh... this guy company a friend honestly let me think about that gay friends in i don't think so i had a home run we talked about that i would have a problem having a gay friend i have a problem with people being fake it's not being taken it is it's having a hard one that you know it's like that's not what is our he had a high toward june well it's not worth it well i think i was a not worth he wants to be that famous that he's going to hide and and sing about women if you were gay or one of your day would you be out on the radio and be a gay anthony and i don't think that i think that day anthony shall without being you are not really going to have an end well while you're on to us that's why we take so much time off or two days that we can't get out of the bedroom on that day yeah i'd i'd be out because i'd be a bang in their guys all night tonight about it you know you'd be fighting a pillow and i'd be pulling your head on i don't think that i have my fight your your type what's your time anything with a swing uh... see you guys that's great out come on we know how we talk about stereotypes everything else and then we get to stereotype that gay guys will screw anything and you go crazy well straight guys will shoot any screw anything to tell you guys but the but that's a guy on the front of the there's a trick that's the trick times a straight guy at the final girl you get guys about the need to have a good one screw up a why not whether you can't say he had you know he's horny well as i have a thing about the two another guy who's horny that's why i'm saying gay guys probably have more sex than straight guys and i was last time that you got a piece i have a steady relationship for a half-year welcome graduation was the last time you are you uh... bone saturday picture catcher you know what do you do all of both little of all that the best of both worlds who and let me tell you what i do you know there's the both worlds you're in a scenario that's the only world involved in come on guys uh... people i you know i think it's funny to say you know something you get guys got to figure this out if you want to just because we uh... think it's funny and stuff doesn't mean we hate you and we're on the road to bashing and stuff like that but you've got to admit to to a straight guy gay sex the funny is happening now but just like i mean and and and how do you know how do you look at mad as and go wow i want to say i need some of that and i get back to you know i am one of the government well that's good that's good and i don't want done so i heard there are some women yeah you're right now you're going to have to put that in for you don't like rolling a guy over and looking at that big harry thing is is is is better than all woman's uh... the snatch but i think that's what you are and you know i didn't have to be this way i am didn't ask one i didn't ask uh... this way it's what i want when did you know now in the team and finally admitted it but i mean you can look at it like i'd really i'd really need to understand this okay here here here at the gym let's say you're in the shower and there's a guy next to you with the hair is the best you honestly get turned on by that i don't go wolfman like guys is all different kind of you know he likes that girl most hairless i think most guys have a very as though right we checked after that i'll see you this guy get out of here but i don't think i'm person for a half-year so i haven't seen one really have years and yet how long you've been together with your partner too long will well that's a really good group equal fun everybody but it just seemed like well i would have been good that you get these calls from the from the idiot that wasn't here some of them that are idiots and they just want to take what you say and then use that as an excuse to hate gay people in bashed all hate see it's not a hate you don't you're mistaken to do you know are and fun for hatred and i i mean if you're a faithful as a show you don't hear the our voices and don't hate a people like to get some funny as a child think it's some funny stuff though it's a little bit and it's real we have with the word very real on this radio show when i got a ticket i know you're real alright i'm saying some of your listeners interpret what you're saying you that's an excuse to hate well we can only have to make a problem that's the right let's go beat up a few bags i have an announcement of the athlete loved gay people we're coming out where gay and loving it on you guys body i like you guys i listen to you every day but where here you got a clear where it was a good news to us we're here where clear where fabulous get used to it here where fabulous where where both of you to the gay community thank you with open legs we welcome you and thank you right now i have the tradition of the greeting and and that tommy from uh... statin island says gay guys don't have harry asses because the friction of the other fax on the rubbing on it makes it disappear is that true and that could be true uh... some guys shave their asses coshier x uh... well thank you don't have a good talk not another you suck thank you very much thank you for the setup i needed a right now i think the people the people the people the people the people the the the the the the the the the the the the the the on he did by the the the things uh... the I'll take them. It's gonna make you puke! We see your stuff. We see your stuff. Beautiful little girl. Come on! So easy to entertain us, isn't it? Like we said kids, part equals fun. Doesn't matter how old you are. You can be eight or in your thirties. It doesn't matter. Part equals fun. Good afternoon. In the studio today our pal Jim Brewer. Who used to be on Saturday Night Live. Until he got fired. Fired? You're sick and tired of your antics Brewer. The goat thing is stupid. Juppeschi sucks. They fire you and Tim Meadows continues to get work on that show. I don't get it. I have to say that. I have to say that for my pal Jim Brewer, man. I don't think that guy has ever gotten through a skit without fumbling a line. He's loving something in there. We were laughing the other day. It was like the third word in got all f'd up. But god damn! We play the Tim Meadows game. See how long it takes for him to flub. Three words. Jim's like not saying a word. Also he's drinking his little hot cocoa. Hey, is there a hole for me to find? Well, I'm just stating the obvious. I appreciate it. If you were drunk right now, you'd appreciate it. Oh man, if I was drunk and had my pants off trying to fart Yankee Doodle. Come on, let's go, Vlad Bordman. Get on all fours. Where's Spats? You hunky-dunky. Jim, I got a present for you. Yeah, let me see this. This is for you. Oh, this is great. Look at that. Yeah, that's top of the line. I gotta be honest. I always wanted to... Try it? Not try it, but see it in person. For those of you at home, it's a cake. Where did you get this from? Wow, it's got one of these too. Authentic Greek feature, they call it. No, no, I know. Every guy does that. He jams his fingers in every hole in the thing. And he goes, did anyone use this, man? I feel like I'm a little late for asking. Oh my God, he's mounting it. Time's been tough. And it also comes with a bottle of Ducks all-purpose lube. Yeah, it's a batch, man. Yeah, it's a fake rubber one. Did you see that HBO? How they make these things? Yes. I saw that. Real sex? Yes. With the Chinese women putting little hairs in one at a time? Yes, and it's like five, six grand, you get a whole doll. And one guy ordered and he had a Menage-a-Trois. Yeah, with his real chick. With his real chick and a doll. And a doll. What are you? I saw that. What's wrong with you, man? Like he's feeling up the doll and his real chick is right there. Let's try something new. Try a finger in the buttocks or something. He's slumping rubber. Yeah, and he's got a real girl right there. I saw that one. That's interesting. It has a disclaimer on the box. Do not attempt to warm this product in a microwave or conventional oven. Conventional oven. Let me see the cover for it. Slide it in the oven. Yeah, it looks just like her. Wow. It was molded on her. It was just molded on her. Found her in a dry trunk. Found her in a dumpster. It was a semblance of outstanding. Now if you can't afford that, we have just the bunnies. That's what we're talking about. I don't see what's funny. We worked very hard for this. I haven't seen you really dig in yet. Yeah, give it a try. Give it a diddle. We want to know what you think. It hasn't been used, we swear. That's pretty good. Isn't that pretty fun? Yeah. Come on, you dirty bird. You want a play? You want a play? Let's get her on board. What are you crazy? What are you crazy? Oh my God, laying the left hand into that rubber snatch. No, it's nice though. She is a real blonde. Oh, yeah. It is interesting. Did you see the gas light? Let's see. Wow, very interesting. Look at that thing, the gas light. Where's the? It's the flesh light. The flesh light. Oh my God. Feel that. What if it happened to just pillows? You know when you just get medieval. The chick is gone for a little while. You haven't done it for a while. You've been arguing for like, I am freaking tired of cleaning up after you. It's a jacket. I'm walking on Ohio. What's the big deal? Why can't you just walk in and put it in the closet? Because it's my house. God. As soon as they leave, you just take a pillow, fold the corners together, make all the other pillows and watch. That's right. You're next. Then you have some beers, come back and do the fat pillow. did i thought i looked at the statement that it got a lot of bill Dwyer has gone out's i've bou martyr says temporary id uh... Islamic mon what's going on alright what's going on put it down we got something right here pal my gut is going to be trying to drop the vagina drop it this one's got like little dirty yes it certainly is dirty sex and it's picking in the hot chocolate that's my kind of love it you did it again the way you punch those things is a little scary there let me see that one it is dirty it's dirty man eww god why did it fall on the floor it smells like vanilla and coconut smells like um potpourri on a nice sunday afternoon premix, premix, you're disposable yes i'm looking for a joke let me get my tonight i can't find how you clean ones alright you know what you can use this for? like practice pitching stick this against the backstab shoo bing bing bing swatting the dango stroke them out hey rick show them the candy too oh you got a whole bunch of he went to grab it out do you know our own rick the producer was sitting there last year just munching away on a big chocolate penis without even a care and we look at him and go do you understand what you're eating and he's like it's chocolate yeah but it's a big chocolate penis truer was all excited about the candy and then he realized what it was he was like oh man he's just like going to town the whole time i was eyeing the chocolate pretzel there's a pretzel stick and i'm going man i'm going to tear that out now that's just the irish one and then i saw this and i went that's not a pretzel no this is a pretzel i don't know what that is it's a pretzel sure it is it's the dirty after tell yourself one player that's going to be in the whole game this is an outrage this is ridiculous and i don't care for it my friends i don't appreciate them fort maz just good fun oh man what do you think about the chocolate penis pretzels good i'm not too she like it oh my god he's sexually assaulting the rubber badge with the chocolate pretzel penis it's like a clam smoking a cigar the oh my god only sexually assaulting the rubber the secret lost and found anyone is there i've got some of the death of anyone with the rubber vagina better yet i'm going to keep it here better yet bring that in for show and tell i found it in my daddy's closet along with some crazy videos yeah man tell your kid i got a little kid teacher talk to your kids when they're like six or seven about sex i'm telling you because i know the two of you including myself you know the way you learn you know how to learn on the streets you know what i learned from dear mcdeegan and he had like three older brothers right egan you know irish catholic not going to crap at each other on a sunday afternoon get out of your clothes dear mcdeegan get out of the mud you just came by from church come eat your cake or something stop it dear mcdeegan dear mcdeegan man he grabbed me side and you know i'm like this fag i was 82 in kindergarten 82? i swear to god it was 82 in kindergarten i never forget because there was a kid on a bike and he was around second third grade and he was riding and looking at me and he went yo man how much you weight? you're gonna kill me no i'm not gonna tell you how much you weight he went 82 and he went holy shit riding on his bike you're gonna weigh 82 so anyway dear mcdeegan told me my brother vincent dear mcdeegan was always drooling he was always drooling he was the retard on a block and he drooled dear mcdeegan you're the sickest guy in the bc shut up dear mcdeegan shut up so anyway dear mcdeegan goes my brother vincent told me he told me how people are babies you're gonna pee in her and then you're gonna pee in it that's how i learned about it i'm like 7 years old running after little girls if you don't stop on a pin you're gonna give me a baby yeah like in first grade i guess it was first grade i used to think you had to grab a woman and do it in the back door to get her pregnant and you needed a rubber to get a girl pregnant because that had the stuff on it that went it's first grade people i didn't hear of a rubber until i was like really? two years ago the worst sir of opi and anthony it is opi and anthony hello how are you guys thanks for joining us we're cracking each other up as the music's playing oh my god unfortunately we can't say the stuff on the air you ever just say the most politically incorrect thing in the world just to shock your friends where they look at you and go oh my god you can't say that it's like when someone turns to you and goes you can't say that it's like you're just there what? deja vu it's exactly what i said yesterday when i was trying to explain myself about the you know bills dead phone call there are times you're hanging out with your pals and you'll like you just said you'll say something to really shock them yeah but that's saying something amongst your friends not dragging in a poor innocent bystander if you sit let's say we were all sitting here in the studio and we made some kind of ethnically disparaging remark opi which we just did i'm not saying we did that let's just say we did um yeah it was funny see the difference is we're all shocked and then laugh at how outrageous it is why is that different than inviting a person of that ethnic background in the studio and then saying it alright see that's the same thing as you with your phone call look at reverend al sticking his head in the door we weren't talking about your people oh no we weren't talking about your people it was someone else what remark was made? i demand an investigation i demand an inquiry into what goes on behind the scenes of the obi and anthony show it's bad enough to listen to the outrageous remarks of you two on there now you say you're making ethnically disparaging remarks off there but it wasn't about your people so that's okay right? i am outraged i'm sure it was about my people no no it wasn't i am positive no it wasn't this is just like the louima case what goes on behind closed doors i feel violated and i want vindication i am outraged you can tell how outraged i am by going to my website reverendal.com where you can tell all the happenings of reverend al be sure you click on my banners i get a penny of pop i need money to wear these almighty suits when i don't have a job and for your entertainment i also have a couple of fun little computer games you can play on the reverendal website here's another one called march through new york city watch here goes reverendal marching uh oh here comes the police oh the reverendal didn't make it to the final destination the palo theater what are you to be fun? all right reverend we weren't talking about your people though right? i am outraged get out of here who were you making disparaging remarks about? um the asians oh that's okay i got a good one remember now ladies and gentlemen there he goes remember now big fat ass ass hey uh while we're on this asian jokes while we're on this racial topic uh tamar on the instant feedback tamar from brooklyn she's been i assume it's a female she's been uh emailing me uh the last couple days uh and she writes in the instant feedback again question for the opi for the sexy opi what's up with you saying you want a black girl before you get married wouldn't you marry one if she made you happy i don't get it help me understand you love you guys that's an interesting point but want to understand what you mean well it's uh it's an interesting point one of my uh fantasies fetishes if you will to be with a black lady before i get married really? and i say it that way because most likely i'm gonna marry a Puerto Rican so i'm not putting down the black race you want to um enjoy the pleasures of a black woman before i marry before you marry a Puerto Rican and and she was saying how come you've written off marrying a black woman because most likely i'm gonna be marrying a Puerto Rican oh okay all dirty? no the same part is this is the truth so so sad about that you don't look like an ethnically diverse person you don't really look like the type of you look like you should be marrying the man i'll tell you one thing at least going out with the girl that's the high school homecoming queen and and harbor fields you know well instead if i marry sandy and we have kids they're gonna pop out like carrot top with her wild nappy hair and my red features why is it nappy hair? i don't know if sandy would appreciate you saying she has nappy hair with those banana curls of hers our kids are gonna look like they're plantain curls they're gonna look like carrot tops sandy has lovely hair yes she does i don't know what you're saying oh my god what it's a little nappy at times she'll give me that one you guys are like west side story tonight tonight forget that boy and find another one of your own kind stick to your own kind but to answer your question tomorrow a boy like that will kill your brother forget that boy and find another but i hope that answered her question if i was still sick the jets are gonna the way to nought you are but if i was still sick you got your little maria maria sandy i just met a girl and then like her family and friends could get the gang together and you could get yours and they could rumble yeah that'd be fun no Well, I'm looking at a paper here and I see Mohammed Ali's daughter. She's fighting. Yeah, but she's never fought before. No, it's her first fight. I think she just took up fighting too, less than a year ago. Yeah. She's 21. Very proud of her dad, of course, who has been working with her and supporting her. Ali, former great, the greatest, as they call them, kind of a little different since Parkinson's disease has taken over after so many punches to the head. I am the greatest. I'd just like to know how he's training. You think he's in there sparring with her? Oh, Aunt. Do you think? Aunt. Come on, Ali. Yeah, I'll put him up on rope-a-dope. Oh, boy, you slipped that one through. I bet you can't get in the hole. That kind of left a mark. Decon fog on. Kills roachy. Oh, my goodness. Baby, you got to stop. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You got to stop hitting your papa. Now I'll perform the rope-a-dope. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, baby. Boy, if I had any sense left, you'd just beat it out of me. Oh, oh, oh, oh, the body blows. It's hurting me. Oh, one to the face. Maybe my reflexes ain't quite as sharp as they used to be since I did the decon fog on, and they lock me in the room with some of the bug sprays, baby. Oh, that one was in the nut sack. Oh, you knocked your papa. That's wrong. Well, it's not as quick as it used to be. Give me the bell. Oh, what round, what round is it? Okay, I'll come out fighting. Oh, baby, you got to stop hitting your papa in the face like, oh, god, there. Oh, baby, oh, the body blows. It's killing your daddy. I float like a cinder block and sting like foam rubber. And oh, that was my jaw, baby. The thriller in vanilla. All right, cut it out. Oh, you got it. I loved Ali growing up. This is wrong. Where's Smolder and Joe Frazier? Oh, boy, I feel a little woozy. The work of Opie and X-Men. That doesn't sound so bad. The sex man from wall to wall. 1027WNEW. I wish I could have heard the rest of the day man fanning on Saturday. Well, listen, man, it wasn't my idea. I went to Extra Innings and that's right about the time that we pulled up to the pumpkin farm. Did you do it again this year? Look, I understand. I am like opening up a can of worms here. I'm not stupid, but we're pretty honest on this show. So, oh, yeah, I drove out east on the island to get the pumpkins, Anthony. You did a little pumpkin patch picking? Oh, yeah, with Sandy. Did you have a little wagon? A lot of the cars going out to... Wait a minute. A lot of the cars that you see on the LIE going out east, they have their own little pumpkin wagons that they tie to the top of their SUVs or station wagons. And you could pull your own little pumpkin wagon through the pumpkin patch as you pick your own pumpkins. So that's what you were doing this weekend, huh? I will never understand women, ever. So I agreed to do the pumpkin picking again. Shut up! Dick. Don't laugh too hard. The shock feature in that wedding ring is quite funny there, Rick. When she hits the button at home and it's like a stun gun. All right, listen. I don't understand. I just don't understand you women. So I agreed to go pumpkin picking, okay? And if you know anything about the island, I'm sure it's like this for Jersey and Pennsylvania and Westchester, whatever. You have to drive out to the wilderness a little bit. It's part of the experience, I guess, right? I know. Okay. So we're on the North Fork of Long Island. And you know, farm stand after farm stand, farm field after farm field is nothing but pumpkins. Okay? So I drive about, I would say, a good hour from my house, Anthony. Anthony, wouldn't you think that's far enough into the wilderness? Of course, when you're going east from Long Island. Oh, no, it wasn't far enough. I'm like, they're picking pumpkins right here. Because I'm thinking I could get home and watch the end of the Met game. I have it on on FAG or whatever. Station carries the Met. That's funny. Got a pumpkin picking on my game? Game's real interesting. And I'm like, okay, look, if I figure this out perfectly, we can get the pumpkin picking out of the way. I can drink some stupid cider, run through a damn corn maze and I'm home on the couch. The corn maze. I did not do the corn maze. The corn maze. I forgot last year you had to go through the corn maze. Oh, boy, just like that Shining, isn't it? Right. Just like the hedge maze. So this is my... To see through the corn. This is my problem. So now it wasn't good enough. Oh, no, let's keep going further out, further into the wilderness. Further, further, keep going, going. I'm an hour and a half from home. It wasn't good enough. It wasn't good enough. You got to keep going? Going and going. I'm like, what's wrong with that? Look, look, on this one, we could drive on a dirt road and really feel like we're in the middle of nowhere and picked our pumpkins. Oh, you could have gone a little off-road. Off-road. Okay. Wasn't good enough. Know why? Why? She wanted the little red wagon. Oh, you needed a wagon? They didn't have wagons. No, I guess only one farm has the little red wagon, Anthony. Which is about two hours from home, Anthony. I was pretty much in Greenport at this point. Did you carry the pumpkins back in your butt, you homo? Did you take a hayride? You know. Did you take a hayride, old man? I will touch this down like Gary abused me. Gary, go ahead. Yeah, what a wimp this guy is. He's going out there to get pumpkins. Come on, he ain't even got kids. Give me a break. He's going, Anthony, you're great. See? I did that to myself. I saw it on the screen. That's okay. Anthony took the abuse yesterday about the soap operas. Joe, what's going on? Oh, you homo. I'm here to question. Did you go mountain biking with the seat off when you were done too? All right. Come on. Did you put a hole in the pumpkin and bang it? You homo. You should go work for SAG. All right. All right. Wow. So you pulled the little wagon, Ophie? Through the pumpkin field with the other pumpkin people? I will not confirm or deny that fact, Anthony. I'm sure you pulled the wagon. For the love of God, I hope there's not a picture. Oh. So you pulled the wagon. For the love of God, I hope there's not a picture. Shut up. Did you pick your pumpkins? No one was left. Just pumpkins that had footprints in them and kick marks from all the other pissed off guys. Ravaged pumpkins. Ravaged pumpkins. So this is my hell. So I'm timing the Met game, okay? Because now I'm like, all right, I've got to keep driving because this game is getting really interesting. Yeah. All right? So I didn't mind that we were now about two hours from home. Start losing the signal for SAG. I'm like, oh my God. Then it goes into extra innings as I'm losing the signal as we pull up to the pumpkin farm with the little red wagons. Red wagon. So to make a long story short, when I finally got back in the car after our little fun in the pumpkin fields. Yeah. How many pumpkins did you get, Opie? I'm really concerned. Oh, three, Anthony. Three pumpkins. Could have got that in Huntington where I live. Yeah, you know, they're selling pumpkins right down there in downtown Huntington. Pretty much. And you could pick up the coal stencils to cut the jack-o-lantern. You're going to make a jack-o-lantern, Opie? You know, all right, I'll let you guys have some fun. Fine. There we go. Here comes the abuse. Lou. Hey, Opie. Yes. Did you put two small pumpkins in the front of your pants where your balls used to be? Hey. Come on, you can relate to me, right, Lou? Nah, not really. I don't think too many people can at this point. Oh, yeah, I'm the only guy that gets drag pumpkin picking. Yeah, well. Please. Johnny. Hey. Hey. You got two months, Opie. You'll be out cutting Christmas trees down that way. No, no, no. I've never done that, and I never will. Yeah, you say that now. Let's drive 200 miles upstate to cut down Christmas trees. No, no, no. Pulling up the sleigh. No, I've never done that one. Not yet. Homo and Anthony. Thank you, Johnny. Homo and Anthony. This guy. Rick. Homo and A? Homo and A. What's the deal, dude? Come on, you've never gone pumpkin picking. Yeah, but I wouldn't be doing it. And I didn't know the Met get, well, that's what this show's about. We're a little honest. I mean, you're whooped. You're pumpkin whooped. You want some pumpkin pie or something like that? Come on. And I didn't know the Met game was going to go into extra innings like that. It killed me. I mean, I thought you were a Met fan. I am. That's the problem. That's the problem. Well, I watched the whole game all the way out. They tied it up, and the only reason why I didn't continue to listen to the game in the car, we truly lost the signal at this point. It was going in and out when your favorite radio station goes in and out. You hear a little Met game, and the next thing you know you hear a bit Miller like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm from dickens apple farm there was a good side of my goodness well it sounds like you have a lot of fun yeah and we think i'm saying that yeah didn't you let here and can't you wait by the cutouts and you get the pumpkin for her well that's really an i did there is there is a stencil and i think that's pencil on the on the pumpkin and i i was at home i don't i believe watching uh... the yankees that that that is that i was cutting it out and with a fear in one hand and a knife in the other i see no problem with that arson thank you for burying me today we appreciate that we have pictures now and i don't know about that and i trudged out to the wilderness of wall bounds are free to my account and i think that the reason we went out so far if the car and i did you take your little wagon and everything i was there with their own that i was saying that they are not going to go out there and i mean i was standing and i think that you know what happened when they had wagon below that wagon yet but there is a lot of people he had to wait until someone went back to the car and see their own can't get away from a wagon sure it's just like uh... the matter one bob sled at disney's on of getting a wagon so you wait online for that at that point i think that they can't walk with the field and get the et selfishit on the wagon of the on getting ready for the pistachio cold index that ent hosted with their was hoping that she had to cut up particularly but our he got a ride in the wagon question blog excessive and I'm sticking up for you because I got stuck on a hayride and the answer here is Sandra. I'm going to have to go back to your home. Put your head back in a cardboard cutout and there's pictures to prove it. Put your head in the cardboard cutout in the pumpkin. I make sure we left the camera at home. She said, you got the camera? Yeah, we got the camera. Yeah, it's on the kitchen table. There's no evidence. Okay? Unless there's a high powered rifle pointed at your head in that picture of you behind that pumpkin. Angelo. I mean, almost everyone. David, remember I brought this abuse on to myself. I did not have to bring this up. I have one question for you. Who are you going to dress up as for Halloween? Is this going to be Ricky Martin or is it going to be Barbie? I can't get this. The worst of Opie and Anthony 1027 WNEW. All right, what's happening everybody? It's Rick, producer for the Opie and Anthony show, sitting in for the guys. If you've been out of town for a couple days thinking, okay, let me check in to what the guys are up to, well then you're about to find out they're on vacation. They'll be back on Monday ready to rock. So make sure you set your calendars accordingly or whatever. I don't care. But we are doing the worst of all week this week. So if you've got any great suggestions, tons of great suggestions coming through the instant feedback, we've got that up. Phone lines 212-757-1027. Let us know what they are. We're going to try and squeeze them in between today and Friday. Lot of requests for Spaz Radio. I will give you a heads up. We're going to do that tomorrow. Okay, the Spaz audition tape, that'll be coming up tomorrow. It is whipping out Wednesday, by the way. We've got the wow song coming up and also Star Wars. Remember when we did that Star Wars bit back last year just before the movie opened? Today in the five o'clock hour, I will play that for you. All right, getting a lot of requests for that as well. So keep them coming, 212-757-1027. But we got a lot of requests for Stephen Lynch. Let's do Kill a Kitten right now. Today, we're stuck with the worst of OVN. 107-WNEW. I'll do this one for all the animal lovers since they like gerbils so much. It's a sing-along too, so everybody feel free to join in. I'm going to bounce the balls. Look at those balls. Look at those balls. Everybody! Look at those balls. Listen up. Look at those balls. Kill a kitten. Meow. Kill a kitten. You've got to kill a kitten. All right. Kill a puppy dog instead. Kill a kitten. You've got to kill a kitten. A little furry kitten. You've got to kill a kitten. You've got to kill a motherf*****. You've got to kill a son of a b****. You've got to kill a little f*****. You've got to kill a minute. 867-5309. 867-5309. 867-5309. Steven Lynch, everyone. And in the studio this afternoon, Adam Farrar, everyone. Yeah, Adam's here, man. Out of nowhere he decided to stop by and say hi to his pals. Yes. I bet Hillary doesn't get bumped from Letterman. Okay. I bet you my girlfriend doesn't get oral favors from a page. So yeah, Adam was supposed to do Letterman last time he was on the show. What, last week? You know what I like? Every time I come in here, it's high. We're going to break your balls for a little bit. I miss that damn thing. You better have a tape of that. I want to buy all the tapes of that. Are you kidding me? Because I've got to see that. Adam was on an episode of The New Love Boat. Oh, don't start. Do you want me to send some of the early songs you wrote? Thank you, no. Okay. We've got a lot of crap on here. Oh, Tara. I didn't write that. That was Joe Buck's song. Oh, Joe Buck wrote that? My brother wrote that one. That one sucked. Wait, there's too much going on here. What was the song? Me and Anthony. Not really. He sung a song called Dara? Joe wrote it. Now, there's a lot. The early collections of As Is. Spelled A-Z-I-Z, which is the name of like 90% of the cab drivers. That was the name of one of your parents? Do you think I named it? Look, I showed up drunk to sing. That was the extended one. Now you're Jim Morrison. I didn't move equipment. I didn't write the song. Now you're Jim Morrison. Before, when you were going... My voice. He's walking around with an ascot and an atmon. Don't come back. I must keep everybody away. Why? Because we're doing... What was that song you used to do that bossed guys? Leto. And I can't hit the Leto. Leto Shuffle. Leto Shuffle. You missed the boat. I need more mist in my throat. Can we transpose this to my key? I've seen it at work, man. After a gig. It's hilarious. Jesus. The rest of his band is like shuffling equipment back to the van. And there's Ann drinking his Budweiser to bar going, Hey, man. Tell me more about my eyes. Come on. What do you expect? That was a while ago. That was fun, though. I like them because I like lights to run the lights. And Anthony, like with Bill, he's a mad scientist, for God's sake. You know, you leave something in his house, he MacGyvers it into a helicopter. It was toothpicks in a rubber band. Not anymore. It's a spruce goose, too. So he used to hook up a light board with like, you had like these big rubber Lulko gloves because you had the 220 off the pole. You had to actually open up the circuit breaker box in the club and clamp on these big look like jumper cables onto the 220 bolts onto the 2-110 legs coming out of the box. And they're live. You can't shut it off because the club is running. So you'd have to sit there with big rubber gloves on it. And it was like Ghostbusters, don't cross the stream. Because if those things touch, you could electrocute them. So he would take the 220 lines and he would channel it through all this stuff into an old Atari board. Remember Atari board with the four switches? And that's what we had, four channels of light. And that was when the original light board broke, my friend, and I had to rig it. The one you built, that shock driver. The one you stole. Some stupid lighting company in Jersey rented us lights. We never brought them back. You know what I like? Terrorists try to get the deposit back on the van. He doesn't bring back a light bulb. Wow, too funny. Well that was many, many years ago. And of course we do dredge up these things and things that you did in the past. Because I don't know why. It's not interesting at all. It's amusing to us. We were saying you got bumped from Letterman. That's where it started. And it was last week. And there's a lot of people on the phone that feel bad for you. Kathleen? How many times have you been bumped from Letterman? What's the process like? And does it really piss you off? This is my first time being bumped. It hurts and I'm getting over the pain. Thank you, Kathleen. Adam walked through our studio door today. I said, hey, if you were on Letterman last week, I don't think we would have saw your face for a while. Yeah. No. I was coming back here today to plug my governor's date. I'm a whore. That's why. You better call ahead. Adam does very well. Look at you. You sound like my mother's friend. He's in the show business doing very well. He's doing very well. I understand he has gentle through the union. How's mom and Big Joe? Mom and my father, yeah. I died because I came into Letterman. It was a big night. She wore the fur. I feel so bad. His parents go to Letterman. They're sitting right there up front to see their son on national TV. David Letterman. Dad took a nap in the afternoon. So he could stay awake. Sure. And what happens? He gets bumped. And your parents have to get up and leave without seeing you. It hit the big stage there. No, it happens. That's life. You want Chinese? That was it. You got some steamed dumplings and you move on. Tonight, you think Dave's going to have 45 minutes of crap, stupid bits, where he takes a camera to the film store next door from the studio, while Hillary waits in the green room wondering if she's going to be on? I don't think so. And who's more entertaining, Hillary or Adam Ferrara? Adam Ferrara. Absolutely. Never saw Hillary say, Hospitaliano. There it is. I had to be a by the way in this somewhere, Alice. Alright, what's by the way? Adam, I remember a time I went to see a governor's and I'm thinking, Anthony's friend, big Hollywood star, he was doing the sitcoms and the guest appearances and stuff. I brought Sandy, right? We're walking across the parking lot. There you are before your big night at governor's changing the time. Changing his flat tire. And you know what's funny? My travel plan now is my father's plumbing truck and my mother's got to take the caddy to Marjah. I'm not actually changing a tire. I'm getting into my next role on Caroline in the City where I have to change a tire. We all consider ourselves to be in show business and we look up to you, Adam, and I'm like, wow, you know, you really should raise your goals. I'm like, look at Adam changing a tire. I'm like, where's his people? You're the only pal I have that's in show business. Like that. What the hell do you think you're doing? I'm not my own pal. I've heard you talk to yourself many times. Usually after a gig. Who does Joe Buck think he is? I'm the leader of this band. As is, behind the music. That happens. As is. That was so long ago. It was ridiculously long ago. But you've got to share a little bit. To the point where that wasn't even the first... What was the first name you made? I couldn't even remember. Did you guys have the hair going? It was ridiculous. We were doing Brady Bunch cover tunes. That's what we were doing, Adam. You're absolutely right. It's a sunshine day when it's time to change. That's exactly what we were doing. Although we did do some spinal tap covers. That was fun. Anna. Hi. How are you boys doing? One time I saw Adam at a governor's. Oh, really? He's pretty hot. I want to grab onto his buns. Adam, she wants to grab your buns. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to say. I'm not sure what I'm supposed to say? Whose sister are you? I've got seven of them. Which one do you want? Adam has something for all the sisters on this radio show. Seven sisters? Wow. So you met him backstage? He was kind of back there. I was walking past him. I asked him what's pink and smells like pussy cats. He said, what? I stuck my tongue out at him. Anna. Oh, I remember you. Interesting. You can't remember that. That doesn't happen every day. Then I was telling you about, I guess, Tuesday night at Hummer Club. I guess it was Tuesday night at Hummer Club. I guess Tuesday night at Hummer Club. I do that and let my friend watch as I'm doing it too. You know, my old man. Boy, it sure sounded like you could have gotten lucky here. That's when you fell on your butt. You're like, oh my God. So if Adam would have been up to it, would you have given him a hummer that night? Sure. My old man was home, sure. It was one day a week. Oh my God. It could be any day of the week. I'm always up for that. I'm going to be a front by Governor since I got to go. The chicks are just like... I got to go. ...digging them in stock. Well, I know he's got to be nice. Isn't he married? No, he's got a girlfriend. He's in a very serious relationship. How is she? She's very nice. Yes, she's trying to be a nice one. Can I meet her? Oh, oh, meet. Yeah, can I meet her? I'll take both of yous on, honey. Wow. Do you remember what she looked like? No. What do you look like there? Let's see. Well, I'm a dancer. Really? Yeah. Where? Flash dancers? Stonehenge. Stonehenge? Out on Long Island? Yeah, West Babylon. That place rocks. I love that place. I have the best time. So you're a dancer there? Do you dance during the week or do you dance on the weekends? During the day. I don't like going at night. Uh-uh, day dance. You're a matinee. Day dancing at Stonehenge. You know why they usually put the girls that aren't that hot on in the day? Because when you walk in there from all the bright light into the dark club, it takes you a half hour before you can see anything. And by that time you had a couple of ten dollar beers. I don't like going at night, so I got a set of things to do at night. And it looks like you're in the double A ball. What's a double A ball? You've got to be brought up to the majors. It's like open pole mice. Wow, Stonehenge. You look hot and stuff. I'm cool, man. You're not all bruised up and everything? There's nothing better than looking at a dancer. It looks like she's gone a couple of rounds with Tyson. That's the Zarian scar. He's all beat up. An old tech cigarette burns. You're not skanked up there. You're like a subway car. I'm good. You have a D cup. Wow, what's the other one? There was five people talking at one time, I heard that. But she said she has a D cup. What's the other one? It's in the middle of her head. No, it's in the back of my head. I'm deaf, you know, the bells. What color hair do you have? Stonehenge. Oh, you're a redhead. Natural? Well, I got no hair on my face. You look like a girl that edits herself. Did you shave it or did it fall out? You know, ever since Shorum reactivated... Was it rubbed off? With your face, honey. There you go. She's not messing around. She's hurt at all. They're in the day dancing. They give them dollars, the guys give them mints. But you know what? The client tells the day dancers get. It's all because I remember them doing this. It's all construction workers that don't want to friggin' work. So they go in there during the day. You figure, we'll leave the job, we'll have an early lunch, and we'll get back to work right after lunch. We'll be back to work by one. You go there at noon, it opens up. By four o'clock, you're going, jeez, screw it, we'll leave the tools out. We've got to be there tomorrow anyway. You never go back. You never go back. Give us some ten-penny nails for a lap dance. And that's it, too. You're broke because you're never working. So you sit there with a dollar, you're in nursing a beer. How many pelts for a lap dance? Pretty much. I'll put in air conditioning in your house. Spin around. Let me see your raise. We're off to a fine start today, and we've got to take a quick break. We're very late, but Adam Farrar is hanging out with us today. We needed the boost this week, Adam, so thanks for coming in. More of your phone calls in just a bit. Stay there. Good news, everyone. It's the work of Opie and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. You're hanging with Opie and Anthony and our buddy Adam Farrar. It's 1027 WNEW. Hey. What? You guys struck a nerve because there's a bunch of people that want to talk about daytime strippers and they're not going to talk about the strip clubs during the day. I love walking out of the strip club after you've been in there and it's still lighted out. You're like Frankenstein. You can't see. Cars are beeping at you. I remember coming out of it. They finally changed where the door is at the carousel, on Jericho Turnpike there. Oh, I remember that place. The door was right like 10 feet away from Jericho Turnpike. So you'd walk out and, you know, housewives are looking at you in horror. You're all beeping at you. You're like, yeah, yeah, I was looking at the strippers. Now they put the door kind of on the side. That's a little laugh thing. But you'd come out and the sun hits your eyes. It's like Shawshank Redemption. You know? Oh, my God, the light. I'm free. It's Papillon. You're in the box. It's in the box. Put it in the hole for another month. It's like when you come out of the carousel now they have like a car wash thing to cleanse you. Clean you up. You just feel dirty. Hey, Frank, what's up? Great place where I went to college down in San Antonio, Texas called Class Act. And it was far from anything but. It was BYOB. That's how bad this place was. Bring your own boobs? Bring your own bimbos. But the great thing is they had a lunch buffet. Yeah, I never got that. I don't like eating food from strip clubs. I like to keep them set. It's bad enough you've got to put your mouth on a bottle that's on the bar that sometimes they're walking on. Now, I haven't seen this move in a while in the Long Island strip clubs. But I remember back in the late 80s and stuff was the last of this. The dancers didn't care. They come right out on the bar, you know, open your bottle for you without their hands. You know, I mean like it's like, wow, it's talented. The thing about this place is the funniest thing to watch is we went after finals every semester. It was a tradition. And we'd all get out of finals about noon and go get snotted and watch girls. And the funny thing to watch is see the guys go through the buffet line. You know, go eat stateside and as the girls would work their way around watch the guys cover their plates. Yeah, that move, like their hands are covering the plate. Like that's a barrier. That'll do it, believe me. What's coming off of that thing? She opened a beer bottle. I swear to God, I've seen that move too. And even with the beer, like a girl come walking by and the guy will take the coaster and plop it on top of his beer glass. That's got to make the girl feel good. Excuse me, I'm thinking something is falling out of there that even alcohol can't kill. Okay? I really, I'm going to cover this up right about now. When we were seniors, spring semester, we even got a little bit too rowdy for this place. I was really drunk and one of my drunkest buddies stands up and screams, and I'll clean this up, screamed, bring on the C. Bring on the C word. Oh my God. That's great. Last time I heard that was on Broadway when I wanted to bring that was in the Will Rogers' file. But the guy he spoke to that one when he rolled. Bringing Stella Stevens on stage. Bring on the C word. Oh my God. Why don't the chicks dig, man? What do I got to do? What do they do to the guy? It was like out of a western, you know, when the movie star gets called out in the street for a gunfight. It was like quiet. All of a sudden the DJ gets on the mic and goes, we have nice girls here, how dare you talk about them like that? And then they kick us out in the street. You're lucky to kick out a lot of the boys, you know, the biker guys that run the place. They'll get the crap out of you. All right, Frank. I knew a girl, you know, the ping pong ball trick, right? She had like laser sighting. Really? She was the kind of girl you want to take to the carnival to win the fish. Give me two fish and I don't use my hand. Every kind of death ringer. But in like those tall glasses, those tall bar glasses where there's not a lot of room for them. And she could get them in there. That's a talent. I don't even know how she was aiming. You got to adjust like the windage in the elevation. Hey, Joe, what's up? Yeah, we're pulling the nooner. That's what we call them. We left at noon and we said we'd be back by one. And now I'm heading back right now. We just got out of the bar. See, and what do you do for a living? I'm a plumber in Jersey. I've been there. When we worked in Smithtown, we used to go to that place right by the blast rail, Brass Monkey. No, it was that other place. I think it was called Logan's Run after that. I think it was called Logan's Run after that. And then the other place was Wilder. Yes, it was. And then Ron Conkoma had a place called Bird's. Bird's Place. I mean the girls, you hear this all the time, but would do anything. They had a guy up there with glasses on laying on his back on the stage. And believe me, when the girl was done with him, he had to clean his glasses. Really? It was that much of a show going on on stage. He thought he had cataract. It was that bad. I saw a stripper with one foot. I swear to God. She had like a foot, a normal foot, and then another foot had like little chicklet toe. Club foot kind of thing. But she wanted to know what she had. She had her breasts done. You think you'd take care of all the other stuff first. Please! The general rule of construction is you don't put a second floor on a house with a bed found on it. And the construction guys got to know that. That's it, man. You were a tin knocker, right? Hell yeah. That's it, man. That's who we were drinking with. We were with the tin knockers. Everybody decided to take a Nooner, but since I'm the low man on the totem pole, we left the bar and everybody patted me on the back and said, go put the tools away. Go put the tools away. You don't know how many hammer drills and sawzalls were lost because we just never went back to the job site. We locked up the tools and no one's going to steal them. What happened to the hammer drill? I don't know, boss. We were there the whole time. I think the plumbers took it. They're not worth it. Hey, Joe, thank you. Hey, guys, I got a train. Have a good day. Barbara. Hey. What's up, guys? I live around the block from Stonehenge. I've seen some of the girls at work at night. I can't even imagine what the day crew looks like. And the place that...what? Don't let the sunlight hit them. Please welcome to the main stage, Lestats. And the place that Anthony was talking about before used to be the Bull Creek. Oh, the Bull Creek. That was it. Now, how are you pretty to such information? I live on Long Island. I live on Long Island. It's not that... Every Long Islander knows all that. Remember the Brass Monkey? That's the one I'm thinking of. Yeah, I went to the Brass Monkey. And someone threw a shot glass at us. And I think it was one of the girls. It was amazing. It was the girl with the hair lip. She ran out of ping pong balls that night. We were goofing on her hair lip and she threw a shot glass at us. Does she have two feet? Yes, she has two feet. How about that? I remember when I was a kid, I was still there. And there was a place in the corner of Lockfield and Jericho Turnpike and I mean this was going back before I could ever even dream of it. I just remember exotic West Coast dancers. It's like, oh, what is that? And my father would be like, you know, alright, wait in the car. I got to talk to someone in here. And he'd go in there and like I'd be waiting there for hours just sitting in the car. I swear. And he'd come out, you know, all tanked and stuff. And the guy never made it, never met me. Pull off. And he was in there watching Nudes and stuff. Yeah. Thanks, Bob. I was on the road. Roll the window down a crack, could you? I'm getting a contact. I was in what was the, oh, Green Bay, Wisconsin. There's a strip club called Bean Snappers. I swear to God, you get in the car, you drive through the darkness because it's like there's no lights and nothing. It's like this is the place. I thought you meant it was a bad neighborhood. I thought maybe Adam was starting to get really politically incorrect. Where's the racist spell? Jesus. So you drive through the darkness and you go to this in the middle of nowhere. This is like where the flying sources land. Yeah. You know, they come down and looked at my ass. So it's an empty barn. It's a barn. There's like linoleum on the floor. There's a guys, no booze. Because you can't have naked girls in booze. But you got to spend like four bucks for cranberry juice. Oh, juice bar. It's a juice bar with naked girls. But you know the girls would drink, can I have the cranberry juice? Why, bladder infection, I'm up next. You know they got to be scared. I have an inflamed urethra. I could use the cranberry juice. We have so many stories on the line. Where do we want to go? Let's go to Joe. Joe, you're next on WNAW. What's up? Yo guys, one of my favorite topics of all time. I love the key bars as we call them. Oh yeah. Patterson, New Jersey has some of the skankiest of Italy. There's three in a row on this one. Market Street. They go from young Brazilian, Russian girls and everything to like grandmothers. This one joint Moonlight. Oh. And you can do with your clothes on you can do almost anything in the three of them. I'm telling you. Oh really? Basically buy a chicken drink and you're married Joe for that night. It's incredible. It's just, it's not like nothing you've ever seen. You ever get out to Jersey, go to Patterson, Market Street, ask anybody. They'll know, they'll know the three I'm talking about, you know. Well I like the skanky bars sometimes because they really appreciate the buck. Absolutely. You know when you go to the high class strip clubs and you get the girls that really look hot, you're not going to get anything for a buck. You slip them a five and they give you one quick little look and then you need at least a twenty for a lap dance. It's funny to see that because the hotter the chick, like the less short you do, you know. It's like you go to the grandmother joint and there's no rule. Oh you go to a skank club let me tell you, skank club. The Tender Trap. Jericho Turnpike. Oh yeah. Right next to the Radiator place. Let me tell you something. They got dispensers on the wall. Yeah. You go in there for like a buck, you could get anything you want. The girls appreciate that. They look like war pigs but for the love of God, for a buck, oh they're appreciative. They'll shake that flat flabby ass right in your face. It's Borneo. They had the lost art in there too, Anthony. Ah yes. The Rug Dance. The Rug Dance. Yes, yes. Remember that? You rarely see the Rug Act anymore. Remember that? The girl would come out and she pick a little blanket. She had that little quilt from when she was in 9th grade. The grandma quilted probably. Put it on the floor, hit the jukebox this little, we got tonight. Tune it tomorrow. Let's make it less. And she's just like just like standing on the floor. She's like a praying mantis. That's the Rug Act. With her hand lotion. Yeah, lotion. And then she's pointing it right at you. You know what I mean? Yeah. She's got her legs right at you. It's like chicken. Who's going to flinch first? And she's up. You blinked, made my eyes tear. You made me blink. The legs are going up and apart and your buddies are trying to sneak a look over your shoulder. Like it's a peep show. I'm not hungry before the quarter runs out. The Rug Act. I defy you to find a donkey show. We've got tonight. We've got tonight. Who needs tomorrow? The slow song. My first script club experience, the first song I ever heard in a script club was House of the Rising Sun. There is a house in New Orleans. I like when the girl tries to dance though and then does that. Could you eject this song? I'm not feeling it. And she feels like she has to cover up at that moment. Now I'm naked. Oh my God, could you eject? I'm out of character. And it makes you feel like she likes you so much. She comes up and gives you the eyes. She puts her breasts down toward you, grabs your dollar with her cleavage, gives you a little smile, a little wink, a little look, stands up, turns away, takes the buck and throws it in the pile with the other hand. Oh, I'm just a mark. I thought she liked me this time. I like the bachelor party. I thought we were going to do it. I thought we were going to go out after she got off work. What are you doing looking at my girl? I like the bachelor party because the bachelor's always like Kennedy drunk. Really? And his friends are like, come on man, look at the way that dancer's looking at you. She likes you for you. In fact, we gave her $200. She was a person. Out of the hundreds of bachelors, she's hobbed. She really likes you. Hob, knob. Hob, knob. Hob, knob. We've got a speaking code on this show. Our buddy Foot is on the line. Foot! Hey, what's up man? Just tuned into the show. I know there's a couple of stories the guys didn't tell you. About the time that we were at the Tender Trap and Anthony started goofing on this Native American dancer who was an Indian. Oh yeah, I was calling her Squaw. And Anthony starts going, woo! Right on stage, she stops, man. She starts yelling at Anthony. I'm like, very sorry. Me, heaps sorry. Me pissing you off. White man, screw me, we open casino. Okay, hey! Hey! Try dancing to this, Squaw. I remember that because you go, What are you going to do? Make it rain? Yeah! She's doing a rain dance. I don't know if Adam told this story, when Adam was over, where the hell was he? He went over to Billy Joel's house. Knocked on the door and asked him where the carousel was. Oh God, you're going, what was I? I was like 14 years old. You knocked on Billy Joel's house? Yeah. I was lost. And I knew who lived there. I knew he lived there. Was that Lloyd Neck? There was someone on the corner of the house and Lloyd Neck. Yeah. Ozzy was with me. He goes, where the hell are we? I know who lives here, pull over. I know who lives here. What were you doing in that area? There's nothing there. I think we were in the fencing truck. We were working. We finished the job early. I don't want to go back to the shop now. So Ozzy goes, how are we going to get out of here? I said, pull over here. I know the guy that lives there. I know the guy. He goes, who lives there? I got out and knocked on the door and he came out. Did he know? Yeah, he knew. It wasn't always Billy Joel. He had a day job. Do you like any of this crap? It's the worst of Opie and Anthony. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. Hey. We've got a bunch of contestants on the line, Anthony. Do you want to play black or white? See if there's any truth to this stereotypical black voice or stereotypical white voice. Yeah, a lot of people get upset when you say you sound black on the phone. What does that mean? Is there a stereotypical sounding black voice? I think we say yes. No one would mistake me for sounding black, would they? No. But our own black Earl sounds really white. Still, I could tell. That he's black? Yeah, you could tell when he starts getting angry. So how are we going to play this game? We've got some prizes to give away to anyone that beats us. We plunk a phone line down and then we ask them a couple of questions. The deal is Anthony and I both get two questions and then we'll guess if you're black or white. We can ask any questions, so that could help as well. Let's go to line one. Just based on speech. You can't ask questions about anything else. This is just based on speech. Hold on. I want to ask questions. But then it blows the whole thing. The whole thing is just based on speech. Now I'm going to bury you. Why would that blow it? If I ask this guy his name, why would that blow it? Because it might be a black name? Shamil or something. Why is Shamil a black name, Anthony? That's not. It's a Jewish name. So I think if we're going to be fair here, we can just ask him questions. It doesn't matter. You're doing the exact same thing I did a little while ago saying that I can hear when someone is black or white. What if I asked this guy his name and he said Shamil? Yeah. Shamil. Shamil. Whatever. Then you would think that he would probably be black. Why? Because that's a black person's name. There's white people named Shamil somewhere. Not many. It would increase the odds that he would be black. So are we allowed to ask any questions or not? No. You could just have them state things. I wouldn't ask questions. This is supposed to be just based on the sound of a voice. Nothing else. What the voice is saying doesn't matter. Alright, let's start. Hi, who's this? Sam. Alright, Sam. Sam, tell us a little bit about yourself. I work in Deer Park. I got a joke for you if you want to hear that. Okay. Okay, what is Brooklyn and a girl in tight jeans having come? What? Flatbush. So I'm ready to win. What's up? Alright, you've got to be honest with us. What did you just say? I'll answer. I'm saying this is a black gentleman. You're right. What gave it away? I can hear it a little bit in your voice. Okay. Very slight, but I can hear it. Alright. Thank you. You're welcome. Thanks for being honest. No problem, bro. We have to take your word on this one. Okay. That's it, huh? Yeah, you're black. Yeah. I didn't want to say it. No, I can hear it without you saying that. Wow, I'll be jumping right on you. Without a doubt. Yeah, where do you work? I'm a student. A student? Yeah. Is that in Puerto Rico right there? God, dude. I'm just kidding. This is wrong. Well, we're two for two, though. What's your name? My name's Keisha. Keisha? Now that would have totally given it away. I know. That would have given it away right away. Is this the little Keisha from the Cosby Show? No. Is this the Rudy? Where you been, Rudy? The cops have been looking for you. I hope you waxed that mustache you had when you were seven. Alright, guys. Well, thanks for playing. Alright, bye-bye. Alright, well, we'll watch you in the next one. Thank you, my brown sugar. She sounded cute. Hi, who's this? This is Mike. Mike? Yeah. Alright, well, no, don't jump. Don't go jumping. You got lucky that last one. No, I didn't. You want to go to the phones and talk to our listeners about that one? I just don't want you to blurt it out and ruin it for somebody that might be a... That was a no-brainer. Alright, Mr. Guy, don't give us your name or anything. No, he said Mike. Oh. Yeah, that must have been my name. Oh, come on. He's a Spanish guy. No, we're playing black or white, though. If you're not black or white, you've got to hang up. Yeah, I know. And you're not faking your voice or anything, right? No, man. That's how I speak. Yeah, because we don't want people like trying to get in our way. We don't want people like trying to get in our way. Yeah, yeah. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. That's right. Oh, you're not white. You're not white. No, I am white. I swear to God. I swear to God. Listen to your voice. What's your nationality? German and French. Where did you grow up? Cotterette, New Jersey. Oh, man. Why do you talk like that? As the people I grew around with. Yeah, but don't you know it will hinder your getting a job? Yeah. I know. You're even thinking about it. It will. You're an employer. Look, you can say what you want. want. But if you walk into an employer and you sound like that, they are not going to hire you. They are going to hire somebody who sounds like they can speak and carry on a conversation. You want me to just go, �How are you guys?� No, not, �Hey, how are you guys?� How are you doing? All right, well we lost one so far. I still don't think that counts. Why? It's got that voice thing going. Well, we got tricked. Okay, all right. We're going to get one against us. Mike, we're going to give you a prize. Hold on, all right? All right, let's go to this one. Line 9. Hello? Line 9, how are you? Yes, I'm fine. How are you doing? Oh no, I'm doing well. And who's this? Opiate Anthony. Opiate Anthony, how are you guys doing? Bingo. Can you tell? By that last word, I think. I need a little more time, though. Oh gee, come on. I'm confused. Are you driving right now? Yes, I am. No, I'm not. I'm sitting in my office. Oh, oh, working. Desk job? You're sitting by a desk? Yes, I am. Cleaning it? My little executive desk. Yeah, are you cleaning it or are you working at it? Oh, my feet are up on the desk. Up on the desk, lazy. Oh, my. No, I'm just saying. She's not working on it. Take it the wrong way. I didn't say anything. We didn't say what she thinks she is yet. When you have your feet on the desk, what does that mean? Lazy. That's all I'm saying. No, she could just be relaxing because she was working very hard. Maybe that's you the owner of the place. Oh, maybe she owns the place. Okay. Don't take it the wrong way. All right. Is it a crack house? No, it's not. All right, I'm just saying that that's what you want. It's a very reputable place. What kind of car are you driving? Oh, no, I can't tell you all that. Then you'll get it. You'll know. I am ready. Yeah, I'm ready to commit. Okay. We're going to go... Say it. Go ahead. Sure. Yeah. Black. You guys like good? We're good? Yes, you are. You are a black woman. And I did not change my voice. This is my voice. Yeah, we heard a few little inflections on the name Anthony. That one tipped opi off. Oh, yeah. You knew what Anthony did, huh? Yeah. That one word got me, but I had to listen a little more. We should just say, what's the opposite of uncle if you hear aunt? Now, what's your name? My name is Colleen. How do you spell it? Really wacky? A-R. Oh, okay. So if I had given you my name, you would have never guessed. No. No. Well, thanks for playing. Thank you. All right, bye. Bye-bye. We're three in one, right? Three in one. All right. Line two, you're on the air. How you doing? How you doing? What's up? Are you driving? Yeah, I am. What road? FDR. Oh, FDR. Uh-oh. Heading uptown. Uh-oh. Heading uptown. Heading uptown on the FDR. That's... Yeah, well, you got to talk a little. All right. Let's sit. Go through a little of your day today. All right, I got a phone, but that's a quote. Ah, this is a white guy. Were you right on that one, a white guy? You just sounded like an idiot. Rick says we're right on that one. Four right, one wrong so far. All right. Who's on line nine? Hello? Yeah, that's you. Okay. Don't tell us your name, but... So what are you doing? Working. Working very hard? Hard enough. Yeah. All right, where do you work? At a law firm. Oh, really? Law firm. Okay. What are you wearing right now? A suit. A suit? Yes. A suit. Is it multicolored? No, it's black. You wearing something around your head? No. You wearing a black? I just want to know if it is, you know, black suit. What are you doing tonight? I'm going home. Are you wearing any rings right now? No. I don't mean on your fingers, I mean around your neck. No. Oh, my God. Okay, what? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? She wasn't insulted by that. That helps. Let's see. Stop. Are you driving home in a little while? No. Taking the train? No. The police will bring you. Excuse me? I'm sorry. I'm making a very bad joke. How do you get home? I take an express bus. Oh, bus. Bus. I wish I could hear more of her voice. I know. You've got to talk a little bit. What do you want me to say? I don't know what to say. Either you're going to ask me questions or... How do you say ask? Uh-oh. Are you going to ask me questions or... That was a tip off right there. That was a good one right there. Okay. Okay, can we give you a little test? Okay. When I wake up in the morning, I brush my... Teeth. Okay. All right. When a woman has a child, it's called giving... Birth? Birth. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. This is a tough one. This is a very tough one. But I think I have an answer. Which one are you going to say? I want to make sure we're integrated. Yeah, I'm going to say that too. Okay. You are a proud African woman. Yes. Yeah! That was a tough one. I almost got you guys. Almost. You almost asked. Almost. The word ask got me. Yes. Sometimes I speak very quickly and it... You said axe. No, I said ask. No, the second time you did, but the first time I heard it too. It tripped the flag right here. Me and Op looked at each other and went, oh, oh, oh. No, but I'm talking very quickly so I can sometimes trip up my words. And what's your name? Anne Margaret. Is it really? Yes. Anne Margrock. No. That's very cool. Well, thanks for playing. All right. Bye. Wow, Opi. We only got tripped up once by the guy with the Puerto Rican accent. Kind of proven what I was saying earlier a little bit. Let's try another guy. I don't think this is helping the cause to tell you the truth though. All right, line four. You're on the air. Yeah, what's up? What's up? No. What's up? What's up? Ask me anything. Are you locked up? No, not yet. No. Okay, just talk a little bit. I thought I heard a police radio. What do you want me to say? What did you do today? You woke up and then what? I came to work. Yeah? Yeah. What do you do? Security guard. How do you get to work? Taxi cab. Oh, no. That's going to be a problem. No, it's not. That says it right now. I don't know about that. He wouldn't be able to get a cab. All right, hold on, hold on. Hold on, hold on. Let me ask this question. You take a cab in every day? Every day. How many days have you been late to work in the last three months? About nine. Okay, good. Wait a minute. Are you going? Oh, yeah. I have a question. Wait a minute. Are you going? Oh, yeah. Which way are you going? Write it down. Really? Yes. Yeah, I'm with Rick on this one. We're finally split, me and Alpia. We've been in agreeance the whole time. Let him talk a little more. Okay, you wake up, you brush your? Teeth. This guy might be messing with us, man. All right. What planet do we reside on? Earth. This is a white guy. Shut up. All right, cracker. Hey, cracker. You crack ass cracker. I'm from the ghetto. You're a white man. You idiot. We want people that really want to try to trick us, man. Hey, I was working for a while. Yeah, when you sounded normal and then you tried to be black and you sound more white than ever. Thanks a lot, man. All right, bye. See, if he would have just said that, I'd have thought he was black. We got it. Yeah, we knew he was white. You were teetering. I was teetering. I can't believe you. No, I was in agreement at the end. Then it was obvious that he was trying to screw with us. Let's try another female. Hi, who's this? This is Kim. Okay. All right. Now, that wouldn't be short for Kimba. You guys are wrecking the game if you're trying to trick us. Just go along with this, okay? Yeah. Yeah. All right. You working? Yeah. Well, not now, but I do work. All right. Yeah. Are you home? Okay. What are you going to do tonight? Go to bed early. Yeah. Uh-huh. Good work ethic. That's good. That's good. What do you like to do for fun? I like to go to clubs, I guess. Listen to music. Oh, clubs. Yeah, listen to music. All right, listen to music. Yeah. Puff Daddy, innocent or guilty? Guilty. Okay, very good. You're not trying to trick us, right? No. All right. Any other questions, Anne? No. Okay. I just wanted to talk a little more. Well? Like, I don't know. Yeah, is there anything around to read? Yeah, that would be the best. Yeah, yeah. I don't know, magazines, Playboy, Sports Illustrated. Yeah, read something out of one of those fine publications. I don't have to go and get it? Well, I need to hear more of your voice. Well, ask me to repeat something. Yes. I just say Hoboken. Hoboken. I'll tell you where I'm teetering, though. Yeah, without a doubt. Yeah, yeah. Let's take that chance. You want to? Yeah. All right, and you would be a white woman. No, you guys are wrong. Oh, damn. You are a black woman. Yeah. What's your name? Kim. She said Kim. How black are you? I'm black. I mean, I'm not dark as night, but I'm black. Wow. Six right, two wrong. She gets the Robin Quivers Award. All right, Kim, hold on a minute. We're going to give you some fine positives. Thanks for tricking us, all right? We got legitimately stumped right there. That just goes to show you. You can't tell. We'll do two more and we'll get out of here, okay? One out of six times, you can't tell. Line 8, what's up? Hey, guys, how are you? Good. Good, good. I'm Scott So, by the way. Thank you. Terrific. So, what do you want me to say? I know right away. Oh, you do? Yeah. How the heck do I know? Barry White sounding MRFer? Barry White sounding MRFer. Listen to those pipes. Yeah, you will. Well, that's what I do for a living. What can I say? As a matter of fact, I used to work with Black Earl. Did you? Yeah. At the old WNEWYEM. He knows who this is. I thought this was Scott So. No, this is Scott So. Is this Roscoe? No. Who is it? Bill. Bill. Bill. This is a tough one because he's a radio guy. Yeah, an old radio guy. Yeah. Oh, shoot. He's going to nail us. How many Black people work for any W though? I think Black Earl was the only one. You worked on AM? I worked on AM. I was on the air at AM. I was on the air for five years. Wow, this is tough. Five years means he held the job for five years. You rat dog. Oh, look at him. He was offended by that remark. What do you do now? I'm a voiceover artist. Yeah. Let me see. I'm saying. I don't know. If you're sure, I'll go with that one too. I will say you are a Black man. You're darn right. Wow. You guys are pretty good. You know what got me? You can't say that every Black man has a deep voice like that. Even though you're a Black man, you're a Black man. You're a Black man. You're a Black man. You're a Black man. You can't say that every Black man has a deep voice like that. Even though I can't use it, I'm sounding like James Earl Jones all the time. You know what got me though? Your laugh. You have that ha ha ha ha. Cola nut. Lemon lime. Seven up. Ha ha ha ha. You know? I'll get you Mr. Bond. I had a lot of fun. Thank you guys. Nice to play. Bye. Wow. That was a tough one. He was a radio guy. Seven right, two wrong. We'll take one more. All right, Jeff, you're in your car? Yes, I am. What type of car you got? I have a Mercury Sable. Is there a key in the ignition? Ha ha ha ha ha. Absolutely. God damn. Is it yours? That's what I was asking. But now what kind of question is that? Well, that says it's yours. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. I'm asking you. What kind of question is that? What kind of question is that? What kind of question is that? I just want to know if there's a key in the ignition. That's all. Yes, there is. Okay. And where are you driving to? I'm going home. Wait, what type of car was that again? Mercury Sable. Ah, yeah. There you go. Mercury. The Eliminator. You dropped the U on your Mercury. I'm going to have to go black. Yeah. You're wrong. Ha ha ha. Really? Oh, you're right. Ha ha ha ha. You say Mercury. Write that down as another word that we can use. You know Mercury is the closest planet to the sun is... Mercury. Ha ha ha. Mercury. You know, you're cool. Let's give you something too, all right? Okay. All right, hold on a minute. All right, you guys rule. Hey, thank you. What are you giving them a prize for? I'm feeling guilty about 200 years ago. Shut up. I just want to look at you. He's a good guy. What the hell? He took my line pretty good. Sarah came to ignition. Terrible. Well, Ant, eight right, two wrong. Eight right, two wrong. Not bad. Not bad at all. Give me about a 75% rating. Should we play some more or is this getting boring? That's 80%. Done? What? That's 80%. Oh, is it? Yeah, that's 80%. That was 75. No, it's 80%. Wait, hold on, hold on. Hold on. Okay. I'm going to give you a prize. I'm going to give you a prize. I'm going to give you a prize. I'm going to give you a prize. I'm going to give you a prize. I'm going to give you a prize. I'm going to give you a prize. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Eight out of ten, man. Oh, out of ten. I was thinking out of eight. Okay. I was thinking two out of eight. So we got eight right. That's right. Two out of eight would be okay. Right, okay. Don't jump down myself. I tried to save myself. My throat. All right, let's take a break. We'll regroup and we'll be back. Stay there. The Four Morons of the Apocalypse. One, O, T, seven, W, N, E, W, X, Y, Z, Y, Z, Y, Z, Y, Z, Y, Z, Y, Z, Y, Z, Y, Z, Y, Z, All righty. And Moron number three is sitting in for the guys. They're on vacation this week. It's the worst of open Anthony all week, tomorrow and Friday as well. So if you've got any suggestions, feel free to call them in at 212-757-1027. Or you can fax them in at 212-957-W, 1-E-W or use the instant feedback, which is up and working. Getting a lot of good requests from that. A lot of requests that I've been getting over the past couple of days is something we've never replayed. Once it was played once, we kind of forgot about it and never did anything about it. And it's called the Star Wars scam. I don't know if you guys were listening around that time. If you didn't hear when this happened, happened about a year ago. Let's see myself, Ben and Black Earl took the van out. We went down the street a couple blocks over to one of the theaters that was, I guess, going to be the first theater in town to show the new Star Wars Phantom Menace. And so, you know, we're in there. We're figuring we're going to work. What we were going to do is basically because we knew a lot of the plot lines and we're going to give away basically most of the movie to the people who are online, all the freaks. Ben and I were going to, you know, I was going to stick my head out. I had the bullhorn. I was going to yell the plot lines out and Ben was going to hand out prizes to suck on these people in. Right, Ben? That's right. And then what did you go and do before we even started the bit? I thought it already started. So I gave out keychains, which turned out to be the world's worst thing to give away. Keychains and pens. This was a Ziegfeld there. It was like the world premiere. Right. Of the movie. And we've gotten a lot of requests to replay this bit. But it needs a set up only because if you didn't hear it, it's just classic how Ben, not knowing we weren't starting yet, and I thought he knew that we weren't starting yet, but he ran off to the crowd anyway and started handing things out. So this is the part that people really dug was when I waved out on Ben before the bit even started, was when I waved out on Ben. Those bastards decided to tape it because I thought it would be funny. So here, check this out. What are you doing? Are you still telling me to go out? No, I didn't say go out. I said get ready. We're going to do this now. Now we got no CDs. How are we going to start? We got more stuff. We got more stuff. Well, why did you start for? It ruins the bit. I didn't. Why did you say start? Jesus Christ. I never said start. I never said start. Why did you start giving out stuff? I thought you were on the phone. I am on the phone. They got me on hold. I didn't know that. Well, sit here. We're going to get a fucking... soon. Let's try this again, okay? Jesus Christ. That's good, man. As you can hear, those two idiots were taping it the entire time as I waved out on Ben, unfortunately. They caught it all on tape. And the funniest thing that was that day, we let Earl drive, which was another major mistake. There's something that you'll be able to hear once we actually do the bit. You'll hear things happening. And it turns out Earl's not the most aggressive driver in the world, especially in the midst of Manhattan at about 5 o'clock in the afternoon. So here's part two of the Star Wars bit. All right. It's the worst of Opie and Anthony. So pay attention, asshole. 1027 WNEW. Guys. What's up, buddy? What's the crowd like? Well, we're in front of the Sigfeld Theater. Everybody's buying their tickets for Star Wars, which is opening next week. And let me just take a look down the street here. There are tons of people. We've got a few TV crews. Channel 7. I almost hit a biker. Channel 1. There's people getting interviewed over there. And I think we're going to surprise them. We're going to give away some free CDs and stuff. A courtesy of, of course, Opie and Anthony and N.E.W. And a few other surprises for Star Wars fans. Oh, that should be nice. Let's hear some of this. This is a cute radio. Hold on. Here we go. All right. Hey, Star Wars fans. Opie and Anthony from WNEW. Thanks for listening. And of course, if you guys are online, you can wait a long time. We're going to hit you up with some free CDs. Oh, but this is all going on here. I think the guy heard you back in the studio. We're going to hit you up with some free CDs. And you've also got some TV cameras. We'll make sure you guys get on TV tonight. All that stuff. So, um, Ben, why don't you start handing out those CDs? We can't. We can't. Where's Ben? You Ben? Holy sh- Oh, yeah? Go down, go down. Go down. Give them out more stuff. See you later. Celebrate the opening of the R-Wars. I'll pick your cell phone. R-Wars. I'll pick your cell phone. Thanks for listening to Opie and Anthony on portable awards for hanging out and waiting for your CDs to be online. We're going to let you know that **** has a **** and they **** through security, what do you think? **** In the movie. Oh, jeez. I just... Hurry up. Get out of here. Go, go, go go. Go, go, go, go, go. Go, go. Let me try and get one more. One more before we go here. Oh, man, we're coming apart. Just keep going. Keep going. Go down your window. Keep going. Get a little ****. Get a little ****. Ben, close your window. Oh, god. Oh, close the window. Jen, the door is locked. Oh, shut up! Oh, close the window! Oh, oh! Ben! Earl, get out of here! Go, go, go, go, go, go! Lock the door! Go! Jesus Christ, we're trapped. Uh oh. People are throwing s***. Uh oh. You need an escape route, you dope! Got it? Yeah. Yeah, we're trying to get out of here right now. Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Get out of here right now. Earl, come on! They're throwing stuff at the van! Some people are punching the van here. You can hear them punching the van! Get out of here, you a**hole! Get out of there! He's throwing a pen, thank you. Pen? You gave him a pen? Ben gave him pens. They're throwing the f***ing pens at him. Oh, Jesus! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Hurry up! Hurry up! Hurry up! Go, go, go, go! Just go! Just go! You got it! Go, go, go! Oh, Jesus! Hold on that window one more time. I'll get one more. Oh, my God! Hurry up! Hurry up! Oh, my God! Jesus Christ! Drive! Uh-oh. Hello, Rick! Hello! Rick! Uh-oh! Oh, man! Oh, no! What happened? Rick! Oh, my God! Give us a call back if you're listening! Oh, ho, ho, ho! And now, the worst of O.P. and Anthony. Your lowest common denominator. The worst of O.P. and Anthony. Is there anything to settle? The worst of O.P. and Anthony. Quick, change the channel! No! 1027 WNEW. All righty, once again, it is the worst of O.P. and A. It's Rick, the producer, sitting in for the guys. Here, we're listening to the Star Wars thing. We had a lot of people calling up for questions. What were all the beeps? Were they curses? No, that was actually plot lines that, at the time, we bleeped out because we didn't want to ruin it for the people who weren't online for the movie. We just wanted to ruin it for the people online. All right? So, that explains that. And then, we got a bunch of requests also for the outtakes of the Connecticut School of Broadcasting commercial. So, what the hell? Why don't we do that, shall we? As the worst of O.P. and Anthony continues. The worst of O.P. and Anthony. That doesn't sound so bad. The sex man from wall to wall. The worst of O.P. and Anthony. 7WNEW. Ready yet? Hey, this is O.P. Hey, this is O.P. It's the new millennium. Don't wait a second longer to make the call that may change your life. What do I do? The second one? Sorry. Oh, I got to recall Connecticut School of Broadcasting? Yeah, I'll jump in. Just go. Should I say this is Anthony? Because you're not saying anything. I don't like Hey, this is O.P. Hey, this is O.P. and Anthony. The new millennium. Don't wait a second. Hey, this is O.P. and Anthony. Hey, this is O.P. and Anthony. It's the new millennium. Hey, this is O.P. and Anthony. It's the new millennium. Don't wait a second longer to make the call that may change your life. Call Connecticut School of Broadcasting, the nation's oldest and largest group of broadcasting schools, at 1-800-TV-RADIO. At Connecticut School of Broadcasting, you'll learn by doing from radio and TV pros in a matter of months, not years. Keep going. For over 35 years, Connecticut School of Broadcasting have placed thousands of students in the field of broadcasting. They have placed thousands of grads in every facet of radio and TV. At Connecticut School of Broadcasting, you'll train on the latest digital audio and nonlinear video editing systems. Even learn what broadcasting opportunities the Internet has to offer. Even learn what broadcasting opportunities the Internet has to offer. Call 1-800-TV-RADIO today for Connecticut Schools of Broadcasting. Call 1-800-TV-RADIO today for Connecticut Schools of Broadcasting. Schools of Broadcasting. Call 1-800-TV-RADIO today for Connecticut Schools of Broadcasting, Stratford, Connecticut campus, with easy access for My95 and the Merritt Parkway, or in the metropolitan area on Route 17 and Hasbrook Heights. Or in the metropolitan area on Route 17 and Hasbrook Heights. Or in the metropolitan area on Route 17 and Hasbrook Heights. We gotta do it over. Yeah, do the whole f***ing thing over. I can't stand doing f***ing stuff I don't give a f*** about. It's not your fault. I know. It sounds funny. I know. It should not be running during your show. I can't help it if a broadcast agency doesn't have a f***ing sense of humor. It's like K.Y. Jelly advertises butt banging on Opie and Anthony. Sorry, I don't get it. And go f*** yourself. The worst of Opie and Anthony, 107. WNEW. It is Opie and Anthony. Hello, how are you guys? Thanks for joining us. Alright, Ant, you want to get into this rape thing? What? What do you mean? Uh oh, they calmed down. There's this biologist, Dr. Thornhill, and he says that rape is in every guy. Yeah, like it's just a fact of our biology. We are biologically inclined to rape. To rape? Yeah. What the hell is this guy? I want to hear what his logic is. Alright, listen to this. Yes indeed, rape is natural, biological, and involved. That is, there's no question but that rape is biological. Alright, I guess the common thought behind rape is that it's not a crime of passion or sex. It's just a violent act. And people say that the rapist has nothing to do with sex. It's all about power and violence. But this guy is saying that it is just a sexual thing. And it goes back to like caveman time. Caveman days. Where we just forced ourselves upon the cavewoman. You ever see that clan of the cave bear? Who was in that, Daryl Hannah? Yeah, remember that? The guy just like, she's down by the lake getting some water bent over. The guy just comes up behind her, wham! Slams it home. Oh man, we're going to get into some heavy stuff. Mike says the rape comment is true and he'll tell us why. Alright, Mike, what's your logic? Okay, I'm actually a third year psych major at Hofstra University. And I'm going to tell you, ego actually wants to suppress rape only because of the superego. We get punished. But internally we technically want to rape when we're...what? Shrink talk. Okay, I mean it's boring but it's absolutely true. We are born with the intention to rape. The only reason we don't do it is because we feel we're going to be punished for it. Otherwise we just go out there banging everything in sight. Well, isn't that just anything? Like we would rob and... Yeah, pretty much anything that you're going to do that you would satisfy yourself. That would satisfy your ego rather. That's what you would do unless you would feel threatened about being punished about it. Basically we'd go out, we'd rob, we'd rape, we'd steal. Yeah, okay. We would be doing all of that. Well, everybody's got that thing about if your plane was going down, what would you do? Grab the hottest looking chick next to you and just start going. Grab a handful of boob and that's it. Okay, Mike, what's up? You know, listen, at some point all girls, they want to feel that. Not want to be raped. Hold on. Hold on. Explain yourself. At some point, I mean they all have it in them that they want that roughness, not like they want someone strange. Well, wait, you can't make a blanket statement like that. Not all girls. Maybe there's girls that are into the rough sex and maybe want to have some fantasizing. I have heard some girls have the rape fantasy, but to say that all women are into that is... Yeah, like they would just want a stranger to come up to them and assault them like that. She wants to get raped. Oh my God. There's lots of girls that want to get raped. Oh really? It's the truth. All right, wait, the girl with the two nipples is back in the studio. Hi, how are you? What's your name? Trish. Trish. And you want in on this discussion? I think a lot of girls have fantasies that they want to have more spontaneity in the sexual end of things and they'll have this deviant thing and Satanism type of thing where they want to be handcuffed and thrown down. Are you speaking from personal preference? Well, actually it's something that I constantly think about. Really? You want me to punch you in the face? You would love for this to happen to you? Yeah. No, not punching you in the face. How about you start running down the hall and we'll have Psycho Mark chasing. I would like to chime in on some of this discussion. Yes, Mike Tyson back in the studio with the megaphone. I agree with this bitch. I think every woman wants to get raped. Come here, honey. You like that, don't you? Body blow. Oh, yeah, look at those boobs. I do like a speed bag in the gym. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I want to cross my face. You like that, don't you? So you're saying all the chicks they like are, like, getting raped? I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them, but I'm saying a lot of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I'm not saying all of them stand out. I am I could help you out with that double nipple. I'll just bite that bitch off. Come here. Don't, don't, don't hurt me. Don't scream so hard. The police are gonna come. I don't get along with them very well. And if it's a bitch cop, I'm gonna do the job. I don't care. They got a gash, I'm in. How am I doing? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? I'm okay, huh? You ever do that? You got a brain in that head, you bitch? Let me knock you about the skull a little bit. See if I can jar-loose any of them brain cells. Did you ever blow up a balloon? You ever blow anything? Jesus Christ! You're thicker than my head! You ever look in a balloon knot? What does it look like? It looks like my ass. Very good! Well at least you got the right answer. It doesn't look like that. Sorry. My guy's going to give you a Cleveland steamer. You like that? You ever hear of that one? It's also called the hot lunch. It's where you lay on the floor and bombs away with the stinky bombs. Shut up! Goddamn bitches! Then she's screaming like she doesn't like me sticking my fist in there. I'm going to hard tie you, you bitch. Can I do a little more foreplay? I'm going to punch you in your uterus. There we go. Let me just grab a handful of ovaries. That's good. I showed you. See now I know. Don't see me as that man. Is I in like with you? What the hell is this? I crawled inside my uterus. Couple of blows to the vulva. I drive a vulva. Mike, give me more, Mike. Give me more. You want more? Give me more, bitch. Yeah, you keep screaming. There you go. Right in the bum. I went to prison for nothing. Courtney, what's going on? Yeah, hi. I'm a psychologist also. And I wanted to know that if they were saying from the evolutionary standpoint that what? That they like to rape? I don't know nothing about evolution. I haven't reached that yet. That's like puberty for me. I ain't gone through it. What else also? Didn't the cavemen also kill each other to eat food? I mean, come on. I saw that fight where I bit the ear off. I'm still doing that. You need to tell that guy to put himself into a jail and have him be raped. Yeah, by me, Mike Tyson. Exactly. I and Mike loves it. I and Mike would give him a good one too. I had a couple of boys. I would call queens in the weight room proms. It was great. I dressed them all up. They would toss my salad. A lot of controversy on the show today. Trish is saying that a lot of girls want to be raped every day. I'm not talking stuff, Brian. I am green-hoarded, Lee. And it's easier to rape them after you. I'm not talking about you. Shut up! You came to my hotel room. You wanted it. You looked at me. You wanted it. You were running down the street screaming you wanted it. Marcy, what's going on? I just want to know how old Trish is. 28. What's your education, dear? What's my education? We have an education. Yeah, I went to college for two years. It's not a word. Yes, it is. No, it's not, Mike. Trisha, if you know anybody that has been raped in the past, it was not a real pleasant experience. It certainly does not turn people on. And I really think you're a big bimbo. You ain't a rape by any means. Shut up, you whore! Wait a minute. Can I tell you something? I'm not talking technically as far as getting attacked and raped and beaten up. I'm talking about a little bit of foreplay where your hair gets pulled, you get spanked around. It's not anything that's going to physically hurt the woman per se. Okay, I apologize. For us women that listen to ONA, and I personally enjoy you guys, get out of here. This sends out a bad message. I agree with our little hand pulling, maybe a little name calling, some gentle biting and a spade shovel over the head. That's a night out with I and Mike. Oh, look, the whore hung up. Marcy hung up. Well, it's a sick statement by this biologist. Let's play that again. Yes, indeed. Rape is natural, biological and evolved. That is, there's no question but that rape is biological. All right, I'm going out tonight. Look at that. I'm working out on the heavy bag. Only it's your prostate. Patty, what's going on? I just wanted to say that as far as women fantasizing about being raped and everything, as far as myself, if I'm with somebody I trust, it's one thing, but I don't know about women fantasizing about getting raped. What about if you were a big boxer, ex-convict? How would you feel then? Huh? It's such a farce how you hear you being raped. Bridget? Yes? What's up? What can you add to this? I just wanted to say that there's a big difference between rape and fantasizing about rough sex. Not with me. But the whole true definition of rape is when it's sex against your will. I don't care what their name is, Will Bob Peat. I don't care. I'm doing more. Well, I know you don't care about it, Mike, but the point is I think we need to worry about the line that we're crossing between rape and fantasizing with rough sex. That's a big difference, obviously. I love this show and I listen to it every day when I drive home. It makes an hour go by fast. But we need to just be careful about the line that we're crossing. That's all. Thank you, Bridget. You know how you stop that? All the screaming? Yes. Disable the jaw. Most bitches I punched, I noticed they got a glass jaw. They can't even take a punch. It's like it doesn't even have to be a full right hand. It could just be like a short arm left or something and they go right down. Look, Mike, watch this one. Look, get back here. Watch. Down. It didn't take nothing. You made a sauté and you win. Today, we're stuck with the worst of OB and EB. 1027 WNEW. Today, I'd like to talk to you on a very serious note because this is the story of a man overcoming monumental physical pain and suffering. I went to the DMV today and it was really, really ugly. There's nothing funny about what you're about to hear. Everything was organized. I went in there. That's such a part of just being like a man. Just going to motor vehicle and registering your health. You're not a man. Work with me, son. So I get to the lady and I must say the nicest DMV lady ever. She wasn't the problem this time. The last three times, they were the problem. So she's going through all the forms like, okay, we'll get you out of here in a jiffy. And she's going through all the stuff and I'm like, all right, finally. Fourth time going to DMV to get my vehicle registered. This is it. I'm finally going to have New York plates. Please be told, today's world can be namby-pandy. All of a sudden she says, okay, I just need a copy of the title. Is this the title? I start to panic. What to do? What to do? So I had to get the leasing company on the line. This was the last time I went to send me the power of attorney basically saying it's okay to register the car in New York State. You would think the people when they're sending that would send a copy of the title knowing I'm going to need that as well, Anthony. Now you can't expect them to do that. So I don't have the title. So now I can't do it. So now I'm ready to go home, which means I'd have to go back to the DMV for the fifth time. No, no, no. So then the lady sees the panic on my face. She goes, look, can you get the leasing company to fax it over, the title? If I get a fax of it, boom, you're out of here in two minutes. I'm like, no problem. He realizes he's got to get it. So I go out in the hall. I'll tell you the story that you know, I only had 70 cents in my pocket. I called the leasing company and I explained my situation. I need my, you know, the title faxed over to the DMV. The lady says, I can't do that for you. You have to talk to Judy. Judy is busy with another customer. You'll have to call her back. Click hangs up on me. No, no, no. I don't have enough money to call damn Judy. So what do I do? I drive all the way home. He figures. What the heck? And I called Judy and I gave her a piece of my mind. I said, Judy, listen, you have to fax a copy of the title to DMV right now. Will there be a problem? She says, oh, no problem at all. Will you do it now? She goes, yes. I go, OK, I am going to leave my house for the DMV. I expect that title to be faxed when I get there. That is beautiful. All right, it gets better. So I go back to the DMV. Everyone knows now because I was there an hour before or whatever. OK, I spend 20 minutes staring at the fax machine, waiting for a copy of the title to come out. What to do? What to do? 20 minutes later, it is not coming through the fax machine. OK? He said it would not work. After 20 minutes away in the DMV, I am like, OK, there is a problem. Now I have to make another call. I don't have any change. No, no, no. So I am at the customer service. I explain, look, the lady is supposed to fax it 20 minutes ago. I have been staring at the fax machine. There is a problem. I need to use your phone. She goes, there is a phone in the lobby there or whatever. I said, no, I have one nickel. I can't make a call. The lady, supposedly part of customer service goes, you will have to talk to a supervisor. His arm arose. I go, it is a god damn phone call. Give me your phone. Sir, you are building bridges. You are making friends. Now the real friendly teller heard me screaming at the lady and she goes, she goes here and she hands me a cordless phone. I go, thank you. And then I turn to the customer service lady and I go, was that hard to do? He got up and got one. So I call the leasing company again and I go, hi. Remember you said you would fax it in 20 minutes? I have been staring at the fax machine. Guess what? Nothing is popping out. What is the problem? Oh, I will fax it right over. I made a copy of it. It was too light, blah, blah, blah. I am like, will you fax it right now before I come back in here with an automatic weapon and shoot everybody? And did she? She did. She did? Fifteen minutes later, she sends it over. You have got Moxie. And don't let anyone ever take that away from you. And then I paid my 72.50 because I wrote the check and I got out of there. Young man, do you ever look back and wonder what would have happened if you had just given up, if you hadn't followed your dreams? I took five trips to DMV to get my license and my registration. And I think we have all learned a lesson from this. You have showed us that while no man is an island, one man can make a difference. And now I am registered in New York. Pretty cool. I would say you are very cool. A very cool cat indeed. And now, the worst of Opie and Anthony. 107 WNEW. Now we have got to talk to Rick really fast here. On the instant feedback, Randy from Tarrytown, New York, he writes, I just saw that punishment video with Ricky. Holy geez, what a chokehold he had on that prude. Oh yeah, I saw the clip. I haven't even seen it. Go over there and check it out on Anthony's computer. I will explain it while Ann gets the clip. We don't even want to talk about her anymore but we have to do this one last time. Christian, the Oklahoma prude, came down. She promised that she would bring beer and get topless for us and hang out in the studio. We said, cool, we like seeing naked breasts. Come on down. She comes down and turns out to be the biggest prude ever to appear on the Opie and Anthony show. So we come up with this punishment. We make her see the 100 year old lady having sex, a video that Steve from the unofficial website brought in yesterday. And Rick is making her watch this video. And he is really being forceful, which is kind of a good thing. But Rick, look at the hole you have on that. I don't know. Look at her go. Set his toe. Yeah, that's it. That's it. Here she goes. She is going nuts now. Look at her go. Look at her go. She is like, look out. You must have your fingerprints around her neck. Yeah. Rick, what's wrong with you? He is choking. Go into the studio and get the real audio so everyone at home can hear it. We got the audio of Rick and the prude watching the 100 year old lady having sex and Rick is just forcing this poor girl, now I feel sorry for her, forcing her to watch this video. And I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie. I feel like I'm going to be in a movie.