 Hello? Hello? I thought I'd inject a little intelligence into this conversation here. That has no place on this show. I know. Hopefully and Anthony more stupidity on the way. 1027 WNEW. Tell me! Tell me! I'll give you 10 bucks if you know the name of this song, Anthony. Hellman. I used to play it all the time. Is it I'm Just a Girl? Unsung. Don't speak. Unsung from Hellman. Hellman much? Alright, see you up here at Anthony's show. Hey, Joe. Hey, man. We're all in a very, very good mood today for the first time in a very, very long time. I'm in a much better mood than I was last night. I wish it was Friday so I could dedicate an F-You Friday to a company. We have a couple of brand new enemies of the show today, one of which we'll get into later is... No, no, no, don't even say what it is. Okay. Because then people will have to sit by and patiently wait for the other enemy of the show. It's a good one, though. A radio war. My God, I had the worst time last night when I left the show. As you know, Opie, my truck was in the shop yesterday getting brakes. Right? I could have rented you the cabrio. Yeah, that'll be the day. I'd rather stand out on 57th Street for 10 hours. Like you did. Like I did. No, so you know, my truck was F'd up. I needed brakes. So I took a car service in yesterday. I called a good car service in Brooklyn and they drove me to Manhattan. We did the show, had a great time yesterday. I think we had a banner show yesterday. I think we had a fun show yesterday. I go to leave, everyone else left in a good mood, as was I. I call up a car service to take me back to Brooklyn. Wait, wait, were you on dope? Why? Everyone left yesterday wanting to strangle someone. Yeah, I know. I'm embellishing a little bit on the story. There was much hatred in the back office. But now everything is just fine. Everything's fine. Moving forward. Yeah. So you left the confines of the office. Yes, left the building. First I went to the phone and I called another car service. I got to get back to Brooklyn. So what do I call? Who do I call? You got to call a number that's easy to remember. Easy to remember. Tel Aviv Car Service. It's all sevens. It's all sevens. Seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven. Remember them? I don't care who they advertise on. I see Opie's looking around like, I heard that commercial. What station are they advertising on? No, I'm trying to... It's 212, right? Yeah. Okay. So I am sitting... 212-7777. 77777. So they tell me... Isn't that Arab music or something? That's all I have. I thought they were Jewish. I don't even know what they are. So I go downstairs. They tell me 15 minutes. Okay, 815. 815, you're in the car. That's fine by me. Heading back to Brooklyn. Right. Great time. So what's the problem? No Opie. 820, 830. All right, so I had to wait a few extra minutes. Right, I'm good like that. Happens all the time. 840. As for a car, they're 10 minutes late, whatever. 840, I'm like, okay. I got my phone. Let me just call him up. Maybe there's been an error. The guy tells me a couple of minutes. Hold on, don't worry. A couple of minutes, okay. 45, 50, 850. I call again now because it's not a couple of minutes. Now I'm starting to get pissed. Oh, oh, yeah, he'll be there. He's right around the corner. Okay, wait a little longer. Oh, time. I'm not even going to go into the whole thing because more time went by. Go get into it because your head's going to explode like it did in the back office when you told a few people. I went through four different operators over the course of three hours. Three hours? Dude, who waits for a car for three hours? You. And it turned out it started to just become the principle of the thing. You know how the principle is? Yeah. Like you know this building here. It's address, they ask you for the address, and it is 888 7th Avenue. Sure. But I tell them, no, the building is a whole corner of the block. I want to be picked up on 57th Street. That's where the entrance is. 57th between Broadway and 7th across from the Hard Rock. How hard is that? I don't know where to go. I'm on the phone, like I said, three, four different operators of three hours. The last time, I swear, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm crying. I'm crying on 57th Street. Oh my God. You haven't been so frustrated. You're like ready to just break down and cry. Yeah, just like Glenn Close and the Big Chill. You want to like, you know, crawl up into the fetus position and then take a shower. At one point into the phone, I yell, Corky Anthony. I was, I was Corky Anthony. I yelled, oh my God, Mother F-er, I need crack at this point. I need crack. This woman horrified walking right behind me, looks at me like, oh, I'm on the cell phone yelling that I need crack. And I'm just like, it's a figure of speech. Now at this point, the car was supposed to come at 8.15 and what time is it now? Now it's, it's past 10. Okay. It's past 10 o'clock. The last call I make now, I'm like, I am so livid. I'm cursing. I'm just cursing. And then the original operator that I was on with that really heard me get angry gets back on and says, okay, no, we'll take care of this. I'm on the phone right now with the driver. He says he's sitting right in front of the hard rock. I'm looking. There's no car. It's a gray Lincoln. There's no gray Lincoln anywhere around you. He says he's right there in front of the hard rock. I'm like, which, which one? LA? Vegas? They're all over the country, those hard rocks. Which city is he in front of? London. He's at the London hard rock. I say he's lying. He's effing lying. I'm cursing him on the phone. No, he says he's there. At this point, I see the car pull up. He's lying. He ain't there. He's there now at 10.30. Three, three hours. Three hours since you made the call for a car. Yeah. Okay. Just ridiculous. At this point, I'm like, oh, here's the mother effer now. I go up to the car. I bang on the window of the car. Now I'm just insane. I am insane with anger. I open the back door. I fling my bag and I go, it's about effing time. He turns around and he goes, get out of my car. Get out of my car. Now he's kicking me. He's kicking me out of the car. I waited for the car for three hours. He's kicking me out of the car because I'm too violent because he yelled at him. I'm a madman at this point. I've been waiting for hours. So I'm on the phone. I go, the mother effer just kicked me out of his car. He's kicking me out of the car because I'm still sitting there. He goes, get out. Now I go, relax. I'm not leaving. You're taking me home. So the woman's like, I'll put him on the phone and I'll talk to him. And then I start thinking about it. I go, you know something? No. I go, good. F you. I'm not driving with you anyway. And I get out and slam the door. Now I'm stuck. No car, no nothing. I hail a cab to take me to Brooklyn. I got a cab to take me. I called the person back and I said, you know something? You people are effing incompetent buffoons. No one should stand there waiting for a car. And as I'm waiting, there's cars pulling up left and right, people getting in like crazy. The car pulls up. The guy's walking out of the building. Boink, perfectly synchronized and they drive away like the Bugs Bunny cartoon. Duh duh duh duh duh. Swoom, duh duh duh duh duh. Swoom, duh duh duh duh duh. Whizzing down 57th and I'm standing there for hours. And I said to the person on the phone, I gave our listeners a lot of credit here. I said, do you know, I do a show in the afternoons here in New York City. And our listeners are some of the most obnoxious mother effers you'll ever deal with in your life. We love them. They are down and dirty. When there's an enemy of the show, an enemy of the listeners, or an enemy to Oprah and Anthony, these people react. You don't want to be an enemy of the show. You don't. So, Anne, would you like to talk to the operation manager of the car service? Get that eff on the phone. Hey Barry. Hey, first off. You son of a bitch. First off, I'm not an eff. What are you? What is your position at Tel Aviv? I'm the operation manager. And what does that do? I run the dispatch room. You run? Were you on the phone last night? Let me tell you what we did to the guy. First off, he was given, it wasn't three hours. It was a long time. Holy smoke. The guy is a total moron. We suspended him after you. We told him when you got in the car and he threw you out, he said he had another call, right? I don't know what he said. Okay. We gave him a call that didn't exist. Then we suspended him for three days. Three days. That's how long I was standing out there. I understand. Believe me, I'm very sorry it happened. It was a nightmare. You know what? At the time that it all occurred, I was busy with something else. I got wind of it by the second time you called back when he finally did get around the corner. Now, you did give us a different address. No, no, hold on. You did say 8877, entrance on 57th Street. The hard rock is kind of a hard place to pick people up. No, I didn't say the hard rock. If you listen to me and the dispatcher 20 times and the driver 20 times got this message, I even said it on purpose. On purpose, I made a point of saying the address of the building is 57th. I saw that. The entrance is 57th between 7th and Broadway. Is that hard? No. It's a grid system in New York. Not at all. Very easy. Except for Mr. Moron in that car that couldn't find his way out of a paper bag. I wanted to f'ing strangle this son of a bitch. I get in his car and he goes, get off my car. All right. You know what he told me on the phone? What? That Adam called me. He said first you broke his window. I said, come on, give me a break. I was hoping I would have broke the window. But I know what I can say on the radio and I can't say on the radio. Then he said you banged his door. I banged his door. You have to understand from an hour point. I banged his daughter. You have to understand from an hour point. Yeah. This is what the nature of this business is. It's what the drivers are. You know something though? I know. I'm waiting out there for hours on end. I agree with you a thousand percent. We get done here at the station at what? Like seven, we're off the show, seven thirty. Everyone's pretty much leaving. And I don't get home until eleven thirty. I live in Brooklyn from seven thirty to eleven thirty. I finally got home. Fabulous. Well, you know, there's nothing I could say to apologize to make a right for you. I know that. The only thing I could tell you is... Tickets to WrestleMania in Anaheim. I'm kidding. You know, he probably was at the Hard Rock in London. You know, but you've got to realize we're dealing with two hundred and fifty of these guys. We're dealing with a business that communication is the most important thing. And it's very hard to communicate with these guys. How about free rides for all our listeners? No, free rides for all our listeners. How about... You know something though? Dealing with that many drivers and stuff? I'm sorry. That ain't my problem. My problem is getting home. It's not your problem at all. It is our problem. And like I'll try and rectify it for you. How about I get in at 6 p.m. If you call me and I'll give you a free ride to make it up to you. No problems, I assure you. And wherever you want to be picked up in Manhattan, I can take you to Brooklyn. A free ride? You know what I'm doing next week? I'm going to Florida. Well, yeah. That's something that's going to drive me to Florida. You see, I don't get paid by the city broadcasters. I know what you could do. Anthony will be waiting after the show on 168th Street. And he wants to ride... If he wants to be picked up at Columbia Specific Area Hospital, we could do it too. And he wants to be driven to Brooklyn. You know... He's going to be on MLK Boulevard waiting for you to pick him up. Well, you know what? You guys have bad shows once in a while. Not a lot. I do listen to you on the way in to work every day. When were you alerted to this situation? About, I would say, 840. Probably on his second callback. Because I told the woman that I was talking to to please give somebody of some authority there the message that tomorrow you guys are just going to get the best goddamn commercial you better have. That's when I probably got alerted. Well, I do want to thank you, though, for mentioning our phone numbers. Oh, no. You know what happened when we mentioned the number? If I could give the word? I know what it was. Your drivers will be sent to many locations to pick up ghosts. Because our listeners will call these cars at 777-77777 and without even me saying so, without me even making a hint to the fact that they should send a car to somewhere that people aren't, they will do it anyway. Because our listeners are a bunch of son of a bitches just like Opie and Anthony. Well, we might have got one last night from you already, so... No, that was me and I was there. What? Your driver was a ghost. The driver is... That guy, I want his head. I want his head. He shouldn't be driving. The guy should be driving. He shouldn't be driving in this city. He's incompetent and inept. Gone. You know what? That's to say the least with this driver. He is the one. Why do you have him on the payroll? Well, you understand, they're independent contractors. Now, let me explain how our system works. You call us, we send them the call over a paging system. Like over a beeper system. He sees it's going to Brooklyn. Going to Brooklyn is like, you know, it's going to cost him two hours. Cost me money! I'm just telling you what went down. I'm not trying to make any excuses. Cost me money! You know something? I don't like to stereotype or anything. And of course this driver's name hasn't been given out. But what is his ethnic background, if you would please? I assume it's Pakistan. Pakistan! There you go. I hate the effing Pakistanis. They are the most obnoxious race of people on the face of the earth. And the Indians ought to nuke them while they got the chance. Well... Pakistani! Pack your ass with dynamite! Friggin Pakistani piece of crap! Can't even drive a god damn car in Manhattan. It's a grid! It's a grid! 57th between 7th and Broadway. Look at the map. There it is. Oh my god, you can't get lost in this city. The only thing I could say is he saw on his pager where it was going. And he said, oh my god, how am I going to deal with going to Brooklyn? Because you've got to understand, if they go to Brooklyn, 95% of the time they come back empty. And if they go to Queens, we do a lot of airport service. So they come back with someone from the airport. Which is absolutely no excuse. Tel Aviv! I thought the guy was coming from Tel Aviv. For how long I was waiting. I could have gone there quicker. If he was coming from Tel Aviv, he probably would have been a better driver. Why is a Pakistani working for Tel Aviv Cars? Well, we're multinationals. Multimoronical. You'll hire the handicapped, I see. The mentally handicapped. Human! I just hope nobody else is listening to this at work. Why? Because I know I'll go into it tonight and I'll get my head handed to me. Let me tell you something, sir. You have done a good job in talking this out. You've explained to me what happened and that the guy is a complete friggin' moron. I am not happy with suspension. I want termination. I want termination of this Pakistani. Termination goes beyond my responsibilities at work. And the question I have, are you going to set the listeners loose? Absolutely! People, let her rip! 777-77777. Order cars, don't be there. Just like the car wasn't there when I was. At least it'll keep the operators busy. It sure will. There you go, people, let her rip. I want that guy's green card. Pakistani. How'd he get in this country? Probably just saving up money for bombs. Well, you have to discuss that with our president. You know, how he got into this country. But seriously, about the free ride. I will give you one, in fact, if you... A little late, I own a truck. I didn't have a truck last night and I needed the car. You're going to eventually one day need a car. Tel Aviv was not there for me. No, I'll call Vital limo. My friends at Top Notch limo, I will call them. But Tel Aviv is off of my list. I'm throwing it out of the roller deck. It's a hard number to forget, but I'm going to try to forget it. And our listeners, please remember it. 777-77777. Just send cars everywhere, people. I want Tel Aviv limos driving around like a goddamn video game in this city. Like mad men. Like Pac-Man. Like road rage? Like some kind of wacky Pac-Man game. What is it? Twisted Metal? Yeah, like Twisted Metal. Just running over each other in their Pakistani guts flying all over the goddamn road. Alright, sir, thank you. Okay, I'm sorry. And listen, all joking aside, if you ever really need us... Oh, hang on, Kim. Screw you. This is going to be a good show. God, was I pissed. Thank God I hadn't had a cup of coffee before that thing. Dude, you know something, it sounds all fun and well and stuff, but when you are so frustrated and hours are ticking by that you're waiting for something, you know how frustrated you get? Oh, yeah. I was so pissed off. Someone should die. That's how I felt. I was so pissed off. I couldn't even talk. And I swear, I was like, tears of frustration, ready to run down my... I was Mr. Pussy, ready to cry out of 57. I can picture you crying out of 57. Where's my car? Where's my car? Corky Anthony, waiting for his Tel Aviv car that ain't showing up. Let it rip, people. Have fun with it. Alright, let's end the show. Let's take a break, Anthony. Yes. No more on Tel Aviv if you're calling about that. Yeah, we're done. Hang the F up. We've got to get into the inappropriate bail discussion. We've got to talk about Raw's war. Last night down there in the Meadowlands and a new enemy of the show. Yes, another one. All on the way. Stay there. Opie and Anthony. How often do you get to listen to somebody's cell phones or somebody's uterus? More stupidities on the way. 1027 WNEW. And we are back. 212757 1027 if you want in on the show today. There are cars being sent all over the Bronx, the Bronx as we speak. Too funny, man. The instant feedback. Very funny, Opie. People responding to my problem I had with Tel Aviv limo. Barry from Midtown. Guys, 77777777 has been busy since he started bitching. I'm going to send a car to pick up my grandmother in the South Bronx. She died eight years ago. F Tel Aviv. Another guy sending a car to the airport. Anthony, was that a limo? Very funny. Got two cabs flying to the Bronx as we speak. Want to send a cab but all the lines are busy. Oh, there you go. You don't know who you're effing over. When it's the common man on the street that doesn't have a voice, that gets effed over on a daily basis and can't do anything about it, that's what we're here for. Because sometimes you don't know who's there. Sometimes we unite and have power. I like it. I do too. You don't want to be the enemy of the show. You do not ever want to be the enemy of the show. It is such a bad place to be. Well, we have another enemy of the show. We're going to get into that in a little while. Also, we're going to talk about Raw is War. I heard a lot of people had a great time down there in the Meadowlands. Got to thank all the Psycho-Marks psychopaths bringing down the wow signs and all the signs related to the show. We'll have a whole discussion on that in a little bit. But we've got to say hi to the What's Up guys. They're here from the Budweiser Commercial, Anthony. Oh, yeah? Yeah, we've got Paul, Fred and Scott, the What's Up guys. Look at them on cell phones, like making deals. What's up? Making deals. Hey, grab these mics, man. I grab my mic every morning, man. Yeah, that's right. We've got Paul, Fred and Scott. That's right. Hey. Scott's the...that's you, Scott. Fred. Right. And I'm Paul. I'm Paul is the big hair guy that sits on the couch. Fred is the bald guy with the jerseys with a twinkle in his eye. And Scott's the big dude with the arms larger than your legs, baby. He's the nerdy dude with the computer. How are your fellows doing? Pretty good, man. You guys are like Anthony and Opie. You guys are like huge. No, no, we're not as huge as you guys. Oh, yeah. All they've been screaming at since we walked in the door is Opie and Anthony, Opie and Anthony. Syndicate. They're going to be big. Came from Boston. Awesome. Because you know we're from Philly originally. Yes. I was reading up on you guys. There's so much to know about you. We've got a catalog of work. So, that was a little backhanded catalog. No, I'm just kidding. You've got to watch Opie like that, man. Yeah. Okay. I'm a sarcastic son. Sneak up to Opie. So, you're cruising around Budweiser? Yeah. That's good. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I like the product. Good. Are you really? Are you just saying that? No, Budweiser is Anthony's beer of choice. Check out Fritz. Check out Fritz in the office. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. That's right. That's right. Each drunk on the air, ladies. Yeah, what do you think? Does it have coffee in here? Scott, I've got to tell you though, they had to send out a memo because we used to drink on the air. Yeah. We had beers in here all the time. All the time. And it was Budweiser. What? What didn't they care? Well, because something about an FCC law. No, no. I was silly. I'll explain what happened. We started with the Budweiser, no big deal, right? Then we decided to take it to the next step. Swear to you, we had an Opie and Anthony bartender that started showing up. And he was outside the studio with mixed drinks and everything. Swear to you. And that's when the company went, wait a minute, what the hell are you guys doing? Here it is. You know what this show is missing? Us. But we need the bartender back. We're going to need the bartender. Look at that. From Scott Herman, our old boss. Hey, it's the old boss. The old boss. It's our old boss. He's not even our boss anymore. So this memo is null and void. Roman the K. No alcoholic beverages, including beer, wine, champagne or hard liquor are permitted or outside the broadcast. You want to talk? Yeah, really. Unless you want to drink with Scott. Paul's taking big time calls as he does the interview. You know, man, I'm a mover and I'm a shaker. Does everyone expect you to say what's up when you pick the phone up? You know what? My friends actually are like, you know what, man, we're thinking about other ways to say hi to you because we know you're tired. My friends are now coming to the house instead of going, what's up, they're going, hi, Paul. Which is worse. You're so creative. Good evening. I had a what's up guy waking me up on the train on the way home last week. I'm out cold and the phone rings and sure enough, what's up? Everyone in the train was so freaking pissed. Dude, that was me. I passed right back out. We're trying to start a trend too, you know. And play ours. Oh yeah, this one. Hold on. This is a great little catch phrase. Yeah, this one is sweeping the tri-state area. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. That's a great one. You don't know how good that is. Okay, terrific. You're looking a little skeptical, but the okay, terrific is almost what's up. Okay. It's going to take you guys out of the number one slot soon. Okay, that's one way to go. But let's shake it up a little. Let's shake it up a little. Let's get a magic. A little risky. Let's try something. Okay, terrific. It's great. It's fun. So I've got to ask a question. How did this start? I mean, Paul, I'm sure you've answered this question a hundred times. Yeah, so now we take turns answering it. Oh, really? It's like, oh, that question again. Two and a half years ago. Well, first of all, we all did grow up in Philadelphia together. It all began as a peyote-fueled nightmare. And we, uh... It was a hot summer. Wait, who's the one with the chick on the couch? You, right, Paul? That's me, baby. No, I'm Scott. I mean, Scott. Scott. Yeah. That's how I'm coming over this desk. Okay. That's my favorite when you whisper it into the phone. Wait. Yeah, yeah. I don't know how he worked that deal with the nice lady, but... Because personally, I thought... Arms bigger than your legs. Remember that. You know, intimidation. Intimidation and cash work wonders in America. It's something about that sexy big hair guy. I don't know. I just don't think we're... Not ready for it. ...using as much of that as possible. About two and a half years ago, Charles Stone, the director of the New York Times, was in the New York Times. He was in the New York Times. He was in the New York Times. He was in the New York Times. He was in the New York Times. I don't know. I just don't think we're... Not ready for it. ...using as much of that as possible. About two and a half years ago, Charles Stone came to my house... Charles Stone of C&C Films. Yeah. Storm Productions. Came to my house in Harlem, and we shot a two and a half minute short for his director's reel. He had done a number of music videos already, and he was looking to do commercials and film and things like that. So we shot this little piece just to get him more work. They sent his reel around, and some people from Chicago, DDB, need him. Vinnie, the Irish. And Kate, and Justin. And Justin. Yeah, they all saw it. They thought it was a great commercial. They... Okay, next. Backhand, backhand. All right. You're hitting it too hard, man. Stop hitting it so hard. That's the English. This guy's got a great ping pong table in his house. It's got a nice studio. Sometimes we just walk away and start playing ping pong. I didn't even need a pad. Don't mind that. Do we need to explain the ping pong? When you're taking too long, it's like, you're playing ping pong. You're playing ping pong. You're playing ping pong. You're playing ping pong. You're playing ping pong. You're playing ping pong. You're playing ping pong. Do we need to explain the ping pong? No, no. When you're taking too long, right? When you become verbose. Long way. We have a train too, which is pretty funny. That's good. Want to hear the train? Go ahead. Now try to finish your story before you get hit by the train. Okay. All right, here it is. So then, the origin of man... The earth cooled. There were two atoms that came together. Oh, man, you're on a train in here. Somebody move the ping pong table. It's going to crash. There's a train coming down the tunnel. See, we give a man full time. Next stop, Times Square, West Forth, and... Oh, that's a hell of a hole. That crash just doesn't stop. That crash just doesn't stop. My back. My shoe. My shoe. My shoe. Okay, so two and a half years ago... We have short film. Short film. Irish-style Harlem. Harlem. Yeah. Bloodsod. Fame. No, Vinnie and Justin at DDB saw it. And Ken. Took it to Budweiser. And Budweiser, which is a beer manufacturer... King of beers. Here in America. They recognized the genius. The genius that is Charles Stone and said, Hey, Stank. Bang. Yo, fellas, back in Philly, we call this clowning. They clowning us up in here. I just got clowned. And to sum it up, the rest has been history so far. Yeah, do you want the Apache helicopter? Oh, when that comes in, it gets ugly. Yeah, you don't want the Apache helicopter ever. Any other new catchphrases in the future? You know what, man, we've got a catalog. I'm sure you guys hang out enough that you've probably got 20 things between you. We don't want to tell them what shim-chwai means. No, no. Don't hit them with the shim-chwai. No. Really. That's when we get the Trojan ad. Shim-chwai. You know, it's funny, we get a bunch of guys coming up to us all the time, because guys watch sports. So we're talking amongst ourselves. I'll get some chicks. We're talking amongst ourselves in the limousine. Because, you know, that's how we get around. And we were like, you know, we need to do a Massingale commercial or something. So the woman gets a chance to know us. We get in touch with the ladies. How would you do that? Get in touch with the ladies. With rubber gloves. You know it's the 28th, that's nice of what's up. Oh, for God's sake. Mark's writing, your mom's box. And I don't even know why you would write that. Why are you writing your mom's box? Why are you writing your mom's box? For Massingale, I don't know. Now go wash your hands. And he has on a t-shirt that says, wife beater. That's our psycho Mark. He's out of his mind. He is crazy. Well, very good. What's up, guys, man? And you know what, guys? We've been in a lot of studios across the country. This is a nice studio. You ought to be here when we bring the whores in. Really? We're hanging out. It's amazing. This is our last stop, so we're hanging out. We get like girls in here and they do all kinds of, uh, we have them on the couch in the corner. We had a bubble bath on Friday. We heard. A kiddie pool with a bubble bath. Three girls in there. We put a couple bottles of Budweiser in there, I do believe. In where? In the pool? Oh, yeah, of course. They had a bud-bull bath. A bud-bull bath. A bud-bull. A bud-bull bath. That was mine, ladies and gentlemen. Well, you guys didn't even do the what's up. You did like, you know. We could do you a picture one. Whoa, what's the matter? Man, that'll cost you your career, man. Here you go, here you go, here you go. Notice the cough button there. Hey, open your ears to me. What's up? You gotta do it because I know he's listening. My brother-in-law, just say, fish, what's up? Fish? Yo, fish! What's up? What's up, fish? Is that fish with a P-H or a F? You know, guys, we're friends. Anybody else you want to see, you know. Second grade teacher. You guys must get that all the time. You guys must get that all the time. You guys must get that all the time. You guys must get that all the time. The lady at the grocery store and all the cab workers at, uh... They probably stop you in the bar and go, come on, man, do it, do it, come on, come on, do it. I'm missing 400. Guy's like, can you give me one? He's a guy, the bug eyes, man, I got my wall decorated with your boxes. Like, what the hell? Is Scores still there? Scores are still around. All the girls at Scores. Ah, but later. Yeah, yeah, the girls, you know what the girls... Y'all gonna find out what's up. It's about 10 o'clock tonight. The women that meet us on the street, don't be afraid to come up and say hi, we're very nice guys. All you guys, get shy. I want you all to work on being bashful. We love you all, we know it's coming from a place of love. Oh my gosh, I'm so bashful. Alright, do one to the Opie and Anthony listeners too. Uh oh. To all the Opie and Anthony listeners. What the... I don't know what's wrong with you people. Can't you find something better to do with your afternoons? Sitting around listening to the radio. What kind of a nightmare is Opie anyway? Hey, if everybody's out there listening, on the count of three, just everybody, just all across the Tri-State area. We're gonna get one big what's up, everybody. This is the Opie and Andy show, and there's like three people that are gonna go, why? One, two, three. What's up? Did you guys stick your tongue out? Oh sorry, I was trying. I'm just a white kid from Long Island. I'm trying to be cool doing the what's up. I'm a white kid from the island, I don't know, I just grabbed. Alright Andy. Andy, Anthony. Anthony. Well very good. Well we do have to take a break, but if you guys want to hang, you're more than welcome. We're waiting for the ladies. I wish we knew you were coming in advance, we've got like the lesbian bath going on. I think we have something set for tomorrow, right? What time? Tomorrow we got girls with... Three breasts. Ooh, I don't want to be here for that show. I know, that's pretty good. Just don't turn your back on them. Yeah, it's two girls, one of which has a strap on. It's not for our pleasure. Don't turn your back on them. Hey look man, whatever floats your boat. Yeah I guess so, but I don't know. I'll be the guy. The strap on ain't floating my boat. I'll be the quiet guy in the corner that never takes his hands out of his pockets. Well we'll be looking for a new bud guy. Paul just talked to me. Are you going to be filming more commercials? We just did another set of five last week. Oh, yeah? Another set of five last week. How'd they start airing yet? Have you guys seen the superhero thing yet? Oh yeah, yeah. Have you seen this monkey thing? I haven't heard the monkey scene. The presidents? Have you seen the presidents? Someone did one with the... And they're all doing what's up, right? Yeah, the superhero ones. Yeah, you're pretty much sick of us by now. Alright, we have to take a break. One more what's up or what? Hey New York City! What's up? Let's go to George real fast. George, you're next on WNEW. Hey guys, what's up? Yo, I just saw a person on MTV with a wow sign. Yeah, I heard that. A little fat guy. A lot of people calling up saying there's some fat kid with a wow sign on MTV right now. Yeah, they had a really good shot of him. Dale from Jersey. Yo, I'm watching TRL and there's some real fat kid holding a wow sign. It's funny as hell. Very cool, thank you. Yeah, man. Alright, indication now. The psychopaths have been on a roll lately, man. Want to say hi to the Hofstra guys real fast? Real fast or what? Alrighty. We got Kenny, Brian, Billy and Doug. They went to the Hofstra game the other night. And, um... Uh oh. What happened? What happened? He's doing research for the show. What are you looking at? It's 4 o'clock, COVID. Market closed. Oh no. I know I should have waited. What did the market do today? I believe it. It took a huge dump. What was it down today? I'm punching that up right now. But it didn't start off bad. You know. And now it's looking pretty grim. Some late day trading going on there? Yes, a couple of stocks down. More than I would like to see them. Just say that. Did you lose all your gains from yesterday? No. Not me, but they are in the let it ride position. Let it ride. Let it ride. Well, let's say hi to these guys and we'll talk about the stock market a little bit here. We got Kenny, Brian, Billy and Doug. You guys were at the Hofstra game. That was on ESPN, right? No, no, no. Alright. That's NCAA tournament Hofstra, right? I want to say thank you to Anthony over there for picking my boys to go to the final four. Yeah, there you go. Come on, Hofstra. Come on, Hofstra. How's it going on? You forget about the Belladope. Hofstra doesn't have a chance. Are you guys all from Hofstra? Yeah. You guys need some rest? Oh my god. How'd you guys... Wait, wait, wait. How'd you guys smuggle the beer in, man? They don't love the beer in here anymore. Nobody's looking. Nobody's looking. None of you guys are dating my niece at Hofstra. I don't know what's her name. Anybody in the fine radio program at Hofstra? No, she's actually very cute. Fat girls are fun too, man. They're a lot easier than the skinny chicks. Are any of these guys... They give the best hummers. I think it's the most offensive song out of my head. Which one? The most offensive song of the week. Oh, that one. I know, that was stuck in my head over the weekend. Speaking of that, hold on. There's a note here. Will from Jersey. Well guys, I would just like to let you know that I got suspended for singing Baby Raper. A teacher heard it and said that it was the most offensive song ever. Oh wow, there's another vote. If you went into the Hofstra game, they would not let us bring it in. What, you had a Baby Raper song? Baby Raper song. Yeah, that one kind of... So you should have went for a Killa Fetus song. Now you could have gone in. Yeah, that's the guy that penned Killa Fetus, Billy. Look at that. Billy more pop to him than the What's Up guys. What is that? Killa Fetus! We have a story about Killa Fetus. We should tell that really fast. We're all over the ball field here, but we were meeting some pretty big clients today. Were you there for that? Yeah! In the office. The sales people around here will never ever learn. Don't bring clients to our office. The office has just naked pictures all over the walls. There's a blow up doll in the corner that says you're a mom that has a pen stuck in the back door. In the poop chute. There's all the strippers and porn stars that have been on our show. They sign stuff. The pictures on the bulletin board are probably the most offensive things. Because we're not just going to hang up naked pictures. They have to be so heinous and so bad to make it to the coveted bulletin board. Neil, you brought him in, right? Will he talk about it, Rick? Go ask him. Will you talk about this on the air? Alright, so Neil brings these two clients. We won't mention the client's name because there's a chance that we could get them back. Salvage it. So they walk him into our office, Ant. And what does the one really fine looking lady, very conservatively dressed in a very professional suit, she shakes her hand and she does a quick glance around the office. And what does she see, Ant? She sees the offensive bulletin board, the new edition, which is tacked over a lot of the other stuff. A... I guess... Kill a fetus. Kill a fetus. Facts. That's what it is, it's a fact. And it's basically the torso of a woman with the circle slash through the belly. And it says, kill a fetus, dripping bloody letters. We've been infant in the belly. So she goes running. She goes, oh my god. She even did a second look at the below end doll. That's the one that really put her over the edge. She went, oh my god, turned and walked out of the office. And we're just like, oh, oh. Quick, get me back to the safety of wins. Yeah. Get me up to the 10th floor. How did I sink down here? She actually said it reminded her when she goes to the auto mechanic. Oh, yeah. Yeah, the mechanics with their toolboxes in the garage, you lift that up and it's just like spread eagle. Yeah. Like, hey, you want to get me my ratchet? I thought you told me how she paid for her repairs. Oh, man. Okay. So she saw that and went running and then said something about how the client is very psyched out. I'm looking forward to working with you. Okay, very wonderful. So anyway, let's get back to the guys from Hofstra, Kenny, Brian, Billy and Joe. You know, Opie, the first radio show I was ever on was on Hofstra Radio. Yeah, we are too, guys. Yes. A guy named Eric Heuler was the guy. He's probably still working there. I think he is like in charge of it now or something like that. Why are we affiliated with Kilofetus? Why are we affiliated with Kilofetus? Why? You? I don't know. He's a big fan. Uh-uh. He's out. Uh-uh. It's an offensive song. Were you offended by it? I loved it. Oh, okay. It almost made me puke. You guys got a big wow sign in the overpass over Hempstead Turnpike. It's just like you know the big overpass. I was on the way in there. We had a big wow sign. Yeah, it's true. The hottest blonde girl you've ever seen. You got wowed? Yeah, we had one on the way in. Wait, one at a time into the mic. 46 feet. You're walking on 57th Street. Hottest blonde girl you've ever seen. I swear to God. Yeah. Boom. We're just walking on down because we're all pretty loaded. Like wow! They haven't stopped drinking since Hofstra. Yeah, but I tell you, I've had a wow sign on my car for at least a year and a half and I have not had one wow sign. Oh, not good. It's horrible. Well, it'll happen. How's the neighborhood around Hofstra these days? Little Terrace Avenue actually. See, we don't go that far. Oh, no. Yeah. Stay close. We try to stay by Levittown. Stay close to the compound. I hear you. The minute the signs start going from English to Spanish, you've gone too far. You got the bull-proof glass rolling through the hush-a-pockets. It's like being in, remember the scene from King Kong on Skull Island when they went outside the big doors? You know what trouble is out there, don't you? The minute the deli becomes bodega, it turns around. Yeah, that's true. You have gone too far. Go back, white boy. But they have that overpass. They call it the Unispan. They call it Hell's Gates once you go past that. It's all over. You're done. You're done. I love the guy who has the college board. It's just past that line. He's out there. Why aren't I getting the kids? Where are the college kids? Hey, put that gun out. Oh, wait. You're a block too far. A block or what? Oh, I said block. Oh, it's always got to go that way, doesn't it? Come on, I'm in our Terrace Avenue. Hey, wait a minute. Get it right. That's the inappropriate bell, and this is the wacky horn. Yeah, very different. You guys know Terrace Avenue over there in Hampstead? Of course. Yeah. They got a 7-Eleven right over there. Wings and things. Well, guys, we want to thank you for coming by with this. I know. Definitely. Thanks for having us. And they were on ESPN and all that. They got to pop some big clubs. They brought proof. If you become a psychopath, you get your signs on TV, you come down to the station, you hang out, and then you leave with some great, great stuff, man. I was hoping Psycho Mark would be here. If we go for St. Patrick's Day for him. You want to see Psycho Mark? Yeah. We'd love to go out with him right now. Bring Psycho Mark in. Bring Psycho Mark in. Anywhere Psycho Mark wants to go. That's great. Psycho Mark coming in. Here he is. Here's your leader. Here he is. Here's your leader. Oh, my God. It's like when the Fuhrer met with the Hitler Youth. It's great. The Fuhrer meeting the Hitler Youth. Psycho Mark wearing his wife beater t-shirt today. Yeah, that's great, Psycho Mark. He's walking around with a black shirt with, in white drippy letters, it says wife beater on it. That was for you. Yeah, why do you get one of those? Oh, yeah, that's great. We're in line, sent it for you. Why would anyone send that for me? To be recorded. I'm nothing but the nicest guy in the world. I'm going to need you to shut up. The client you guys offended with the wife beater shirt. She loved that even more. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. We tried for a half hour to try to get a No Doubt poster, but we couldn't find one. Ah, damn. We looked all over the city, we couldn't find No Doubt in Taubot. Thanks, guys. Well, guys, we want to thank you. Can you sign my NSYNC poster? Yeah, you guys do look like NSYNC a little bit. I heard the What's Up guys do that to you, right? Yeah, they do. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. I'm going to need you to shut up. It's the Opie and Anthony Show. Moving right along today. Got to thank Vince McMahon for coming back to the WWF last night on Raw's War. Vince McMahon, back in charge. What a comeback last night on Raw's War. I'm calling for an anal intrusion match. Yeah, Raw's War was at the Metal Lands last night. A lot of our listeners were obviously on hand because the show related signs were just overabundant. We had Psycho Mark and Spaz down there. They said they had a great, great time. The show itself was great. At the end, who was it? It was the big show and The Rock going at it, right? Yeah. And then Shane got involved in the match. Next thing you know, a limo pulls up. And our prayers were answered. The door of the limo opens and Vince McMahon finally back in the WWF. He's been out way too freaking long. The storyline with Stephanie McMahon was cute and fun at first, but it's over. It's done with. We need Vince back. He finally came back last night. Triple H freaks out and he clocks him, knocks him out cold, goes in the ring, knocks out his son cold. And the place went nuts. The people definitely looking for Vince to come back. And when he did, oh my God. He came back in style last night. They went crazy. And then he counted the big slow out and The Rock goes to WrestleMania. There you go. But besides that, we got to talk to Psycho Mark and Spaz. They were on hand. Whose beeper is going off? Oh, that guy. Even when we try to. What does that mean? Feeding time? I'm feeling me. Good speech. What was that? Let's go to the phones here. Jerry, what's up? Yo, what's up, O&A? How are you? Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. There were a couple of those in there last night too. I was there. What a show. Yeah, you know who held up the main okay terrific that you saw on TV pretty much every other shot? That was Psycho Mark. Really? Yeah. There were some bunch of guys running around with sheets going, can O&A. And unfortunately, just couldn't catch on. But there were like three or four different sheets. That's called the Ku Klux Klan. Yeah, just about. Even in the Mezunid area, there were guys running around with signs, O&A, O&A. My daughter was looking at me and I go, okay, terrific. She goes, Dad, stop it. I was watching from home last night. I could not believe all the signs I saw. Oh my goodness. I saw the okay terrific. I saw all the wows. What else did we see? I'm trying to remember now. There was an O&A syndication now with a wow on it. Let me see. Oh yeah, the FBA sign like you just said, okay terrific. Where's the other list of the signs? So it was your fun banks. It was this. Is that one? Tom Lickett. Hey, Opie. Yeah. Hey, I almost got into an accident yesterday when you screamed when Anthony hit that gunshot. I was on 287 in New Jersey. We ought to isolate that because I've got to hear what that sounded like. Oh my God. I almost pissed in my pants and I almost got into an accident. It was so bad. It was so funny hearing it on the radio. It was so real because I know when Ant's pushing his little sound effects over there, I didn't see him go for the machine. We're talking about a really bad neighborhood. Next thing I know I hear gunshots and I jumped. Oh my God. It was so funny to hear it. I'm sorry to bring up bad memories but it was so funny. Thank you. Hey, great job. Thanks. Bye. That's an impressive shot. It's so real sounding. Mark, what's going on? O&A. How are you? How's it going? Great. Did you like those guys? Oh yeah, it was great. I was at the show last night. Raw? Yeah. Oh, it was great. I was in Section 128. We had the chant of O&A going. It was great. The best part, when we saw this hot looking girl walk down the stairs and she had a sign Rusty Trombone was the best. Yeah. It was the best. They had Hummer. They had Whale Eye. They had Leather Cheerio. They had all the signs out last night. Yeah, you guys did a great job. The whole show was well represented last night. Oh, it was great. One of the better shows. You believe it, Vince McMahon got a bigger ovation than The Rock did. Well, he came back in style. How could he not cheer? I know. Cheer that entrance last night, you know? Yeah, it's starting to get a little, you know, with Stephanie and... Yeah, now the story lines are going to get nice and interesting. Yeah, yeah. Cool. All right, Mark. You guys are the best. Thank you. Syndication out, buddy. All right. You know that the WWF wants us to warm up the crowd April 15th when they come back to the Garden? Oh, really? They want us to like jump in the ring and like, you know, say hi and stuff and throw out some stuff and get up on the top rope. I'd love to. And break our neck. I know. Yeah, that's what would happen. But it looks so easy when I see it on TV. Oh, come on, we got everybody in there for a four corner fight club. Get all of our... We'll just get Psycho Mark, bring him up. I'm going to try and invade the ring. I'm going to try a back flip. Oh, yeah, there you go. Like the Hardys. Yeah, from the turnbuckle. All of a sudden you'll be Christopher Reeve. Hey, you better just finish your story or Opie's going to fall on you. Hey, Karen, you're going to be the one to fall on me. I'm going to be the one to fall on you. I'm going to be the one to fall on you. Hey, Karen, you're next on WNAW. What's up? Hi, guys. I was at work from last night and I had an OK, perfect sign and a wow sign. Oh, thank you. OK, terrific. Yeah, these are spas there. After we saw them, we couldn't even watch the show anymore because we were too busy paying attention to them and where they were going. What, Psycho Mark and spas? Yeah. I heard they were working the crowd. They were all over the place. Yeah, they were all over the place with their signs. Oh, cool. Yeah, and I was in the middle of the night. I was in the middle of the night. I was in the middle of the night. I was in the middle of the night. I was in the middle of the night. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. We've coming. Cool. Thank you. All right. Bye. Bye. Go hang out with the, what's up, guys. Aaron, what's up? Hey, what's up? How are you doing? Good. There was a guy holding up a wow sign during one of the last matches and there's a guy next to that side that says we put the M in stupid. That was a funny sign? Yeah. I saw that on TV. It was on half the night. That's a very good sign, yes. What do you guys think about Mae Young and Moula? uh... powerbombed off the stage last night and i think that that was pretty good all sabbath brain where she can a break in that because i don't know how an old bag like that can just onto a table like that and i mean obviously it's a great matter and it is something but uh... yeah i don't know she's the old ladies fall down and break their hips on foam rubble absolutely and she's a good call for a better night or uh... we have no tickets today unfortunately uh... now i got to go with a friend from work and stuck at home uh... guys have a great night thanks everyone but let's go to jay jay your next and w a w a l a how are you because don't do right uh... you get to the uh... fb a time for uh... made fifteen minutes a row after yes i did it may be less really hard body since i'm yes it is a day and then it was like a decrepit by hand and some the fb a sign uh... great job but what to do with uh... the uh... uh... them to jibranis in the early this morning uh... any w getting syndicated you guys can get the ticket to deal with that i don't know they'll get this eventually the company i guess yeah it seems like it seems like anyone else that has a show on uh... any w get syndicated senator i suffer as i had a sense of the other three that that i've been black from the near clip from the fight in their and their discussion of the past we're getting out of it we're going to get their share indicated that they felt thanks for the effort of you guys will get their very uh... all right later guys by another sign that turned up last night uh... eric points out guys so i can't dog sign on t dot last night jay dole kate dole have we have a welcome spas back to the show i know spas is back out there's a lot of instant feedbacks coming in wondering what the hell happens back in my quest up a don't guys that was my fb a time yesterday with the the credit or the other side of the one or the whole of the final ran home from work at the river at the site of work with the d don't know all my Halloween decorations through the side together real fast that never been more proud to be a fan of you guys at all family a little kids in front of me they'll have to look at the time of the rock at the time of the full-blown eight-time behind them family values for you right there right you know we got to do for the next uh... one that is uh... on t day we have to get spas in mark to just walk around the whole arena and pick up the best only show sign and front row tickets with their side he came right in front of me down section one twenty was pointed the sign at a small fbh and going on but uh... we could get to catch on because i mean that you were i mean that you're on t v and all that but you know if that's i was like in the world all god gave me a little band-aid dot everything when we got to do this right did anyone see the bit that uh... any baby raper signs are now and i want to wear everything else yeah now your side was the best man i was at home on my call my god that i just see that right public around friday maybe bring the final and they're going to go with that uh... you're more than welcome yes on some things that now that's on you have to break on bring it with me because we're going to do it and take it from you i think but you're speaking will take it and will probably put it in our office of the governor of friday if i could next to the kilo fetus uh... facts that we got the other one of our program thank you mike even as uh... is this true smackdown statement the coliseum tonight or this is a good thing see if we should do it tonight uh... man him before we should get the nice tickets send one of our boys down there best side at front row tickets that'd be great i don't know their taken tonight they've been taking uh... a lot in this area well i i don't bring your signs and did not know that bring your signs right this guy needs a needs a sign idea uh... rob it's a big on tonight here at the program copy of the paper track on tonight he had good tickets here i did make a good not bad uh... one time it says uh... may young have my hand and i have a big red bloody and that's good uh... i got a lot of one and i want to know any suggestions you guys might have uh... i don't know everyone was pretty creative with the signs last night trying with trying to think of one we can do for tonight that they'll allow on on t day to day and they do take uh... the nasty signs kill a feed us uh... yeah f e e d and then u s like feed us okay kill a feed us people all right man article thank you that that that that all right uh... well let's get the second market spas in here next anthony yeah we gotta talk about uh... another radio stations van getting completely destroyed yesterday another enemy of the show by our uh... faithful listeners it got a little ugly yesterday and today uh... well it is uh... wrestling so yet i'll take it out of the parking lot there and and will tell the story next day there and your mom did say i was hot come on mom don't bang open mama yellow giant serial windows