 OP and Antaclinate. Well you got to bug stupid. You're like a black eye for all mankind. I don't think they're very nice people. The only way I could actually think they were funny was to be gone heroin. OP and Antaclinate. You know, I just like want to throw up. Feel the love. 1027 WNEW. I'm used to the crazy people. Oh, don't ever underestimate the psycho factor in my head. Are you mental? No! It's our show! I'm a mad man! I'm getting hit! You sound like a stalk-raising mad person. No! I'm getting hit! No! Don't ever underestimate the psycho factor in my head. No! OP and Antaclinate. Look at you, Joe! Who's sane and who's insane? 1027 WNEW. NEW. I'm a listener for 20 years. Yesterday I was working and I was in my car and I wanted to respond to something Carol Miller said. And I was something positive. So I pulled over and tried to call you guys and I got such a run around and I never got through to Carol. Do you want us to find Carol for you? Well, yeah. Is she around? Sure. Hold on a sec. Great. NEW. Yeah, hi. I'm a listener, fan, whatever. I'm trying to reach Carol Miller. Okay. Responding to some stuff she was talking about yesterday. Alright. You'll need personnel. Hold on. Okay. Thanks. Hello, personnel. May I help you? Yeah. Hi. I'm a 20-year listener and a fan of the show. A station rather. And I was trying to reach Carol Miller yesterday and unfortunately I couldn't get through. And I was wondering who I can talk to to try to either leave something for her and get a fax number. I'd rather talk to somebody though but... Talk to somebody for Carol Miller? Yep. Oh, hold on. You need the Jock Line? I'm sorry? Please hold. We'll connect you to the Jock Line. Jock Line. Okay. Thank you. Jock Line. Hi. Hi. Is this the Jock Line? Yes. Who am I speaking with? This is John. Hi, John. Hi. My name is Cindy Wright and I'm at least a 20-year listener. Hi, Cindy. Who are you looking for? I'm looking for Carol Miller who might not still be there but I'm at work and I tried to reach her yesterday and I couldn't. I don't see her in the Jock Lounge. Okay. Hold on. She might be in the break room. Okay. Hold on a second, please. Thank you. Break room. Pete Polina. Hi. Hi. They're trying to connect to Carol Miller if she was in there. Oh. I just saw her go by. I think she went to our office. Okay. Thank you. Hello. Carol Miller's office. May I help you? Yeah. Hi. They're trying to connect to Carol Miller. Carol Miller. And who is this calling? It's a 20-year fan of the station who needs to respond to something she was talking about yesterday. Well, I'm sure she'd love to hear from you the things she's on her way out. Let me see if I can connect you to the garage. Okay. I'll leave a message. You can contact me or maybe I'll call on her. Let me try to connect you to the garage. Thank you. She might be in her car. Hold on. Thank you. Yeah. Garage. Hi. They're trying to get Carol Miller so I can respond to her. I'm a 20-year fan. I'm just trying to leave her a message in person if I can. And they said you might be in the garage. Actually, I can connect you to her car phone. She just pulled out of here in her Mercedes. Great. Hold on a second. Okay. Hello? Carol Miller's car. Carol? No, I'm taking Carol's car up to get her. Oh, okay. Hello? They told me I... Wait. Hold on, please. Hold on. Okay. Thank you. Get out of the way, you son of a bitch! This is Carol Miller's car! Get away! Yes. Hold on, please. Okay. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello? Is Carol around? I'm a 20-year fan that's just trying to reach her and they keep trying to find her for me. Hey, well, I'm a 30-year-old Con Ed worker. You reached the phone booth. How can I help you? You gotta be kidding me. No, I'm not kidding you. Who's this? Are you serious? Because I was just on the phone with N.E.W. and they kept connecting me and connecting me and connecting me. Well, they connected you to a phone booth. Great. All right. Thanks. Who's this? I just told you I'm a fan of W.N.E.W. that's trying to reach Carol Miller and I don't know how it's... I'll tell you... Hold on a minute. Hold on a minute. Wait. Hold on. Can you connect me back? I'll see what I can do. If I hit the thing. Hold on, Lee. Okay. Thank you. This is United Flight 36, 7 Heavy. Hello? Yes. This is Air Traffic Control. I don't want Air Traffic Control. I was trying to reach Carol Miller and they keep bumping me around. Why are you on the aircraft frequency, ma'am? This is United Flight 7 Heavy. Can you somehow connect me back to Carol Miller's car phone? I'm trying to land an airliner, ma'am. Well, it's a crossing of wires. I apologize. It's not my fault. Ready. 300 degree flaps. Hold on. 300 degree flaps. Okay. I'm trying to land an airliner. Okay. Goodbye. Goodbye. I don't have time to... Goodbye. It's so cool. I have nothing to do. I think every time we open our mouths, we're pissing someone off. We're out of control. We're so lucky. All right. Knock it off. 1027 WNAW. Hey. Hey, gang. It's FU Friday. Yes, it is. With your pals, Opie and Anthony. Hello. We're here. Phone line is 212-757-1027. You can send your FUs into whoever you like through the fax line 212-957-9639. Or you can use the instant feedback through the WNAW.com webpage. Okay? Just click our section and you'll find us there. Also, a bunch of people want us to start promoting AOL chat rooms. Really? Yeah. We did it yesterday and I guess it was a huge hit. I guess there's Opie and Anthony chat rooms all over AOL. I believe in Town Square. So if you want to join some freaks from the radio show... Not like any of the AOL chat rooms I've ever been in. I know. I remember when I used to go to the AOL chat rooms, it was usually to trade pornography. That was the best. Remember that? Remember before... I mean, we're talking before the internet really had websites that were just chock-full of porno. Everyone had it, but there was no real place that it was stored. So you had to trade it. You traded, you go into a chat room and you're like, Hey, any GIFs? GIFs? GIFs? Any GIFs? I'm looking for JPEGs. JPEGs? Of like anal. Anal? You got them? And then all of a sudden you're a male. You've got mail. Bing, bing, bing. You're like, Oh, I got some new ass pictures. I'll trade you naked pregnant pics. Yeah. But now you can just find it on the web. That's all I have. You've got mail. You've got mail. And it was like, it was like getting a GIF, right Anthony? Yeah. But then you'd have to, uh, you'd have to send back some. Uh-huh. I'd always bail out of the room at that point. No, you were one of those dirtbags. Yeah. Just take my freebies and leave. I used to hate those people. I promise I'll send back if you send me one and you send them one and then they bolt on you. You've got cash. All right. Well, uh, do you have any FUs today? Let me think. Hey, F you to, uh, the people that were supposed to deliver my foosball table Wednesday. What happened? They never delivered it. I'm pissed. What about my foosball table? Maybe you weren't home when they were delivering it. That's no excuse. Is it like the cable guy you got to wait around all day for the pen? Yeah, for a foosball table. For a foosball guy to show up? I bought a foosball table and, and, and it hasn't been delivered. They said Wednesday and I tell them the hours I'm going to be home and nothing, nothing. No note shoved in the door. Nothing. And you're not sharing? Why? With the show. What do you mean? If you bought a foosball table, you got to like bring it into work. Can you imagine a foosball table in the, in the studio here? That's for, no, no, that's for my playhouse. Well, what about the... Ames Galore. Ames and fun. What about the Opie and Anthony tree house we're building here? Have one of the sales people get us a foosball table. You know, eventually the studio is going to be completely ours and we're going to make everyone else broadcast somewhere else. Somewhere else? Oh yeah. We're going to like remodel this whole place. It's going to be just, I don't know. That would be pretty cool. A foosball table. Yeah, we could just like play while we're broadcasting. We'll have a TV with PlayStation 2. Yes. Hoi, hey. PlayStation 2. You see all the jazz waiting for PlayStation 2? Yes. They're all waiting online. Hoi, hey. Wait for PreyStation. PreyStation. Yeah, they're all sitting online waiting for PlayStation 2. All right. So your FU is to the foosball people, Anthony? Yeah. All right. It was the family gaming center over there in the mall over in Staten Island. Okay. I'm pissed. Send me my goddamn foosball table. I'm pissed. All right. Well, my FU is a little weird, but I think people will understand. A big FU to the daily news. Yeah. The sports page, sports, the back page of the daily news, you know, they have the sports obviously. Yeah. Big FU to the daily news for showing a picture of John Starks in a bull's uniform. That is sacrilege. Absolutely sacrilege. Poor John Starks had to get traded to the bulls. He doesn't want to be there. We're embarrassed for him. He has to like play for the bulls when, you know, the Knicks just absolutely hate the bulls, always have, always will. Yeah. And there's like John Starks, who was one of the hearts of the Knicks teams over the years in a bull's uniform. And then the daily news has to show the picture on the back page of the daily news today. Well, the post has him in a Knicks uniform. That's why I didn't give the FU to the post because the post was smart. There they show John Starks in the uniform he should have on, the Knicks jersey. It says bring back Starks. There's a chance that the Knicks might get John Starks. This is basketball, right? After you, Mark. Life doesn't revolve around a smoke and dope. There's other things people like to talk about. And one of them is the Knicks and sports in this town, you ass. Jesus. It's a big deal, Tuss Nick fans. But yeah, they're reporting that the Knicks have a chance of getting Starks back. That would be huge for the Knicks' playoff run. It would be absolutely huge. He was good at getting the home runs. Or is it the touchdowns? All right, man. If anyone wants to do sports for our radio show, apply. Come on. We need to talk sports a little bit on this radio show. It's doing great. I'm pouring my heart out about the Knicks and John Starks and no one around here cares. Sorry. All right. I would like to, but basketball just ain't my thing. I understand a lot of people like it, and that's cool. It's very New York, the Knicks. Oh, I was upstairs? Yeah. You know the old boss, Scott Herman? Scott, yes. Who we still truly love for the fact that he brought us to New York and all that? Yeah. I went to visit him, and he's the holder of the Knick tickets. Ah, yes. For a keeper. For WNEWN wins. The keeper of the ticks. So you got to go up there once in a while and you spend some time with him and then you start hinting about the Knicks and stuff. Oh, is that your angle? What are you kidding me? I don't know what your play is. You think I go up there just to have coffee with him and stuff? Yeah. So I shoot the S with him and stuff, and then I start talking about the Knicks casually. Hey, uh. I'm like, hey boss, you know, if you have any tickets laying around, you know, you know who to give them to, right? Oh, I got a couple over here. So he goes into his little cabinet. He goes into the drawer, and I'm like, oh, yes. I'm thinking he's going to give me tickets to a really good Knick game, right? Yeah. This shows we don't rate at all with the old boss. Oh, come on. What did he give you? Vancouver. Is that bad? Yeah, that's bad. Why? You get to see the Knicks. Knicks Vancouver game? You want to like Knicks Toronto. You want Knicks Miami. Knicks Celtics is always a fun game to watch. What's wrong with Vancouver? They're 18 and 39. Is that bad? That's really bad, but. I don't know. But I want to thank the boss for giving me a pair of tickets. You're going to see the Knicks, not Vancouver, so who cares? All right. Well, and we should come across with some tickets to like the Yankees or something when they start playing. That's what I want to see. I didn't get any last year. Nothing. Maybe a couple of Jets Giants games during football. Nothing. Nothing, nothing, nothing. Basketball, he's got them out the yin-yang. We had a ton of Jets tickets last year. Oh, yeah? Yeah, we did. No one offered many. No one really wanted to go after Vinnie went down. Yeah, that was true. You know, it was kind of a drag season and then they turned around and had a really good year. Yeah. Considering. But at first, no one wanted to go to the games. A lot of his tickets just rotted in that drawer of his. Rotted. All right, and we got to take our first break here. All right. It is FU Friday. On the way, I got a song for the critics of our radio show. Oh, you do? Oh, yeah. It's pretty funny. All right. It's a new song from Red Peters. Red Peters. From his new CD. And we'll play that next. How's that? All right. And more of your phone calls. Stay there. Opie. Boring. Anthony. Boring. Producer Rick. Boring. Spat. Yay, yay, yay. The Opie and Anthony Show. WNEW. Sometimes you feel like a mess. Booty dooty. Sometimes you don't. You guys are going to burn in hell. Opie and Anthony. WNEW. It's FU Friday. Another fine week of radio almost behind us here, Anthony. Yeah. We'll pretty much talk about anything we covered this week. Just in case you didn't get through during the week when we were discussing. We'll talk about the We'll do some closure. Closure. It's a psycho battle. You need closure. Yeah. If something hits you a little funny this week and you want to discuss a little further, that's fine as well. Look, we got some new stuff planned for you as well today. All right. John from Forest Hills on the instant feedback. Oh, get over Starks. He lost game seven against Houston in the 90s. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. He's a great guy. We got Spreewell for him. Spreewell? Who's better than him? I love Starks' heart, but he was so erratic. You're right. You are right, John. I'd rather have Spreewell the choker. I'd like a guy that'll choke somebody every so often. I think he'll just be a good backup and he would give the Knicks a lot of heart as they go into the playoffs. And why not? Why not bring back Starks? It would be a big boost for the team in this damn city. That's all I'm trying to say, if you think about it, really. Got a little Brian Regan to me today. That's all I'm trying to say, if you think about it. We're going to have to play a couple more tracks from Brian Regan's CD. That went over very, very well yesterday. Yeah. We're kind of trying to turn you guys on to the stuff we like, finally. The music we like, some of the comedians we find funny. And we're going to expand that concept of our show in the coming weeks, OK? Absolutely. All right, let's go to Jammer. Hey, Jammer. Hey, what's going on? O&A. How are you guys doing today? Real good. What's up? That's good. That's good. Hey, on the way home last night, I was listening to, was it Don and Mike, the new guys? Yes. Yeah, and they were extending a hand to you. You're looking forward to coming to New York next week. They want to sit down and throw down a couple beers with you guys, party, get wasted. Sure. I don't think they can party like us, though. Well, I know you guys are going to show them how to do it, right? They've got to be, like, what? Fifteen years older than us. Are they? I don't know. You know, one of them... I've known some older guys at the party. Honestly, we're looking forward to having beers with them. They sound the right... The only thing... One of them sounds like Lycus, man. I just can't get over that. No, no one sounds like that to me. Well, you listen to one of them. Jammer! Exactly, exactly. What happened? I'm gone. Yeah, Lycus, we don't talk about him anymore. Done. We accomplished our goal. We got him out of this damn thing. Hey, you did it, man. You did it. You did it. All right, Jammer. Hey, listen, real quick. I tune in up in Boston every once in a while. I'll let you know what else we hear up there. When we get up there, we should drive a big truck. Oh, okay. I know who you are. Yeah, yeah. Run for Destiny Transport. Yeah, you're the control guy. All the guys in the bar listen to you. You know, they're all... Yeah, he makes the trips to Boston, to New York all the time. Yeah, full-sweep. Cool. Jersey. Out of Jersey, man. All right, Jammer. Right now, coming out of Anthony's hometown in the Static Island. Got to pay my dues here and get back to the Yard. All right, Jammer. We got to fly. Hey, have a good one, guys. We'll talk to you later, right? Diamond Dust, Wrangler, 10-4. Diamond Dust. Oh, big F you going out to the Bergen Record, the latest media outlet that has convinced that you and I are going to Mornings. Oh, yeah? What'd they say? That we're going to Mornings. Oh, well, that's easy. We already said we're not going to Mornings. A lot of people saying we won't have a choice in the matter, though. Okay. A lot of people saying... Oh, yeah, right. Okay. If the bosses say so, we jump and we go. That's it. No, we're doing too well in Afternoons. We're doing really well in Afternoons. Yes. We're going to the latest little ratings thing we just got today. Thank you. Thank you to our listeners. Yeah. And to our critics. Go F yourself. Again. Again. Still, yeah. Please. Um, eh, want to play this little ditty for the critics, Anthony? Yeah, what is it? Yeah, what is this? It's a brand new song from Red Peters. Red Peters has a new CD out. Uh-huh. And it's a spelling song, Anthony. A spelling song? Okay. A spelling song especially for the critics of the O.B. and Anthony show. All right. Take a listen. Yeah. All right, Red. Another fine piece of work from our buddy, our pal Red Peters. The spelling song off his new CD. That rocks. I kind of like it. It pretty much says it all, right? It's wrong of him. Let's go back to the phones. 212-757-1027. We go to Scott. Scott, what's up? Oh, hey, what's going on? How are you? Big FU at Columbia High School. Why? Because they're failing me in all these classes for cutting schools. Well. Yes, man. Well, what do you expect? You got to show up. Well, I'm smart enough to do the work. I might as well get wasted and, you know, and a big FU to end for not liking basketball, by the way. All right. Hey, I was watching the on TV last night, the QBC guy was on. Yes, yeah. He was going absolutely nuts. About what? There was some kind of spring sale that they were having. They were like giving away all these cards. You reminded me of Chris Farley. Just his face was all red. He was sweating. Yeah, he gets out of his mind, that guy. He had all the cards and he was like throwing them around. He was knocking stuff over and stuff. It was absolutely hilarious. I love that guy. I haven't seen him in a while. He was loving Stan Musial and Sosa and McGuire. Still selling Sosa and McGuire stuff. How could there be any more Sosa and McGuire rookie cards out there when they're limited edition? Sosa and McGuire rookie cards. We've only been selling these for five years, people. There's only eight trillion billion up. I can't do the voiceover. I'm trying. I can't do the voice today. You almost made it through the week. The voices will be back Monday. See, I shouldn't delve into the QBC. Look at you. It's a mess now. Scott, you just killed them for the day. What about the Regis? How about Kathie Lee quitting? No, no, no. All that's going to have to wait until Monday. We do have good news though. We're going to have a call from the former president of the United States of America today. That's easy. That's how you guys talk. All right, thank you. That won't kill your voice too much. That doesn't hurt that much. Okay, very good. Dude, you almost blew out your voice. I know. We have four hours to go here. I felt that itchy thing going on in the back of my throat. I'm like, oh no, here it comes. Hey, Liz, you're next on NAW. What's up? Hey, I'd like to give a F-U, excuse me, to my new ex-boyfriend. New ex? What? 8.30. What'd he do? He woke up at 3.30 in the morning. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. He denied me. My sister drove me home. We fought the whole way home. Then we woke up the neighbors in my neighborhood. Really? Yeah. It was a big crazy. But I'd like to give him an F to you. What did you say? Do me and he said no? I'm sorry, what? What did you say? Do me and he said no? I've been asking him for days. He's been denying me. He has no problem taking the B, Jaze. No problem with that. He doesn't want to work at it. Exactly. I'm tired. Well, we get into those moods, us guys, where we just kind of get into the moods. The boy doesn't even have a job. What's he still calling you from? Really? Yeah. We're more like the Cracky Smoking during the day. Sounds like a bum. Sounds like a bum. Sounds like you might be better off. I think I am. All right. You guys are amazing. Well, thank you. A big F to you to your ex-boyfriend. Thank you. And one more thing. You guys, when you play music, you should try Slipknot. We like Slipknot. You're right. I am. You're right. Fabulous. All right, man. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. We're going to go. Love the Knicks. I used to like the Nets when they played on Long Island, but that's been a while, obviously. Love the Knicks, Nets, and Jets. Oh, well, okay. I can forgive you for the Jets, at least. Really? Yeah, because I have season tickets for them. You don't like basketball? No, not really. I'm 5'2". I can't reach the basket. It doesn't matter. You don't need to be tall to watch the Knicks. No, but you know, I got the scarring from gym class in high school. Yeah. So, you know, it just never worked. I don't know if you guys ever heard of them, but there's a band named Dream Theater. I know Dream Theater. Awesome. All right. I went to the show at Roseland. Yeah. All the F-U's are people who start mosh pits. All right. As I said, I'm 5'2". I got clocked in the head numerous times because of all these like little 12-year-olds moshing. You know, we should talk about mosh pits. There's bands you just shouldn't be moshing to. Dream Theater is not a band you mosh to. Well, tell all your little listeners, because there was all the like the super-moshers. There was all the like the super little kids. Oh, I think it's a corn concert. Finally punched somebody in the head. You know, I spent 35 bucks for a ticket. I don't want to get punched in the head. Let me tell you, I have been in the mosh pit for corn, and it is one of the sickest pits you'll ever see. Exactly. So you bring up a very good point. It's not a corn concert. Not a Dream Theater concert. Yeah, Dream Theater is just, you don't mosh to Dream Theater. You kind of sway back and forth to Dream Theater. You get those lighters out every once in a while for Dream Theater, you know? Exactly. And I have to get in the guy who also tried to grab my breast when he was trying to get to the front of the stage. Well, you got to give it to him. Well, come on. My boyfriend didn't even get to enjoy the show because he's worried about all these, you know, jerks trying to grab my breast. That is, that does kind of suck going to like a concert with chicken stuff. Exactly. Because you can't even enjoy yourself. You got to worry about all these dopey-ass guys trying to... Trying to grab everybody's heart. ...like pop feels. Amanda, you must have a nice set though. 38 days? Yeah, there you go. Big enough? You're working it. Yeah, well, you know, when you go to the show, that's all I had. My arms are on the breast and the boyfriend behind me. Yeah. All right, you guys rule syndication now. Thank you. Bye. Bye. There she goes, Amanda. Facts coming in. Let's go, Rangers. All right, as you see, I'm tooling up over here. We got the coffee. We're going to be set today, Anthony, once again, okay? It's going to be a mess again. Let's go to Mary. A lot of women died checking in today. Hey, O'Neill. Maybe we'll turn this into ladies' day today. Mary, what's up? Hey. Hey. Love you guys. Thank you. Big F-U to the Canadian border. Why? Because my girlfriend and I went to drive up there to go visit a friend. Which border? Because I've been over many of those. Johnston. The one that Ogdenburg is on the New York side and Johnston's on the other side. We went to the Cornwall one also. Is that the one that's for Montreal, right? No, we were going to Ottawa. Oh, Ottawa, okay. I haven't been through that one. Stupid Canada. Well, it's a pain in the ass to cross the border into Canada, man. Totally ridiculous. So you guys got caught doing what? Well, I mean, we weren't doing anything. My girlfriend, like 14 years ago, she was 18 years old. She was asked by somebody who was, I guess, didn't have a very good reputation. To drive her to her quote unquote cousin's house to pick up a couch or something like that. Turns out it wasn't the guy's cousin's house and she ended up getting caught. She was sentenced to 10 years, but they dropped it to five years. It wasn't a couch either, it was cocaine. No, it was not. It was a couch and like two hunting duck things. It was ridiculous. Why? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. You're making no sense. What was the charge? The charge was aiding and abetting, fifth degree burglary. Oh, what? They broke in somewhere and stole stuff and loaded it into the car? Yeah, she stayed in the car. She didn't know it was going to go on until they got up to the house. Anyway, so they went to drive away and the people who owned the cabin stopped them and saw all their stuff in the car. They called the police. Anyway, so she got busted. But it was 14 years ago when she was 18 years old. So we went to try and go over and they wouldn't let her through. We tried to go someplace else, the Cornwall one, the Cornwall crossing, and they wouldn't let her go over. I see what you're saying. You can't go to Canada? Yeah. That doesn't make sense. There must be more to this. It was 14 years ago. Anyway, we were really pissed off, but that's my big F you. They suck. Well, thank you, Mary. Okay, thank you very much. Have a wonderful day and I love you guys. Thank you. Have a great weekend. You too. Bye. Bye, bye, Mary. All right. Well, Ann, we've got to take a break. Yes. The last couple days we've been featuring tracks from Brian Regan's comedy CD. Very funny guy. We're going to have him here on the show. He was in here about when we first started here at N.E.W., like the second month we were here. So we're looking forward to his return visit and we encourage everyone to go see him. I'm not sure where he's going to be. We'll have all those details when we get closer, okay? Yes. But here's a track, Lousy in Little Lake. I love this one. Check it out. We'll be back. You guys can come play. Piss me off, okay? One, oh, two, seven, WNEW. And it's FU Friday. I need something to do. 2127571027 if you want in on the show today. Psycho Mark's in the studio with a couple of his psychopaths, I believe. Psycho Mark, who do you got over there? My friend Jack Devaney. As a matter of fact, we got fired from college radio together. Oh, really? All right. It was quite an interesting incident, I may say. Wait, wait, wait. Psycho Mark used to do college radio. He ran a college radio station, right? Psycho Mark? I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe it. College radio. Did you hear the stories of Psycho Mark? He used to like, um... Why not? Can I go into it or what? I've heard the dope stories. There were job interviews with ladies and stuff, right? Oh, wait a minute. Was there a casting couch to be part of your little radio team when you were the program director? Ben? Oh, great, Ben. Here we go. Let's talk about Mark's program director days. All right, Mark. So Mark was a program director of a college radio station. There's a lot of college kids out there that want to get started in radio, Anthony, and a good place to start is college radio. Of course. And unfortunately, some of these people had to come across Psycho Mark as they're trying to get their careers going. Ben, tell them one of the stories. Well, there's so many. How about the story of why you got fired? How many times did you get fired from the college station? Like three. One of my favorite stories was there was the Duck Tours in Boston. Yeah, those stupid things. And they went by. What did you say? How did you put it? The Duck Tours. The Duck Tours used to go by and everyone would go, quack, quack, quack. The Duck Tours, for anybody in New York, it's an amphibious vehicle, like an old Army surplus thing that they load tourists in and then plunge them into the Charles River. And they go floating around and looking at things. Yeah, look at this. It's Boston. Oh my God, it's wonderful. Not to be confused with the Ted Kennedy tour where you don't come back from. And as I remember, a couple of years back one of those duck boats flipped over. Every so often they flip over and a bunch of tourists perish. And it's the funniest damn thing that happens in that town. The Duck Tour. So the Duck Tour is going by. I'm live on the air. I'm like, oh yeah, gee, there goes the Duck Tour. I'm going to start my own tour. Instead of driving around the good parts of Boston, we're going to drive around the bad parts of Boston and we're going to yell, crack, crack, crack. Instead of quack, quack, quack. And you got fired for that? Well, I said, we'll go to Roxbury or something. Rock Dorchester. It's predominantly black. Yeah, very safe neighborhoods up there. The president of the college got about 15 phone calls within the next three minutes. Really? Wasn't he sleeping with some of the chicks? Come on, Ben, tell the stories. Oh yeah, well, tell stories about how some of the girls got shows on the stage. Oh, come on. They had to have a little audition. Ed, Ed, Psycho Mark had a casting couch. Little girls would come to the stage and they want to start their radio careers and they pretty much had to sleep with him to get a show. Oh man. No, wait a minute. This is getting blown out of proportion. Oh yeah. Oh, I love that. That's against the law, I believe. This is totally getting blown out of proportion. How many of the personalities did you sleep with? I lost count. A few, right? A couple, yeah. A couple. But I mean, I didn't give them shows like instantaneously. It wasn't like that. Okay, terrific. We got that one now, honestly. You're going to hear that clip about a million times today. Okay, terrific. What about the day you got busted for the clouds coming out of your car right in front of the radio station? Like James McAuley. I was thinking Lincoln. We're in there with a meeting with the general manager of the station. There was another kid that didn't like Mark. So he came in and there were clouds of just pot coming out of Mark's car right in front of the station. So Mark gets the word about that because we have our audio class at four that day and Mark splits, but only Mark's luck, the exact same Lincoln, parked in his spot. The professor was a little pissed off at that point. But Mark has many definitely long stories. Didn't you also get fired for mooning the whole school or something on closed circuit TV? Oh, that's right. It's all coming back. They had a camera inside the studio and it was being fed to all the dorm rooms so all the dorm rooms could watch what was going on at the radio station. Look at that, interactive. So as being the program director, I was getting a lot of complaints from some of the female jocks saying, you know, a lot of guys are calling up saying, nice kids, you know. And I said, well, Jesus. What do they expect? Well, exactly. I said, well, we'll have to put an end to this. So one day I'm on the air and there's one kid in the dorms, it just happened, he would not stop calling me up going, oh, you look really handsome. I'm going to come down there and give you a rusty compound. So finally I started losing it because he kept calling and I started giving the camera the finger and all that. So finally to the point where I got up on the console and I pulled my pants down and I mooned the camera and he presented the common cap to be giving a tour to about 25 business people while it was being broadcast in the dining hall. Okay. You got to know when to use that line. Okay. Terrific. Well, thank you, Mark. Guys, here's the studio. Anthony, what's up? My brother was, I wonder, a duck tour. He just started going out with his girlfriend. He'd been going out with her for about a week and they decided to go away. And the town they were in was hosting those duck tours. About two hours into the tour, he broke out with the dump sweats and there was nowhere to go. The dump sweats. And to make matters worse, they're driving around the duck tour and he's just thinking, what are the dump sweats? We can't get past the dump sweats line. What is it? Could you explain what the dump sweats is? The dump sweats are when you got a gun and there's no way you can fight. And you're going to have that accident, which leads to further into the story. They got caught in traffic going back. And the whole time the captain's like, who wants to drive the boat next? And he's hunched over. He's thinking about jumping in the water now because he's got to let go. So on the way back to the hotel, he ended up letting it go in his pants. Okay, terrific. Really? Which is a good argument for the tighty-whities because that's the only thing to save them. But on the way back to the stall, he took them off and then threw them under the toilet. Yeah, sometimes you've got to do that. I just thought that was amusing. Good job, man. Syndication yesterday. Well, we're working on it. Thank you. Take care. A couple more rating trends like today and I think it will be inevitable. Ah, got to say that. Got to thank the listeners once again. Thanking the listeners, yes, for knowing what show to listen to in the afternoon. Mark, you're next on WNEW. What's up? Hey, how's it going, Nolene? Hey. You guys are the best. All I got to say about that, I go to Rutgers. I'm pretty stoned right now. Hey, hey, are we funnier when you're stoned? You got to just find no matter what. It doesn't matter, man. This sounds better a lot now. I'm just a little hungry. But I just think F-U to all the fat and ugly chicks at Rutgers, at the bars. Why? They're just ridiculous. You know, you see this pretty girl and she comes up to you and she smiles and looks like she has bites in her mouth. It's just ridiculous. Now, one girl was like a Sasquatch. It was a horrible night last night, guys. So fat girls are hitting on you at the bar? Yeah, you know. Fat girls need loving too, man. But this girl looks like a Cadillac. Well, just smoke a lot more pot. You won't know the difference. I need to drink some more beer like that, I think. All right. By the way, I work at a local club in New Jersey called Shout. I'd love to have you guys come down. All right, we'll be there. It's a big club. Now, if you could switch me to someone, that'd be great. Like how big? 2,000, 3,000 people? About 2,500. Really? Yeah. All right, because we're trying to figure out where to do the next road show. It's got to be in Jersey somewhere. Yeah, it's right in central New Jersey. You guys, you have diehard listeners. Central Jersey might do it. You know what? I'm going to put you on hold and Rick's going to talk to you. That would be great, guys. I really appreciate it. We'll see what you're about. Hold on, all right? It's indication yesterday, guys. All right. Yes, yesterday. Let's go to town. Tara, you're next. You have an FU today. Yeah. And what's that? FU, to see you on Apple. You were at the show the other night when she had her little tantrum? That skinny little bitch. You know, some of us make our money and we don't get it from mom and dad. So when she sings five songs and then goes off, like, come on. Yeah, a way to take care of your fans. I mean, most of us, we don't have a lot of money to throw around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around to get around. who played the wife Claire Uxtable on the Cosby show in the 80s. And the US Postal Service has put out a stamp commemorating the Cosby show. For Phil Farnswell. So that means everyone could lick the Cos? Everyone can now lick the Cos without the Cos getting in trouble. You see? I see. Remember yesterday a girl claims I tried to grab her hand and stick it down the Cos's pants. To play What's in the Cos's Pants? What's in the Cos's Pants? Right. Looks like a snake peeking its head out of a pool rack full of afro hair. What's wrong? White afro hair, got a little gray. What's wrong? Phil Farnswell. Phil Farnswell, yes. The interesting thing about the Cosby stamp is that the Cos himself makes his own adhesive for the stamp, you see. The continuous line of 20 year old girls putting their hands down the Cos's pants. Girl stickier than jello pudding down there. Phil Farnswell. Stamp shows the living room of the Huxtable House. They fit a lot of stuff on this little stamp, huh? It's the entire living room of the Huxtable House. The couch where little Rudy sat with her little mustache. The stairway that Theo would come down and I'd teach him about how to get girls to put their hands down your pants like your father. Feels good, so gooey. We're going to do it. Phil Farnswell. Suck my Huxtable. On the stamp, it has got the couch. Remember the memorable couch of the Cosby show where I first sat with Felicia Rashad as we was kissing. And I whipped it out and just said, hey, what are we going to do about this? J. Moore joke from yesterday. Phil Farnswell. That's a good call back from yesterday, Cos. What are we going to do about this? Phil. So are you denying these charges there, Mr. Cos? Deny, deny, deny. Yeah. You know all the charges from the 20-year-old chippy that said, I tried to stuff her hand down the front of my pants. I tried to stuff my hand down the front of her pants. She was down there, big pool rack full of April here and her too. Poor Phil Farnswell. Young actresses say the darnedest things, huh? She wanted to touch fat Albert. That's what I call him, down in my pants, fat Albert. Girl, Phil Farnswell. Bigger fat like a tuna can. Hey, Cos, you're just not getting it with your wife, Camille, anymore or what? My wife, Camille, couldn't get wet in the rainforest. The Cos is 60 years old, so is Camille. And the Cos needs something a little younger. Well, what's the problem with Camille when she's naked? Oh my God, that's not even funny. There are filth and flarn and filth, flarn. It's disgusting. It's disgusting. It's dry, dry, dry. Big camel toe. She got a big, look here it is. Hello? Hey, Camille, look, I'll give you a tour of Camille's game. Hello? Look, it's little Rudy. Here comes little Rudy. There's Theo. And the other kids, I can't remember their names. Phil Farnswell. And here comes fat Albert. And the Cos begins running out of Camille's big game. Hey, hey, hey. You see. Hey, hey, hey. That was the Cos' bonus. And I put a single thumb for you. Now put your hand down to Cos' pants. Grrr, grrr. Grrr. Your hands are now with me. Phil's going to be a new Cosby stamp. Yeah, seems that way. Seems that way. Ow. Lick my stamp. I think I just broke a tooth. Oh, okay. What you know. It's a little episode, a bit down. Okay, terrific. Very good. All right, looking forward to licking the Cosby stamp. Licking the Cos. Lick the Cos and put it on your letter. Touch my penis. You see. All right. I would like to talk to you about my penis. Grrr. All right, Dan, we've got to take another break. This is the last day. We're featuring tracks from the Brian Regan CD. He's coming in soon. Want to turn you out to something that we really enjoy. These are funny gentlemen who's never touched a Cos' penis. Grrr. And here you go. We'll be back in a few. I'm all for violence sometimes. Hey, you guys are a bunch of pussies. God, I want to punch you in the face. That'll leave a bruise. It's FU Friday. Thank you, thank you, thank you for listening to us once again today. We appreciate it. And by the looks of the latest ratings trend, it looks like a lot of you guys are listening. Thank you very much. We appreciate that. We appreciate your support. Yes. Wonderful. Radio chick had a little bump in the ratings trend, too. Yeah, a little tick up there. It's nice to see another show here on NAW. Going up, starting to show some signs that there might be some life here at NAW. Oh, it's still early to tell. Trust me, we understand that. But all I know is, and this is the God's honest truth, driving home last night, listening to Don and Mike, get to the house, shut the car off. I had to stay in the car. Whoa! And that is something I don't think I've ever done at this station, at least. You know? Driving home, went to shut the car off, had to listen to see what they were finishing up with. Very good. Very funny guys, Don and Mike. Yeah, Don and Mike are like you and I, plus 10 years. Yeah, it's like us if we were maybe a little more organized. You know? How true you are. Maybe in time. In time. We just like the format of this show. Yeah, it goes anywhere. Who the hell knows? Some days, you know, we're a laugh riot and other days we just flat out suck. We know it. Oh, well. But you guys support us. You stick with us through those ruts. And we're like a retarded friend. You know, it's like, oh, he had his good days. He has his good days. Where he's not banging his head on the wall. That's like a bad day. But then there's the day that's like, I got the McDonald's with you. And it's like, oh, can you take a McDonald's? You have a tender moment with your retarded friend. And then there's the day banging the head on the wall. I'm a con dog. But even the bad days are entertaining. Well, even the bad days, you realize that they are special. Yeah. No one quite like them. We're waiting for the former president of the United States of America to call in. We got to talk to him today. There's an interesting story in the paper. We'll get him on in a few minutes here. But first, Andrew, Andrew, what's going on? Hillary Clinton came to my school today. Hillary came to your school today? Which school was that? Robert E. Bell Middle School. I'm a former president of the United States of America. Hillary came to your school today? Which school was that? Robert E. Bell Middle School in Chappawa. In Chappawa? It was Citizenship Day. You live up there where she lives, huh? Yeah. Actually, I live in Barclay. That's got to be fun. What grade are you in? I'm in eighth. Eighth grade. What stupid speech did she give you today? She was saying something about how fortunate we are to be in the U.S. and to be citizens. Wow, that's a stretch. I thought she was going to say how fortunate you guys are to live in Chappawa. Dude, how fat are her legs? She was wearing pants. Of course she was wearing pants. I really couldn't see. That's got to be really nice. Clinton loves women. He loves to F. He loves getting BJs. He loves fondling women. Look at what he's married to. The most masculine, unfeminine, pants-wearing, suit-wearing dyke that you can imagine. It's got to be torture for this guy. Torture. Please, somehow, get Clinton back in the White House another four years, at least. I'm going to miss that bastard. Did you take something away from the Hillary visit there, Andrew? Me and some of my friends were thinking of Channing Rudy, but the cops were staring at us. It's a free country here. Free speech and all. You guys could have yelled, Rudy, if you'd like. Yeah, but they might have gotten detention. Imagine that. What are you in for? I yelled, Rudy, at the First Lady. You should have said, show us your fun bags. Might as well go the distance if we get detention. All right, Andrew. She didn't give you a speech on guns or anything? She give you the gun speech? No. She already forgot about that one. On to the next thing. She went to that little school, and she's like, If you ever see them, don't touch them. You will promise me. Shut up. What a campaign ploy. She could have did the same speech saying, don't touch penis. Yeah. Get all the little girls in the room. Just think of me. All right, Andrew. All right, you two guys are awesome. Thank you. All right, see you. We got to move on to Dawn. Dawn, what's going on? You're next on WNEW. Hey, guys. What you doing? Talking to you. I was wondering if you guys might be able to help me out. Okay. I'm here at my boyfriend's house right now. He's at work, and he should be home pretty soon. Yeah. And what I wanted to do for him was surprise him with a really great night of sex, but also to do anal. Whoa. You're taking the big step, huh? Well, we tried it once, and it was a little bit painful for me. And I didn't know if you guys had any tips that maybe you've used in the past that maybe I could let him know, because he's probably listening right now, or maybe you might be able to... You've tried it before? Yeah, it didn't really work out the entire way. And what was the problem? It hurt. Okay, terrific. It hurt. Yeah, it was just wanted as... I just didn't know if there was just some way that you guys knew of just like making it feel a little bit better. I know it's going to hurt. Well, are you lubricating or anything? Yeah, we use that, but I have a lot myself, so... Yeah, see, that's, you know... I think you've got to work yourself up into a froth. Oh, absolutely. I suggested drink like a gallon of wine. Is any booze coming into play? Get some of that cheap box wine. Oh, of course. There's always wine here. The wine in the box. The $6 box? Yeah, the expensive one. And what is he doing? Is he just kind of climbing aboard and going to town? Well, you know, the whole floor play business first, but... No, I mean, right at the point of, you know, where he's ready to go. I mean, does he... Is he gentle? Yeah, he is. He doesn't just like, you know, plunge into it or anything. Have you tried like a shoe horn? Is he a big man? Bigger than average. Yeah? Maybe you just need different lubricant. Maybe that could help. You know. So what happens is it's just hurting a lot. Yeah, it was just... It got to a point where there was just this one part, like, yo, and, you know, then it was like, okay, I can't do this right now. Oh, a little resistance? Yeah. Maybe you're not relaxing enough. Maybe you're clenching up. Yeah, that's why you got to get a little more relaxed, a little more wine. Yeah. You pretty much just got to suck it up. You're almost there. You're almost there. Take the pain! Take the pain! And I was wondering, you guys, if I could also maybe play the game? Which one? What's Down with Amstrad? You know, we played a lot this week. Yeah, call back next week. That's one of our new bits that we don't want to burn out. Or is there another game I could play? Because I was thinking maybe there was some WWF tickets because I'm a huge fan. Oh, really? Yeah, it's Can I Fit a Phone in my... No. Yeah, we don't have wrestling tickets until later on today. What time? I'm not sure. In about an hour. Any gift certificates or prizes? Hey, are you going to be doing the anal before the end of the show? Probably not. Probably about seven. Oh, damn. I know. He doesn't get out of work until seven. Hmm. He'd love to have you on the phone while he tries. I would do that. I wouldn't mind it. I'm going to hear you. So guys, I... Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Billy! Do you have a bed post? No, no bed post. Oh, that's too bad. That would be great, man. Have you guys seen the video of the bed post girl? Okay, guys. I'm ready. My boyfriend's going to attempt right now. I don't think we should have a problem. I'm pretty lubricated. Oh! No chance of getting a certificate either? Well, there's a lot of guys that want to give you advice on how to take it. Okay. I don't know. This could get ugly. All right, we'll try one and see where it goes, okay? All right. Let's go to Joe. Joe, you're on with Don. Hi, Don. Hey, Joe. What's up? Not bad. Listen, the only thing, when I introduce my ex-wife to it... All right, Joe, be careful. I want as much of this on the radio as possible. No, I'll be... Oh, it's perfect. All right, go ahead. No problem. When I introduce my ex-wife to it, instead of being up on all fours, on your back. With your legs up. With your legs way up. Way up. Behind my ears? Oh, if you can. Like you're hanging meat. I'm serious. Yeah? The ankle penetration's a lot better. Okay. I'll keep that in mind. All right? Well, thank you, Joe. Oh, and hey, you're the best. All right, thank you. Bye. Well, Joe, give him some advice. Let's see if another guy has some advice here, Anthony. Let's go to Fred. Fred, you're on with Don. Hey, Don, how are you? How you doing over there? Hey, Fred, keep it between the lines so we can get this on the radio. Do you have some advice for Don? We're going to do our best here, guys. Okay. Elizabeth, what I've found is the best way is on all fours for her, and what you have to get her to do, Don, you're listening? I am. Okay, what you have to do is you've got to get all worked up for this, and then when you reach the point when you guys are going to initiate the act, you have to keep on going. You have to keep on touching yourself down there. You follow what I'm saying here? Yep. Okay, because that's going to kind of take your mind off of it. Is that possible? Okay. It's going to keep you going. You're not going to mind. It's going to make you puke. All right, Fred, thank you. All right. Well, look, Don's getting all sorts of advice from us. Isn't that great? And you thought it was going to be so bad. I want another lady to give you advice, though. I mean, the guy advice thing. I don't know if it's worth it. Yeah, just later. Hey, Steve, what's up? Steve? Hey, what's going on, man? You're on with Don. Hey, Don, I agree with both of those guys. That's right. And you can't have it all like... You've got to be worked up, and you've really got to be into it. You know what I'm saying? And I tell you, the best lubrication is like spit your saliva. You can't say that, Steve. You're having oral sex. It works out a lot better. And you really got to just keep it going, you know, keep yourself into it. All right, thank you, Steve. Oh, man. Oh. Didn't know Sammy was into that. Hey, Frank. Yo, what's going on, fella? What's going on? I think you've got to be the last caller. We're in dangerous territory here. All right, now I'm going to be real cool, real careful for you, all right? This will all stay on the air, I promise. All right, you're on with Don. What's your name, Don? Don, yes. Check it out. There's a product on the market, no joke, swear to God, it's called anal... E. Oh, I saw that down in the village. No joke, it works, Don. Now, I don't know if you've experienced, but what the women told me underneath me, they said it didn't hurt as much. Tell your man to take it slow and easy. Okay, terrific. Okay, terrific. That was a beautiful weekend. Hey, can I get an FU on the MS? Yeah, go ahead, Frank. I'll give you to my boss, who left the Goldie today to go skiing for the weekend in Vermont when he just got back from a week in Colorado and left me to work late. All right, that's always the case. Thank you, Frank. Well, Don, what do you think? I think it's going to go good. Yeah? Yeah. Well, now there's a lady calling that wants to give you advice. We've got to get one lady on to help you out. Okay. Even though I said we would stop this, but Vicki? Yeah? You've got some advice for Don? Yes, I do. Okay. Don? Hey, Vicki. Hi, how are you doing? I'm good. Those guys are giving you some bad advice. Some of it's good, some of it's bad. That up in the air, legs up in the air thing? No, that hurts. No? Very painful. That's no good. As far as keeping the pleasuring with the finger going, that's good. Okay. That works. Okay. The easiest way... Yes, Danny? Sit down, Danny. Lots of lubrication. Yes. Turn on your side. Mm-hmm. No. How about a butt plug? No. Okay. I don't think that would work. Danny? Turn on your side. Okay. And that is what I found to be about the most enjoyable for you. Some of the other ways can be incredibly painful. All right. Mary, Mary, can I give you anal sex? Please, please, please, Mary, Mary. I need anal, Mary. I think you do, Dan. I've already asked Mer. And Lou, Lou, Lou won't give me anal. I believe him. Okay. Bye. Bye. Thank you, Vicki. How about I just bend over Spaldy? Holly, what's up? Hi, how you doing? How are you? I'm great. Hey, thank you. Yeah. I want to give Don some advice about the anal ease. Yes. Okay. Great stuff. Yeah? The only way I can take it. Wow, really? Yeah. Let me tell you. You know, you see these girls take it in the movies and stuff and you're like, there's no way. But yeah, you get it with the anal ease and you take it like a pro. Okay, terrific. If I got to pick that up. You can pick that up. Anal ease. Anal ease, yeah. It's a popular item. It is. It's great stuff. Yeah, then I'll have a bunch of it done. I think it's a little better if the girl goes in and makes the purchase though. Tell you the truth. I need anal ease, please. Mr. Pharmacist, can I get some anal ease, please? It's for me, Murray and Lou. I wonder if they have fisties. Sorry. Just have him put a little bit on his finger and like. All right. We know how to apply. Put it along the digit. Put it on the guy. All right, all right, all right. What? Yeah, if you put it on the guy, it'll numb him. Oh yeah? Yeah. So you don't want that. Oh, is it like a numbing agent too and a lubricant? That's what you want. Yeah, that's what you want in lovemaking. Something that'll numb the pain. Kind of like Novacate. I know that the fuel blow to lubricate. That's what you want. And then once you're there and actually in the act of anal sex, I know there's some kidney punches. You can make a clinch up and it feels good. And that matters after press charges if you punch them hard. So remember, anal tips, drink a lot, don't fight back, bite the pillow and bleed a lot. All right. Thank you, Mike Tyson. Yeah, if you want. All right, Holly, thank you. Thanks, Holly. Good luck, Don. Thank you so much. Good luck. Wishing each other well in the wonderful world of anal. It's like a Novacane for the butt. Yeah. I wonder if you get like, you know when you go to the dentist and your lips get all numb and droopy. So you think it's just a different type of drilling. Go ahead, rinse. Valerie, what's going on? Dawn has to lay on her stomach. On her stomach. Now you guys have all suggested lay on the stomach, lay on the back, lay on the side, do it all fours. Not all fours. She's got to first lay on her stomach so it's completely in, then get on all fours. Oh, yeah? Oh, there's a move when it's a... Yeah, it's easier to go in when you're on your stomach. And you enjoy it more when you're on all fours. All right. Thank you, Valerie. Thanks. Okay. I think we'll do one more. Be sure the area's basted in a lot of rubricans. That's how I like my anal. Be sure there's plenty. Take a turkey baster and just marinade the area. Be sure it's properly marinaded. The leather cheerio. And lay on your stomach, gals, like a big turkey. And then get stuffed like a holiday turkey as you baste the area of the leather cheerio in lubricant. Marinade! And then take the stuffing made of hot beef. Stuff that turkey. Just stuff the big fat turkey. That's well lubricated with the lubricant. Marinade! Bon apptit with your anal! Bon apptit! That's right. Only a properly lubricated, marinaded, balloon knot will be pleasurable to all the people. Look at the way I enjoy it with my big fat old ass. It's usually best served with a tossed salad. And a fine wine, fine wine, mullinab loosens the area up. Bon apptit! Okay, terrific. Let me talk. Hi, guys. Hey, Karen, you got some advice for Dawn? Yeah, actually, you should just get KY jelly from the drugstore. KY? Yeah, that works the fastest. KY! And to be on all... KY jelly or KY jam? And honestly, if you could just get her boyfriend hooked up, it'll be so quick that... That's painless, that's how I like it. Okay. Take a deep breath and it'll be over so fast. Alright, thank you, Karen. You're welcome. Thank you. Proper lubricant. Perhaps something in a chicken base. Or maybe some jam. Alright, Jody! Stormy preserve! Hey, what's up, Jody? How are you guys? Pretty good. Alright, so I want some advice for you. Okay, go. You have to lay completely flat on your stomach. Mm-hmm. And then stick your butt up in the air. And actually push... Listen, listen. Ah, listen, we had to dump out of that. You can't say that! Sound advice! Maybe Julia Childs could like... We understand that sound advice. Julia Childs, could you translate what didn't make it on video? Yes, let's say you're stuffing a holiday turkey. It would help if the turkey felt like it was to push the stuffing back out. Push! And remember, plenty of more in odd. See, only when it works is with more and more. I know I used to enjoy anal a lot more, but the men seem to roll off of my hunchback these days. You see my boobs? Sweat socks full of sand. I don't know how else to put it. That's okay, Jody. Thank you. Alright, good luck filming. Bon Appetit! This is too funny. Someone on the instant feedback is suggesting that we get Charlton Heston in here to explain it. Explain it? I don't know. I think Charlton Heston is under the weather this week. That old gag. Melanie, what's up? Hi. I love you guys, really. I just started listening a little while ago, but you guys are the best. Thank you. I actually just wanted to advise her. Astro Glide is the thing to use. Astro Glide? What the hell is that? That's the best. Is that a type of lubricant? Yes, it is. It is like the best. Alright. Wow. And you've got to position, she's just got to maneuver her body a certain way. It's weird, but... Like a big holiday ham! Makeup budgets look like a giant holiday ham! And you're ready to blaze it! Blaze it! Make a little target with a slice of pineapple perhaps! Right around the leather cheerio with plenty of Mourinho! You know how you poke the holiday ham with cloves! And cherries! Just put a big slice of pineapple right around the leather cheerio! Draw it away! Stuff away! Like a big stuffed pork chop! But the most important thing is the Mourinho! Guys, guys, the most important thing is to have it go real slow. If it goes in too fast it'll kill her. Slow and steady wins the game! Thank you Melanie. Alright, bye bye. It won't let you cook a holiday cake very slowly! You know it wouldn't be good if you just used the whole fist and jams the stuffing in! Oh god. No thanks. I got the sickest visual in my head right now. Julia Child loves anus! Can you imagine what that looks like? It looks just like one of those red ass monkeys. My balloon nuts! My 85 year old balloon nuts! Oh! Look I'm making my own Mourinho! No Julia, you're making your own brown sauce. Brown sauce! It's almost like a bowl of dance! Okay, terrific! Oh boy. Well Dawn, I guess you're on your own at this point. Okay. We really encourage you to call in. We hope it happens before 7 o'clock tonight. We want to see if any of this advice worked. How fun was it? Any chance of getting a certificate of prize on us for all this public... Let me tell you something. Let me tell you something and you can't fake it. You call back. Okay. You're naked. You're in bed. You're guys ready. And you call in and go, okay fellas, I'm going in. Then we'll give you the Paisano gift certificate. Okay, you guys get home from work early then. We want you to call just before it happens. Okay. Alright? Thanks guys. Alright, there she goes everyone. Dawn. Thanks, you guys are awesome. Wait, there's a nurse that wants to give you advice. Alright, one more. One more. Grease the pan so it doesn't stick. Plenty of grease! Hello? Rita? Yes? Are you a nurse? Yes, I am. I'm a serious nurse. Alright, alright. I'm a serious nurse with an unserious phone. Huh? Your phone's really bad. Okay, can you hear me now? It's kind of bad. Oh, okay. I just been cutting it out. Yeah, call back. I'm gonna still phone. That's a problem. Alright, yeah, sorry Rita. Your phone's really bad. Alright, Dawn, so give us a call back, okay? Thanks guys. Matter of fact, for being a good sport, do we have Paisano gift certificates? Alright, hold on a minute. We'll give you one, but still call us back later, okay? Alright guys, you got it. Spaz, we'll be taking care of you on the phone lines. Thank you so much. There she goes. Dawn? We were supposed to get a phone call from Mr. Reagan. Yeah. But Julia Child stopped by. So what we'll do is we'll take a break and hopefully we'll have Reagan on the phone next, okay? Cool. Stay there. What's that, a train? What's that, a train? What's that, a train? LB and Anthony, 1027 WNEW. Steve from Jersey, can we please play Make Meadow Cry and What's in Meadow's Pants? Oh my God. The girl's a TV star. Making her cry should be easy. She gained... Alright, never mind. Okay, good. Alright, Steve, you can ask for yourself when she gets in here. Meadow from the Sopranos. Yeah, Meadow Soprano coming in. The actress, Jamie Lidd. Yes. Okay. Speaking of Make Someone Cry, we're in the middle of spots here, but we're taking your votes for Bit of the Week, Anthony. And it's not too late to get your votes in. But I don't know. Make Bridget Cry Part 2 is in the lead. Yeah, people really seem to like that one. Cruel people. And right after we talk to Meadow Soprano, Jamie Lidd. Yeah, good. Yeah, get a real name. Jamie Lynn Sigler. Jamie Lynn Sigler. I mean, it seems like... Jamie Lynn Sigler. It's a character. You know, she probably has people all the time. Hey, Meadow. Hey, Meadow, what's up? I got something, man. But after we talk to her, then we'll do Bit of the Week, so get your vote in. But it's looking like it might be Make Bridget Cry Part 2, Anthony. Yes. We're in the middle of spots. Let's talk about Paisano of Mulberry Street. Let me be the... Ah. The one to once again congratulate Joey and his wife on the birth of their daughter. Yes. Chris, you're the one who's going to be the one to congratulate Joey and his wife on the birth of their daughter. Congratulations, Joey. Yes. So if you do go down to Paisano in the very near future and Joey's there, make sure you congratulate him. It's a very happy, happy day for him. It's a very happy day for him. And I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. I'm going to be happy to be there. It's the opiate Anthony table. Yeah, please do. Had a great time, great food last night at Pizano of Mulberry Street. We love it. All right, give them a call, 965-1188. That's 965-11888. Don't forget, congratulate Joey and if you see him there, tell Joey we sent you and he'll give you a glass of wine on the house, okay? Yes, he will. It's Pizano of Mulberry Street. How you doing? This is Andrew Dice Clay. I got a lot of personnel. I mean, you gotta get a good job of personnel. Try that one, Anthony. You're listening to Anthony and Opi on WNEW 102.7 Farmer. Farmer. Farmer. You're listening to Opi and Anthony because I'm the Dice Man and I tell you something, I'm a joker, okay? All right? I cannot wait to get him back in the studio, man. Yeah. It's been too long. Where the hell is the Dice Man? I've been busy. I'm touring all over the place. Oh, no, the real dice. I'm at, where am I? Oh, yeah, I'm booked on Venus. The second they get a ship to take me, I'm there. Until then, I'm trying to lay low. What I just say, what I say, take him, he's Farmer. Hey, what's up? Hey, man, I just want to tell you guys first, you guys really suck. Thank you. Secondly, I was laughing so hard at that Julia Childs bit that I was in traffic on Route 3. I rear-ended this lady and she got out of her car and I applauded her and she was listening to the exact same thing. Oh, cool. That was frigging great. That's got to be my most favorite. What, that and is this a train? Yeah, both qualify. I mean, you can't just look at the personnel. All right, James. That's the best, man. You guys suck. All right, bye. Say it! Say it! I mean, you can't just look at the personnel. Take your face, Farmer. Jesus Christ, what's wrong with that guy, man? I didn't even know what he was saying when he was saying that. We miss him. I mean, you can't just look at the personnel. I was talking to Ken yesterday, as a matter of fact. He's in Vegas, right? Club Soda. Club Soda Kenny. Club Soda Kenny, what a moron. What a Jacob. I mean, you can't just look at the personnel. You know, Club Soda Kenny listens to our show just about every day. He should get Dice to call us today. Yeah, okay. Get Dice on the phone. Get Dice on the phone so he can goof on a little bit. How busy could it be? Come on. Come on, Club Soda. Come on, Kenny. Help us out. All right, one more toilet. I'll scrub and I'll call. That phone's going to be ringing now. Man, you want to talk to Meadow? Jamie Lynn? Is she here? Yeah. Cool. Screw Reagan. We'll do Reagan in a little while, man. Screw Reagan? Well, Reagan was supposed to call, but he's not here. He's not here. He's not here. He's not here. He's not here. He's not here. He's not here. He's not here. He's not here. Well, Reagan was supposed to call, but Jamie Lynn... Sigler. Sigler. Meadow Soprano. It's like a real celebrity. We're used to Jay Moore and stuff. Look, it is you. Look at you. Oh, my God. You're a real celebrity. Oh, my God. I watch you all the time. Look, I'm all starstruck. We love the Sopranos. Oh, thank you. Wow, that's so cool. I can't believe it. Wow, we just want to stare at you. Yeah, let's just go. Come on. No. Hey, that show doesn't do you justice. You're beautiful. Very pretty. Not that you're... Wait, because I know people are going to jump down my throat. Not that you're ugly on the show, but in person you're even more spectacular. Thank you. Wow. Did you hear our last segment? No. Good. Thank God. Oh, no. How old are you? I'm 18. 18. Oh, she's of age. Yeah, we were just giving some lovely... Oh, my God. It's right up here. But anal tips are on the page. Don't look at that. Oh, my God. I'm listening to you guys. Do you? Do you really listen to us? My brother got me into you guys, actually. And what's your brother's name, man? Brian. Hey, Brian, grab a mic. We don't care who's on the radio with us. What's going on, boys? You don't have to be an actor or an actress to be on the show. We brought you guys some presents. Did you really bring beer? We brought you some beer. Wow. Wow, look at that. I know under the new management we're allowed to bring it in, so... That's okay. I think they left, didn't they? Yeah, I think they left for the week. Is he gone? I brought you my favorite stuff. Get ready. Oh, peeps. Peeps. Peeps. My sister loves these things. And, of course, the yellow ones that we really like. And I brought you a present. Oh, my, why would you... Oh, for now, I'm referring you to this. Oh, no. She really listens to the show. I think that's so freaking cool, man. Wait a minute. Uh-oh. No, wait a minute. Opie wants the Ricky Martin poster. I do not want the Ricky Martin poster. Oh, no, Ricky Martin. I'll take a no-doubt poster. Ricky Martin. Hey, let's eat some peeps and get really freaked out. Peeps and beer. That's cool. Peeps and beer. I'll crack one of those. And coffee. Thank you. You're welcome. So your brother turned us on? Yeah. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Thank you. You're welcome. So your brother turned you on to our show? Yes, he did. Where are you from? Jersey? Long Island. Long Island, where? Well, what area? Central. Central? All right. We're Huntington guys. All right. That's kind of my necklace. Yeah, really? Are you still living there? Yeah. I live at home. You still live with your parents? I still live with my parents. Oh, come on. You've got to get a house and stuff. This show's a big hit at this point. You've got to be paying me more. You've got to get your own house. I'm soon, hopefully. Working on it? Yeah. What's your brother do? I'm curious. My brother? Go ahead, tell him. I work with my dad right now. So tell him the family. This is so funny. This is just like, you guys are just a regular Long Island family. It just so happens that the daughter in the family is on one of the hugest shows ever. Yeah, she's connected. People think that, I guess, sometimes. Ask your mom questions and stuff. Yeah, they ask me some stupid questions sometimes. What's some of the stupid questions? Before we ask them. Dude, you've got to eat some of these peeps, man. They're the best. Oh my god, I'm going to get a sugar rush. I've got a headache already. My head is spinning. I couldn't make a fist if my life depended on it. Come on. One guy asked me if the guys bring guns to the set. Like something stupid like that. Do they? Actually, a boy who plays my little brother told me the other day that someone stopped him in the street. He's like, oh, are you the kid from the Sparrow's? He's like, yeah. He's like, oh, I love that show. He's like, thanks. He's like, can I ask you a question? He's like, yeah. He's like, have you ever seen your sister naked? He's like, what? Well, see, now, if he was here, we would ask that question anyway. Yeah, we would ask him that one. Now, you started that show when, what, a couple of years ago, I guess? Yeah, I was 16 in the first episode and I was 17 in the second one. Did the guys feel a little strange throwing the language around that they have to in front of you and everything? A little, but you know what, like... You've heard it at home anyway, right? Yeah, exactly. I have cable TV. I know it. We all know what that's like. Your parents curse. It doesn't matter what the hell is going on. They don't have a problem giving the little kid that line, no effing ZD. They don't have a problem saying it in front of her. True. And the guys are all coldy and everything? So cool. They're the best. Are you getting protective, I guess? Very. Very. You're getting recognized everywhere now? A lot more. What's like the strangest place you've been recognized? Well, I mean, everywhere. The collie around and stuff. Yeah, this never happened. Usually the fans are really cool about it, you know? But the other day I went to the mall with my friends and this guy stopped. He said, you have a girlfriend's pranadise? I'm like, yeah. He's like, wow. He's like, why are you here? Why do you think you're here? I'm like, what do you mean? They think everything will get delivered to your house or something. Don't you have a personal shopper? I'm like, oh. You should never ever go out again. I'm supposed to. They just lock you up in a house. I still have a life. Yeah. All right, now we've got to ask about guys and stuff. You got boyfriends. Yes, I do. You do, huh? Did he buy you that sporty necklace you were wearing? No, he bought me the earrings. Or the show buy you that? Jesus Christ. You got some diamonds on you, girl. Oh, thank you. My dad actually got me that. Yeah? Yeah, he got me the matching earrings. You're making a nice dime on that show, right? Won't get into details, but I'm sure you... I don't really pay attention to that part yet. I mean, I don't... Really? Yeah. Mom and dad are like cashing the checks for you? Yeah, you're not going to wind up being one of those poor kids that end up with no money. No, I don't think so. I trust my parents. Yeah. There's a lot of people that want to talk to you. Okay. Our listeners could be a little rough, you all right? Yeah, I'm a little nervous, but I think I can handle it. Are you sure? Yeah. Some of our listeners can really be bad. All right, let's... If you want to talk, give us a call, 2-1-2-7-5-7-1-0-2-7. George! Peeps and Bats Ale. What's up? What's up? We got Jamie Landon here. What's up? Meadow Soprano. Jamie, let me ask you a question. You do listen to the show, am I right? Yeah, I do. Okay. Why don't we have Jamie go in the other room and play a little game called What's in Her Pants? I didn't know that was coming. You are awful. Did you ever have Jamie Landon on the show? Yeah, I heard it. I was just telling him about the sub-lite. We were just talking about it. Yeah, it's an interesting game. It's our new favorite game. You know Jamie Moore? Yes, I do. Yeah, he's on our show like all the time, like even more than we want him on. But no, come on, I'm kidding. He's such a good friend of mine. He's a good friend of mine. He's a good friend of mine. But yeah, he's very good at that game. I think he's in the lead now. Really? Yeah, we just identify what type of grooming the girl does down there. You know, the show by rubbing the phone on me. But dude, she's a big star. You can't ask big stars to do that. Well, we didn't even ask her. Will you do that? She asked one of the Badabing girls. They'll do that. Oh yeah? Yeah, I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that. I'll do that. She asked one of the Badabing girls. They'll do that. Yeah? Oh yeah. Hey, how about that? You ever see any of those girls dancing and stuff? No, I'm not around when they do that. No clips when they're doing that, huh? No. You've got to bring them into the show for us. You know what's weird? Like, watching the show, especially the first season, you were 16. Now you're 18 of age, but I still feel very defensive, like I'm talking to a girl who's underage, but for the love of God, she brought us beer and she's 18. There you go. Jason, you got a question? Yeah. Okay. No, she used to be my counselor at a special day camp in Roslyn. Oh really? Yeah. You used to be a camp counselor? Yeah, I did that one summer. What, do the kids like, in love with you and everything? Not at all. No? Well, I was. Oh. How old are you, Jason? 14. 14? Oh yeah, I'd hate to think what he's doing to your picture, man. Jesus Christ. Well, you've got to know, 14, you're just raging hormones. You think she's hot, huh, Jay? Yep. Oh, thank you. Did she have any special talents at camp? Not really. Not really? Did she teach anything? Nope. No, huh? I could see this kid. All right. I could see this kid on Sunday nights. Where's my soprano's baby oil? Well, come on, you've got to know. That's part of it. It's the downside of it. I mean, guys, especially, what? We're trying to keep it. No, it's okay. I'm being above board. We're being very nice. Dave, what's up? Oh yeah, I'm driving down Turbine. First of all, Davey, I'm driving down Turbine. First of all, Davey, let's make Jamie cry. No, we won't play that game. God, we have some stupid games on this show. Why do I feel like I know who that was? Really? Really? Sound familiar? I feel like that was the next boyfriend of mine. Sounds like someone that... Really? Are they calling now? I don't know. Like exes? Did they try to get in touch with you now and stuff? No, no. No? No, but why do I feel like that was the next boyfriend that I ended up in a bad note with? There you go. Uh-oh. Could be. They must be regretting it now. Yeah, what's up? I wanted to ask Jamie how she liked meeting Corky at the elementary school she worked at. She came to our visit. Hi Ben. How you doing Jamie? Good, how are you? I'm doing pretty good. What's up, Brian? What's going on, Ned? How you doing? You met Corky? Yes, I did. Yeah? I went to... I met Corky too. Everybody met Corky at some point. He's a nice guy. He gets around. We went up and down like she was a piece of meat. It was the finest thing I've ever seen. Was Corky taken with you, I guess? I don't know. I don't know. Come on. Yeah. I think they have a love connection. Corky actually sang to all the little kids at the elementary school. I've never laughed that hard in my entire life. We have some Corky music. Hey, you want to hear a little Corky? We love it. We play it here on the show a lot. Poison Ivy is the best one. Poison Ivy rolls. You're kidding. Listen to this. It's really Corky. You've never heard Corky? We love playing Corky. Any excuse to play Corky? I don't know who the two guys are that he did this with. I actually met one of the guys that he did this with. Really? Yeah, he was there with him. Aw. Aw, look. Aw, you're going to cry? No. Oh, okay. Yeah, right. Here we go. You better guess who's Corky. I know, it's a little hard. It's a little long. I don't know why this didn't take off. He's very proud of his music career. Yeah. As well as he should be. Yeah. It's going to be great where if you make an accomplishment of any kind, people look and just go, wow, that's really good. You know, because I mean, he's not singing that well, but considering his circumstance, it's like, wow, that's pretty good. Yeah. Meanwhile, when he walks out of the room, they start laughing at him. Yeah, I know, see? It's a big sham. It's a mean world. Spider, you got a question? Yo, Jamie, how you doing? How you doing? Good, how you doing? I got a question for you. Do you take it up the balloon nut? Oh, God. You know? Inappropriate question. Jesus, I don't think we could go to the phone. Sometimes our listeners are real A-holes. Frank wants to know if you get the dump sweats. What is that? We just learned that today earlier. Somebody called up and said that he was out on a date and he was on a boat so he couldn't like go to the bathroom and he started getting the dump sweats. I mean, you can only imagine how bad that would be on a date and he was like, if he You can only imagine how bad that would be on a date. No, I don't get the dump sweat. She's getting pissed, man. You ever percolate? Oh my God. Sorry. You know, the girl's coming here. You guys have to define. I agree. I think it's before the dump sweat starts bubbling in the stomach. You start percolating. She's a big star. You don't ask her these stupid questions. We did some research on you. We rarely do research on her, I guess, but we did. It says you recently saw The Godfather, finally? Yeah, I did, actually. Yeah? What's your favorite scene? We love The Godfather. My favorite scene? Yeah. I felt really bad when I think his name was Sonny got killed at like that... At the toll booth. Yeah, that was pretty good. He would have lived if he had Easy Pass. That's a good commercial for Easy Pass. Sonny would have made it. Yeah. Boy, guys. Wow, I just saw that. I keep forgetting what age she is. Yeah, we saw that about 20 years ago. We saw it in the movie theater. No, that's not... For 250. I just started seeing those movies just because of Sopranos, because everyone asked me about those. I'm like, I don't know. Yeah. Maybe I should do a little research for myself. Got anything else you're working on? Like you must be offered a lot of parts and stuff. I'm supposed to be starting in Les Mis soon. Oh, yeah? Yeah. I've done a lot of theater. Sopranos is really like my first film experience. Singing and stuff. Yeah. Dancing. All that stuff. Really? Yeah. So have the office come flooding in from Playboy and Penthouse and stuff? None of those yet. No? It's just a big face he makes. No, believe me, they will start coming in. And then you'll laugh and go, oh, those guys were right. I think your agent's probably shielding you from them. I think so. The agent's probably getting the... All right, we'll try the phones again here. Paul, what's up? Hey, how are you guys doing today? Good. You got a question for Jamie? Yeah, I do. Actually, I'm just curious. I wonder who has less hair, little Steven's head or her beaver? Yeah. Now, that's not what it said on the screen, Jamie. Jesus Christ. Well, I don't see his hair. He wears a wig or he wears his bandana, so I couldn't tell you that, all right? Triangle of my hook. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I couldn't tell you that, all right? Triangle of my hook. Well, we have to ask. All right. You don't want to discuss anything like that? Nothing like that, no. I wouldn't either. That was horrible. I read that on an email. It wasn't me that asked that. My dad's listening. Oh, my God. Really? He'll kick your ass, Anthony. I'm sure he is. He's nervous. Oh, really? He's nervous for... Does he know what this show's all about? When did he listen to it? Yesterday? Oh, no. Yesterday was the first time. Oh, no. Yesterday was the first time. That's not a good day. What's in her pants? Oh, no. Come on. My dad's a cool guy. It's okay. Yeah, is it pretty loose and stuff? Yeah, they're cool. He's only talking on his way here. How old is your dad? My dad is 52, but he looks like he's like 32. Yeah? Yeah. Axe Young and stuff. Yeah, he's cool. That's cool. Is he connected? Not at all. We're Jewish. Yeah. We're Jewish. Jewish and Italians in movies are always interchangeable. They do that a lot. Yeah. Everybody else is. I think I'm the only one that's not Italian. Yeah, everybody else is Italian on the show. Yeah. Yeah, thrown around. Do they all speak it around the ...? No. No? No. Try to keep things behind your back. Yeah, but they reminisce about their family and stuff. I can't relate at all. Yeah. Really? No. All right, we've got to take a break. You want to hang for a little while or are you scared? Yeah, sure. We'll give you a chance. Don't get scared away. We'll give you a chance to run if you want. No, it's all right. We ran away like Bridgette the other day. She ran out of here so fast. Every once in a while we have girls running out of this studio crying. I don't know why, but besides, I've got to eat a few more of these peeps. I want to have a bath. I wish I brought you more. No, I already got a sugar headache. All right, we'll be back. Stay there. I'm a sex star. Yeah, sure. It's the truth. I'm a sex star. You can measure up to the point stars. Oh, yeah. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. It's like a movie. All the time. And we like it that way. Until that dirty Sanchez guy who took a bath. 1027 WNAW. Anthony doing his fast impression for Jamie Lynn. He was all taken. And Jamie's brother in the studio. Of course, Meadow Soprano on the Sopranos. Yeah. They'll call you Meadow all the time. A long time. Is that right? Do you like that name, Meadow? It's a... The name's a little different. It is. Well, supposedly. I'm not sure. Supposedly she got the name because she was conceived in the Meadowlands. In a car or something. Pretty good. That is good. Because they're pretty... After a mob hit, you know? They're pretty rich on their culture and everything. Like, we're sticking with Italian and Meadow's just not Italian. We also found out that her mom's listening right now. We believe. She might be. I don't know. The dad's definitely. They were a little worried about the fact that she was conceived in the Meadowlands. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. They were a little worried having her come on this radio show today. It's okay. It's okay. We've been nice so far, right? I'm a good girl. You can have it. Yeah. You're just tempting our listeners. Don't even say that. Hey, Matt, you got a question? Yes. All right. I want to ask Amy what her favorite Soprano episode she ever did was. A real question. A real question. Jesus Christ. Wow. We dodged the bullet finally. I have to say, the first season when I went to visit colleges was the first season that I went to visit college. I was in the middle of the season when I went to visit colleges. That was great. When I asked him if he was in the mob because it was just like a whole week of hanging out with James and he's probably one of the coolest people you'll ever meet. Yeah. Yeah. So I had a lot of fun with him. So it was that one. Cool. We've got to get him on the show. Thank you, Matt. He'd be a fun guy. He's so much fun. I expect him to come through the door if we get a little off with you or something. What are you doing in my corner? Probably Tony Sreko first. Yeah. I'm just a bunch of guys sweating and burping and farting. It's kind of embarrassing but it's horrible. Camillo from New High Park on the island. ONA, what's up guys? I have a question for Meadow. Are you learning Italian on the set with all those guys around? Any words or phrases you've picked up while shooting scenes? Thank you. You're hot. You're great on the show. Any good phrases? Could you like curse in Italian or anything? Yeah. Bafangu. Yeah. You know. Did you watch the last week of the show? Yeah. Did you watch the last weekend? The last episode I just aired? I missed the last one. Same with me. I swear. I'm like, I better watch this because she's coming in. There's a good scene where Michael and Parioli plays Christopher. My cousin goes to a movie set. Oh no, that scene I saw. Oh you saw that? Yeah. With Garofalo and... Yeah, Bukyak. That's a good set to say. Yeah, there you go. Have you learned how you're doing? Yeah. Oh yeah. Well, you do that all the time. How you doing? Got any stalkers or anything? Any wacky fan mail that kind of frightened you? I'm starting to get mail to my house which is a little weird. I don't know how people are getting my address. It's like somebody said it's all over the internet. Really? Like somebody just got my name and got my number. Any of those fake naked pictures of you on the internet yet? You come across those? Do they take your head and plop it on the body? I don't know man. It's just a matter of time. It is just a matter of time. It's sad but... They're so obviously fake too like when they plop a head and they're like, I don't know. I don't know. They're so obviously fake too like when they plop a head on someone's body. Obviously, of course. Well, we were on our way in here and my beeper went off and there was this weird number and I called back and this kid's like, yeah, do you remember me? I'm like, well, who are you? He's like, my name's Brian. I met you at a party two months ago and you gave me your number. I'm like, I really don't think I would give you my number. I'm like, what party? He's like, I don't know. I'm like, well, how old are you? He's like 16. I'm like, I don't think I gave you my number. I'm like, I don't think I gave you my number. I'm like, first of all, was my boyfriend with me at the party? He's like, yeah, he was right there. I'm like, okay, I gave you my number with my boyfriend standing next to me at some party. She's 18, man. All right. You guys deal with the same crap. He's like, call me later. Hey, Dan, what's going on? What's up? Hey, how you doing, Janie? Hi, how are you? Pretty good. I just wanted to say first off, compliment you on your acting. I think you really play it really well. Thank you. You don't overact like a kid, too. Thank you. You seem like a really cool girl, so I wish you luck. Thank you very much. Yeah, she's real cool. She brought us beer and little peeps, marshmallow peeps. I love that show and I like her a lot. I was just worried she was going to be not cool at all and you guys were just going to end up ripping her, but it's cool. No, she's very cool. Thank you so much. We only rip the people we don't like. I just wanted to know if something fun from upcoming shows isn't tough. Is David Chase going to work in your weight gain into some episode on Bolivia? No, it's not so much an issue with the show, but actually people have been cruel about it. I'm not trying to be cruel. I don't really understand. I was just wondering because it seems like it's such a cool show that they do something like that. They have you put on some weight. No, actually when we did the first episode, I had gotten over an eating disorder and I'm very open about it and I'm trying to become active with the people that I'm working with. I'm trying to be active with the people that I'm working with. I'm trying to be active with the people that I'm working with. I'm trying to be active with the people that I'm working with, organizations that involve talking to girls with blemish and anorexia and stuff like that. It's not that important to them. So they're not talking about it. Wow. Bastard tried to sneak that in, didn't he? He talks you all up and compliments you and then slips that one in. It's all right. You sure? I'm sure. Okay. Wow, that hit me hard. I want to punch you. Don't you worry. You still have a fine ass. Thank you. I'm sure you are. I'm sure you are. I'm sure you are. I'm sure you are. I'm sure you are. Thank you. I'm sure you are. You sweat it. We were all checking you out when you walked in. Trust me. Watch this. It's 18. How loud? It has to be said. Jason, what's up? You can hear in our voices how smitten we are today. Not like being a kid toucher. That's that psycho mark. Jason, what do you got for speaking to kid touches? Jason, what do you got for Jamie Lynn? Yeah, I watch the show a lot. With my dad, we really enjoy it. I was just going to ask you. My dad and I, we had a bet and we couldn't figure out how much weight you had gained between the seasons. Oh. All right. All right, enough. See, now we can't go to the phones. Jesus Christ. You know something? You can't just go to the God damn phones. It's painful. Look, I'm going to smack yous all in the head. We're going to take a break after this? You know, you got to... You have some sense. It's the minority of listeners that are being schmucks. Let's take a quick break. We'll be back. Stay there. OPI, you're a sick ass man. Anthony, you're not a jackass. You're obviously a scum. The OP and Anthony Show. It makes me sick. 1027 WNEW. 1027 WNEW. It's OPI and Anthony and Jamie Lynn Sigler. Having a tough time pronouncing your last name, Jamie Lynn. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Jamie Lynn, it's easy. Having a lot of fun. I don't know what the problem is. I think I'm stuttering because she's so beautiful. Meadow Soprano from the Sopranos. I've never seen this many guys in the studio for one of our guest-staff. I know, Matt Devotee never comes in here. You never come in. I had to say hi because all the towns in the show are where I grew up. The hits on Tony and Montclair and at Bloomfield and at Patterson. I'm like, my God, this is my backyard. I had to say hi because all the towns in the show are where I grew up. The hits on Tony and Montclair and at Bloomfield and at Patterson. She's a celebrity in my book. We can't truly relate because we're all Long Island people in here. You're the only Jersey guy. Yeah, really. Jamie's from the island as well. Not too different. Suburbs of Jersey as opposed to suburbs of New York like Long Island. Like the sixth and seventh thorough of Manhattan, the University area, North Jersey and Long Island. Do you have a question for Jamie Lynn? You're a great guy. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. I'm going to go to the bathroom. Maybe Spaz, I'll tell you what. It's great. You don't have a question? Kevin. How do you all fit inside the TV? As I watch it, you look a lot bigger in real life than you see on TV. Wait, get Spaz. Let's see what Spaz would ask Jamie Lynn. Spaz, you got a question for Jamie Lynn? Who do you think is stronger? Iraq or mankind? Probably the most serious and boring question. How did you get into television? How did you get into television? I checked and I couldn't find a way to open it. There's no little door in the back. In the back of the TV? I've been to 21 play productions in college, so I'm an aspiring actor. Okay, well, that's a good question. That's a good way to start out. That's what I did. Did you give me an entrepreneurs? No, I have no connections in that part. Get an agent, get a manager. That's what I did. There you go, Spaz. You got actual information there. Spaz, do you have a follow-up question? No. You have nothing left in your head. Are you kidding? Look at him. You did great on who wants to be a millionaire last night. Everyone mentioned that there's a guy named Spaz on who wants to be a millionaire. I've been getting calls about that today. There was a guy, I think his real name was Kevin, his nickname was Spaz, and he was on who wants to be a millionaire last night. Wow, how did he do? He won $100. No, he got the $100 right and then he took it left. What is your name? I'm going to settle with the $100 region, so I'm going to get out of here. You said John, is that your final answer? No, it's Kevin. Get out of here, you moron. Know what we need from one of our faithful listeners? We need a tape of last night's show because we could do some wonderful things with that. I want to hear Reed just saying Spaz. Sure. All right, Spaz, very good. What are you doing now going back to? Here's your phone. Spaz, you want a peep? You like the peep? No, no more. Spaz is getting a sugar high. From one peep? I think Jamie Lynn is looking at Spaz going, he can't be for real. No, he's not. I like biting my head off the peeps first. Actually, you know what? What? I've got a comment instead of a question. Okay. Tell the guys that write the script and the show that New Jersey's is not as small as it is portrayed. In one minute they'll shoot somebody in Patterson, then they're burying the body down by the seaside bridge like 10 minutes later. Only Matt knows that. It's true. It's got to be factional. Matt, the show goes all over the country. People don't really know. Someone in Arizona is sitting there going, hey, wait a minute, that's at least a half hour drive. Get there five minutes from there. Five minutes. You're right, actually, because I'm yelling at the screen when Uncle Junior took over. And Anthony says, Tony goes, all right, you know, just give me Bloomfield and Union. And I'm like, but there's miles between those two towns, you know. But I guess nobody picked up on it. I love the show, man. No one really cared. Okay, terrific. I don't even have headphones on and I heard that. Now taping is done for the season, right? Yeah, we're done so it's done. So you know how the whole thing ends? Yes, I do. Could you give us a hint? Even I don't know. Do you know? You haven't even told your brother how it ends? Wow, that's secretive. It goes on from episode to episode. So you can't tell us who's going to die. Why would you want to know? I know, that would wreck it. Who would do it? You know what you should do is tell your brother some of this stuff. When he's going out to the bars and stuff, he can make bets and make a lot of money. I think what's going to happen here is, wow, that was pretty good. Can we ask you some vague questions? And a vague like, will somebody die? Well, that's a good one. That's pretty vague. What is one of importance? Oh, look at her. She's not talking. His name ends in a vowel. I'll give you that much. I see getting so much trouble. Every time we had a read through for the next episode, they would say every time, do not discuss anything that goes on the schedule. Really? Yeah, they're like really big on keeping it secret. I bet your cousin there, what's his name? Michael. Yeah, yeah. I bet he screws up. That's a given. Well, yeah, of course. Okay, all right. I wonder if he gets popped. No. I can say that, no. Oh, no? No. Anyone could use a bullet. I love when he walks into a Kentucky project and starts going off on black guys. You're just looking like, oh my God, he's going to get killed. Here's what you would call a Jadrul. Yeah. I don't know what that means, but I've been called it a lot when I was a kid, so I guess it's stupid. Still not. Yeah, still not. Look at me, you think I know Italian? Yeah. I have no clue what you guys are talking about. Opie, yeah. Shut up. Opie, what crime family are you from? Yeah. Okay, driven. Okay. Well, I guess we've got to thank Jamie Lynn for stopping by. No problem. Thank you very much. Oh my God. This was a celebrity. This was a real... We never have celebrities. This was a real treat for us. Yes, and thank you for Opie's Ricky Martin poster. You're welcome. Yeah, we've got to thank her for all the prizes, uh, prizes, gifts she gave us, uh, the marshmallow peeps. I'll tell you one thing, this Ricky Martin poster is going to end up hanging in our office, but I'm sure someone will alter it slightly with a magic mark. In what way? I couldn't tell you, but... We'll have to have you sign it, and then we'll proudly display it in our office. I tried to get a No Doubt poster, but... Come on. She does look like a song. You like No Doubt? No. Okay. 18-year-old girl doesn't like No Doubt. Then ask her. I'm going to the concert. Final answer. What band's you into? Um, I like Madonna. Yeah, okay. You going to go see her new movie? I'm not... Yeah. I mean, I like every... I feel a little better now. You go in my car, I have like Jay-Z, I have Nas, I have Madonna, I have New York City Underground, and I have Celine Dion. Ugh, Celine. We love Celine Dion. Have you heard of Anthony Celine Dion impression? No. Celine. Oh, we got to end with that. You got to give her just a little hint. I know we're putting you on the spot, but... No, I can't do any impressions today. Oh, look at her. She's right there and stuff. All right, quick one. Just a quick one. I'm a musical too. I play the slide flute. Wow. I'm like Zam Fear. Just give her a little. Take a laugh. This song goes out to everybody that was on board the mighty ship Titanic. That night, so many years ago, when she struck an iceberg, she was on the ship. To everybody that was on board the mighty ship Titanic. That night, so many years ago, when she struck an iceberg, and many perished. But it does not just go out to those that lost their lives that fateful evening. It goes out to those who lived on, made lives for themselves after that horrible, cold night in the North Atlantic. It goes out to the survivors. That was very good. I've had it, Celine. I feel stupid now, if I'm a big celebrity. You did fine. That was good. That's the first time you've done a G-rated Celine Dion impression. Well, you know, it's okay. It's okay. Nice guy. Yeah. Geez, Louise. She's going to make her think I'm an idiot. Too late. No, she really is. Too late. Shut up. All right. Well, we've got to thank Jamie Lynn. Yeah, thank you very much. We've got to thank her brother for coming in. Yeah, it's a metal soprano. I'm the soprano. Thanks for the beer. And I hope you'll come back to our lovely radio show. Yeah. All right. Very good. I like that. Cool. Thanks. We're going to take her out and waste some time. We're going to play Bit of the Week here, okay? Oh, yes. All right. We'll be back. Stay there. Here it is. Bit of the Week on the Opie and Anthony Show. WNEW. The Opie and Anthony Show. Oh, stupid. Wow. Boo, boo, boo. Or stupidity on the way. Get that view Friday with Opie and Anthony. On the O27 WNEW. Having another fine show today. Everyone all excited, running around. They all got their pictures with Jamie Lynn Sigler. Yeah. Metal soprano. Psycho Mark, you look like a complete goofball when you got your picture taken with Jamie Lynn. What am I going to do? She's a huge star. Yeah, she's cute. She's a girl, though. I know. Everyone got their pics. Yes. We were very smitten with her. Very. If you look over, it's the girl from the show, you know? Okay. Look, it's her. Get all stars, John. It's not talking like an idiot. I don't know why you're talking like that. I'm just saying, you know, she's a girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. She's a girl. Well, anyway, that's everything. Yeah, why would they be any different? Some people, it doesn't matter. Like, you know, J. Moore comes in. It's J. Moore. He's in movies and everything. But, you know, you're just like, hey, he's just a dopey guy. He's not a star. He's going to kick my ass. You know, she's on a show, one of my favorite shows. Yeah. You just get all, like, all wacky. Like, oh, take a picture. You feel all stupid. All of a sudden, I feel like, you know, an idiot. You know what? We take pictures of everyone that comes by, you know, and it's cool and stuff. But with her, we all felt like we were, like, posing for, like, a prom picture. It was just real awkward. You know, everyone's trying to get their arm around her. And then the picture, like, Matt Devotee's taking the pictures. And then it's like, after five pictures, it's like, okay, all right enough. And then Matt goes, could someone take a picture of me now? Vertical. Vertical, yeah. I just thought it was funny because I've never seen you guys like that. Yeah, see, we got... Somebody who was in the studio, you didn't want to touch her. I'm like, guys, get closer to her. And you're like, no, no, no, that's okay. Because we're stupid, man. You feel all funny and stuff, you know. It's kind of weird to see, you know. I know you guys in the back, you know, throwing the blow-up doll around, saying all... What are you supposed to do? Hey, you want to go to the J. Moore suite? Yeah. We have some class. It comes out every once in a while. Not much. It dribbles out once every frigging year or so. Like Kwan. Yeah, I mean, Jamie Lynn, if you're listening, that means a lot that, you know... That we showed some class. Means you're special. Not, you know, special like Corky. No. Okay. All right, and we still got lots to do here. Then they got under your skin. Our phone line is 2127571027. Everyone's requesting the Friday song. Keeping a vow. Where is the Friday song? How's your hole? And then we got to get Reagan on the phone and... Oh, I forgot about that. Oh, my God. Yeah, we put off Reagan for about an hour. Let me read this to make sure I remember what it was. Oh, yeah, okay. All right, you got to... I lost my paper. You got a few minutes and then we'll get Reagan on the line here. Yes. Okay. But in the meantime, it's a Friday favorite. Right after this, the ex-president of the United States of America. Another sad article in the paper today about that. Yes. Okay, we'll be right back. 1027W, any W. It's Opie and Anthony on the Instant Feedback. Frank from Queens, all pissed off. Come on, guys. This is the fourth week in a row I've sent an FU request in. Please, guys, it caught my wife cheating on me, and I would like to send a big FU out to Gloria and Jose. It would make my day. Thank you very much. There you go, Frank. Okay. All right. All right, let's go to the phones before we get to Reagan, Anthony. Yes. Remember Keith and Keith's mom? Keith and Keith's mom. You don't remember Keith's mom? Keith's mom. Oh, my God, yes, of course. That's big controversy. Yeah, Keith called in and caught his parents having sex. And we talked to Keith about it. Then we talked to Keith's mom. Very, very entertaining radio to say the least. Wow, I can't believe we're actually going to pick that up when on line six on hold is Ron Reagan. Well... I'm reading it right on the screen. Well, according to the paper, the Alzheimer's is so bad, you won't know the difference. You won't even remember that he's been waiting so long on the phone? Correct. So let's go to Keith's mom first, and then we'll get to Reagan, who is on hold on line six. Very strange. He's on hold on line six. Anthony's still in the studio. Say? And it says Ron Reagan right on the screen. I see it there on line six. I'm starting to wonder if you'll actually, you know, make it through a Reagan interview today. I hope so. I seem to miss every one of them. Keith's mom, what's up? Hey, O&A. How are you? I'm okay. I caught a lot of flak from the last time. It appears that everybody can recognize my voice. Yeah, that's okay. I called some uncles, search custodians. That's okay. You didn't do anything wrong. Three packs of camel a day voice. I kind of regretted a few things. That's all right. But the beginning of the week, you know, because the show was getting a little boring. So I thought the light... What? What? To lighten it up a little. Wait, what was getting boring? It was getting boring. It wasn't funny anymore. When? Before. When before? I don't remember. See, I don't even remember. What are you, Ronald Reagan with your Alzheimer's? No, I like that. Listen, you twat. Oh, come on. You... No, I'm not accepting that until you tell us when you felt the show was boring. We're working our asses off over here, Keith's mom. I can't remember right now. Yes, see? Now you take it back right now. All right, I take it back. We're not damn right. Yeah, I'm still listening. It couldn't have been that boring. We're not calling you up at home and saying, you know, your anal performance with your husband was a little boring. I'm still anal. I'm stepping up a little bit. I don't have to do that group. Yeah, we were going to call Keith's mom and talk to you about being such a lousy parent. No, I'm not a lousy parent. Oh, we're working our asses off. We take that personally. I am. And I'm glad you're staying on afternoon. All right. I'm sorry. All right, Keith's mom. Damn right you are. All right, so what do you have for this boring show today? This morning? This boring show today. Oh, I want to make it this morning. I want to say before, earlier in the week you had a kid call up and he was going to be seeing the sex films in school. Yes. And he was asking for questions. Yes, questions asked the sex ed teacher. Yes. Yeah, right. And you made him hang out, which was like pretty good, you know. Yeah. But he came up with some, Cole came up with some pretty funny questions. Speaking of which. Last year Keith saw the films. I was telling him to call that day. He's calling to him what he saw because he always asks people, oh, come on, don't give me the ping pong balls. You're making our show boring. You are the one making the show boring now. All right, well, he saw the films and he asked his teacher just how much fluid is in a wet dream. Yeah. So I said, well, what did the teacher say? Okay. The teacher said anywhere between a teaspoon and changing your shorts. Oh, thank you. Oh, here he is. Thank you, mom. Put Keith on the phone. Okay. Hello? Keith. Yeah? Your mom is wrecking the show today. I know. Do you understand how important the show is to us and our listeners and everything and your mom, your mom is wrecking it. Can you scream at her for us? Just go, mom, you're wrecking the opiate anthrax. Say, mom, you're a tool. Mom, you're wrecking the opiate anthony show. Call her a tool. Tell her to pull... She wants what tickets? Booth tickets. Oh, yeah, she'll be getting those. Yeah. Call our show boring. All right, Keith, we got to let you go. All right. Ronald Reagan's waiting on line six. All right, Keith. Bye. I got to go to Boy Scouts. All right, bye. Boy Scouts. All right, Anthony? Yeah. Reagan's in the paper again today. Yeah, I see. It's reported in the Post and the Daily News. The Reagan's, Nancy and Ron, marking 48 years of marriage together this coming weekend. How about that? And there's a picture of the lovely couple in the paper today, and it looks like he's not doing too bad. Ex-President Ronald Reagan is kissed by wife Nancy on his 89th birthday, February 6th. Look at his hands. They are just leaning on the table. She's got her hand behind his neck, turning his head towards her head, and he's barely puckering his lips. I don't think he even knows what he's doing in this picture where he's kissing Nancy. And oh my God, what happened to her? What? Obviously, never a look or anything, but looks like she's melting. What's going on there? She looks like a chimpanzee. Damn. All right. But there were some problems, I guess. Let me read a little bit of this for you. Just a little bit. Because then we've got to get to Reagan. He's on line six there. Los Angeles, Ronald Reagan and wife Nancy celebrate their 48th wedding anniversary this weekend as the shadow of Alzheimer's disease dims the former president's golden years. His motor skills have so deteriorated that he reportedly no longer exercises and cannot recognize videotaped highlights of his political life. That's awful. Former President Ford said in a TV interview that Reagan, 89, did not recognize him when the two met several months ago. People Magazine today reports that Reagan appears to be entering the final phase of Alzheimer's disease. We are afraid he might fall. He walks around the garden and here's the kicker. And occasionally Mr. Reagan may try to stand in the pool. The former leader of the free world is attempting to walk on water. He had his finger on the button at one point. He fought the commies. And now he's wandering the garden and standing in the pool. Trying to stand in the pool, basically trying to walk on water. That's great. The focus of the day is Nancy. And I don't think it will go beyond the year 2000 is what a few of the Reagan's friends are saying, Anthony. Like that. They think two grand will be the year he checks out. Yes. Oh, that's a shame. And he didn't even recognize Ford when Ford visited him recently. President Ford? Yeah. Gerald. Oh, wait a minute. It was sad, Ford said. I was there about 30 minutes. Tried repeatedly to bring up incidents of our friendship that might stimulate some recognition by him. But tragically, it didn't help a bit. The guy doesn't remember Ford. No. Well, I don't think much of America does either. That's not saying much about Reagan's Alzheimer's. I don't think much of us remember. All right. Ford is 86. Yeah. Reagan's 89. And Ford? Correct, yeah. Oh, life. And Ford was the guy, you know, falling down all the time. Yeah. Everyone thought he had Alzheimer's when he was in office. And he's doing better than Mr. Reagan. So let's go to Line 6 Anthony and talk to the former president of the United States. Anthony. Why? What are you doing? I don't know. I've got to go out here. Yeah. It's not every day that the president calls a radio show. I drank a lot of coffee. I've got to take a leak. See, hold on to my line. I'll be right back. All right. Well, I hear someone on the line. President Reagan. President Reagan. Hello, I'm Julie, your time life operator. Hey, Mr. Reagan, what's going on today? Hello. How are you, sir? I love anal sex. No. Yes. What are you talking about? Me and Nancy. Yeah? We just used Sam Donaldson's wig glue as lubricant. Hello? Yeah, that's a visual we don't need today, sir. Yes. Oh my God. Oh my God. Sorry, I had to say that. You had to dump out of your own show. Yes, I did, because you're a twisted F talking about having anal sex with Nancy. Yes, well, we have to keep it fresh after. How long has it been? You're celebrating your 48th wedding anniversary this week. Jesus Christ. Yes. 48 years with that big, huge head. My God. 48 years of looking into the eyes of a bug-eyed alien. Did I ever tell you how we met? No, you didn't. Well, there was a big flash around Area 51. I was driving and her big-headed alien head stopped my pickup dead. Well, I thought she was kind of cute and big her up. Did you ever screw an alien? I can't say I have. Wonderful. Yeah. Hello? Alien abduction, huh, Mr. Reagan? That's how we met. And I want to say something about Gerald Ford and what he said about me in the paper. Okay. That's not accurate. No? No. He says you don't even recognize him when he comes around to visit. I remember Ford. Yeah. That was a transvestite bitch from Bangkok I nailed in 48. I never forget a tight ass. He can lick me. He can, huh? Yes. So are you guys doing anything special for your 48th wedding anniversary this weekend? Well, we're probably just going to sit around the house and play What's in Ron's Pants? These days it looks more like a turtle head caught in Christmas tinsel. Goddamn this. Nancy's no prize down there either. My God, I saw her naked the other day. What a horror. It looked like President Taft eating a ribeye steak. Remember that big mustache? Please know the reference. I was going to say grand, but that was too obvious. Very good. Do you see the picture in the paper? Yeah, Nancy is kissing you on your 89th birthday this past February. Look at the shape of her. It was like kissing a piece of liver on a stick. She's feeding you the birthday cake too there. Yes, she is. Very nice. It's more like hugging some of those Achilles baby back ribs. My God. What a mess. And I'm glad I have Alzheimer's. Why? Well, if I didn't I might remember that one time in my life my sack didn't look like two bocce balls in a sweat sock. I can walk on water and I'm an airplane. Hello. Yeah, let's bring that up. It says, and I quote, we are afraid that Mr. Reagan might fall. He walks around the garden and occasionally may try to stand in the pool. Yes. You're trying to walk on water, sir? I'm Moses. Let my people go. I'll part the Red Sea and lead my people to Trenton. Hello? Yeah, we're here. Where were they going? I don't remember. To Bangkok. Bangkok, right. With that poor Gerald Ford. He tossed my salad and I gave him a rusty trombone. Well, bitch, oh look, here comes the mothership for mommy. Finally taking her back to that home planet of bag of bones with big eyes. You're sick, man. God damn, tip her head back and the pez comes out. Yes. Well, Mr. Reagan, there's someone on line two that is very pissed off at us for talking to you, I guess. Yes. Would you like to talk to her? Of course. It's not that Leonard Brezhnev, is it? No, it's not. I hated her, too. Patricia. Yeah. Hello. You're on with the former president of the United States of America. Is this Patricia Nixon? No, my name is not Patricia Nixon. Okay. I just wanted to say that I really feel bad for you and I'm sorry that you have to put up with such horrific, you know. Yes, Nancy you're talking about? No. In her big bloated Mardi Gras bloat head? Have you seen that thing? My mother has Alzheimer's. Yes. And I know the pain that you're suffering. You do? Yes. I forget about it every day. I'm sorry. Oh, wait a minute. That last liver spot just popped on my face. I'm officially black. Oh my God. You guys are really horrible. What are you talking about? You're horrible. Yes, you're talking about that Sam Donaldson. Because you make fun of President Reagan. We're talking to him. We are. Well, I better be on my best behavior. Hello, President Reagan. Where is he? Where is he? Why isn't he answering? Former President Reagan. I heard Trish Nixon say he's on the phone. You guys. What? That's so mean. Hey, do you have a nice ass? Because Nancy's looks like a big head of cauliflower. Only paler. Hello? Do you have a question for Mr. Reagan, Patricia? Yes, I do. No. Mr. Reagan, tear down that wall. I'm confused. No, I don't have a question. Okay, thank you Patricia. You're welcome. Okay. Wait a minute. Wait, Mr. Reagan, you can't curse. Well, F her then. Oh, okay. Wow. What a twat. I learned some new words. I'm listening to this show, the Opie and Anthony show. Yeah, you like it? What a couple of ass wipes. But well, they're funny. All right. Yes. Well, I guess we're going to let you go, Mr. Reagan, okay? Okay. Well, have fun on your wedding anniversary, 48 years this weekend. Are you guys going to have an intimate night there? Anal sex. Anal sex. That's what me and Nancy are doing. Anal ferrano. Anal sex in the pool. Jesus. Okay. Call me again soon before, well, the year 2000 is over. Okay. Because I'll probably be dead. All right. Thank you. All right. There he goes. Thank you. The former president of the United States of America. Where? Where? You, Mr. Reagan. Oh. Yeah. Oh, that's right. I forget. I'm surprised that Nancy hasn't discovered that you're talking on the phone today. Well, I believe she's on Venus today. Yeah, okay. Yes. All right, man. Goodbye. Bye. There he goes. Mr. Reagan. Jesus. Where the hell did Anthony go? All right. Anyway, we've got to take a break. Oh, God damn. Oh, I almost missed him again. President Reagan, when you were commenting on the fall of communism, I want to know what you were... Yeah. What? He's not on the line anymore. God damn. You can't hold him until I'm in the... You said you were going to take a leak. That was 15 minutes ago. You missed it again. Well, maybe next time. That's all I could say. And look, do you have your little piece of paper with all the questions written down for him and stuff? I remember Ford, that transvestite from Bangkok, nailed in 1948. What's he doing with Sam Donaldson's wig glue? No, no. All right, we've got to take a break. Last couple days, we've been featuring Brian Reagan. This could be the last track we play. He'll be in soon. Yeah. All right. And we'll be back. Stay there. It's WNEW. Hey, listen up. This is Dee Snider, formerly of Twisted Sister. Now the star of Stage and Screen, and I'm a fan of radio personality in my home right now. And I'm just hanging out with Opie and Anthony. These guys have some serious psychological issues. I mean, you've got the new chicks in there. You've got the... You know, they've got some piercing. They've got all this wacky stuff. I was the most normal person in the room. Opie and Anthony, afternoons, 102.7, WNEW. Go! Ah, yes, and it's Opie and Anthony. Nothing wrong with a little sing-along for a Friday. Oh, that's the ladies from Red Peters. Checking out some tracks from his new CD. Old Blue Balls is back is the name of his latest CD. Yeah. Got to get red on the show. You're right in. Oh, I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. I'm going to be in the show. And we did this thing where they had this scrolling chat room on the bottom of the screen. And they were talking about the guy from 100 Blacks for Law Enforcement or something on there. So they're sitting there having a serious talk and I'm under there going, Opie and Anthony 1027. Those guys know what they're talking about. They're backing the cops back down. I'm putting wow all over the screen. Cyber attack. Yeah, it looked real funny. Everyone else is talking all serious. You see these wow things all under the screen. It's pretty funny. All right. Yankee Bleacher Creatures, big fans of yours. Cool. We're fans of theirs. It's kind of like what they do on TRL on MTV where they have it scrolling at the bottom of the screen or whatever. Right. But you just chat and sit there on the computer, put it up on the screen. And I just thought it would be a good chance to get with the psychopaths. Well, we definitely appreciate that. And Ben's going to hook you up with all sorts of stuff, man. Where are you from? Fairfield, Connecticut. You guys got a lot of fans in Connecticut, man. I know. We're going to try to get up to Connecticut and we're going to try to get up to Westchester. Yeah, we've got to make the rounds to the entire listening area. I think the next roadshow we're going to do is in Jersey, in the heart of Jersey. Yeah. Little south. Not Hoboken. No, we're going to go a little more south than Hoboken. Yeah, yeah. We don't have anything against Hoboken. We have just one club that will remain nameless at this moment in time. And then we'll get our asses up to Westchester in Connecticut. Maybe we'll find an area that's good for the Connecticut listeners and the Westchester listeners, okay? Guys, I'm going to go real quick. Yeah. I go to school at Iowna on a major broadcast. I'm sorry to hear that. I know. And Spaz is like a legend over there. Get out of here. You guys make fun of him. I'm telling you, he's like a legend over there. Everybody, all these teachers, Professor Smith over there, all they'll do is pump up Spaz. 1027, Spaz. It's amazing. See what happens when you get a diploma from Iowna. You get a job and a major at the number one afternoon show in New York City. What do they say about him? I don't know. They just always start with, you know, Spaz is a crazy kid, you know, whatever. They talk like you're a Spaz or whatever. It's great. He's a legend, huh? Yeah, he's like a legend with all the girls over there. Hey, this is fabulous, man. I'm a legend. Isn't it great? That's good. So, uh... Hey, you want a Ricky Martin poster? No, man. Yeah, take the Ricky Martin poster, please. I felt bad for you guys when that girl was in there, man. Why? No, that guy that called up with the eating disorder, she talked about the big eating disorder and then she, you know... Yeah, I got a little, uh... Our interview got a little rough today. Yeah. She was hot though, man. She was a small kid. Yeah. Jamie Lynn. No problem, man. Metal Soprano, she was in today. She was in there. And a very cool girl. Yeah, it was... Yeah, whatever. We better just move on. It was a little rough today. All right, man, we want to thank you for coming in though and helping us out. Thanks, man. We appreciate it, man. Help us spread the word of the ONA show, all right? I have this little prize package over there. Very nice. All right, Ant, we got to take a quick break. Yeah. And up next, as we finish off another fine week of radio, we will play What Do We Learn? on the Opie and Anthony show today. All right. Opie and Anthony. Are you in love with each other? Yes, we're homo. Love gay people. Love gay people. Yes, we're homo. It's so easy to get guys naked. Yes. We do have a lot of pent-up sexual frustration. Yes, we're coming out. We're gay. Hey, is this the homo and Anthony show? Yes, Opie and Anthony. Two guys who are not afraid to love each other. We're here. We're queer. We're fabulous. Get used to us. 1027, we're here. We're queer. We're fabulous. Get used to us. 1027, we're here. 1027, W-N-E-W. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. We're here. Ha ha ha. Who the hell made that? That's pretty funny. First of all, I had a nice little radio show on Long Island. Thank you very much. I had some fans. I had some people that liked the show. And I don't think Anthony was high all the time. Maybe drunk, but not high. Yeah. How was that? I think someone took liberties with that little song. Yeah. I'm insulted. I had a little career before Anthony. Of course you did. Trust me, it was little, but... Long Island, sure. Come on. All right. What the hell? We'll choose everyone else. Someone should be able to choose us. And they do. Yes, they do. Anthony, let's play a quick game of what did we learn on the Opie and Anthony show today. Yes. As we get the phone calls situated, I want to thank everybody for listening to the Opie and Anthony show. Can't really get into details, but we had another ratings trend come in today. And we did really, really, really, really, really well. Thank you incredibly well. Thank you very much to the listening audience. It's a little trend though, so we don't want to get too excited until we get to the end. The ratings book comes out in another month or so. But things are looking very, very good for this radio show. We really appreciate it because you guys make the show happen, man. So we'll try to pump out consistently the same quality-driven... Quality crap. ...that you hear on this show. So cheers. If we could get you all in a bar, we'd have a beer with you. We've got to get a much bigger bar, we've learned. Yeah, we did learn that. We've got to do something for St. Patty's Day, Anthony. Ah, yes. Know what I'm feeling for St. Patty's Day? What? I'm feeling one of those spur-of-the-moment things where you and I just kind of leave the studio late in the show... Go to a bar? ...and go to a bar and drink. I'm feeling one of those. I like that. What do you think? I totally like that. We don't have enough time to put a complete roadshow together, but I'm thinking St. Patty's Day, it's on a Friday. Two weeks from today, right? Yeah. We'll just get up and leave the show around, I don't know, five or so. Grab the cell phones again and just... And hit one of the finest establishments right here in the area. I like it. I think that's what we're going to do. Cole. That's what we're going to do. So, yeah. Okay. We're located at 57th and 7th, so keep that in mind in two weeks. We can't really announce the place ahead of time because it gets too zany. Yeah. Too crazy. A few thousand people show up, maybe. But I think that's what we got to do for St. Patty's Day. Drink some green beer. Do some drinking. All right, Ant, let's go to the phones, huh? All right. We'll start with Joe. Joe Soprano from foundrymusic.com. Hey, hey, how you doing? What's up, Joe? How are you today? I'm fine. Good? Website's fine. What I learned today is that for the best results of anal sex, pineapple around the leather cheerio does the trick. Very good. Absolutely correct. I also learned that the guy screening the calls has more personality in the spaz because when I told him that, he almost died laughing. Oh, someone actually laughed that screened the calls. Yeah, he has never screened the calls. When I say something funny, he's like hyping away, you know. Wonderful. Know what we're thinking of doing next week? I was just talking to Scott Colombo, who takes care of all the computers and stuff around here. We might put up a spaz cam one day next week that is just a camera on spaz answering phones. I remember when you had a studio cam, you know, into the studio. Yeah. Those are the days. Yeah, one of these days. We're going to get all that back again, but I think next week we're going to start off with the spaz cam. That's a great idea. What do you think, Ed? I like it. Just his big goofy face as he's answering the phones with the McDonald's drive-thru thing. Yeah. He has to wear hair. That's good. And by the way, we'll have Psycho Mark in the background just holding up signs and stuff for the webcam. He's holding up wow signs. It'll be liver keggers and all that. All right, we're going to work that out for next week. What the hell? Hey, by the way, Rick forgot to do his homework. Where is that Rolanda tape? Oh, yeah. Yeah, you're right. Where are you putting that in, Rick? Ah, it's a chicken. All right, Joe, thank you. Hey, by the way, don't forget the Soprano star shit ate this Sunday because of that movie, if those donuts could bump. Very good. Yeah. Who the hell is going to watch that? It's crap. All right. Thanks, Joe. Peace. There he goes, Joe. Christine, you're next. What did you learn on the show today? Hey, boys. Hey. I learned that Bill Cosby tries to. Christine. I'm 30. Wow, you sound, I thought you were going to say 13. Thank God you said 30. All right, thank you, Christine. All right, can I give a shout out? Yeah. A shout out. A shout out to James from New Jersey. Okay, thank you. All right. That's a 13-year-old boy. That's not a 30-year-old girl. Hey, what happened to the anal sex lady? Dawn? We want to know if Dawn had anal sex today. Yeah. If she's listening, please call before we get off the air. Wolf Stack from New York City. On the Instant Feedback, I learned that Dice and Nancy Reagan are having anal on the planet Venus. What? Dice. I don't know what that means. Maybe the president of Nancy Reagan. Mike from Jersey, I learned that Julia Child likes to marinate the<|zh|>? Yes. Funny of Mourning on. All right, let's go to Kelly. Kelly, what did you learn on the show today? Hey, guys, I learned that I hate people who make shout outs. Yeah, I know. I learned that. I just want to say you guys are great. Thanks. We really would appreciate it if you guys didn't do the shout outs because it's really gay. It's retarded. Because only the person you're shouting out to cares. Shout out. So what's up, Kelly? Like you're really listening. Yeah. I just want to let you know that what I learned today was that I have to remind myself when I leave work to go to the bathroom before I get in the car and listen to you guys. I probably peed in my pants today on the way home. All right. What got to you today? Just the whole entire, the Julia Child thing was just unbelievable. Yeah. Wonderful. Can I just say one more thing? Actually, I got two things. What's old dirty, Ben? I don't know. I think he's a little pissed at us because we took a stand with the cops and stuff. But the Diallo thing, I really think he's really pissed at us. Because we support the cops and he obviously does not support the cops. And we haven't heard from him since. He's a hottie. All right, Kelly. Thank you. Have a good night. All right. Bye. Bye. Let's go to George. We're still hoping Dawn checks in to tell us how the anal sex went. Yeah. George, you're next. What did you learn on the show today? I learned that Reagan is now officially black. Yes, we have learned that he is. So many liver spots, he's black now. Yeah, very good. And on the flip side of that, I also learned that Brian Reagan is hilarious. Yeah, that's funny. We're really trying to turn you guys on to stuff we like. And I hope you appreciate that. I know it's kind of stupid when other shows play comedy CDs, but... No, I'm digging it. All right, good, good. Because next week I think I'm going to bring in some of my Bill Hicks stuff. Cool. Bill Hicks is awesome. Yeah. We like Bill Hicks. Another comedian that died way before his time. Yeah. Not that Brian Reagan is still alive, I'm sorry. All right, thank you. All right. Thanks, George. Bye. Let's go to DJ. DJ, what did you learn on the show today? What's up, guys? I learned a couple things. Yeah. I learned what dump sweats are. Yeah. We all learned what dump sweats are, huh? And I learned the cause called this junk fat Albert. Yes, very good. And also I never thought there would be a more uncomfortable moment than when The Rock was used to sick boy. Yeah. Well, you did it today with Meadow when that guy called in. That was just dead silence train wreck. Yeah. Okay, terrific. Yeah, that was just a bad scene today, man. Bye, guys. Have a great weekend. All right. Later. That was just not good. Mm-hmm. I didn't think people picked up on that, Ed. Very astute. I thought we'd covered ourselves quite nicely on that one, but I guess not, huh? Nah. All right, let's go to Mike. Hey. Hey, Mike, what's up? Hey, how you doing? Great. Good. I learned that Ronnie Wiggin still gives the anal. Yeah, he was talking about having anal with his wife, Nancy. That's not good. He's not old. He's getting up still. Isn't that wonderful? He must take Viagra. You learned something today. Absolutely. All right, Mike, thank you. Thanks, guys. All right, bye. Bye. Bum-a-booey. Bum-a-booey. Oh, you got it. Bum-a-booey. Please. I'm waiting, but I don't think Dawn's going to make it in. No, it's too bad. Damn it. We gave her all that anal sex advice, and now she's not calling us back to tell us how it went. Let's go to Lori. Lori, what did you learn on the show today? I learned that the guy who had sex with us in the bathroom at the last road show isn't the only one who laughed. What are you going to do about this? Oh, really? Really. You had sex in what, the last road show? The last road show? The last road show. The last road show. The last road show. The last road show. The last road show. The last road show. You had sex in what, the ladies' bathroom? Yes, I did. All right, you hoes-mon. At the road show at Mulcahy's? At Mulcahy's, yes. So what, were you just hanging out and he whipped it out and said, what are we going to do about this? Exactly. You know, you had to do something about it. Couldn't just sit there looking. And it worked, huh? And it worked. I'm a sucker like that. A sucker, all right. How did it go? Were you guys in a stall or what? Yes, in the big one at the end. Very nice. The handicapped one. Exactly. That's good. Grabbing onto those rails. Ah. All right. Wonderful. Well, thank you, Laurie. Okay, good night. All right. Bye. We got to step aside for Donna Mike, but you know what? We have to talk to Dawn before we leave. Yeah. Dawn! Hey, what's up? Did you or did you not have anal sex? We did. You did? Yeah. Okay, you took a lot of advice from our faithful listeners? Yeah. Okay, so you did have anal sex? Yeah. Okay, so you did have anal sex? Yeah. Okay, so you did have anal sex? Yeah. Okay, so you did have anal sex? Yeah. We had a lot of faithful listeners? Yes. What did you end up using or doing? Or you know what I'm saying? I did the on the belly. Yeah, did the belly move, okay? Yes. And I used the KY, cause that was all we had. KY, okay. And it slowly went in, so it didn't hurt that much, and it actually lasted for about a good 10 minutes. I was pretty proud of myself. Okay, terrific. After that, it was still a little rough for me, so, good implement. Practice makes perfect. myself. Okay terrific. After that it was a little rough for me. Good I can though. Well you were a little worried about it. Was it an enjoyable experience? Yeah it wasn't too bad and we tried calling you guys and he was there but he had a leave. He rushed home from work for it and you guys were with the sopranos and I knew you were probably like I didn't know that was going to happen. Without giving away too much Dawn, it kind of shows that Aunt and I have a heart because there was just a problem in the studio and you were on the screen with your anal sex story and we just couldn't go there. We had to take care of some stuff. Oh no I totally understand that. That's why I was just like damn. So I'm glad you called back though and it went pretty well and you're going to try it again. Yeah I have to thank you guys you were awesome. Dinner standing up tonight? Hey I'm getting taken out for dinner. Now did you have the anal sex while listening to us? It was on in the living room yeah. So what part were you listening to? Your official anal sex radio show. The Opian Anthony show. You were talking to the soprano girl about the metal soprano about something. Oh really? I really wasn't. You weren't focusing on what she was saying? No I kind of couldn't hear. Why your head was in a pillow? Among other things. Alright Dawn well thank you. Did you lubricate properly? Yeah. It took many advice. All available avenues. And you're going to do it again? Okay Dawn. Well thank you guys. Have a great weekend. You too. Alright bye. Okay terrific. Kimberly. You. I'm going to go. I had to get through Spaz. You used this voice and said Kimberly and he went for it? Yeah. It had to be done. Oh wait wait wait. He broke the rules. We got to hang up on him. Oh yeah sorry dude. You just got to hang up. We got to set an example. I don't care if he had the best story ever. You can't just BS on the phones because it makes a problem for us. Yeah that's kind of true. That's it. Because Spaz really does do a very good job screening the calls for us. Why are you laughing? How many times? Hey Steve you're on the air. Steve you're on the air. Steve. Anthra Steve. Steve. My name's Bob. It's Steve. Spaz screwed up again. Okay we got to get out of here. Alright. Everyone have a great weekend. We'll be back here Monday at 2. Dawn and Mike up next. Dawn and Mike up next. Very funny. Give them a try. Give them a chance. We are. Okay? Right. Alright. It's kind of like a car wreck on the highway. You're going to have to tune us in to see what the hell these idiots are doing next. Toby and Anthony. We refuse to be responsible. We refuse to be responsible. One. Two. Seven. W. N. E. W.